THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 85 question. He based the movement squarely upcin:the-  binding obligation of the fourth cointhandinent which he maintains has never beerk repealed. Though what that fact has to do with the Sunday institution or with civil law he did' not so much as attempt to show. The Doctor likened " the American Sun-day " to the dykes of Holland, and said that there were leaks which must be stopped or the country would be ruined. One of these leaks is the foreign ele-ment which is coming into the country so rapidly. He said if they come and con-form to our laws and our religion they are iwelcome, but if they reject our faith we must do just as any citizen would do should a stranger come to his house and refuse to conform to the rules of the house. Such an one would, he said, be told to go ; and if he refused to do so would be put out by physical force, He thought that in such a case a little " muscular Chris-tianity " would not be out of place. In this respect at least the Doctor's idea of Christianity differs materially from that of the great Founder of Christianity, and is substantially the National Reform doc-trine that infidels should be disfranchised or else banished to some wild desolate land, there for the sake of the devil, and in the name, of the devil to set up a Gov-ernment of their own. After Dr. Fernly had concluded his speech the chairman called upon the pas-tor of the church for some remarks, which were made very briefly, but right to the point, though not the point desired by the corresponding secretary of the Philadel-phia Sabbath Association unless his looks belied his feelings in the matter. Dr. Braislin said that he would like to have some definition of what was meant by "'Sabbath observance." He thought that before asking very much of others, Christians should themselves be agreed as to what constituted proper Sunday observ-ance. He utterly repudiated the idea that the keeping of Sunday is enjoined by the fourth commandment, because, said he, " we do not keep the seventh day, but the first:" Nobody, he thought, who rides in his own carriage on Sunday, should object to the running of street cars on that day; and the rich should not be allowed to enjoy privileges on Sunday which the law denies to the poor. It, was very evident that though the Doctor favored some Sunday regulation he was not prepared to go to the lengths advoCated by the principal speaker of the evening, and we doubt if the brother from Philadelphia was much comforted by the remark made by the Brooklyn pastor that he would not prolong the meeting, as he was sure of most of the audience at another time. Al). things considered, the meeting was not what "an ardent National Reformer and. ,SundaydaW advocate would be likely to regard as 'a brilliant success. C. P. BOLLMAN. A Dangerous and Vicious Bill. WE mentioned last week the fact that a bill had been introduced in the New York Ł Legislature containing provisions which prohibit parents from teaching their own children in their own homes without State supervision. The Union League Club of this city took up the con- sideration of this bill. A committee of eight was appointed to draw up a report, which it did in the following pointed and well chosen sentences :Š The Committee on Political Reform have had under consideration Assembly bill No. 106, entitled "An Act to secure to children the benefits of an elementary education, and making an appropria- tion therefor," and submit the following report and resolution and recommend their adoption :Š This bill purports to be in favor of compulsory education and in support of the common schools. Nothing is more important or desirable to the pres-ervation of our institutions than the universal dis-semination of knowledge, and, as a means to that end, the most vigorous support of the public schools is needed, consistent with individual liberty. It is believed that every member of this club is a stanch supporter of the common school system, in common with the great body of the citizens, and would do nothing to weaken their hold upon public affection, or impair in any way their usefulness. The proposed bill is so extraordinary in its pro-visions as to require a careful and critical examina-tion. It incorporates within it certain principles and methods of action that are entirely inconsistent with individual liberty and the sacred rights of the family. The bill seems to be, in some measure, a substitute for the act passed in 1874, but with ad-ditional powers and limitations that make it a dangerous and vicious bill. The first section provides that every parent and guardian shall cause all children between the ages of seven and eleven to attend some public school in the city or school district in which such child shall reside, or some school other than a public school in which at least certain common school branches are taught. The second section provides that for every neglect of the:duty thus imposed in the first section, the guilty person commits a misdemeanor and is subject to fine and imprisonment therefor. The third section does provide that a child may be taught at home, but such teaching must be by a " teacher duly qualified under the laws of this State or approved by a school commissioner or by a superintendent of schools, by whatever name known, in a city of the State." Section fifteen authorizes the employment of town constables to aid in executing the provisions of the act and provides for payment of their fees. The seventeenth section provides that the school authorities may appoint special officers to discharge the duties provided in certain sections of this act, and may fix fees or salary for the payment of the same. There are various other sections of the bill that would be open to criticism, but the limits of this paper render their consideration impossible. THE PRIVACY OF THE DOMESTIC CIRCLE. The bill invades the privacy of the domestic circle and supersedes the authority of the parent in the education of children of tender age, and substitutes therefor persons authorized by act of the Legislature to discharge these delicate and important duties. Although section three tolerates education in the family circle, it does not leave that to the choice and discretion of the parent, but provides that that teaching shall be under the supervision and control of a " School Commissioner or a Super-intendent of schools, by whatever name known in a city of the State." The same section alsb gra- ciously provides that in case a child is taught at home, the instruction in the branches specified in the bill shall be at least equivalent to that given in the public schools. There is also a provision that, in case of the phys-ical or mental condition of a child being such as to render its attendance at school inexpedient or impracticable, a physician's certificate may remit the penalty. The general effect of the bill is to bring all mat-ters of education, whether in the family circle or in public or private schools, under the supervision of school superintendents or school commissioners. The neglect of the duty of educating children according to these public officials is made a mis-demeanor. LIKELY TO LEAD TO VIOLENCE. This bill proceeds upon the theory that the arti-ficial and intangible body known as " the Govern-ment " is a better guardian of children than those to whom they owe their existence, and that the most ignorant and incompetent public school teacher in the State is qualified to train any young child, while the most refined, intelligent, virtuous and loving mother of that child, if for any reason she fails to obtain the consent of the school authori-ties, is not competent for that purpose. It calls for interference between parent and child at precisely that tender age when the character of the latter is unformed, and when it is in the most need of pa-rental guidance and teaching. An attempt to en-force the provisions of this bill will be likely to lead to violence and breaches of the peace. However desirable general education may be, it never can be desirable to invade the rights of parents and the sanctity of the family in the man-ner proposed by this act, under the guise of public instruction. The bill specifies certain fundamental subjects of education as essential to fit a child as a member of the State. True education consists in the har monious 'and symmetrical development of mind and character, and both should proceed together as far as practicable. In most cases no one is as likely to know the character of children as well as parents, and only in exceptional cases should be taken from them the absolute right to determine what and what kind of education they shall receive. The object of the public school system is to aid parents in the education of their children and not to over-ride the parental control or usurp its place. The bill reduces parents to the humiliating position of being obliged to obtain the consent of the school authorities before they can teach their own children, or select a teacher for them at home, and to the risk of fine and imprisonment if they act without such consent. Such legislation as this tends to destroy individuality and substitutes therefor State control in matters that should always belong to the individual. It is a long step in the direction of Socialism, wh6re all property and all individuals are placed under the direction of Government. TO WEAKEN PARENTAL AUTHORITY. Dr. Kittridge, of this city, recently said: " The home is the grandest university in the world, and to its wise and religious education we owe, more than to any educating influence, the scholars and patriots and benefactors of our race." This we believe to be a true statement of the value of the home, and home influence; and whatever evils may exist touching the education of certain classes of our citizens, those evils cannot by any possibility justify the subversion of the homes, and home con-trol of children, which serve to lay the:foundation for all that is best and holiest in our lives and our country. The tendency of this bill, if enforced, will be to weaken parental authority over the children, and divide responsibility between the parents and the State authorities for their education. It is in the line of the most vicious class of legislation with which we are afflictedŠthat of State interference and control in matters with which the State of right ought not to interfere. HoweVer paternal 