9 0 AMERICAN SENTINEL,. war spirit by which it was forced upon them, and never get the real spirit of the Bible at all. Christianity is a stench in the nostrils of millions of people to-day, simply because they associate it with un-just wars of conquest. The Bible might better never go at all than to go as the companion or even as the camp-folio wer of the sword. The only sword the Christian is authorized to use is the sword of the Spirit. And where that has been the only weapon bloodless victories have been won for the Prince of Peace. Better, a thousand times that the soldier of the cross fall at his post of duty, bearing only the Word of God, panoplied only with the armor of heaven, than that the heathen should fall before carnal weapons in the hands of men bearing the Christian name, but knowing nothing by a living experience of the Spirit of Christ. War is utterly in-compatible with genuine Christianity, for to every one of his followers Christ says: "Put up again thy sword into his place: for all they that take the sword shall perish with the sword." Not by the sword, as is some-times quoted. "If thine enemy hunger, feed him; if h& thirst, give him drink," is the gospel rule. Christ did not abrogate the sixth commandment, "Thou shalt not kill;" and the wholesale killing of men in war is simply wholesale violation of the divine law. Let not murderers nor companions of murderers carry the Bible either to the Philippines, or any where else. "Be ye clean that bear the vessels of the Lord." C. P. BOLLMAN. Sunday-Law Crusade News. CONNECTICUT. Blue Law Invoked to Stop Recreation on Lake Whitney Near New Haven. NEW HAVEN, CONN., Jan. 28.ŠThe town officials of Hamden, a suburb near this city, to-day resurrected a Blue Law to put a stop to Sunday skating on Lake Whitney, and there was a clash between the town con-stables and the several hundred skaters there, among whom were a number of Yale students. The sport has been permitted every Sunday up to to-day. The con-stables undertook to drive the skaters from the lake, but the officials found themselves in such a hopeless mi-nority that they gave it up. Now the people who were interfered with intend, if possible, to invoke by, way of retaliation another Blue Law that makes it illegal for the Hamden milkmen to deliver milk on Sunday in this city. OHIO. Toledo Clergymen Waiting for More "Ammunition." TOLEDO, Jan. 29 ŠWorsted in their battle against the Sunday theaters, the Toledo clergymen do not pro-pose to abandon the fight. At next Sunday's services the congregations in all Protestant; churches repre- ,  sented in the Pastors' Union will be asked for contribu-tions to the Sunday law enforcement fund. It is pro-posed not to strike a blow until the fund is ample to meet the expenses of a crusade against both the Sunday theater and the Sunday saloon. MARYLAND. Blue Sunday in Baltimore. AU "Unnecessary" Business Suspended and Antiquated Laws E;Iiirced. BALTIMORE, MD., Jan. 28.ŠTo-day was blue Sunday in Baltimore. For the first* time in many years the Sunday Blue Laws of Maryland, which in various forms have been upon the statute books for two centuries, were rigorously and relentlessly enforced. The police force of Baltimore patroled the town from Canton to Carroll and from Locust Point to Waverly in search of violators. Newsdealers, newsboys, milkmen, icemen, druggists for prescriptions only and proprietors of lunch rooms alone were exempt. All other varieties of merchants who were found selling their wares between midnight and midnight will be called upon within a few days to appear before the Grand Jury. Cigar dealers, grocers, bootblacks, fruit dealers, soda water dealers, ice cream men, confectioners and stationers, who for years have made no distinction be-between Sunday and any other day, were compelled to close their establishments all day. A number of store-keepers placed amusing signs in their windows. One cigar store had a large decorated sign reading: "This is hypocrite day; you must buy Bibles, and not cigars." In another store yesterday was a sign, "Proclamation ŠRenewal of the Blue Laws. We close on Sunday. Buy your supplies to-day." In one of the large drug stores there was a sign on the cigar case saying: "Nothing doing." It is thought that the law will be made so ri-diculous that it will be repealed. THE BALTIMORE MINISTERIAL UNION GIVE THANKS FOR THE CRUSADE. BALTIMORE, Jan. 29.ŠThe ridicule called forth by yesterday's enforcement of the antiquated Blue Laws was reflected in to-day's meeting of the Ministerial Union. The discussion was started by a resolution, of-fered by the Rev. Dr. Julius E. Grammar, that "This association hails with gratitude to the Almighty the action which has been taken by the municipal authori-ties of this city for the more sacred observance of the Lord's day." The Rev. C. E. Guthrie was not enthusiastic. He said the Sunday newspaper, the cab driver, and the soda fountain, to which the police had generally devoted their energies, were not the issues. He suggested that the old law might be modified. 