234 A.MEIE.Ilt C g N 91711W11-1,11, VOL. 11, No. 30 self in the consideration of ,these facts, is, Granting that the youth in our public schools will derive certain physical and mental bene-fits from such training, does this system pro-vide the only method, or the best one, or even a proper one, by which it may be imparted? Ł Do the benefits of the system more than outweigh the possible evils which it may con- tain ? We think they do not; but that, on the other hand, the evils far outweigh the bene-fits. Militarism is not a thing which should be developed in any form on this continent. We do not want a "patriotism" which appeals to arms rather than to the principles of right and justice,Ša " patriotism" which is but another name for selfishness, which puts na-tional prosperity above right and regard for humanity. We want rather the patriotism which first called this nation into being, by standing in support of those universal prin-ciples of justice asserted in the Declaration of Independence. The youth in our public schools need nothing more than they need instruction in those very principles. They need to be taught what are the unalienable rights of all men, and respect for those rights, in order that they may become the best citi- zens. The fighting instinct is sufficiently strong in all. It needs to be repressed, rather than cultivated. The nation's youth, and its older citizens as well, need to be taught that Justice, not Force, is the proper arbiter of all disputes. If this nation is again to become involved in war, far better will it be if its citizens go to the con-flict in the strength of au enlightened convic-tion that they are contending for, the princi-ples of right and justice, than if, they are impelled by a mere blind enthusiasm which trusts only in the strength of arms, and pays heed to nothing but the signal for combat. The country may have reason to be thank- Ł ful that the military idea and spirit were not more fully developed than they were when a few months ago it became involved in the Venezuelan dispute with Great Britain. As it was, the air was full of war clamor, which was recognized by sober-minded citizens as one of the greatest dangers of the situa- tion. Militarism and free government do not go together. Militarism belongs with despotism. The natural affinity between the two is illus-trated sufficiently upon the shores of the Old World. The evil effect of this militarism upon the public school system and through that upon the nation, is pointed out in the following from the New York World, of July 6, in ref-erence to a resolution then before the Board of Education authorizing the introduction of military training as a feature of grammar- school education for boys:Š The adoption of such a resolution would seriously cripple the schools. It is wholly at odds with the fundamental idea on which they are based. They are founded and supported by the State that the instruc-tion given in them may in turn support civil govern-ment. For the support of military government free schools are unnecessary. Where the military idea predomi-nates intelligence must be subordinated. It is inevi-table that it will be. The history of the world offers no case of a people which has been able to found civil government responsive to the intelligence of the peo-ple on militarism and the military idea. If the boys of New York are to be made into soldiers in the pub-lic schools,, it cannot be expected that they *ill be developed into the best possible citizens. They have only a few years for acquiring the rudiments of edu-cation, and if these are to be wasted the gravest injus-tice will be done them and the community whose des tinies they are hereafter to decide. But it is now not a question of accepting or rejecting the innovation upon its merits. The evil has fastened itself upon the common  school system, and while we may and should combat it to the extent of our power, it must be with no reasonable hope of effecting its re-moval. The thoughtful, liberty-loving citi-zens who see danger in this development, are but few in proportion to the number who look upon it with favor or unconcern. It seems to be generally accepted as a proper if not a necessary and desirable feature of our "Chris-tian" civilization. Indeed, we find this same militarism in the "Christian" Church itself. An authority tells us that " In addition to the drill in pub-lic and private schools, there have in recent years sprung up, all over the country, cadet companies in connection with churches of va-rious denominations, some of them numbering hundreds of boy soldiers." There are also, we are told, many companies of youthful ca-dets connected with temperance organizations ' and similar bodies. Militarism is one of the great curses of the world to-day. Its sudden appearance and development in this favored land is an ominous sign of the times. It bodes no good to liberty or to peace. It harmonizes not with the pleasing dream of " peace and safety," but with the internal dissension and strife now so manifest in our own national affairs, and the world-wide Ł unrest of the nations, and the jealousy and distrust with which they are watching each other. In view of all this the prospect is that the youthful organization will soon have opportunity to turn its military knowledge and skill to another use than that of pleasing the public eye. The authority from which we have quoted, significantly says: " Recent events have brought the ques-tion of national defense prominently before the public. If this country has rights which it desires to assert against the pretensions of foreign powers, it must be prepared to fight for them. Military authorities have recently agreed in urging the drilling of the millions of American schoolboys as a useful training for a volunteer force, which could go to the front without losing time in learning the rudiments of war." Reader, is it not evident to you that the spirit of the times, at home as well as abroad, is making for war and not for peace,Šfor des-potism and not for liberty ? And the spirit of war is not the spirit of righteousness. Be not deceived. War is fightingŠthe outlet for the same instinct which animates the principals in the prize ring. It is murder and ruin on a vast scale; as General Sherman pithily remarked, " War is hell; " and not all the dignity and glory with which "civiliza-tion" can invest it can make it anything else. The universal spirit of the world to-day is the war spirit; the drift of events the world over is for war. It is for you, reader, to ponder the situation with all seriousness and earnestness, in the light of these facts, andŠwhat is more importantŠthe light of the prophecies of the inspired Word. s. A NEW FEATURE FOR "MISSIONARY " CON-VENTIONS. THE "Illinois Missionary Association of. the Christian Church," announces a new feature in the program of its coming annual session, to be held in Eureka, Ill., July 28 to August 6. Press reports speak of it as follows:Š A new feature has been introduced in the program this year, which tends to greatly increase the interest in the occasion; that is a series of political speeches, each party to be represented by one of the leading men of the State. Wednesday, July 29, Hale John-son, of Newton, Prohibition candidate for Vice-Pres-ident, will be present and speak. Thursday, Gov- ernor John P. Altgeld will speak as the representative of Democracy. Friday, Hon. A. J. Hopkins, Con-gressman from the Eighth Illinois District, will dis-cuss the great questions of the day from the stand-point of a Republican. This speech will close the series. The remainder of the meeting will be divided be-tween the various conventions of organizations per-taining to the Christian Church. Verily, the signs are abundant on every hand that religion and politics are rapidly coming together. But one thing is certain, Šthe mixture will not constitute Christian-ity. Quite probably this " new feature " on the convention program will " increase the interest in the occasion," but the nature of that increase of interest will be political, not Christian. Christianity and politics are not in the same sphere. To engage in politics the Church must go outside the sphere of her God-appointed work. s. THEY SUFFER FOR THEIR FAITH. DowN in Lake County, Tennessee, sur-rounded by the heavy timber for which the lowlands of the Mississippi are _noted, is a small community of Seventh-day Adventists. A year ago, one of their number who owned a small portable saw-mill, secured, in company with another man, a tract of 1,500 acres of wild timber land for the purpose of convert-ing the trees into lumber. Calling to his assistance several of his brethren of like faith from other neighbor-hoods, Mr. Callicott, for such is the name of the owner of the mill, proceeded to establish a lumber camp in the hitherto almost track-less forest which he and his partner had pur-chased. Soon a number of rough but comfortable homes sprang up where previously there had roamed only wild beasts, or herds of semi-wild cattle and hogs, which have free range of the Mississippi bottoms in Lake County. The mill hands brought with them their families, and very soon after the mill was in operation steps were taken to build a school-house, which task completed, a teacher was employed and a school successfully conducted for several months..  The school-house served also for a church, and every Sabbath as also on Wednesday even-ings, the whole community assembled for divine worship, which, unless a minister was present, which seldom happened, was con-ducted by one of their own number. The children were organized into classes for a regular Sabbath-school in which both old and young took part, while for the older ones there were Bible readings or " lay " sermons prepared and delivered by some of the men. A few of the employ& of the mill were not Adventists, and it was never operated on Sunday, and so was run only five days each week. Naturally Sunday was " chore day " with the Sabbatarians, and numerous little odd jobs were done on that day. When it was determined to build the school-house and church the men volunteered to do the work. The owner of the mill gave the timber and the use of his mill, besides himself assisting in the work. On a Sunday morning the volunteers sallied forth to cut the logs at a point about a mile distant from the mill and still deeper in the dense forest. But evil eyes were spying out the liberty of the Adventists. Sunday loafers from farms adjacent to the forest followed to the scene of operations the fathers intent upon erecting a temple sacred at once to the worship of God and to the education of their children, and 