JULY 6, 1893. A.Mt CAN" g'11-MNI _IL IEIVETL,0 213 to draw men nearer to God, and think of him as the Creator of all things, but men keep the Sabbath for selfish endsŠto rest because they are tired. They think of self and not of their Creator. He who keeps the Sabbath as the Lord has bade him keep it, does not think of self; he does not rest because he is tired, but be-cause in the Sabbath of the Lord, the day that God sanctified, there is a blessing for him, and he feels that blessing each Sab-bath. It is to him the memorial of God's wonderful power in creation. The popular teaching by the clergy and others that the Sabbath was made for physical rest is one of the reasons why those professing to serve God do not reverence his Sabbath. People are led astray by those professing to be their teachers by such arguments to prove the sanctity of a day in the place of the one God blessed and called his day. The following, from the Nashville Christian Advocate, is a fair sample of the arguments used to show that the Sab-bath is a necessity from a civil stand-point :Š If the Sabbath was made for man, then he needs it, and cannot get along without it. He needs it just because he is man. His constitutionŠphys-ical, intellectual and moralŠis such that it is im-possible for him to dispense with the weekly period of rest without suffering damage in many ways. The law of the Sabbath is, therefore, of perpetual force. Given in the Decalogue, it is thus reaffirmed in the Gospel, and holds good for all time. The Christian accepts it as a divine institution, and keeps it for the fear and love of God. , "The law of the Sabbath is, therefore, of perpetual force," because it affords phys-ical rest, says the Advocate. This is not biblical. After telling the children of Israel that the Sabbath was a sign between God and his creatures, and that it was holy, the Lord said, " Wherefore [for this reason], the children of Israel shall keep the Sabbath, to observe the Sabbath throughout their generations, for a per-petual covenant." But the Advocate begs to differ with the Lord. It further says, " Given in the Decalogue, it is thus reaf-firmed in the gospel." But does the Advo.ate keep the Sabbath given in the Decalogue? It does not. It keeps Sunday which is not the Sabbath at all. The fourth commandment says, " the seventh day is the Sabbath," but Sunday is acknowledged by all to be the first day of the week. The Advocate not only keeps Sunday itself, but teaches men to violate the command of God and observe it also; and uses such arguments as the foregoing to prove that the State should compel everyone to keep it. After speaking of the Sabbath as it was given to the children of Israel,Šthe purely re-ligious Sabbath, as it calls it, the Advocate says :Š So much for the purely religious Sabbath. With it the State has and can have nothing to do. But it is, nevertheless, the fact that the State, recognizing the practical importance of the Sabbath as a civil-izing force, invest its observance with the sanctions of human law. This is not specifically in the in-terests of religion; it is simply a matter of public policy, and looks to the temporal welfare of the community. The Sabbath thus guaranteed by the StateŠand it is so guaranteed in nearly.  every American CommonwealthŠis a political institu-tion, a part of the law of the land, to be upheld and supported by civil authority, as really and truly as the laws protecting life and property. While it is of great value to all citizens, it has a special worth to the laboring classes. Any attempt to break it down or set it aside is really hostile to their interests. The abolition of the civil Sabbath means seven days' work for six days' pay. There is no civil side to the Sabbath of the Decalogue; it ,is a purely religious in-titution, given for a religious purpose,  Sunday is, in a sense, a civil institution, because it was ordained by man; but it is, nevertheless, a church dogma, and there-fore the State should have nothing to do with it. The Sabbath, of the Bible and Sunday, the Sabbath of man, are two entirely different things. The oneŠthe seventh-day SabbathŠis the Lord's, given that men might remember him as the Creator; the otherŠSunday, or the first day of the weekŠis Satan's, given to draw men away from the Sabbath of the Lord, that they may be forever lost as he him- self is. ALFRED MALLETT. e.  An Old Soldier Dissents. [In the Memorial services at Berry Centre, N. Y., on May 28, the speaker, who was a minister, exhorted the old soldiers to " war a good warfare " in behalf of "the American Sabbath." One at least of his hearers, and an old soldier, failed to recognize the fitness of such a discourse on such an occasion, and disagreeing with the theology of the speaker, replied to him as follows in the Elmira Telegram.] THE so-called " American Sabbath " is wholly unscriptural, and to enforce its ob-servance by law is productive only of evil. Let right, truth, and liberty prevail in all things regardless of "institutions." That " Jesus Christ is ruler of this world" is not now true. He is the rightful heir of the world, but is now acting as our high priest and intercessor, awaiting the time appointed of the Father, as abundantly shown in prophecy; then he will return to earth, break in pieces like a potter's vessel all the wicked kingdoms of Satan that now rule in this world, establish his own kingdom and reign here personally forever. Seeing men differ so widely in their un-derstanding of the Bible, if it should be the basis of all our legislation, who has God appointed to be an infallible ex-pounder thereof, that all may know the truth ? Whose exposition is to be ac-cepted by all others, whether they believe it or not ? Must those who believe differ-ently be compelled to conform to another's dictum ? What kind of " religious lib-erty " is that ? Law can make hypocrites in the outward observances of forms and ordinances, but law cannot reach the heart to make men better. The official head of which of the leading denominations of America has Christ ap-pointed to be his vicegerent here, to exe-cute his rulership of this Nation ? Is it Bishop Simpson, Dr. Talmage, Leo XIII., Dr. MacArthur, or some other man ? Robert Ingersoll is said to be a good, kind, law-abiding citizen, and he fought for the preservation of our Union, with civil and religious liberty; andŠas far as law is concernedŠshould have an equal right to believe or not to believe, and advocate his own views. Law is for the protection of our liberties and our rights of citizenship; not to bind religious dogmas upon us. " The American Sabbath " is well so-called, for it is man-made. There is no record that God ever made an American Sabbath, but he did sanctify and bless a certain day, viz., the seventh day, Satur-day. There is not one word in the Bible showing Sunday to be more sacred than any other day; therefore men should cease insulting God by robbing this holy day of its prestige, sanctity and authority to bol-ster up a man-made "American Sabbath." Having full liberty to love and observe their Sunday, ought to satisfy them with-out calling on soldiers to war a good war-fare in binding on men a counterfeit Sab-bath, Let soldiers, as they love the lib- erty for which they fought, never by word or deed assist in foisting bigoted-born, religious legislation on men to bind their consciences, but let us "war a good warfare" to sustain the much vaunted as-sertion that this is truly " the land of the free and the home of the brave." R. ANDREWS. Have They the Right to Do It., THE following from the Dispatch, of Birdsboro, Pa., illustrates the crude ideas which many people have of the powers of the Government:Š The AMERICAN SENTINEL is up in arms against the religious sentiment of the day in its effort to close the gates of the World's Fair on Sunday. It seems to see in this interference of Congress, the certainty of a union of Church and State. As to such a result, we think its fears are groundless. But admitting such to be the ultimate condition of things what is the SENTINEL going to do about it ? Our law-makers are going to legislate to suit their preferences and convictions. And as perhaps a large majority of them may be believers in the sanctity of Sunday, is it not natural for them to protect the sanctity of that day ? The only hope of the SENTINEL, in our estimation, is in changing the faith of the Christian Church in this respect, and then it is a question if there is much hope there. We fear that Sunday folks are joined with their idol. It makes not a particle of difference what the religious opinions of our law-makers are, they have no right to be gov-erned by them in their official capacity. Congress is by the Constitution prohibited from making any law " respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." Now if Con-gress makes no law setting up a single de-nomination as a State Church, yet by law gives certain sects and modes of worship a preference, requiring everybody, as is done by Sunday laws, to observe the "holy days " of those sects, does it not thereby violate the Constitution and interfere with the free exercise of religion ? It may be as the Dispatch says, that our fight is a hopeless one, but should we for that rea- son abandon it ? B. Church and State. STRIFE for civil power on the part of the great religious bodies is now not only possible but inevitable in this country. This was so in the fourth century in Rome; and it is now equally true here. The very same steps that were taken at that time, have been taken here to lead up to this strife and contention. Constantine professedly espoused the Christian religion. This he had a right to do; but he went beyond this. He went beyond his rights as a ruler. He had imbibed the old pagan idea that a ruler was to be considered as the " guardian of the public morals." And so by virtue of his position as ruler he said the religion of his choice should also be that of his empire. Thus, that which he, Constantine, called the Christian religion, became the impe-rial religionŠthe religion of his empire. This made it possible for the great con-tending religious elements to seek control of the civil power claiming that their religion was the Christian religion. And this resulted in the final supremacy of the greatest religio-political combination the world has ever seen. The parallel is before us in this country. Justice Brewer believes in what he is pleased to call the Christian religion. This is just as far as he has any right. He may espouse any feature  of any rep 