274 -rem r, AMERICAN SENTINEL. obeywould be not only crime against the State, but sin against God. Thus, not the perfect, unchanging law of God, but the imperfect, ever-changing law of man would be the standard by which men would be judged, not only in earthly courts but in the court of heaven. It follows that the State has no right whatever to enact laws of any kind in reference to Sabbath ob-servance. But when we turn to the subject of marriage, we find that it is entirely dif-ferent. Ł Marriage means the union of man and woman as husband and wife. It relates, therefore, wholly to mankind, and is properly a subject of civil law, be-cause, as we shall see, the conservation of human rights demands that the safeguards of civil law be thrown around it. It is true, as previously stated, that marriage was given to man by the Cre-ator, and to violate the divine law con-cerning it is sin; but that is not the reason that it is properly regulated by civil law. " Thou shalt not kill," is a divine command, but that is not the rea-son the State punishes the murderer. The State punishes murder solely for the pro-tection of life. The State knows no malice, and does not punish the murderer for revenge, but only to prevent repeated homicides by the same individual, and to deter others from following his example. Likewise, the State properly regulates marriage only because civil justice re-quires it. The Declaration of Independence de-clares that " men are endowed by their Cre-ator with certain inalienable rights," and that " to secure these rights, governments are instituted among men." An inalien-able right is a natural right, a right that even though it may not be exercised can-not be surrendered, so that it ceases to be a right. An inalienable, or natural right, may not be exercised for a time, or des-potic power may invade it, but justice confirms it, nevertheless, and just govern-ment will guarantee it. " Life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness " are inalien-able rights. A man may throw away his life, or he may sell hitnself into slavery, or he may bind himself not to seek hap-piness; but the State can in justice sanc-tion 'none of these transactions. It is a contradiction of terms to say that " a man may be free not to be free ; " for were the State to sanction a permanent sur-render of individual, personal liberty, the one making such surrender would, after he had made it, have no more choice in the matter; and there can be no liberty without freedom of choice. The State does not compel any man to exercise his natural rights; but it does refuse to become a party to a surrender of those rights. If one throws away his life, the State cannot restore it to him; but if he sells himself as a slave, or agrees to forego the pursuit of happiness, the State refuses to sanction the act; these rights are still his, and  whenever he sees fit to do so he may ex-ercise them. The Creator has endowed him with these rights, and he cannot be justly deprived of them except as punish-ment for crime. Marriage carries with it certain rights that are just as sacred and inviolable as any of the rights with which God has endowed man. The Creator has ordained that every man may " have his own wife, and every woman her own husband." These words are revelation, but they ex-press a truth which is so evident that it must be accepted, whether one believes in inspiration or not. The framers of the Declaration of Independence set forth as a self - evident truth that " all men are created equal," and that they are endowed by their Creator with certain rights. Here the word " met " is generic, and includes women; it follows that women have just the same rights that men have. There-fore, reasoning even from a purely sec-ular standpoint, we must conclude that if every man has a right to his own wife, every woman has a right to her own husband; for their rights are equal. The man who is willing that his wife should take one or .more additional husbands, is the only man who can with even a shadow of consistency, defend the taking of more than one wife. Polygyny has its root in the assumed inferiority of women; it can-not live for a moment in an atmosphere of equal rights. The natural right to have a wife or a husband, may not be exercised, or may be forfeited by violation of the marriage contract, just as life or liberty may be forfeited by crime; but it cannot be taken away by another ; neither can the State properly sanction (and in such a case, to permit is, in. effect, to sanction) any agreement or conflicting relation that would tend to invade or destroy that right. Polygamy does necessarily invade that right; therefore the State cannot sanction it, but is in duty bound to pro-hibit it. If it be argued that the State may per-mit polygamy where all who engage in it do so willingly, the sufficient and just answer is, the State must refuse such permission in. justice to those who having married in good faith have never given such consent; and who, were the 'State to legalize the relation, might be co-erced into a consent, sufficient to meet the technical demands of any law that could be framed in regard to the mat-ter, but coming very far short of that perfect liberty of action sought to be guaranteed by the law. It may be true that a majority of women in Utah, whose husbands are in polyganiy, have freely given their consent; but because of the perfect equality of human rights the State must refuse its sanction. Justice says that the husband belongs to the first wife; she may at any time claim her rights as the only wife of her husband, and that her  children are the only legitimate children of her husband, and the State must sus-tain her claim and vindicate her rights. But this it cannot do if it has in the mean-time given its sanction to, or legalized, a conflicting relation. It follows that the State must forbid polygamy in every case, or else fail of the very object for which governments are instituted among men, namely, to preserve rights. Again, the State must regulate marriage, because in its very nature it affects not only those who enter that relation, but the entire community as well. Marriage imposes upon those who enter it certain obligations, and they must not be per-mitted to escape those responsibilities, for if they do the burdens which they should carry will fail upon others. Or-dinarily, marriage means offspring, and it is clearly the duty of those who bring children into the world, to support them until they are able to care for themselves. I? they fail, or refuse, to perform this duty they thereby throw the burden upon the State, which is only to compel others to be taxed for the support of their children, and to pay for their negligence. And to protect the community from the imposition of. this burden, the State in-sists that marriage shall not be transient, but permanent; and that it shall be so regulated that there shall be no question as to the paternity of children. It is therefore not only, the undeniable right but the bounden duty of the State to regulate mar-riage. This is not true of Sabbath keeping ; for one man's failure to keep a Sabbath does not deprive another of that privi-lege; neither does it burden the State. This is practically admitted by even the most zealous advocates of what they are pleased to term a " civil Sunday law." In answering the question, " Should there not be a law to protect the Jew in the observance of his Sabbath ?" Rev. W. F. Crafts well says : " It isŁ not sufficiently emphasized that the Jew is left absolutely free to observe the seventh day. He can close his shop; he can refuse to work." This is true; but it is no more true of the Jew and the seventh day, than it is of the Christian and the first day. But since the State must regulate mar-riage, the State must likewise decide to what extent it will regulate it; and this decision must depend only upon the rights of the citizen, and the best interests of the State. The requirements of the divine law cannot enter into it at all, so far as the State is concerned; and this not be-cause that law is not wise and just, but because the State cannot become a judge of that law; it must of necessity con-fine itself to things purely civil; and where civil justice is done the divine law will never be contravened. But some may say, that while the State must of course regulate marriage, and may properly prohibit polygamy in general, it should make an exception in favor of those who, from religious motives, desire 