--2.4 NEW 1-‚..,P.P j /01'92 1892. 96 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL Vol. 7, No. 12. NOTE.ŠAny One receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE Russian Government seems to hesi-tate to go to absolute extremes in its warfare on the Protestants of the Baltic proVinces. In the matter of reducing the theological school at Dorpot to a mere academy, or of transferring it to some smaller town, the ministry committee has advised delay, "THE time has come," says the Chris-tian Nation, " when the people of this land can bear to have loyalty to Christ preached to them, even to the point of be-ing urged to protest against, and dissent from, a Constitution that does not own Christ's authority and law. That is a sign that it is now time for us to preach the principle with its practical applica-tion." How the National Reformers, who have always refused to own allegiance to this Government, can make their " protest against, and their dissent from," the Con-stitution any more practical than it has been in the past is hard to imagine, unless they appeal to the bullets which they long ago threatened; or possibly, they propose voluntary exile. They have in the past suggested that course to all atheistsŠin-cluding Seventh-day Baptists. But it seems improbable that the National Re-formers have come to the point of being willing to take their own medicine. They want more room; but their instincts lead them to seek it not by getting out, but by crowding out. Therefore, in all proba-bility, God will suffer National Reformers to dwell in the land until sin and sinners are together blotted out by his almighty power, to make .cvay for the everlasting kingdom of Christ, which the Lord, and not men, will establish. THE plea that Sunday laws are not reli-gious, and that they are designed only to preserve the "Civil Sabbath," that is to guarantee to all men the right to rest one day in seven, is disproved not only by the decision of courts, as shown in these col-umns last week, but by their practical workings as well. THE cases of the five men recently in-dicted in Henry County, Tennessee, whose names we published last week, corrobo- rates the evidence of the Supreme Courts of several of the States that Sunday laws are religious and that such is their purpose. THE writer is personally acquainted with all of these men and knows them to be not only honest, industrious citizens but pious men, members of a Christian Church; whose lives are above reproach where they are known, except as concern-ing the law of God, which they understand differently from the majority of their neighbors. THE men referred to are members of the Springville Seventh-day Adventist Church. Three of them hold official positions in the church, two being elders and one a deacon; and each of the five is a man whose "word is as good as his bond." The writer has it directly from a member of the Presbyterian Church, a business man who knows all these men, that any of them would be trusted by any merchant who knows them to any amount that they might ask; for they are known to be scrupulously honest. ANOTHER circumstance which has a bearing upon the merits of this case is that these men are all farmers, all living where they could not possibly disturb anybody by their Sunday -work, except mentally; and all but one living where such work would not be likely to be observed, unless people went out of their way to note it and be annoyed by it. THE indictment against these men is for maintaining a nuisance by their Sun-day work. The facts stated show that this could not be true in any proper or reasonable sense of that term. If the work complained of had been done in a village and had been of a noisy character, such as to really disturb people who de-sired quiet, there might be some excuse for calling it a nuisance; but in this case there is none. The only possible annoyance is a disturbed state of mind such as might be occasioned in a Protestant by seeing his Catholic neighbor going to mass or con-fession; or to a pedo-baptist by hearing a Baptist deny the validity of sprinkling. These indictments are clearly inspired only by religious intolerance. So far as known the men indicted are without per-sonal enemies; they are hated only be-cause of their religion; and their pros-ecution is simply persecution for con- science' sake. C. P. B. APROPOS of the article on another page on the change of the Sabbath, is the fol-lowing letter from Cardinal Gibbons, kindly furnished to us by a friend :ŠCardinal's Residence. Baltimore. Feb. 25, 1892. JNO. R. ASHLEY, ESQŠDear Sir : In answer to your first question, directed by the Cardinal to reply to your letter, I will sayŠ" Who Changed the  Sabbath 1" AnswerŠThe Holy Catholic Church. 2nd. "Are Protestants following the Bible or the Holy Catholic Church, in keeping Sunday ?" AnswerŠThe Protestants are following the custom introduced by the Holy Catholic Church. 3rd. The Protestants do contradict themselves by keep-ing the Sunday and at the, same time professing to be guided by the Bible only. I am, Faithfully yours, C. F. THOMAS, Chancellor. This letter from the Cardinal, which, however, contains nothing new, is simply a plea of " guilty " to the prophetic charge made in Dan. 7 : 25:Š And he shall speak great words against the Most High, and shall wear out the saints of the Most High, and think to change times and laws. Prophecy foretold that the Papacy would do these things; history testifies that it has done them; and now that power pleads guilty to that part of the charge that re-lates to thinking to change the law of God. What is yet lacking to secure a conviction in any candid mind ? THE. Voice complains that copies of that paper, paid for from a fund provided for that purpose, and sent to farmers who are desirous of receiving it, are not delivered but are held by the postmasters who send the publishers the usual notification cards, marked, " fail to receive it," " do not want it," " refuse to take it out of the' office," etc, and that consequently the paper remains "dead " in the offices. The Voice Claims to have letters from over one hundred different men whom postmasters have reported as refusing the paper, say-ing that they never refused it, but on the contrary, wish it continued. These letters are from twenty-five different offices, thus involving twenty-five postmasters in seri-ous difficulty if justice is done. Such a censorship of the mails ought not to be tolerated in this country. THE Archbishop of Canterbury has in-troduced a bill into the House of Lords authorizing Church courts to dismiss from their livings clergymen who are convicted of drunkeness, felony, or other immoral-ities. What a commentary is such a bill on a Church and State system ! I CONSIDER the Government of the United States as interdicted by the Con-stitution from intermeddling with reli-gious institutions.ŠThomas Jefferson. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, post-paid, $1.00. In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, - - - - 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 50. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 