AMERICAN SENTINEL. 185 THE Catholic Total Abstinence Union of Boston, Mass., at a recent meeting, passed resolutions strongly denouncing the "Sunday hotels" of that city, for their "desecration of the Lord's day." No doubt the methods of such hotels are evil enough; but if this is soŠif they are a menace to the rights of the peopleŠthey should be suppressed on all days of the week. To say that they are evil only on Sunday is to say that they are relig-iously wrong; but religious considerations furnish no legitimate ground for action by the civil authorities. * IT would be well to remember, also, that when a Catholic organization denounces the "desecration of the Lord's day," they are really denouncing the disrespect shown to their church; since it is a well-known claim firmly held by all Catholics, that the Sabbath day was changed by the church, and that Sunday rests solely upon the church's authority. The civil authorities should, of course, have nothing to do with enforcing respect for the Catholic Church, or any other.  the matter of their necessitiesŠis directly against good government. The foes which threaten the destruction of the Government are not in the islands across the sea or in any place without, but within the nation itself. To these foes, far more than to any others, the Govern-ment should give its attention. * How the war looks from the Filipino standpoint, was expressed by Sixto Lopez, secretary to Agoncillo, as he was about leaving this country the other day, for Europe. He said: "You Americans boast of freedom, but you are trying to reduce our people to slavery, The Filipinos were fighting for liberty long before the UnitEd States existed, and we shall not give up because our taskmasters have changed. Liberty or death is our watchword." THE legislature of Illinois have expressed themselves as having "absolute confidence in the unerring judgment, boundless patriotism and infallible statesmanship" of the present President of the United States. * ALL that is wanted now is a proclamation of the infallibility of Congress; then all three heads of the Government will have been pronounced infallible,Šwhich, of course, will make an infallible Government. The Su-preme Court was invested with this attribute some time ago. THIS is the era of combinations. Everywhere, by this means, human nature now seeks to realize its desires in the avenues of trade. "It is an off day in the business world in these times," says the Boston Daily Globe, "that does not see a new Trust formed. There are Trusts for everything from cameras to copper mines, and new ones are being launched so rapidly that the enterprising business man must have a special informa-tion bureau in his establishment to keep him posted on the number of Trusts formed every day." * THE Globe follows with an enumeration of the leading Trusts formed or now forming, since the beginning of the year, naming nearly one hundred. All these combi-nations are in restraint of trade, having as their imme-diate objects the stifling of competition, the control of the output of goods, and, as a necessary result of these, the arbitrary control of the price to be paid by the people. * * IT is hardly necessary to add that this arbitrary restraint of trade,Šthis dictatorship to the people in THE disposition to invest human beings with infalli-bility does not show itself by accident, but is an inborn tendency of human nature, and always marks a certain stage in the development of man-worship and despotism. As a sign of the times, it is worth noting and remem-bering. BY addressing a note to the United States Govern. ment, asking its support or at least its consent to the Italian demands in China, the Italian government has formally recognized the American Government as a "world power," and a participant in the political affairs of Europe. This is truth, which yesterday would have been deemed the wildest of fiction. * * IN Massachusetts it is proposed to protect by law people who observe the seventh day of the week, in the enjoyment of that day as a day of rest and worship. A bill has been drafted to this end, which mentions the serving of processes on the seventh day as one thing especially against which observers of that day need pro-tection. 