THE AmERIcAN SENTINEL. 59 at 25,841 in ilhe United States. The Examiner reporter has given them more than 200,000 members that do not belong to them. But the Examiner is not entirely wrong, for a great number of petitions against the Sunday-Rest bill have been presented to Congress. Over 250,-000 signatures have been secured ; and the fact that there are not more than one-tenth of that number of Seventh-day Adventists in the United States, shows that the opposition to Sunday laws is not sectarian. It shows that there are many people in this country who believe in civil and religious liberty. Another thing should be remembered in this connection, and that is, that none of the signatures to the petitions are by proxy, nor are they what are known among Sunday-law advocates as "rep-resentative signatures." Every signature on those petitions represents an individual. More than this, every signature indicates that some adult person has with his own hand signed the remon-strance. Of the more than 250,000 signatures that have 'ken obtained, more than 36,000 have been obtained in California. We know one man who has secured the signatures of more than 1,300 voters in a single California town of about 7,000 inhabitants. It may be added that there are not fifty Seventh-day Adventists in that town, count-ing women and children. But there are more than 250,000 adults who are opposed to the Sunday-Rest bill. In many places no effort whatever has been made to secure signatures to the petition against it, and nothing whatever was done until within the last three months. The records show that nothing like this number of individual signatures has been secured for the petitions in favor of the bill. Only the Name, Not the Power. A CORRESPONDENT of the Carrier Dove says :Š "1 say it in all seriousness, there is no name un-der hejLven, the power of which we as a progressive people have greater reason to fear, than the name of Jesus, as used by religious people. It is the ral-lying-cry under which they are striving to unite Church and State; the claim is that he shall be the ruler of, not only this, but all Nations; the Sabbath bill is being backed by the power of Jesus' name, and step by step we are thus being deprived of our liberties." This is only one of the things that the National Reformers and their allies are responsible for; but this is enough to stamp their whole scheme as an-tichristian. While they profess that theirs is a Christian movement, there is nothing else in the world that is doing so much to bring Christianity into disrepute. Just as the false Christianity of the Roman Catholic Church, which was accepted as true Christianity, was responsible for the infidel-ity of Paine and Voltaire, so this professed Na-tional Reform, which will be taken by many as being just what it pretends to be,Šan exhibition of real Christianity,Šwill disgust many with the very name of Christ and Christianity. We can tell our neighbor that although the name of Jesus is used very often by these would-be reformers, "the power of Jesus' name" is alto-gether wanting. It matters not how much they may claim that he is to'be king of this Nation, he himself has declared, "My kingdom is not of this world." The power of Jesus' name has never been exercised except for the benefit of the human race; but the mere name, the sound, has been used to back up crimes that would almost make  a demon blush. It was the power of his name that healed the sick and raised the dead, in the days of the apostles. When, however, the sons of one Sceva, a Jew, thought to accomplish the same Wonders that the apostle did, by calling the name of Jesus over one possessed with a devil, the de-mon overcame them, and drove them from the house naked and wounded, proving to them that the name of Jesus without the power could ac-complish nothing towards diminishing the woes of the world. National Reformers should learn a lesson from the seven sons of Sceva. The "power of Jesus' name " has done more than to raise the dead; it has enabled men to re-sist the strivings of appetite and passion, has de-livered them from the bondage of vice and sin, so that they have stood free men, pure and clean, changed so greatly as scarcely to be able to recog-nize themselves. The power of the name of Je-sus can and does diminish sin; but nobody can apply that power but Jesus himself. When men attempt to diminish sin by law, using the name of Jesus, they will find that they only increase it. Jesus does not have any vicegerents in this world, and his reign is a reign' of love. National Re-. form Christianity is of the kind described by the apostle Paul, when he says that in the last days men shall be "lovers of their own selves;" etc., "having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof." From such we are exhorted to "turn away." E. J. W. The Sunday Petition Socialistic. A GOOD deal of effort is being made, especially by certain preachers, to discredit the opposition of the SENTINEL to the Blair Bill by classing us with Socialists. There probably are some Social-ists who are opposed to the bill; but though the Socialists should oppose what the SENTINEL op-poses, that does not make the SENTINEL a Social-istic journal. It is not a sufficient answer to our opposition to say that certain other classes oppose the bill. We know that the principles which un-derlie our opposition to the Blair bill are not So- cialistic. We also know that the principles upon which the bill is advocated, and by which the support of certain classes is gained, are essentially Socialistic. This we propose to prove. Much has been made of the petition of the Knights of Labor. But the Knights of Labor never took any such step except at the solicita-tion of Doctor Crafts. The Blair bill had been scarcely introduced before Mr. Crafts made a trip to Chicago and other cities, soliciting the sup-port of the Knights of Labor. Instead of their petitioning for a Sunday law, the object of it had to be explained, and objections answered before they could even be brought to support it. The object of the petition for the Blair bill was ex-plained by Dr. Crafts to the Central Labor Union of New York, and its indorsement secured. The Central Labor Union embraces a number of la-bor organizations, and the Christian Union de-clares the Central Labor Union to be. a " radically Socialistic" organization. This, in itself, would not be particularly significant were it not for the fact that the arguments which Dr. Crafts presents to these organizations to gain their support are entirely Socialistic. Nor are these confined to Dr. Crafts. Other leaders of the movement also ad-vocate the same principles. Dr. Crafts went to the General Assembly of the Knights of Labor at Indianapolis last November to get the delegates there to indorse the petition for the passage of the Blair Sunday bill. A re- port of his speech was printed in the Journal of United Labor, the official journal of the Knights of Labor of America, Thursday, November 29, 1888. He said to them there " Having carefully read and re-read your 'dec-laration of principles' and your constitution,' and having watched with interest the brave yet conservative shots of your Powderly at intemper-ance and other great evils, I have found myself so closely in accord with you that I have almost decided to become a Knight of Labor myself. If I do not it will be only because I believe I can advance your principles' better as an outside ally." The following question was asked by one of the Knights:Š " Would it not be the best way to stop Sunday trains to have the Government own and control the railroads altogether, as the Knights advo-cate ?" Dr. Crafts answered: "I believe in that. Perhaps the best way to begin the discussion of Government control for seven days per week is to discuss this bill for Government control on one day. If the railroads refuse the little we now ask, the people will be the more ready to take control altogether." The Knights of Labor advocate the doctrine that the Government shall take control of all the railroads in the country, and hire all the idle men in the country at regular railroad wages, and run the roads, as it now runs the Post-office Depart-ment, without reference to the question whether anything is made or lost by the Government. This is what gave rise to the above question. Dr. Crafts proposes to play into the hands of that kind of an element by making the bid for their support, that if they will help the Sunday workers get Government control of the railroads one day in the week, then the Sunday-law work-.  ers will help the Knights to get Government con-trol every day in the week. Another question that was discussed both there and at the Conven-tion of Locomotive Engineers at Richmond, Va., was the following:Š " Will not one day less work per week mean one-seventh less wages?" The response to this was as follows :Š "As much railroad work as is done in seven days can be done in six days, and done better, because of the better condition of the men. And on this ground the engineers would be sustained in demanding, and if necessary compelling, the railroad company, to so re-adjust the pay schedule that the men will be paid as much as at present." That is to say, that Dr. Crafts and the Sun-day-law workers propose to stand in with the la-boring men to compel employers to pay seven days' wages for six days' work. This is made cer-tain by the following petition to the State Legisla-tures, which is being circulated everywhere with the petition for the Blair bill:Š "To the State Senate (or House):ŠThe under-signed earnestly petition your honorable body to pass a bill forbidding anyone to hire another, or to be hired for more than six days in any week; ex-cept in domestic service, and the care of the sick; in order that those whom law or custom permits to work on Sunday may be protected in their right to some other weekly rest-day, and in their right to a week's wages for six days' work." Now a week consists of seven days. A week's wages for six days' work is seven days' wages for six days' work. This petition asks the Legislatures of all the States to pass a law protecting em-ployes in their right to seven days' wages for six days' work. No man in this world has any right to seven days' wages for six days' work. If he 