THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 61 punishment shall be inflicted upon all per-sOnS wild knowingly sell, or in any other way publicly circulate, such works Ł or composi-tions.' "Section 182 provides that all persons who shall be found guilty of so-called scoffingŠthat is, of making sneering or sarcastic gibes that show manifest disrespect for the rules or ceremonies of the orthodox church, or for Christianity in generalŠshall be imprisoned for not less than four nor more than eight months.' "It would be hard, I think, to find in the criminal laws of any other civilized State punishments of such severity attached to crimes of such a nature. In most countries an insulting or contemptuous reference, even in a ehurch and during service, to the In-corporeal Heavenly ,Powers,' [the angels] would be regarded merely as a misdemeanor, and would be punished with a small fine, or with a brief term of imprisonment, as a dis-turbance of the public peace. In Russia, however, disrespectful remarks concerning the 'Saints of the Lord and their Images,' even although such remarks be made to three or four acquaintances, in the privacy of one's own house, may be punished with depriva-tion of all civil rights, and exile for life to the most remote part of Siberia'Šthat is, to the coast of the Arctic Ocean in the territory of Yakutsk. . . . "Blasphemous or disrespectful remarks con-cerning holy persons or things are not, how-ever;the only offenses contemplated by Title II, and included among Crimes against the Faith.' One whole chapter is devoted to heresy and, dissent, and punishments of the most cruel severity are prescribed for abjura-tion of the orthodox-faith, for secession from the true church, and for the public expression of heretical opinions. Section 184, for exam-ple, provides that if a Jew or Mohammedan shall, by persuasion, deception, or other means, induce an orthodox Christian to re-nounce the true church and become an ad-herent of the Jewish or Mohammedan faith, he shall be deprived of all civil rights, and exiled for life, with not less than eight nor more than ten years of penal servitude. "Section 187 declares, that if any person tempt or persuade an adherent of the Russo-Greek Church to leave that church and join some other Christian denomination, he shall be banished to Siberia for life. "Section 188 provides that if any person shall leave the orthodox church and join another Christian denomination, he shall be handed over to the ecclesiastical authorities for instruction and admonition; his minor chil-dren shall be taken into the custody of the Government; his real estate shall be put into the hands of an administrator; and until he abjures his errors he shall have no further control over either. "Parents who are required by law to bring up their children in the true faith, but who, in violation of that duty, cause such children to be christened or educated in accordance with the forms and tenets of any other Chris-tian church, shall be imprisoned for not less  than eight nor more than sixteen months. During such time the children shall be taken in charge by orthodox relatives, or shall be turned over to a guardian appointed by the Government. [Section 190.] "If a Jew or a Mohammedan shall marry an orthodox Christian and shall fail to bring up the children of such marriage in the orthodox faith, or shall throw obstacles in the way of the observance by such children of the rules and forms of the orthodox church, the marriage shall be dissolved, and the offender shall be exiled for life to the most remote part of Siberia. [Section 186.] "All persons who shall be guilty of aiding in the extension of existing sects, or who shall be instrumental in the creation of new sects hostile or injurous to the orthodox faith, shall be deprived of all civil rights, and exiled for life, either to Siberia or to the Trans-Caucasus. [Section 196.] " I met large numbers of dissenters exiled under this section, both in the Caucasus and in all parts of Siberia. It is the unvarying and universal testimony of both the civil and military officers of the Russian Government that these-dissenting Christians form the most honest, the most temperate, the most indus trious, and altogether the most valuable part of the whole population in the regions to which they have been banished. The isprav-nik, or chief police officer, of Verkhni Udinsk, in Eastern Siberia, speaking to me of three or four settlements of dissenters in his okrug, or circuit, said: If all the people in my terri-tory were only exiled heretics, I could shut up the jails and should have little or nothing to do; they are the best people within my jurisdiction.' I need hardly comment upon the cruel injustice of sending good citizens like these to the remotest part of Eastern Si-beria simply because they do not believe in worshiping images and kissing bones, or be-cause they cross themselves with two fingers instead of three. "It would be easy to fill pages with illustra-tive examples of the unjust and oppressive character of Russian penal legislation in the field of religious crime. Every paragraph fairly bristles with threats of imprisonment,' exile,' and penal servitude,' and the whole title seems to the occidental mind to breathe a spirit of bigotry and intolerance. One might perhaps expect to find such laws in a penal code of the Middle Ages; but they strike one as an extraordinary anachronism when they appear in a code which was revised and amended in the capital of a so-called Chris-tian State in the year of our Lord 1885." Ana yet, in the face of such an infamous code as that, Prince Gortschakoff, Chan-cellor of the Russian Empire, declared, in 1871, that Russia is "the most tolerant country in the world." Now, with this Rus-sian code and the Russian Chancellor's idea of tolerance, read the following proposition of the National Reform Association upon the subject of tolerance, as announced by Rev. Jonathan Edwards, D. D., one of its Vice-Pres-idents, bearing in mind that Mr. Edwards  holds that all who oppose National Reform are atheists :Š " What are the rights of the atheist? I would tolerate him as I would tolerate a poor lunatic. . . . So long as he does not rave, so long as he is not dangerous, I would toler-ate him. I would tolerate him as I would a conspirator. . . . Yes, to this extent I will tolerate the atheist, but no more. . . Tolerate atheism, sir ? There is nothing out of hell that I would not tolerate as soon. The atheist may live, as I said, but, God helping us, the taint of his destructive creed shall not defile any of the civil institutions of all this fair land I Let us repeat, atheism and Chris-tianity are contradictory terms. They are uncompatible systems. They cannot dwell together on the same continent." Let the reader compare this with the Rus-sian Penal Code and Prince Gortschakoff 's idea of tolerance, and then honestly say, if he can, whether the establishment of the National Reform principles in this Government would not be the establishment of the same sort of a despotism that now reigns in RussiaŠwith the advantage, however, in favor of Russia. For whereas Russia will allow the victims of her tolerance to dwell on the same continent with her, the National Reformers will not allow the victims of their tolerance to dwell on the same continent with them. And yet we are compelled to contemplate, and are asked to condone, the fact that the Woman's Christian Temperance Union is a close and fond ally of the National Reform Association, and that Joseph Cook, President Seelye, Bishop Hunt-ingdon, Dr. Crafts, and scores of others like them, are lace-Presidents of itl A. T. J. H Ł 41. Let There Be No Alliance with Rome. THE Presbyterian Union of New York City is composed of the Presbyterian ministers of that city. In their meeting February 28, the discussion turned on the question, " How far is the Roman Catholic Church our ally, and how far our enemy ?" From a report of the proceedings we take the following points of interest :Š Rev. Philip Schaff, D. D., the ecclesiastical historian and professor in Union Theological Seminary, opened the discussion. He said that the origin of the Roman Catholic Church was involved in.obscurity. It may have origi-nated on the day of pentecost; it may have originated at Corinth, or it may have originated much later. In any event the precise time could not be fixed. He claimed that the Pope, but not the church, is antichrist. That the Pope and the church are not one, and that Second Thessalonians refers to the Pope alone, claiming that this was the view held by Cal-vin, Melancthon, and Luther. He said that the Roman Catholic Church must hold to all the cardinal doctrines, such as the Trinity, di-vinity of Christ, justification, sanctification, good works, and others. He emphasized the historic character of the church and that un-der its claim of infallibility it could not aban-don one of the cardinal doctrines and live; that it was the largest church of Christendom, with its 200,000,000 members, and should be the ally of Protestantism. 