AMERICAN SENTINEL. 581 will not be furnished by volunteers. Men do not volun-teer to serve in a standing army as they volunteer in time of actual war. But one method of raising an army will then remain, and that is by conscription. And when military conscription becomes a standing necessity in this country, individual liberty will remain only to such as are able to buy it from the Government at the stipu-lated price. Imperialism means empire, and empire means em-peror and a large standing army. This in turn means military conscription, and military conscription means an end of individual liberty and self-government. In this way, if in no other, will the injustice of conquest abroad react upon liberty at .home. This is no fancy sketch. The world has reached a time when its great political powers are straining every nerve to develop military strength, and have armed themselves on the most gigantic scale; and any power that is to compete with them in thestruggle for territory must do the same. Commenting on the situation in England, the West-minster Gazette observes that "if the Peace Conference has produced some unanticipated results it has also been attended, by some rather ironical circumstances. There is irony in the fact that we should be threatening war in South Africa, and that our War Minister should be reminding us rather ominously of the dormant con-scription which exists even in the British empire, at the very moment when we are standing for peace and arbi- tration at the Hague." Yes; there is irony in the situa-tion; there is a collision of sentiment with facts. But it is to facts that we must look, rather than to sentiment, if we would draw conclusions that will stand the test of time. Still Seeking for Government Funds. WE made mention some time ago of the petition addressed to the Washington authorities by Cardinal Gibbons, in which he asked Congress to reconsider the whole subject of appropriations of public funds for Cath-olic Indian schools. Under a decision reached by Con-gress several years ago, such appropriations had greatly decreased and threatened to cease altogether; and the cardinal wanted this policy reversed, and the golden stream again set flowing in swelling volume from the public treasury into that of the papal church. This scheme is still on foot, and its promoters have not at all abandoned the hope of pushing it to a success-ful issue. As indicative of this such utterances may be cited as the following from the Catholic News, of August 12:Š "All who have studied the condition of the Indians in this country admit that religion and education are the two great forces that will civilize the red man. Ex-perience has shown that without the influence of religion  the Indian is sure, even after an elaborate education, to lapse into barbarism. But when education and religion are combined the result is perfectly satisfactory. In providing religion and education the Catholic Church has been more successful than any other religious body that has been working among the Indians. Notwith-standing this fact, the Government has allowed itself to be influenced by jealous and prejudiced persons to such an extent that it has absolutely cut off its appropria-tions to the Catholic Indian schools, and now these schools, which, by the way, were established at the invi-tation of the Government, are sadly crippled for lack of funds." The editor sets forth that a great and good work has been accomplished for the Indians through the Cath-olic government-endowed schools, and adds:Š "Under such circumstances the action on the part of Congress in discontinuing to make appropriation for the funds which alone can make the running of such schools possible, will hardly be considered just and fair, more especially as it was at the urgent request of the Admin-istration that the Catholic Church entered upon the work to the extent that it did. As the cause of this un-expected and unfair treatment is traceable to the fact that religion is taught to the children, it may not be amiss to state what is well known to every one ac-quainted with the work in question, that in order to suc-cessfully civilize the Indian it is necessary to Christian-ize him. "I hope and pray that this simple and short state-ment of facts may make the situation clear and induCe the legislators at Washington to promote the welfare of the natives by continuing to extend a helping hand to the devoted men and women engaged in bring-ing to Christianity and civilization the American In-dians." Congress will no doubt be besieged by the papal hierarchy of this country at its next session, and it is to be feared that Archbishop Ireland may have one of his private interviews with the President over the matter, and secure the cooperation of the Chief Executive. Rome may care something about the education of the Indians; but she certainly cares a good deal about any way to get money from the Government, and to secure governmental recognition of her claims. The education which Rome believes in and always gives her pupils is such as produces at once the most ignorant and the most Catholic peoples on the earth, as those o Ecuador, Peru, Mexico, etc. An incident that is perti-nent here was lately reported from an Italian town not manylleagues removed from the chief seat of papal au-thority. A balloon which had escaped froni one of the government's scientific stations, descended near this town, and the natives, thinking it possessed with some kind of an evil spirit, carried it to the church to be "exorcised." But while the priest was engaged in driv-ing out the evil spirit, the gas escaped from the balloon,  and an explosion followed which injured many and badly wrecked the church. All the education Rome had ever given these poor 