" IV ANY MAN REAR MY WORDS. AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE BIM NOT." - Jesus Christ. ALONZO T. JONES, EDITOR. NEW YORK, APRIL 15, 1897. VoL. 12, No. 15. Single COPY, 3 cents. The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. IS3VAny one receiving the American Sentinel withont having ordered it may.know that it is sent to him by Some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Post-office.) WE have formerly called attention to monarchical ideas that have become somewhat prevalent in this Re-public of the United States. As a faithful sentinel we are obliged to do this again, for the thing continues to crop out. Not long ago an association of women, sending a communication to President McKinley, addressed him as "honored ruler." And this is not the first instance, by a long way, in which this term has been used with reference to the President of the United States. But the principle of the Government of the United States is a "Government of the people, by the people, and for the people." The national charter of govern-ment begins, "We, the people . . . do ordain and es-tablish this Congtitution." Thus the people are the only rightful rulers in the United States. According to this principle the President of the United States is the presiding officer of the people in the organ-ization which they have formed by which they make themselves secure in the rights which they possess and according to which they govern themselves. He admin-isters the will of the people in their rulership. He gives his oath to the people that he will faithfully perform their formally expressed will. So that the people are his rulers, and not he their ruler, according to the vital principles of the national government as established. Therefore the President of the United States is not in any right sense a ruler. Now we are not saying that President McKinley holds the view that he is the ruler of the people of the United States. We are not saying that he accepted this phrase that those women used in addressing him. We are per-fectly satisfied that President McKinley understands  himself, and the people, and the Government of the United States, better than that. We are satisfied that he under-stands these things well enough to be disgusted rather than pleased with such suggestive effusiveness. We fully exonerate President McKinley from entertaining any such suggestion of monarchism. But it is impossible to exonerate from monarchical suggestion those ;who thus addressed him; and this more especially as it is only one of a number of like offenses from such source. Yet this is only one phase of the thing. The Wash-ington correspondent of the Chicago; Times-Herald is filled with it. His account of the late inauguration cere-monies was interlarded with monarchical terms. He ac-tually went so far as to refer to the presidential seat as "the throne." With him the Secretary of State is "Premier." The other Secretaries are "Ministers." The House of Representatives is "the Commons." If the presidential seat is "the throne," what is the rank of him who occupies the seat? It is only kings who occupy thrones. Thrones are associated only with mon-archs. As for the mere naked word "Premier," it means, of course, only "first in rank or position." But politically it conveys more meaning than that. Of course it is "English, you know;" and it is evident that that is one of the reasons why it is used in the United States. But England is a monarchy; and when these English polit-ical terms are used by a writer in the United States, it reveals the taint of monarchism. Politically, the Premier is "the responsible head of the cabinet." But in the government of the United States the Secretary of State is not "the responsible head of the cabinet." The President of the United States is the head of the cabinet, and he is the only "responsible head of the cabinet." Again, the Premier is "Prime Minister;" and if the Secretary of State of the United States is "Prime Minis-ter," then, of course, all the other Secretaries become Ministers. And, again, the Premier is "the representative of the country or of a party;" but in the government of the 