230 AMERICAN SENTINEL. divide like a sword. The 'unsettled question' over-turned and overturned again until in God's good time, in infinite sadness and turmoil, the settlement came. Impatient arrogance and 'derisive laughter' ill become those who preach and teach the words of Him whose gospel was justice and peace. Further, Christian men can never afford to be cowardly and impolite. It belies their professions. In this light the Philadelphia episode was not laughable; it was deplorable and un-worthy." The Flag a "Commercial Asset." "Springfield Republican." OUR Washington correspondent reports that the diplomatic corps is much interested in the question "How far the United States would go in the direction of intervention to preserve the independence of Corea and to prevent the influence of Russia from becoming para-mount in Asia." That is to say, would the United States enter a warlike combination against Russia in the far East? This is an odd question for the diplo-matic corps to be asking so soon after Secretary Hay's great diplomatic "triumph" regarding the "open door." If the "open door" has been secured, as is so strenu-ously claimed, through Mr. Hay's letter-writing, why should there be any talk about forcible intervention by the United States in Russia's plans in Asia? According to universal agreement, America has no interests in China beyond the "open door." The London Spectator's comment this week on the "open door" correspondence is very curious and brief. In the case of any other power the correspondence would be purely academic, it says, but the Government at Washington has a way of considering such Łletters as contracts, and. with the support of Great Britain, would probably not hesitate to enforce them. In other words, the correspondence is purely academic, yet the United States intends to get what it wants in Asia by using its war power. This sagacious interpretation of the situa-tion recalls the speech of John Barrett, in New York, not long ago, in which he reported Assistant Secretary Hill as saying that the United States must now have a precedent in some commercial dispute in Asia in order to prove that it purposes to enforce, even at the risk of war, its commercial program. So it appears from vari-ous sources that force is at the bottom of the "open door" question and that the United States Govern-ment's eastern program, in so far as it is developed, leads logically to problems in armies and navies. The letters that Mr. Hay has received settle nothing in be-half of peace, for within a week of their publication the question is asked if the United States would not inter-vene to stop Russia's advance in Corea, and the hint is dropped that America would not hesitate to threaten war in order to enforce her own interpretation of an "'academic" correspondence. The question said to be agitating diplomatic circles can be stated more broadly than in terms- of interven-tion in Corea, or other parts of China. Cecil Rhodes recently referred to the British flag as a "commercial asset." A great question of the near future with us is whether the American flag is to be treated as a "com-mercial asset." For years commercialism has used the Government to protect the home market from foreign competition by means of the tax power, and now it proposes to use the war power in order to secure the foreign market. Under the new program, the nation will be led into foreign wars, if need be, just as in the past it has been induced to tax itself. The commercialism of England is absolutely dominant in the British empire to-day; shall the commercialism of the United States become no less absolute, and drive the nation through immeasurable struggles in arms for the sake of the almighty dollar? Ungodliness of the "Christian Nations." THE Ram's Horn (Chicagd), which believes in the idea of national or governmental Christianity, makes a severe arraignment of the "two great Christian nations of the globe" for pursuing a course calculated to bring Christianity into disrepute. In a recent issue it says:Š "It is not pleasant to reflect that the two great Christian nations of the globe are engaged at this mo-ment in an enterprise which the Christian religion itself was designed to abolish. We Łbelieve it is impossible theoretically to reconcile any war whatever with the principles of Jesus Christ, but even granting that the contentions which the United States and England are advancing in the Orient and South Africa are just ones, it is impossible for us to think that if Christ were the physical ruler of these nations, as he is supposed to be the spiritual sovereign, a better way than that of war would not be found for securing justice. "A feature of the present situation which is to us the most disgusting is the attempt of certain Christians in and out of office to justify our hostile position by citing parallels from Jewish history. They are fond of speaking of the 'God of battles,' and of recalling the times when he used Israel as a scourge for devastating the heathen nations. That absurd parallel, however, breaks down in several points. In the first place, we have not heard that God has appointed any Moses, or Joshua, or David, to be a confidant concerning his pur-poses to destroy any particular race or its liberties. Certainly neither Mr. Chamberlain nor Mr. McKinley have offered any credentials which would validate such a divine commission. Second, we should remember that we are in a new dispensation, when God himself does not use the same methods for bringing recalcitrant nations to account as he did in the era before Christ. It would be as absurd for us to resurrect some of the abhorrent institutions of the old dispensation which God suffered for a time, like polygamy and slavery, for instance, as to appeal to ancient precedent for our justification in 