26 AMERICAN SENTINEL. dulged in. But if they are done not in a worldly manner, but in a pious, religious way, can any one object to them then? Why have a "Christian day" at the race track, and not also a "Christian day" at the bar and gaming table? In the fairs and lotteries which are now so fre-quently held inside church doors, we have an illustration of how gambling can be done in a "Christian" way; and if a bar were set up inside the church edifice, where every-thing would be very respectable, and people of good church standing might come and drink in a quiet and moderate way, would this not also be compatible with Christianity? If a thing can be made very respectable, is there anything to hinder-its becoming pious? IN all ages of the world, men have sought to shield the workings of their carnal propensities behind the idea that such acts were all right and even laudable when done in the name and under the cloak of religion. It was considered proper to hate people, and even to kill them, if it be done from a "pious" motive. If a person had committed an offense against religion, he was given a re-ligious trial, conducted by prelates of the church, and then, if convicted, it was deemed quite proper even to burn him at the stake, care being taken to keep up the religious appearance to the last by holding a crucifix before the condemned and filling his ears with religious exhortations. It was even thought quite proper to exe-cute "heretics" without the formality of a trial, when the church or the pope approved such work as being a "pious" undertaking. And since it is true that men have often found a way to "sanctify" the passion of hatred, even as manifested in the taking of human life, it is only natural that they should find ways to "sanctify" other carnal passions whose outworkings are less serious in their results. BUT the truth which is invoked by every manifesta-tion of this baneful delusion, is that such passions of the natural heart as prompt men to indulge in horse racing and gambling, or any other form of worldliness, are never so dangerous, never so wicked, never so detestable, as when clothed with the forms of piety. •s o  A Catholic Bishop on Church and State. New York Independent, December 443. BISHOP SPALDING, of Peoria, is one of the ablest and best equipped bishops in the American Catholic Church. We therefore listen with especial interest to what he has to say of. the effect in the Catholic countries of Europe of having the church supported by the state. Speaking of the religious and moral lapse of the Italians who come to this country, he says:Š "They have been led by unfortunate circumstances into indifference and even antagonism to the church. In the first place, the means and opportunities of public worship have been provided for them without their being called on to bear their share in the expense. And, since what costs us nothing we care little for, they have become callous, and have relaxed somewhat their hold upon the vital faith which is nourished by generous deeds and un-selfish devotion." This is sound American doctrine; and we cannot un- derstand why Catholics and Anglicans who find the ab-solute divorce of church 'and state so admirable in this country should so deprecate religious independenCe in England or Italy. Religious Liberty in the Argentine Republic. BY L. BROOKING.*  THE following is an article from El Faro, a periodical in the Argentine Republic, under date of Nov. 1, 1897:Š "LIBERTY OF CONSCIENCE. "The national Constitution will shortly be submitted to a constituent convention with the object to effect in it certain urgent reforms. Among these reforms figures that of liberty of conscience, which until now has been prevented by the second article that says, `The Federal Government sustains the Roman Catholic apostolic reli-gion.' There is being signed with much enthusiasm a petition asking for the suppression of the said article-This petition says very judiciously, `The separation of church and state is to day a constitutional precept of the most civilized new countries. TheUnited States of Amer-ica, a model religious country, owes to it a great part of its strength, its freedom, and active ideas; and Brazil has adopted it conjointly with (the formation of) the Re-public. The separation of church and state is" a guaran-tee that we owe even among ourselves to liberty of con-science, and a highly needful measure in this country to which flow men from all schools and of all religions. If they are to be fertile for our intellectual and moral de-velopment, it will not be by the, privileges which some of them enjoy, but by the necessity which all see to strengthen themselves with the practice of good and,  truth. The abolition of the calculated cost of worship is a wage of liberty for the actual official church, and a sign of respect to the right that the Catholics have of paying the cost of the religion in which they alone believe." Noble words these because they are true; and had that been the principle since their independence, how much purer and nobler would the lives of many of our brethren in those countries have been, as they would have had a purer standard than that of the state-supported clergy. I say "brethren" because "God hath made of one blood all nations," and they can accept the word that brings comfort to us; "God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten Son that whosoever believeth in him should not perish but have everlasting life." *Late missionary to Argentina. 