472 AMERICAN SENTINEL. and patriotic and loyal to American ideas, who will not only employ these fellows with foreign ideas and names, but will support them in their un-American and despotic conduct toward American boys who advocate sound American principles. And thousands of other school teachers, principals, etc., who profess to be Americans and patriotic and loyal to American ideas, to free speech, etc., think them-selves exceptionally patriotic in endorsing the foreign and despotic principles, and in aping the tyrannical conduct of these men of foreign ideas as well as foreign names. The people of Reading, Pa., should without delay see to it that there is placed at the head of their boys' high school a man who knows the American principles of both patriotism and free speech; and who will not make himself a despot in the interests of "patriotism." And there are just now many other places in the United States where the people should attend to the same thing. A. T. J. Alexander Campbell Vs. Societies to Promote Morality by Law. I SHALL, for the sake of argument, suppose that the members of these societies are all Christians, and that they are associated for the express purpose of suppress-ing vice and immorality by civil pains. I shall further suppose that they are about to inflict civil pains on some men of the world, who are not convicted of the crimes of drunkenness, Sabbath-breaking, and profane swearing. In this case, then, I say they are positively prohibited, both by the letter and spirit of Christianity, from exer-cising judgment and inflicting punishment upon them. The apostle, in the fifth chapter of his epistle to the Cor-inthians, when be forbids Christians to associate with or to retain immoral professors in the church (some of which he specifies as fornicators, drunkards, railers, etc.), in regard of such characters out of the church, Jae per-emptorily, and by the strongest figure of speech, prohib-its any interference, in the words (verses 12, 13), "What have I [as a Christian or ,an apostle] to do to judge them also that are without? do not ye judge them that are within? But them that are without God judgeth." No precept was ever more definite, more authoritative,  or more perspicuous, than this. It is, however, no more than following the example of the founder of Christianity, who, when solicited to di-vide an inheritance, or to use his authority between two brothers who acknowledged him a master in settling a. quarrel about an inheritance, replied, "Man, who made me a judge or a divider over you?" He confessed before a Roman governor that his "kingdom is not of this world." Consequently his servants as such have no right to interfere with men of the world in anything per-taining to God and conscience. Let the men of the world alone; let them stand by their own master and judge.  "Follow peace with all men," and take heed to yourselves and those who profess to be under your guardian care, and then your mild, peaceable, upright example will do more to reform the world than fines and imprisonment; walk wisely toward them that are without. Such is the spirit and tendency of Christianity. What a contrast! Constables, fines, imprisonment, to make men wiser and better! But I, shall place the above supposition in another point of view. I shall suppose that a society of Chris-tians assemble for the above purposes, and,  that they have before them a number of professed Christians con-victed of the aforementioned crimes: what then is the course to be pursued in relation to them? Does Chris-tianity allow or authorize them to call on the civil law or civil power to punish them?Š"Yes," says the Roman-ist; but the Protestant says, "No." The Protestant asks, "What are the means commanded to be used to-ward offenders in the Christian Church?" The Catholic replies, "Excommunications, bulls, racks, gibbets, fire, and every species of cruelty." So they said in former times; perhaps they are wiser since the establishment of the cortes and constitution. But the Protestant replies, "Admonition and exclusion, or excommunication." The heretic and immoral professors are treated alike. Hear Paul: "A man that is an heretic after the first and second admonition reject." With respect to the immoral, his words are equally plain and conclusive: "Put away from among yourselves that wicked person." After the here-tic and the immoral are excluded, from the church, they are to Christians ecclesiastically dead. They have no power or jurisdiction over them. The words of their Master are, "If he neglect to hear the church, let him be to thee as an heathen man and a publican." "But," says the moralist, "let us fleece him after he is ecclesias, tically dead; let us send after him and devour his sub-stance! Let us raise him from the ecclesiastical grave, and plunder his sepulcher. Who knows but he may be brought to life again!" If their proceedings have any meaning, if they are not deliberate robbery, such is the meaning:of them. I hope, sir, there are many members of these associa-tions who are led in unawares; but their leaders are -crafty and designing men. No people more richly deserve the ordeal of criticism, the keenness of reproof, and the fulness of exposure, than these would-be heads of the in-quisition. Of these things which I have spoken, this is the sub-stance:Š If the "moral societies" are heterogeneous, if they claim jurisdiction over all things civil, moral, and reli-gious; they are antichristian. If they are all Christians, they are prohibited from the exercise of any power over them that are not mem-bers of the churches, by the express law of Christ. And, if they were even a Christian church, and the offenders professed Christians, it is antiscriptural for them to punish them by any civil pains. 