THE`, AMERICAN SENTINEL. save men from sin by human appliances ; and modern reform agencies that ignore the gospel are doomed to like failure. The moral sentiment of irreligious people is extremely superficial and unreliable. They may be induced to vote for no-license one year, but if it be found that their taxes are increased a few cents thereby, they will wipe out all these reform meas-ures at the polls the next year. They may be persuaded to keep the Sabbath for appearance's sake, but grain exposed to a coming thunder shower will be sufficient to .convert them into Sabbath-breakers. But when a man is thoroughly saved from his sins by divine power, the question of moral reform for him is very easily settled. When there is a sweeping revival of re-ligion in town, the sale of liquor, Sab-bath-breaking, profanity, and other evils are correspondingly reduced. From these facts I am led to believe that our work as Christians is in the religious, and not in the political, fields. The gos-pel deals with the individual. Where Will It End ? THE following is clipped from the Iowa Sunday-School Teacher, for May. It cer-tainly shows that the mania for securing governmental action in closing the World's Fair on Sunday is not alone confined to our own Union, but that it has crossed the line and invaded the domain of the Queen. A deputation from the Ontario Provincial Sab-bath School Association, consisting of officers of the Association and other influential clergymen and laymen, waited upon the Government of the Domain of Canada, at Ottawa, to urge that the a ,propriation for the Canadian exhibit at the 17orld's Columbian Exposition to be held in Chi-cago, Ill., 1893, be conditioned that the gates be closed on the Lord's day, or at least the Canadian department be closed; and after a respectful hear-ing the Premier, Hon. Mr. Abbot, replied that the wishes of the Association would be carried out. Surely out of respect to Christianity, and prece-dents at Philadelphia, Paris, London, and Vienna, as well as the acknowledgment of the God of na-tions, in whom the United States of America pro-fess to trust, see American coins, " In God We Trust ;"Šthe Directors of this Exposition will close the gates on the Lord's day, and thus objectively teach the people of the assembled nations to re-member the Sabbath and keep it holy. The question is pertinent and natural, Where will this craze for governmental recognition of religious institutions end ? Principles of American GovernmentŠPersonal Rights Guaranteed. THE foundation upon which this Gov-ernment is built, and which has made it the best Government on the earth, is civil and religious liberty. This is, in fact the only true foundation for civil gov-ernment. Where individual rights are respected and guarded, we see prosperity ; but the reverse of this where these are trampled under foot, by any class who may happen to be in power. In this country as in no other, all, whether Jew or Gentile, Christian or in-fidel, stand before the law upon a level, while in matters of conscience, the most perfect freedom is guaranteed to all, by the fundamental law. This is perfectly just; for a law to be just must treat all alike, and civil governments must not recognize any one religion, but give free-dom and protection to all alike; and -taking the care that no one class of relig-ionists shall go beyond and infringe upon the rights of another class of religionists. Civil government can not decide as to which is the true religion; for should it make the attempt, it would, as in the days of Constantine, be a human decisionŠa wrong decision might be made. But to avoid the conclusion of a possible error, the next logical step would be to decide that the power that made the decision was infallible. This is just what Rome did. Governments can not decide in matters of religion; for religion is purely a matter of the heart and conscience of the individual. Each must be left perfectly free to decide in this important matter as between his own soul and his Maker. If at any time gov-ernments invade these sacred rights, the realm of conscience in any one person, true liberty is gone; for if it may invade in the one person where is the limit ? There is none. It is a grand thought that these rights are guaranteed by our national Constitution. Article yr., last clause, reads :Š No religious test shall ever be required as a qual-ification to any office or public trust under the United States. George Washington when asked if he thought religious rights were suffi-ciently guarded by the ConstitutionŠmade answer that if he thought they were not, no man would be more willing that it should be changed than himself. It is a remarkable fact that the very first Congress that ever met under the Constitution adopted the following as the First Amendment :Š Congress shall make no law respecting the estab-lishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exer-cise thereof. Thus we see it was the studied intention of the founders of this Government, in the formation of that document, that the ut-most freedom of conscience should be for-ever enjoyed by all the subjects of this Republic. However, to have forever se-cured this most desirable of all objects, one more amendment should have been adopted at that very time, prohibiting all and every State from engaging in this very work. It is a most humiliating thought with all our boasted claims of liberty, that almost every State in the Union has some law more or less stringent in matters of religion, partaking of the spirit of the Dark Ages, which, in the hands of bigotry and superstition, can be, in fact are being, made the cause of much suffering to quiet, inoffensive citizens. These laws are just so much a union of Church and State in this country. They are a blot upon our national record, and should be repealed at once.ŠH. F. P., in Labor's Tribune. Church and State in Canada. To the student of history and of politics the Province of Quebec, in the Dominion of Canada, furnishes a modern object les-son in the exhibition of the power of an established dominant Church to control the State, to develop its ecclesiastical pol-ity, and to carry out its temporal and spiritual designs unchecked, as well as to maintain and perpetuate itself by influ-encing and controlling the political action of its adherents. No modern European or American State furnishes such an example of complete spiritual unity, which is the synonym of national unity. By the census of 1881, the population of the Province was 1,359,027; of this num-ber the Romish Church claimed 1,170,000, and thus outnumbered all other sects nearly a million. Of the entire population  of the Dominion, 4,324,810, nearly two millions were members of the Roman communion. With such a preponderance of numbers it is master of the politico-religious situation in Quebec, and is able by its powerful organization and influence to direct and control legislation in its be-half in the Dominion Parliament at Ot-tawa, as well as in some, if not all, of the neighboring provinces. The extent of this power is best indicated by what it claims to have accomplished in legislation, as an important factor in the conservative party since the federation. Among the measures in which it takes a particular pride are : (a) The law estab-lislfing religious orders, under which the bounty of the State is bestowed upon reli-gious refugees from persecutions in France and other countries. (b) The law author-izing the organization of canonical par-ishes as civil corporations having a legal existence : a law which emphasizes the close relation of Church and State. (c) The law exempting ecclesiastical and reli-gious educational property from taxation, provincial or municipal. Such property in the Province of Quebec is supposed to be worth a hundred million dollars. (d) The law by which the education of all classes is put under the immediate control of a body ruled by the bishops of the Roman Church, and which was obtained by their influence. This, with the law establishing in Can-ada foreign religious orders, marks a long step backward towards the days of reli-gious propagandism, whose shackles even Italy long since cast off, declining longer to yield the control of its public schools to any religious body. In complete har-mony with this legislation is the Act of the Province, passed in 1888, giving to the Jesuits $400, 000 as compensation for their estates confiscated by the British Government; of which sum $60,000 was assigned to Protestant educational purposes to satisfy the opposition. This act of the province has been de-scribed by Goldwin Smith as " a rampant assertion of Roman Catholic ascendancy, by the endowment, out of a public fund, of an order formed especially for the sub-version of Protestantism, and at the same time a recognition of the Pope as the ec-clesiastical sovereign of Quebec." Another instance of this ascendancy is the granting of a special lottery charter by the Dominion Parliament to the Prov-ince of Quebec for church or educational or charitable purposes; such associations being classed as criminal under the gen-eral law of the Dominion. But these are but modern additions to a power almost imperial. With the consent of Great Britain, Canada was allowed to retain, with her language and law (the Code Na-poleon), the dime ecclesiastigue and the dime seigneuriale; the former still sur-vives in full vigor, the latter having been extinguished in 1854. Among the most significant victories of the Church, and, to an American, one of the most intolerant of its hierarchical measures, is the division of the public school fund. The effect of this division of the school fund instead of softening racial prejudices and increasing social harmony, has been to increase intolerance and intensify social feeling, and to create them where they had no previous exist-ence. The division of the school fund is the entering wedge of social disintegra-tion. Ultramontanism is in the ascendant. 