AMERICAN SENTINEL. 375 jects, and subsequently their refusal to serve in the army or to pay taxes for the maintenance of the military. They will never openly permit such refusals, and the guilty ones will either be punished in secret or removed from the country. "So long as the powers will not only seek to acquire new possessions (the Philippines, Port Arthur, etc.), but will insist on retaining such as have been acquired by conquest (Poland, India, Alsace, Algiers, Egypt, etc.), and so long as these powers govern their subjects by force, it is imperious that their armies be constantly increased. Private individuals will never be allowed to shift their military duties; such movements will be se-cretly suppressed. "Armies will not be diminished or abolished until men will seek to make themselves willing and unright eous slaves of others by subjecting themselves to an ani-mal training called discipline. Not until human dignity is awakened in the individual will men throw off this gall-ing yoke; and not until the true enlightenment is spread among men will human dignity inspire them. "I mean by the true enlightenment, not that which permits the privileged ones, who have mastered the sci-ences and have at their command the uses of modern in-ventions, to suppress their less favored fellowmen. I mean by the term enlightenment that which enables the individual to refuse to give his liberty, which is the foun-dation of true human dignity, into the hands of others and to be himself responsible for his own actions. Only when this true enlightenment has thoroughly permeated mankind can the armies be gradually diminished and fi-nally abolished. But this change of conditions will not be introduced with the will, but against the will of the powers. "It was recently reported that an American regiment refused to go to Iloilo. This report was received by the world with gaping surprise. It is more astonishing, however, that all the regiments of Russia, Germany, France, Italy and America, who have fought in recent times, did not do the same thing, instead of submitting themselves to the moods of others, who sent them to kill men who were total strangers to them. For when men nowadays go to war or enter the military to be enslaved by superiors whom they cannot respect it is only because they are still enthralled by the most abominable moral barbarism. "In order, therefore, to diminish or abolish armies and to ameliorate the evils they cause, it is not neces-sary to call together prodigious international confer-ences. All that is needed, I reiterate, is a true enlighten-ment of the citizens, who are constantly deceived by their rulers, even through such a conference as was called together by Russia. "In order to diminish or abolish armies, it is neces-sary to so educate men that the reports of this confer ence are not received by them with enthusiastic ap-proval, as is now the case, but with scorn and disdain, or, rather, with fear. "On the other hand, the suppressed and unknown re-fusals of individuals to render military service should be proclaimed to all the world as examples of heroism of men suffering for freedom and progress. "The armies will only, then, be abolished when public opinion will recognize the worth of these heroes and the  evil they seek to overcome. Then a new era will dawn for humanity. "I am therefore convinced that the refusals of indi-viduals to enter the army are of extraordinary import-ance. That they will free the world from militarism is true; but your idea that the conference will contribute toward this is:erroneous. The conference can onlythrow sand into the eyes of the world and hide the only means of rescue." "Uncle Sam" Not a Christian Gentleman. WE clip the following from the Union Signal, which reprints it from The New Voice, under the heading, "Too Much Uncle Sam" :Š "Is it treason to confess it? We are growing sick and tired of Uncle Sam. We have seen too much of him in the last yearŠof his short-legged trousers, his star-spangled coat, his battered hat, and his general ap-pearance of a good man gone wrong. We can't blame the old man for a bedraggled look, for he has been doing duty day and night in the newspaper offices ever since the Maine was blown up; but it is about time to give him a rest. "He never did represent the better side of American life, anyhow. You can hardly imagine him in a, quiet American family circle, doing his duty modestly and un-assumingly as father and husband day after day. As pictured, he represents the semi clownish side of Ameri-can life, the sort of man more at home in the corner tavern, with his feet on an empty beer-keg, squirting tobacco juice at the stove and bee hawing over some questionable stories, than performing the serious duties of life seriously. National aspirations of the right sort are not particularly enhanced by the 'Uncle Sam' our artists have been giving us. If that disreputable old `gent' is the true embodiment of Americanism, the pope ought to have made his condemnation of 'Americanism' twenty times as sweeping as it was. "Let the old man have a vacation, and let 'Colum-bia' and 'Liberty' run the house for a while.ŠThe New Voice. "And The Union Signal says, Amen." "Columbia" and "Liberty" are prominent figures in American history, it is true; but beside the figure of "Uncle Sam"Šespecially of late yearsŠthey shrink into insignificance. It is "Uncle Sam" that runs the politics and goes to war. It is "Uncle Sam" that figures on the practical side of things in American government. And, as is confessed, his general conduct and appearance are sadly out of harmony with the Supreme Court dictum, so much cherished by some, that "this is a Christian nation." "Uncle Sam" would evidently be out of place in a Christian church. NOW is the time to renew YOUR subscription, and pledge anew your allegiance to the Sentinel, and your support to the work in which it is engaged. In connec-tion with this note our proposition an page 382. 