THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 147 ready as to the character of this religion that has been established, but these must be stifled and not allowed to have any in-fluence so early in the investigation. How-ever Justice Brewer was certainly right, the compact and grant had in view the forming of an establishment of religion, and the Pilgrim Fathers have established a religion. It will be necessary to read these old colonial laws farther. W. H. M. Sectarian Hatred Not Yet Dead. IF any one thinks sectarian hatred a thing altogether of the past, or that an ecclesiastical hierarchy elevated to power in this country, whether under the name of Papacy or Protestantism, would not persecute or manifest an intolerant spirit toward dissenting religionists, let him read the following utterances of the Field Secretary of the American Sabbath Union for the State of Michigan, Rev. W. F. Ware, which appear in a single issue of his paper, the Michigan Sabbath Watch-man, for April, 1892:Š That the Seventh-day Adventists have done a great deal of lasting harm, particularly in this State, is very generally admitted. This is espe-cially true concerning the Christian Sabbath. Seventh-day Adventism has not a single redeem-ing quality not found in every branch of the evan-gelical Church, and all that is distinctly her own, is a mildew, blight, and curse. Where good, great, and scholarly men find diffi-culties and mysteries, Seventh-day Adventists find none. They are at home among " days," and "times," and "numbers," the most obscure "proph-ecies," and " apocalyptic visions," " horns, " "seals," and the " mark of the beast," and unblushingly per-form their slovenly gyrations where pious, reverent, and scholarly men " bashful stand." The days of Seventh-day Adventism are num-bered. They have been weighed in the balance and found wanting. The handwriting is on the wall. Belshazzar must go down. He has trifled too long with the sacred vessels of the Lord. If any of our readers think we are paying too much attention to the Seventh-day Adventists, we would remind them that we are in a deadly conflict with the foes of the Christian Sabbath. Michigan is the hot-bed, the breeding ground, the training yard, the hospital, and ought to be the burying place of this unfortunate craze, this strong delusion, this destructive sect. This State has, beyond all others, suffered the consequences of its stupendous errors. The Seventh-day Adventists were born in a craze, they live in a haze, are wild concerning days, look for a big blaze, try everybody to daze, have no scriptural stays, and are traveling downward ways. This sect, and not the world, is coming speedily to an end. Thank God, Seventh-day Adventism is on its death-bed! Such are the utterances and sentiments of the Michigan representative of that or-ganization which has taken upon itself the task of perpetuating Sunday as the Sabbath, by law. But if is not careful he will give the whole Sunday-law move-ment away. Unless he is advised to hold in a little and fire at false issues a part of the time, he will talk so plainly and reveal the real inwardness and inherent wicked-ness of the movement so clearly that no one can fail to see the object and animus of the thing. In the single issue of his paper, above referred to, he. devotes no less than ten columns of matter to this particular denomination, and all in the vein indicated by the quotations given. If he is not a little more discreet in his methods, and covert in his manner of at-tack, the American Sabbath Union may deem it necessary to call him in, and abolish its Michigan Field Secretaryship, as it did its General Field Secretaryship a year or two ago. Mr. Crafts got to in-indulging too freely in attacks upon  Seventh-day Adventists, and was for this reason relieved of his office as Field Sec-retary of the Union, as the following statements of Rev. T. A. Fernley, D. D., an officer of the Union, printed in the Philadelphia Call, of December 10, 1890, show :Š Mr. Crafts, who is not' a D. D., was Field Secre-tary of the General Union a couple of years ago. . . . He got into trouble with the Seventh-day Adventists out West, and they gave him the lie. . . . Now the American Sabbath Union is not opposed to the Adventists, and it declined to sup-port him. It resolved to enforce the rule that everything printed in its name should be first ap-proved by the Committee on Publication. Although Mr. Fernley says the Ameri-can Sabbath Union is not opposed to this particular people, its Field Secretaries some-how have a faculty of getting into "deadly conflict " with them, and seem to think themselves divinely commissioned to ex-terminate them. But in thus training their guns on this people they are not waging war upon those who are lawless or opposed to Sab-bath keeping. Mr. Ware himself admits that they are a "temperate, industrious, and generally moral people," and, as all know, they observe and teach the observance of a weekly Sabbath as certainly as does he. But it is not the Sabbath he observes. They keep the seventh day, and are opposed to law enforcing the observance of any day as the Sabbath. This is their "unfortun-ate craze," this their "strong delusion," and these their " stupendous errors." Be- cause they teach that the seventh day, and not the first, is the Sabbath, and that the State can of right have nothing what-ever to do with the teaching of religion, or the enforcement of any religious rite or institution, for these reasons they are styled a " destructive sect." Their teach-ing of these things is, with these men, the very forefront of all offending. Mr. Ware says they are "trying to bring our Sab-bath laws into disrepute, and to destroy all regard for the day [Sunday] itself ;" and further, that "they have broken down, in the minds of many thousands of people, their respect for this precious day." This they have done by showing from the Scriptures that another day is the Sabbath of the Lord, and that what is the Lord's should not be rendered to Csar. Because they have succeeded in doing this in many thousands of cases, they have "trifled too long with the sa-cred vessels of the Lord," and have done such " lasting harm" to the State. Mr. Ware is not alone in claiming that harm has been done to the State by the teaching on the part of this people that the seventh day is the Sabbath, and that Church and State should not be united. Rev. W. M. Colby, pastor of the Method- ist Episcopal Church of Galesburg, Mich., writes him as follows:Š It affords me great pleasure to express my hearty approval of the great and good work in which you are engaged. . . . It needs no prophet to see that if you continue your work in the State the backbone of Seventh-day Adventism will soon be broken in Michigan. You are doing the Sabbath-observance cause great service. The Seventh-day Adventists have done our State a great deal of harm. Ł It will be noticed, however, that it is only those religionists and doctors of di-v.inity who differ with this particular people upon a purely religious question, that are putting forth this claim that they are doing harm to the State. But this is simply the old charge over again. Thus the Jews accused Christ: " We found this fellow perverting the nation,  and forbidding to give tribute to Ctesar." The same charge was brought against Paul and his companions by those who made the highest pretensions to religion and piety in those days, " the Jews which believed not," together with " certain lewd fellows of the baser sort," with whom they, being moved with envy, had associated themselves for the purpose of making an assault. They said: " These all do contrary to the decrees of Csar, saying there is another king, one Jesus." The teaching of Protestants has ever been regarded by Romanists as harmful to the State. Baptists back in the colonial days were likewise considered by the Puritans as disturbers of the State because they broke down in the minds of many their respect for sprinkling. But in all these cases the harm done to the State was simply the teaching of certain religious doctrines which were not in harmony with the views of those whose creeds were more popular, and whose religious practices had become entrenched behind the civil law. In other words, the damage done to the State was the teaching of what the priests and religious leaders of the day regarded as heresy. And what, we ask in conclusion, has ever been held by such as the punishment due to heretical disturbers of the State, when once their religious animosities, lying in ambush like a masked battery, have been well aroused ? Let Dens, a standard Romish authority, answer :Š Are heretics rightly punished with death? Saint Thomas answers, " Yes, because forgers of money, or other disturbers of the State, are justly punished with death" : therefore, all heretics who are for-gers of the faith, and experience being witness, grievously disturb the State."ŠDens, Vol. II, No. 56, page 89. Such was the charge and such the ver-dict of the Jews against Christ; of the rabble against Paul and his companions; of Romanists against Protestants; and of Puritans against Baptists and Quakers. And such is already the charge of profes-sed Protestants against Christians who teach that the seventh day is the Sabbath, and such will yet be the verdict that will be rendered against them. Revelation 13:15 is yet to be fulfilled: "And he had power to give life unto the image of the beast, that the image of the beast should both speak, and cause [decree] that as many as would not worship the image of the beast should be killed." W. A. COLCORD. How Many Did They Represent? AT a hearing before the Quadro-cen-tennial Committee of the House of Repre-sentatives in Congress, Col. Elliott F. Shepard stated that he and his associates who were present to speak in favor of. congressional legislation for closing the World's Fair on Sunday, represented the sentiment of the entire religious element of this country, and placed the number of Christian people at about fifty millions. Now I should not care to say that Mr. Shepard had wilfully misstated this mat-ter, but I am sure that the facts do not warrant the statement. In the first place, there is a very great difference between the belief that the Fair ought to be closed on Sunday, and that it ought to be closed by an act of Congress. While there are a few who still hold the old Puritan idea of using the State to enforce their religious sentiment, there are a great many more who have grown out of that narrow view, 