OCTOBER 29, 1896. AIVIERAI.C.AN SETCTIIMMILA 341 May the sweet face of Heaven shine in infinite pity upon the poor deluded souls who think they are doing God service in their efforts to subvert the Constitution, and men's liberties under it. And may Heaven's twice blessed mercy be on and about the poor peo-ple who have respect for Jesus Christ and their right to worship God, when these people shall have accomplished their purpose. ŠA . T. Jones. IS IT CHRISTIAN ? BY A. F. BALLENGER. WITHIN the last three years a church move-ment, denominated "Christian Citizenship," has been organized. Of its growth the Chicago Times-Herald says :Š The marvelous growth and influence of the Na-tional Christian Citizenship League challenges uni-versal wonder and admiration. The organization was incorporated under the laws of Illinois last March [1895]. Previous to that date a local organization existed in this city, which had spread to some extent throughout the State. Since the movement has run from city to city and State to State with a rapidity and spontaneity that is amazing even to those who have given it motion.' The object of the league as officially ex-pressed is as follows:Š Christian Citizenship maintains the supreme right of Christ to rule municipal and national as well as private affairs. . . It is not so much a new or- ganization as a federation, a tying together of exist-ing forces for the purpose of making the will of God to be done on earth.' A call issued by the league in October, 1895, and printed the same month in its official organ, the Christian Citizen, contained the following quotations:Š In the name of the Lord of Hosts. A summons to the followers of Christ to unite against his enemies. . . . With the conviction that the time has come for a great forward movement, and that God will util-ize the league to prepare the way of his kingdom, we urge all Christians to take instant steps for the organ-ization of local leagues, and their affiliation with the central body.' This remarkable document is signed by men representing all the prominent Protes-tant denominations and organizations. Probably outside the league itself the most potent promoter of its principles is to be found in the Christian Endeavor Society. This society declared in Resolution VI., adopted in the Boston Convention in 1895, that "Christian Endeavor stands always and' everywhere for Christian Citizenship." One department of its work is devoted to "Chris-tian citizenship" by which the principles of this new movement are taught the young people of this mammoth organization. A report of the Boston convention speaks thus of the enthusiasm with which Christian En-deavor indorses the "Christian Citizenship" movement:Š But in nothing was the great gathering more re-markable than in the prominence given to the Chris-tian Citizenship idea, the intense enthusiasm with which every mention of the subject was greeted.' This new movement speaks thus regarding the relation of the Church to politics:Š Taking an interest in politics does not mean that the minister of the gospel should bring politics into the pulpit, but it does mean that he should take his pulpit into politics. It does not mean that he should Issue of October, 18, 1895. 2  "The Christian Citizenship League, Its Purposes and Plans," by Edwin D. Wheelock. President of the National Christian Citizenship League, 158 La Salle St., Chicago, Ill. 2  Christian Citizen (Chicago), October, 1895. Christian Citizen.  bring politics into the church, but it does emphati-cally mean that the church should be translated into political power.' In order to bring the object of this move-ment still more clearly before the mind of the reader let one more quotation be sub-mitted:Š From the Latin Fathers and the theologians of the medieval ages we Christians have inherited a false distinction between things secular and sacred that has long retarded the kingdom's triumphant coming on earth; but the newer conception of the kingdom of God as a reign of righteousness, to be consum-mated now and here in human society is so leavening the great mass of Christian sentiment that the disci-ples of the Son of man are again coming to take the place intended by their divine Master in the practical redemption and regeneration of mankind.' The foregoing facts and quotations clearly show that the "Christian Citizenship" move-ment is an attempt on the part of the Protes-tant organizations of the country to control civil government with a view to the establish-ment of the kingdom of God, a reign of right- eousness, now and here in human society by means of human law. The most important questions that can be asked in this connection are, "Is this move- ment Christian or anti-Christian? Did Christ desire that the Christian Church should pos- sess and use civil power for the redemption of mankind?" God at one time controlled civil as well as religious affairs through his church. The " church in the wilderness," or the theocracy.  of Israel governed by immediate direction of the Lord, both in things temporal and spir- itual. But there came a time when the Lord took from his church control in civil matters. He announced this decision through the prophet Ezekiel, in the following words: " And thou profane wicked prince of Israel [king Zedekiah] whose day is come when in- iquity shall have an end. . . Thus saith the Lord God; Remove the diadem, and take off the crown: . . I will overturn, overturn, overturn, it: and it shall be no more, until he come whose right it is; and I will give it him." In fulfillment of this prediction the Israel-ites were made the civil subjects of the Bab-ylonians, and later turned over. to the rule of Medo-Persia, Greece, and Rome, as these nations in turn appeared as rulers of the world; and finally the last vestige of its civil polity was brought to an end and this people scattered throughout all the world at the destruction of Jerusalem by Titus. When Christ appeared, the Jewish church was thirsting to regain the civil supremacy. This desire overshadowed all else; even his disciples looked forward and planned for this expected event. Matt. 20:21, 22. They were therefore offended because the Lord submitted to the civil authority and allowed himself to be taken and crucified. Matt. 26: 31. At one time the people attempted to compel him to usurp civil authority and rule as king. John 6: 15. The Jewish church leaders interrogated him on this point with the question, " Is it lawful to give tribute unto Caesar or not ?" Matt. 22: 17. In other words, " Is it right for the Church to submit to the civil power ? or should it rule in civil things as it once did ? Have you come to restore to the Church its coveted civil supremacy or not ?" The Saviour answered, " Render therefore unto Ciesar the things which are Cwsar's, and unto God the things that are God's." In these words the Lord reiterates the decision of Ezekiel and leaves the Church where that Christian Endeavorer (Chicago), August, 1896. Ł Christian Endeavorer, March, 1896. decision placed itŠsubject to the civil au-thority in civil things; and this was one of the principal reasons why the Lord's own Church rejected him as the Messiah and crucified him as a malefactor, because he denied to his Church the long-sought civil supremacy. To the objection that this applies to the rejected Jewish church and not to the Chris-tian church, it is enough to answer in the words of the Saviour, Ł‚ My kingdom is not of this world: if my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight that I should not delivered unto the Jews." John 18: 36. No civil supremacy can be main-tained without fighting, or the use of carnal weapons, and since Jesus has forbidden his disciples to fight for the maintenance of his kingdom (John 18: 10, 11), therefore his kingdom cannot rule in civil things in a sin-ful world. This truth was reiterated through the apostles Paul and Peter. Paul writes, " Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers. . . For this cause pay ye tribute also. . . Render therefore to all their dues: tribute to whom tribute is due, custom to whom cus-tom." Rom. 13:1, 6, 7. Peter gives ex-pression to the same thought in the words, " Submit yourselves to every ordinance of man for the Lord's sake; whether it be to the king as supreme; or unto governors that are sent by him for the punishment of evil do-ers." = 1 Peter 2: 13, 14. The New Testament teaches that Christians should submit to the civil power in civil things, but does not teach that his Church should seek to regain civil power. This has been taken from the Church never to be re-stored, "until he come whose right it is," and then it shall be given to him. Of tis time the prophet speaks thus: " In the days of these kings shall the God of heaven set up a kingdom, which shall never be de-stroyed; and the kingdom shall not be left to other people, but it shall break in pieces and consume all these kingdoms, and it shall stand forever." The kingdom of God is to be realized by the coming of the Son of Man in the clouds of heaven, the destruction of earthly king-doms, and the purification of the,  earth by fire (2 Peter 7:13), and not by the usurpation of the civil supremacy of earthly kingdoms by a backslidden church. Every attempt of the Church to regain the civil power which the Lord has taken from it, has brought ruin to both the Church and the State, and drenched the earth with the blood of the saints. Since it is contrary to the will of Christ that the Church should control in civil affairs, it follows that any movement which attempts to do this, instead of being entitled to the name " Christian Citizenship," is in truth antichristian in principle, and in the image of the papacy which has always been the advocate of "Chris-tian Citizenship," and the possessor of, or pretender to, the civil throne. Ł  A WARLIKE PEACE. [Christian Advocate, October 15, 1896.] EVERY term is relative. The newspapers are speaking of the Victorian age as one of peace. A woman consulted a lawyer to begin proceedings for a divorce on the ground of intolerable cruelty. But a few weeks later he found it impossible to get from her the facts necessary to enable him to draw up the papers, and on demanding whether she had changed her mind, she replied, "Not exactly 