VOL. 11, No. 43 344 NEW YORK, OCTOBER 29, 1896. V ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. THE letter on page 342, from D. W. Reavis concerning the Philpott indictment, is inter-esting matter. The facts as stated in the letter show clearly that the Grand Jury in indicting Mr. Philpott as they did, for vio-lation of the " law," were themselves guilty of violating law. As stated by us some weeks ago, the law of Tennessee gives grand juries inquisitorial powers only in certain cases. In all other cases some citizen must take the initiative, furnish the evidence, and sign the indict-ment as prosecutor. It is evident that in this case the grand jurors themselves took the initiative, summoned witnesses, and then without any authority endorsed upon the in-dictment the name of one of these witnesses as prosecutor. We believe that there have been other similar cases in Tennessee. We know that at the July session of court in Lake County, the grand jury summoned witnesses, and took every step in the finding of indict-ments up to the point of endorsing some name upon them as prosecutor. No one was willing to appear in that role, and so the indictments were not returned into court. The proceed-ing, however, was not the less illegal, simply because it was not fully carried out. Grand juries in Tennessee have no business to insti-tute such proceedings in " nuisance" cases. THE suggestion of the judge to appoint the attorney general prosecutor ex-officio was like-wise contrary to law. The court has power to appoint the attorney general prosecutor ex-officio when, he is satisfied that a crime has been committed, and no one appears to prose-cute; but the appointment must be made be-fore the indictment has been found and for the purpose of securing it, and not afterwards. It is too late to make such appointment when the case comes up for trial. However, we do not wish to censure the judge. It does not appear from the record that he was at all dis-posed to persist in this matter, and indeed we have priyate information that he made the suggestion only to give the attorneys an op-portunity to argue the question, as he wished to hear what they had to say upon it. He is said to be a fair-minded,-honorable man. THE gospel is the wisdom of God embodied in a plan to win back the human enemies of Christ to a state of loyalty to him. Therefore a summons sent forth "in the name of the Lord of hosts," " to the followers of Christ, to unite against his enemies," is not a summons  to gospel work, but to the opposite of that work. God and Christ are not "against" their enemies, as the representatives of the " Christian citizenship" idea would teach by their "summons" to Christ's followers. "For God so loved the world [his enemies] that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life." John 3: 16. And " God commendeth his love toward us, in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us." Romans 5: 8. Those who unite in a confed-eracy now against the enemies of Christ, or those whom they may deem such, may rest as-sured that they are working at cross purposes with the world's Redeemer. WHAT our country needs is not the en-thronement of Christ in political parties or in the civil government, but his enthronement in the hearts of individual citizens. "The kingdom of God is within you." The body is the temple of God, and the heart is his. throne. The kingdom is now the " kingdom of grace." It will not be the kingdom of glory on this earth until Christ comes in glory to set it up, and the new Jerusalem, its cap-ital, descends in glory from God out of heaven, as set forth in Rev. 21: 2, 10, 11. " DESTROY the Sabbath and you abolish the church," says the advocate of Sunday laws. But no man or organization of men can either destroy the Sabbath or the church. For fifty years the seventh-day Sabbath has been making steady headway against all op-position, and is to-day gaining ground more rapidly than ever, though contrary to the popular practice, and without the aid of a single human law, and even against that law in many places. What the Lord is back of, man cannot destroy; and if he is not back of a religious institution, the sooner it is de-stroyed the better: APROPOS to our first-page article is this thought: It is contended by some that "the Christian being an ambassador for Christ can have no more part in the affairs of an earthly government than the English ambassador could hive in the affairs of the United States." Bat to us it does not seem that the cases are at all parallel. The ambassador of Christ is not accredited to nations, but to in-dividuals. His mission is not to induce men ' to turn from the governments of this world to God, but from Satan to God. Neither is it the business of an ambassador of an earthly government to induce men to transfer their allegiance from one government to another; but his business is to adjust differences be-tween his government and that to which he is accredited, and to see that the rights of the citizens of his own government tempora-rily living under the government to which he is sent are protected. But surely the duty of the Christian is not to adjust differences be-tween the governments of earth and the gov-ernment of God. To so assert would be to  deny the former proposition that the Chris-tian could have nothing to do with the affairs of earthly governments. Neither can we be-lieve that it is the duty of the Christian to concern himself chiefly with the rights`-of Christians as such. His mission is, pre-eminently, to beseech mesa to be reconciled. to God. THE following from the Western Watchman (Roman Catholic), is significant:Š Tell the truth. Rome removed Bishop Keane. Car-dinal Satolli advised the measure. The Germans had nothing to do with it. Rome did not want the young priests of America to be taught Pelagianism. The advocates of the doctrine that any form of Protestant-ism is better than no religion at all, claim Cardinals Manning and Newman for their contention. Neither of the English cardinals was regarded as a theologian in Rome, and at the time of their death neither en-joyed the slightest influence in Rome. Pelagianism must be stamped out. Man is in the supernatural order, and whether pagan or Christian, is obliged to tend to his supernatural end. Grace is an aid to that end. The church is a guide to that end. Protestant-ism in all its forms leads the pilgrim astray. Protest-antism is a siren. It sings to the seafarer and allures him to the breakers. Protestantism is the enemy of God; of God's truth; of God's Church. It is not better than nothing, because good for nothing. It is to be hoped that such utterances by the Roman Catholic press will have the effect of opening the eyes of Protestants generally to the fact that "Rome never changes." THE recent annual meeting of the Roman Catholic archbishops of the United States at Washington, D. C., was preluded by a state-ment issued by Cardinal Gibbons on the morn-ing of 22nd inst., to the effect that the utmost harmony exists among their members, inclu-sive of the Catholic University directors, and there are absolutely no factional or sectional differences; adding: "The election of the candidates for the rectorship was practically unanimous. To speak of the triumph of this or that party, of conservatism or liberalism, Americanism ior nationalism, is to entirely misrepresent the whole situation." The cardinal added that "all the members are equally American in spirit ;" which is not saying much, however, since Romanism is utterly opposed to the principles of free gov-ernment. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Published Weekly by Pacific Press Publishing Co. ORGAN OF THE International Religious liberty Association. PRESIDENT,  ALLEN MOON, VICE-PRESIDENT, - - A. T. JONES. SECRETARY, - A. F. I3ALLENGER. Single Copy, Per Year, $1.00. ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 29 Bond Street, New York. 