236 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. England thought to reconcile the Amer-icans to the tax by reducing the price of tea. But the plan was a complete failure..  What did the colonist care for a few pal-try cents when a principle was in danger ? So it is in our present struggles for the maintenance of American principles. Madison, one of the very men engaged in the cause of liberty at that time declared that the same stand must be taken, in our opposition to religious legislation. In urging the Virginians to oppose giving a cent of State money for the furtherance of religion he said :Š It is proper to take alarm at the first experiment upon our liberties. We hold this prudent jealousy to be the first duty of citizens, and one of the noblest characteristics of the late Revolution. The freemen of America did not wait till usurped power had strengthened itself by exercise, and en-tangled. the question in precedents,. They saw all the consequences in the principle, and they avoided the consequences by denying the principle. We revere this lesson too much soon to forget it Who does not see that the same authority which can establish Christianity, in exclusion of all other re-ligious, may establish, with the same ease, any par- ticular sect of Christians, in exclusion of all other sects ? that the same authority which can force a citizen to contribute three pence only of his prop-erty for the support of any one establishment, may force him to conform to any other establishment in all cases whatsoever ? And it might be added : Who does not see that the same power that can deprive you of one day's time, can deprive you of your time altogether; or the same power that can confiscate what you earn on one day in the week, can confiscate what you earn on every day in the week ? The laws now existing and proposed, to de-prive a certain class of American cit-izens of one-seventh of their time (Sun-day), or in case of violations of the law to deprive them of the wages earned on that day, are a direct assault at the very first principles of American liberty. And if these measures are left to go unchal-lenged, our free political system is endan-gered. Just so was the political system of England endangered in the last cen-tury. In order to properly present the American position on the Stamp Act to Parliament, " Pitt hastened from a sick bed to the House of Commons," says Fisk, " and delivered those speeches, in which he avowed that he rejoiced in the resistance of the Americans, and declared that, had they submitted tamely to the measures of Grenville, they would have shown themselves only fit to be slaves. He pointed out distinctly that the Amer-icans were upholding those eternal prin-ciples of political justice which should be to all Englishmen most dear, and that a victory over,the Colonies would be of ill-omen for English liberty, whether in the Old World or in the New. Beware, he said, how you persist in this ill-considered policy. In such a cause your success would be hazardous. America, if she fell, would fall like the strong man with his arms around the pillars of the Consti-tution.'  " There could be no sounder political philosophy than was contained in these burning sentences of Pitt. From all the history of the European world since the later days of the Roman Republic, there is no more important lesson to be learned than thisŠthat it is impossible for a free people to govern a dependent people des-potically without endangering its own freedom."ŠAmerican Revolution, page 26. The same danger is hidden behind the Sunday laws. If Sunday-keepers make an illegitimate use of the power delegated to the Government, by depriving Sabba-tarians or agnostics of the free use of their time, that violation of liberty will endan-ger the security of all our liberty, and as a natural consequence, is likely to injure themselves. In fact, Sunday laws do, in truth deprive every single individual in their jurisdiction of their full liberty. Mr. Justice Burnett points this out in his Cal-ifornia decision declaring Sunday laws unconstitutional :Š The fact that the Christian voluntarily keeps ' holy the first day of the week, does not authorize the Legislature to make that observance compul-sory. The Legislature cannot compel the citizen to do that which the Constitution leaves him free to do or omit, at his election. The act violates as much the religious freedom of the Christian as of the Jew. Because the conscientious views of the Christian compel him to keep Sunday as a Sabbath, he has the right to object, when the Legislature invades his freedom of religious worship, and as-sumes the power to compel him to do that which he has the right to omit if he pleases. The prin-ciple is the same, whether the act of the Legisla-ture compels us to do that which we wish to do or not to do. The compulsory power does not exist in either case. These are some of the reasons why Sab-batarians are so much alive to the dan-gers of the present religio-political agi-tations. These are some of the reasons why they oppose a Sunday law just as earnestly and just as faithfully when it has a clause exempting them as when it does not. A law with a clause exempt-ing them would not hurt them personally, but it is just as much a violation of Amer-ican principles, and therefore calls forth all their power in defense of our estab- lished institutions. W. A. BLAKELY. Ł "Sunday Slavery." THE point which Łthose interested in a rigid Sunday closing during the World's Fair, and in the enactment and enforce-ment of strict Sunday laws, State and national, are just now emphasizing with great vehemence, is the so-called " Sun-day slavery," of this country which has heretofore been unwittingly called " The land of the free." As one listens to a portrayal of the sufferings, endured by these modern, slaves, he imagines himself back in the fifties, and needs but to close his eyes to imagine he hears the clanking of the fetters and the crack of the slaye-trader's lash, as the midnight chain-gang moves sadly by. At a Union meeting recently held on  the north side of the city of Chicago for a general discussion of the Sunday-closing question, one of the speakers indulged in a passionate portrayal of our present " American slavery," and urged that the slaves be emancipated by the enactment and enforcement of what he was pleased to term a " civil Sunday law," promising in case of such an emancipation, that the Church would undertake to give them the moral and spiritual Sabbath education which they so much needed. The next speaker introduced was a prominent minister of the city who stated in the preface to his remarks that he was present to corroborate what the speaker had just said regarding Sunday slavery ; but he had not expected that this slavery would come so close home as it had. " Only to-day," [Sunday] said the speaker, " my son came home late to dinner from the establishment where he is employed, having worked during the forenoon." And he further declared he had received a call the same day from an old lady whom he stated barely escaped " Sunday slavery " by telling her employer that she would not work on Sunday. So extremely ridiculous did these ex-amples of Sunday slavery make the pre-vious address appear that one was left in doubt for a moment as to whether the minister was speaking in irony or whether he was in earnest. But as the chairman did not ask him to give place to one who was friendly to the objects of the meeting it was apparent that the speaker was actually in earnest. By this undiplomatic utterance, it leaked out that this awful slavery could be escaped by simply refus-ing to be a slave,Šthat the minister's son was still a slave either because he wanted the additional wages which resulted from his Sunday work, or he did not have the moral stamina or the loyalty to principle that the old lady had who escaped from " involuntary servitude " by saying that she valued her loyalty to God more than her Sunday earnings or even a remuner-ative position. Ministers' sons are proverbially lax in their, loyalty to the principles taught them by their clerical parents, but usually ministers do not take advantage of Union meetings to advertise this unfaithfulness on the part of their children. To say the least, it seems a little inconsistent for ministers to be continually asking for laws to compel their children and mem- bers of their congregations to stop work on Sunday. This may seem to some to be an unfair way of stating the matter, but a minister of Englewood recently stated that one of the chief causes of the laxity with which Sunday was observed by the masses was the desecration of the day by the church members themselves. This same divine in the same address ad-vocated the enforcement of a strict Sun-day law which, he hoped, would bring about a reform, not only among non- 