.:. The Story of .:. 'Main rsland BY ROSALIND AMELIA YOUNG, A Native Daughter. DITCAIRN ISLAND, one of the volcanic gems of the Pacific, has been heard of wherever the English language has been spoken. The story of the working out of the problem of human life on its limited territory Reads stranger and more thrillingly in many respects than a romance. But most if not all of the tales told and books printed have either been too fragmentary, or incorrect and misleading. It will be in-teresting to the friends of that miniature world to know that An Authentic History has been written, and that by a native of the island, one to the manor born. The title of the new work appears above. It is written by Miss Rosa Young, one of the direct descendants of the mutineers of the Bounty. The book, of 256 pages, is a plain, unvarnished tale of Pit-cairn and its inhabitants from its settlement to the year 1894. It is written with a Charming Simplicity of Style which refreshes the reader and invites a continued peru-sal. This work is illustrated with 26 engravings by the half-tone process, and its 23 chapters have each a neatly engraved heading. PRICE $1.00, POSTPAID. Thousands can be sold by those who will canvass their neighborhood. Address any State Tract Society, or Pacific Press Publishing Company, Kansas City, Mo. Oakland, Cal. New York City. STEPS TO CHRIST, By Mrs. E. G. White. We take pleasure in announcing an important and exceedingly helpful work, under the title of STEPS TO CHRIST. The rare ability of the author in the pre-sentation of Scripture truth has never been used to better advantage than in this little work. STEPS TO CHRIST is not alone suitable as a guide to the inquirer and young convert, but is rich in thought and sug-gestion for the most mature Christian. Some idea of its scope and practical character may be gathered from the following table of contents:Š THE SINNER'S NEED OF CHRIST. REPENTANCE. CONFESSION. CONSECRATION. FAITH AND ACCEPTANCE. THE TEST OF DISCIPLESHIP. GROWING TIP INTO CHRIST. THE WORK AND THE LIFE. KNOWLEDGE OF GOD. THE PRIVILEGE OF PRAYER. WHAT TO DO WITH DOUBT. REJOICING IN THE LORD. The book is issued in a rich, neat cloth binding, em-bossed in silver, at 75 cents per copy ; in white vellum cloth, silver edges, $1.00. Sent by mail, post-paid, on receipt of price. Address Pacific Press, 43 Bond Street, New York City. or Oakland, Cal. cAVEATURADE MARks COPYRIGHTS. , CAN I OBTAIN A PATENT ? For a prompt answer and an honest opinion, write to MUNN diz co., who have had nearly fifty years' experience in the patent business. Communica-tions strictly confidential. A Handbook of In-formation concerning Pa tents and how to ob-tain them sent free. Also a catalogue of mechan-ical and scientific books sent free. Patents taken through Munn & Co. receive special notice in the Scientific A in eri cn n, and thus are brought widely before the public with-out coat to the inventor. This splendid paper, issued weekly, elegantly illustrated, has by far the largest circulation of any scientific work in the world. $3 a year. Sample copies sent free. Building Edition, monthly, $2.50 a year. Single copies, '25 cents. Every number contains beau-tiful plates, in colors, and photographs of new houses. with plans, enabling blinders to show the latest designs and secure contracts. Address MUNN & CO., NEW YORK, 361 BROADWAY. MAY 30, 1895. A.104[1WIEtICA.N 175 Christian church since the death of Christ, and was purely a church regulation. The observance of either rests with the conscience of the individual, and the laws of a free coun-try are supposed to protect every individual in the free exercise of his own conscience, pro-vided he does not interfere with the rights of others." And here the Progress raises the questions: " Is the United States of America a free coun-try ? Are men to be deprived of freedom of conscience that interferes with no other's rights ? Press and public are pointing and should continue to point the finger of scorn at the States which retain laws which make religious persecution possible." The Evening Press, of Ogden, Utah, has some editorial comments concerning Sunday laws. The friends of these laws say that they do not "attempt to interfere with the rights of individuals to worship on Saturday and keep it as the Sabbath if they choose." "Aye," says the Press, "there's the rub. These Sunday laws do not seek especially to prevent persons from worshiping on Saturday and keeping it as the Sabbath if they choose, but they do say that those who believe that it is a religious duty to worship on the seventh day shall not pursue their ordinary and necessary avocations on the first day. Such laws, we firmly believe, are subversive of human liberty. They have been passed and enforced in defer-ence to the' religious opinions of a minority, not a majority of the people. They seek and do deprive others who have different religious convictions, or no convictions at all, from en-joying themselves on a particular day, even though it involve no open desecration or in-terference with the rights of those who con-sider the first day of the week the Sabbath. The States which maintain these unjust, re-strictive and oppressive laws are not specially noted for the morality, sobriety, and intelli-gence of their people. Tennessee is a good example of this factŠa State where more than 100,000 of its citizens can neither read nor write. " We contend that the advocates of Sunday observance have no right to ask the State to require of others conformity with their relig-ious faith or doctrine, and that it is not the province of the State to enforce by law obe-dience to the rules of any religion. When it goes beyond this and seeks by law to interfere with personal rights and to restrict the liberty of the citizen to enjoy himself in any manner he sees fit, proVided such enjoyment does not interfere with the rights of others to do the same, in our opinion, the State does something which is repugnant to the American Declara-tion of Independence and contrary to the spirit of the National Constitution itself." Religious Intolerance. [From the Coast Advocate, Half Moon Bay, Cal., April 241 THE dispatches announce that the governor of Tennessee has pardoned the eight men who were serving sentences in the jail of Rhea County for violating the Sunday law of that State. The pardon was granted on recom-mendation of the judge in whose court the men were convicted, and who had previously remitted the fines, leaving only the costs of the trial charged against the prisoners, which could not be remitted. It is also reported that a number of other citizens of Rhea County have been arrested for violating the Sunday law, in that they attend to their usual duties on the first day of the week, after hav-ing rested on the seventh day, as they believe the Lord commanded them. This Rhea County affair seems to be liter- ally persecution, as in many other parts of Tennessee as well as in that county, ordinary avocations are followed by people who profess no religion, without the law being enforced against them. At any rate, the punishment of citizens of any State in the Union for the non-observance of a religious law, or of a law commanding obedience to a religions doctrine, is contrary to the spirit of our Government and repugnant to our ideas of justice and equality. The State has just as much right to command its citizens to join a particular church as to religiously observe a particular day as holy. To admit the State's right to do either, is to admit its right of control over individual conscience. California has already admitted the entering wedge of obnoxious religious laws by the pas-sage in the last legislature of the barbers' Sunday closing law, which compels every bar-ber to close his shop at noon on Sunday. Such a law is so clearly unconstitutional, in that it is the grossest kind of class legislation, that all the lawyers in the State are wondering how the governor could have signed it after a duped legislature had passed the bill. If barbers must close at noon on Sunday, why not everybody ? Why should they be particu-larly favored, or otherwise ? Let us stop stages and trains and buggy riding and fishing and picnics, in fact everything but going to church and Sunday school, and arrest every man, woman and child who does not attend church at least once on Sunday without a valid excuse. That is the logical conclusion of the move-ment. And then, to complete the scheme, there should be an annual tax to support the church. Either that, or keep Church and State apart, as the builders and defenders of our Constitution decided we should, and let each person worship God as seemeth best. barge Type I 1 I 13E,1-4';S  For Those with Poor Eyesight We have many inquiries for a Bible of con-venient size to use and carry, and with large clear print. The Bible, specimen type of which is shown below, we think will meet the require-ments of the case. (Specimen of type shows only one column of the Bible. It is a two-column book like most Bibles, the full size of page being SX x in.) Persons desiring such a Bible as The burnt offering EXOD 32 And Aaron and his sons shall eat the flesh of the ram, and the bread that is in the basket, by the door of the tabernacle of the con-gregation. 33 And they shall eat those things wherewith the atonement Specimen of Small Pica Type in Bible No. 1730. this are usually elderly persons, andwant simply the Scriptures themselves, without helps or refer-ences. This Bible contains a Family Register, Tables of Weights and Measures, and 16 excel-lent Maps, but has no references or other addi-tional matter. It is printed from clear, new, small pica type, and is bound in French Morocco, limp round corners and has gilt edges. Sent postpaid on receipt of price. Order by number. PRICE: No. 1730. French Morocco, Limp Covers, Round Cor-ners, Side and Back Title in Gold, Gilt Edges, Postpaid, $2.00. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PTIBEISHING CO. OAKLAND, CAL. 