  '6  TT' ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE RIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ.   VoL. 13, No. 18. NEW YORK, MAY 5, 1898. Single copy 3 cents.       °The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. oar Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it'is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it (Entered at the New York Post-office.) THE "force" which represents Christianity is the Holy THE blood that counts in the Christian warfare is the 'blood of Christ. THE best protective armor that was ever devised is the "shield of faith." No law of man ever contributed to the stability of the government of heaven. THE best declaration of independence is an acknowl-edgment of dependence on God. Ł .-4  THERE is tremendous power in a thirteen-inch shell, fired from a modern navy cannon; but there is infinitely greater power in one word of God. .1, A THE church is about the only body of intelligent peo-ple in civilized lands who cannot see that the future of the world is dark with the clouds of war. IF God cannot preserve the Sabbath in the earth without the aid of civil governments, it is because he cannot preserve Christians; for Christians always observe the Sabbath. You cannot appreciate the Sabbath unless you ap-preciate God; and you cannot appreciate God so long as  you think you must have the help of an earthly power to enable you to do right. THE giant of war has at last been roused from_ his slumbers, and he does not mean to go to sleep again until he has imposed' a heavy task upon civilization. "THE Sabbath was made for man," and when God had finished making it for man he gave it to manŠto every man. And what is needed now is not more of the gift, but more people to accept the gift and appreciate it. "Peaceful" War. WAR is a terrible thing; and it was never more terri-ble than it is and must be to-day, by reason of the deadly elements with which modern science has supplied it. Ap-preciating this fact, but convinced that hostilities are a necessity of the situation, the Government is conducting a "peaceful" blockade of Cuban ports, the commanders of the naval forces having been instructed not to fire into the cities nor against the forts of the enemy. A blockade of course means the cutting off of supplies, with the object of forcing the enemy to choose between starva-tion and surrender. But wherein is it worse to kill people by a bombard-ment than to kill them by starvation? Starvation is a lingering form of death and attacks every individual in the beleaguered place, while a bombardment would at the worst be short and would leave many of the inhabitants uninjured. There can we think be no question but that a bombardment is more merciful to a city than a "peace" blockade, when the blockade is, as it is meant to be, ef-fective. No, Mr. President; you cannot conduct war in a peaceful manner. WarŠif it is war in factŠis the oppo-site of peace, everywhere and always. There is no use trying to make real war by Christian and humane meth- 