APRIL 10, 1894. Amn.htteA.N gMiNPrItNitta.-, 125 Human law seeks to restrain conduct by the deterring influence of fear. Divine law is the eternal standard of moral principles as well as the gauge of human conduct, and therefore must stand, whether obeyed or violated. Human law is simply an expedient for the restraint and regulation of conduct, and if inoperative and unsuccessful, has no reason for its existence. The Mail and Express has always been an outspoken National Reform and Sab-bath Union organ. From the standpoint of these organizations, such views as the Mail and Express has here adopted, are rank heresy. These views, however, are just and right and truthful,Šlet the Mail and Express hereafter consistently cling to them. The Proposed tAmendment to the Con-stitution. DURING the past month an amendment was introduced in the House of Repre-sentatives by Mr. Morse, and in the United States Senate by Mr. Frye, proposing the acknowledgment of God and Christ in the Constitution. The people represented by the movers of said amendment are making strenuous efforts to accomplish their end, and it be-comes a solemn, imperative duty to those realizing the danger involved in the pro-posed change to raise their voices in oppo-sition in unmistakable terms. The meaning and object of the proposed amendment cannot be misunderstood. It is an entering wedge for the establishment of a union of Church and State. It is to render subservient to the demands and dictates of some particular religious de-nomination a Government hitherto free and independent, and untrammeled by any influences that have no bearing upon the secular interests common to all the people of this wide land. It is an attempt which, if successful, would place a stum-bling block in the way of a continued healthful and harmonious development of our national Government. It is a menace to personal freedom, a death blow aimed at the highest and most treasured priv-ilege of the citizens of a free landŠreli-gious liberty. Let us calmly and dispassionately con-sider the question from various points of view. The framers of our Constitution omitted from it any reference to dogmas and be-liefs of any religious sect or creed. Was such an omission unwise ? Did it not rather leave our national Government free from any harassing entanglement in sec-tarian issues, free to devote its undivided attention to the peaceable advancement of those interests in which all the people, without regard to religious belief, were equally concerned ? Or was that omission in any wise harm-ful or detrimental to the cause of religion and its development? On the contrary, it proved an inestimable benefit for the pros-perous, because free, unhindered, peace-ful growth of all the various creeds into which the heterogeneous mass of the American people is divided. During the last hundred years a great nation's rever-ence and love for a Constitution proclaim-ing freedom of thought and action did not prevent, but rather stimulated that deep sense of religious reverence and devotion that may be said to be peculiar to the American people. Nowhere on the face of the globe has the cause of religion se-cured a firmer hold than at the firesides 'and within the hearts of the people of this free Republic. Side by side, in ever  increasing numbers, cathedrals and churches, temples and synagogues, si-lently but eloquently proclaim a prevail-ing religious tendency, deep enough to ever spread its ennobling influences, and at the same time, broad enough to fully and cheerfully recognize the God-given, glorious privilege of freedom of mind and conscience. Only under a free Constitu-tion, guaranteeing equal rights to all, to the exclusion of none, such results could be obtainable. Or was that omission, we may further-more ask, in any way sinful or wicked ? Did it bring down upon our nation the wrath and anger of an offended Deity, which now, after a hundred years, it be-comes the duty of pious men to appease by the proposed amendment ? Unparal-leled in the history of the world has been the progress and prosperity of our nation. The gracious love and mercy of Almighty God has favored a nation that wisely en-grafted upon its statute books the under-lying principle of all religion: Love of man, justice, and equity! I make bold to delare that the adoption of that amendment would render us un-worthy of the divine favor we hitherto enjoyed, for it would imply a flagrant violation of the sacred principles to which as a nation, we heretofore adhered. Es-pecially is the recognition of the divinity of Christ contrary not alone to the First Amendment to our Constitution, declaring that " Congress shall make no law respect-ing an establishment of religion," but also to the very preamble in which it is pro-posed to be inserted : " We, the people of the United States, in order to form a more perfect union, establish justice, insure do-mestic happiness, . . . and secure the blessing of liberty to ourselves and our posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution of the United States." There are millions of true, law-abiding citizens in this country, Jews as well as non-Jews, unexcelled in their love for and allegiance to the country of their birth or adoption, dissenting from that proposition of the proposed amendment. And an adoption thereof would prove the opposite of insuring domestic tranquillity, the op-posite of establishing justice and securing the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity; a high-handed measure, in-deed, destined to throw the firebrand of ever-increasing dissensions between creed and creed, utterly incompatible with American fairness, statesmanship, and patriotism. Futile attempts have been made again and again to establish a union between Church and State by various propositions. The introduction of this amendment appears a clumsy effort to attain all desired ends by one bold sweep. Its adoptionŠwhich is hardly to be feared Šwould logically lead to more or less direct abrogations of the rights of non-conformists and their, at least, partial disfranchisement. It would reverse the wheel of progress, even to those dark days when the Pilgrim fathers, forgetful of their own bitter experiences, would not extend to others the religious liberty they had sought for themselves. . . May our zealous friends realize that their leaning upon the strong arm of govern-ment for the support of religious dogmas may be so construed as to point to the weakness of their cause, to their inability to strengthen or uphold it by the power of persuasion and conviction. The Czar of Russia may glory in unifying the con-sciences of his subjects by the strong arm  of State laws and at the point of the bay-onet. Our political friendships for holy Russia should not carry us so far as to prompt us to adopt the methods of her supreme autocrat. Let our good Christian friends rather adhere to the principle laid down by the founder of their religion : " Render there-fore unto Cwsar the things which are Caesar's, and unto God the things that are God's! " Let them desist from mixing politics with religion. Let Church and State forever remain separate, and our country will continue to prosper; and the various denominations, working side by side, hand in hand, peacefully and har-moniously, will thus be best enabled, each in their own way, to improve the man-hood and womanhood, the moral and spir-itual welfare of the masses, instilling into all hearts love and reverence for God, law, and religion, without the need or aid of any reference to God and religious dogma in the fundamental law of our Constitution. The inviolable sacredness of that docu-ment has been recognized by our brightest minds and noblest patriots. Handed down to us by the fathers as a sacred legacy, tried for more than .a century and never found wanting, it must be preserved at all hazards in its pristine purity. And as Americans and as Jews we shall ever solemnly protest, as we do now, against any attempted encroachment upon the fundamental principles of our Constitu-tion, fervently joining in the warning cry that arises in its behalf from millions of loyal hearts : " Hands off ! Touch not mine anointed ! "ŠRev. L. Stern, in Jewish Messenger. The. Province of Civil Government. ALTHOUGH much has been said and written upon this subject, yet there is one feature to which, as it seems to the writer, but little, if any, more than simple refer-ence has been made. That is the realm and province of religion and worship in its priority of existence. It is evident that both civil government and religion were ordained of God. Civil government was not needed and was not called out until after the fall of man. If man had remained loyal to his Maker, had not sinned, and thereby became a selfish being, there would have been no necessity for civil government. But because of sin, in yielding to the temptation to gratify self, man became so supremely selfish as to be altogether unable to conduct himself in a becoming manner, not manifesting even due civility toward others, unless aided by the power of God, or restrained by some organization of society. This organization is called civil government. And the necessities of man's condition as a fallen creature called it into existence. Not so with religion or worship. Of course, religion, in the common acceptance of the word, is any system of faith and worship. But primarily, the word is used to refer to the performance of those duties that man owes to his Creator, and forms a principle of obedience to the divine will. And worship is to adore and reverence with supreme respect and veneration; to perform acts of adoration; to perform religious service. It needs no argument to prove that all this was in existence before the fall of man; indeed, before his creation even, dating even back to the beginning of the life of the first created 