210 CAN Vol.. 9. No. 27. with the spirit of Christianity." Yet . this order was not suffered long to remain. A distinction was very soon asserted be-tween the bishop and the elder, and the bishop assumed a precedence and an au-thority over the elder, who was now dis-tinguished from,  the bishop by the title of presbyter " only. This was easily and very naturally accomplished. For instance, a church would be estab-lished in a certain city. Soon, perhaps, another church or churches would be es-tablished in that same city, or near to it in the country. These other churches would look naturally to the original church as to a mother, and the elders of the original church would naturally have a care for the others as they arose. It was only proper to show Christian respect and deference to these; but this respect and deference was soon demanded, and au-thority to require it was asserted by those who were bishops first. AGAIN: as churches multiplied and with them also elders multiplied, it was neces-sary, in carrying forward the work of the gospel, for the officers of the church often to have meetings for consultation. On these occasions it was but natural and proper for the seniors to preside; but in-stead of allowing this to remain still a matter of choice in the conducting of each successive meeting or assembly, it was claimed as a right that the one orig-inally chosen should hold that position for life. THUS was that distinction established between the elders, or presbyters, and the bishops. Those who usurped this perma-nent authority and office took to them-selves exclusively the title of " bishop," and all the others were still to retain the title of " presbyter." The presbyters in turn assumed over the deacons a suprem-acy and authority which did not belong to them, and all togetherŠbishops, pres-byters, and deaconsŠheld themselves to be superior orders in the church over the general membership, and assumed to themselves the title of " clergy," while upon the general membership the term " laity " was conferred. IN support of these three orders among the " clergy," it was claimed that they came in proper succession from the high-priests, the priests, and the Levites of the Levitical law. "Accordingly, the bishops considered themselves as invested with a rank and character similar to those of the high-priest among the Jews, while the presbyters represented the priests, and the deacons the Levites." t THESE distinctions were established as early as the middle of the second century. This led to a further and most wicked in-vention. As they were now priests and Levites after the order of the priesthood of the former dispensation, it was neces-sary that they also should have a, sacrifice to offer. Accordingly, the Lord's supper was turned into "the unbloody sacrifice." Thus arose that which is still in the Roman Catholic Church the daily " sacri-fice " of the mass, discussed in these col-umns three weeks ago. With this also came a splendor in dress, copied from that of the former real priesthood. *Neander's "History of the Christian Religion," Vol. 1, Sec-tion Second, part i, div. i, A, par. 5. 1-Mosheim's "Ecclesiastical History," Century ii, part ii, Chap. ii, par. , Maclaine's translation. THE estimate in which the bishop was now held may be gathered from the fol-lowing words of Ignatius in the second century :Š It is manifest, therefore, that we should look upon the bishop even as we would upon the Lord himself. It is well to reverence both God and the bishop. He who honors the bishop has been honored of God; he who does anything without the knowledge of the bishop, does (in reality) serve the devil.t The next step was for certain bishops to assert authority over other bishops; and the plea upon which this was claimed as a right, was that the bishops of those churches which had been established by the apostles were of right to be considered as superior to all others. As Rome was the capital of the empire, and as the church there claimed direct descent not only from one but from two apostles, it soon came to pass that the Church of Rome claimed to be the source of true doctrine, and the bishop of that church to be supreme over all other bishops. In the latter part of the second century, during the episcopate of Eleutherius, A. D. 176 to 192, the abso-lute authority of the Church of Rome in matters of doctrine was plainly asserted in the following words :Š It is incumbent to obey the presbyters who are in the church,Šthose who, as I have shown, possess the succession from the apostles; those who, together with the succession of the episcopate, have received the certain gift of truth, according to the good pleasure of the Father. Since, however, it would be very tedious, in such a volume as this, to reckon up the successions of all the churches, we do put to confusion all those who, in whatever manner, whether by an evil self-pleasing, by vainglory, or by blindness and perverse opinion, assemble in unauthorized meetings (we do this, I say); by indicating that tradition derived from the apostles, of the very great, the very ancient, and universally-known church founded and organized at Rome by the two most glorious apostles, Peter and Paul; as also (by pointing out) the faith preached to men, which comes down to our time by means of the succession of the bishops. For it is a matter of ne-cessity that every church should agree with this church, on account of its preeminent authority. . . . Since, therefore, we have such proofs, it is not necessary to seek the truth among others which it is easy to obtain from the church: since the apostles, like a rich man depositing his money in a bank, lodged in her hands most copiously all things pertaining to the truth : no that every man, whosoever will, can draw from her the water of life. For she is the entrance to life; all others are thieves and robbers. When this unwarranted authority was asserted during the bishopric of Eleuthe-rius, it is not at all strange that his imme-diate successor, Victor, A. D. 192 to 202, should attempt to carry into practice the authority thus claimed for him. The oc-casion of it was the question of the cele-bration of what is now Easter, as related last week. This action, of Victor is pro-nounced by Bower " the first essay of papal usurpation." Thus early did Rome not only claim supremacy, but attempt to enforce her claim of supremacy, over all other churches. Such was the arrogance of the bishops of Rome at the beginning of the third century. THE character of the bishopric, in A. D. 250, is clearly seen by the words of Cyprian :Š Not a few bishops who ought to furnish both ex-hortation and example to others, despising their divine charge, became agents in secular business, forsook their throne, deserted their people, wandered about over foreign provinces, hunted the markets for gainful merchandise, while brethren were starving in the church. They sought to possess money in hoards, they seized estates by crafty deceits, they increased their gains by multiplying usuries. t "Epistle to the Ephesians," chap. vi. and "To the Smyr-limns," chap. ix. SIreneaus " Apinst Heresies," book iv, chap. xxvi, par. 2; book iii, chap. iii, par. 2; and book iii, chap. iv, par. 1. I "On the Lapsed," chap. vi. As the bishopric became more exalted, and arrogated to itself more authority, the office became an object of unworthy ambition and unholy aspiration. Arro-gance characterized those who were in power, and envy those who were not. And whenever a vacancy occurred, un-seemly and wholly unchristian strife arose among rival presbyters for the vacant seat. " The deacons, beholding the pres-byters thus deserting their functions, boldly invaded their rights and privileges; and the effects of a corrupt ambition were spread through every rank of the sacred order."* These discussions gave an opportunity for the further assertion of the dignity and authority of the bishopric. Cyprian, " the representative of the episcopal sys-tem," as Neander relates, declared that--- The church is founded upon the bishops, and every act of the church is controlled by these same rulers. . . . Whence you ought to know that the bishop is in the church, and the church in the bishop ; and if any one be not with the bishop, that he is not in the church. f Ł He insisted that God made the bishops, and the bishops made the deacons, and argued thus :Š But if we [bishops] may dare anything against God who makes bishops, deacons may also dare against us by whom they are made. Not long afterward, there arose another subject of controversy, which caused much contention with far-reaching consequences. As the bishops arrogated to themselves more and more authority, both in disci-pline and doctrine, " heretics " increased. Whosoever might disagree with the bishop, was at once branded as a heretic, and was cut off from his communion, as Diotrephes had counted as a heretic even the apostle John. Upon this point, Cyprian, the rep- resentative of the episcopal system, further declared :Š Neither have heresies arisen, nor have schisms orig-inated, from any other source than from this, that God's priest is not obeyed; nor do they consider that there is one person for the time priest in the church, and for the time judge in the stead of Christ; whom, if according to divine teaching, the whole fraternity should obey, no one would stir up anything against the college of priests; no one, after the divine judg-ment, after the suffrage of the people, after the con-sent of the co-bishops, would make himself a judge, not now of the bishop, but of God. No one would rend the church by a division of the unity of Christ. He therefore argued that if any person was outside of this system of episcopal unity, and was not obedient to the bishop, this was all the evidence necessary to demonstrate that he was a heretic. Con-sequently he declared that no one ought " even to be inquisitive as to what" any one " teaches, so long as he teaches out of the pale of unity.' In this way the truth itself could easily be made heresy. OF the condition of the bishopric in 302, when the Diocletian persecution began, Eusebius says : " They were sunk in neg-ligence and sloth, one envying and revil-ing another in different ways, and were almost on the point of taking up arms against each other, and were assailing each other with words as with darts and spears, prelates inveighing against prel-ates, and people rising up against people, and hypocrisy and dissimulation had arisen to the greatest height of malignity." Also *Mosheim's "Ecclesiastical History," Century iii, part ii, chap. ii, par. 4. 1-Epistle xxvi, chap. i. Epistle lxviii, chap. viii. t Epistle lxiv, chap. iii. §Epistle liv, chap. v. 