714 AMERICAN SENTINEL. No State Aid for Religious Purposes. UNDER this heading the Chicago Times-Herald of November 8 prints the following, in answer to a report that Archbishop Ireland had requested the Government to pay transportation for Catholic priests to be sent to the Philippines. It is worthy of note in this connec-tion that Rome is steadily pressing for new concessions from the Government, and that she has an advantage in the precedent alreadyestablished by the Government's support of chaplains for the army and navy, etc. On principle there is no reason for agreeing to support one army chaplain, and then refusing to support other proffered chaplains, Protestant or Catholic, under the plea that it would be contrary to the Constitution. There is no principle which allows the Government to maintain religious offices in the army and navy, and refuse to pay the costs of transportation in the cases in question. When the Government has taken one step in supporting a religious office, it violates no principle by taking additional steps in the same direction, no matter how far it nay go. The principle was violated ',in the very first step. The Times-Herald states what ought to be the standard of government under the American Constitu-tion, but apparently does not see that this standard is far above the reality which is allowed by the American people. It says:Š "It is reported from Washington that Archbishop Ireland has requested that Catholic priests be sent to the Philippines at Government expense and that Secre-tary Root has denied the request. There will be no surprise over the secretary's decision, but it certainly is astonishing that a man of the archbishop's intelligence should ever have made any such suggestion. "The only justification for the plea, apparently,was a reference to the lack of chaplains in the army. His grace proposed that they should be recruited from his church, which was very meagerly represented, and promised that the church would care for the new men after they had arrived at their destination. In his reply Mr. Root said that the question of future support was of no consequence and that the law on the subject was prohibitory. Chaplains could be sent out only under an express provision, and they were already numerous enough if those in the service would obey the War Department and proceed to the islands when they were ordered there. "There is in all this no discrimination against any particular religious denomination. It applies to Pres-byterians, to Methodists and to Baptists as well as to Catholics, and the promise in explanation of the plea weakens instead of strengthening it. This it does because it suggests an ultimate purpose, which has nothing to do with the army. The Government is virtually asked to pay the transportation charge of missionaries. That would surely be a very questionable precedent to estab-lish. Missions are maintained by all denominations in all parts of the world, and there could be no distinction between them. Priests and ministers, Catholic and  Protestant, would be encouraged to demand of the treasury that it should pay their fare to every part of the known world. "The proposition thus broadly put would provoke a protest from all believers in the American principle of the separation of church from state, and as it is more narrowly stated by the archbishop, it would start a war among the denominations themselves. In either ease it is indefensible, nor would its acceptance, if that were possible, be of any advantage to church work. Mission-ary effort to be of any real value must have its origin in absolute self-sacrifice and devotion. It should seek nothing from the Government, everything from the in-dividual and society. State aid is always significant of sinecures and -the absence of earnest and thoroughly sincere endeavor." Why Men Do Not Go to Church. From the "Homiletic Review." MEN stay away from church because they do not want to go; that is the simple, naked truth about the matter. The question, Why do they not want to go? is another matter. Various answers may be given to it. Many have doubtless become so secularized as to have lost out all sense of their sinfulness and lost con-dition. and so, all sense of need of salvation. These men are not under any such moral pressure as would lead them to attend church. They have nothing to go for. Indeed, they usually have some other place to which to goŠto the clubs, the races, etc.Šand the going to which shows that it is not "overwork" that keeps them from church. There are other non-churchgoers, who have some appreciation of sin and salvation, who have been church-goers, but who find nothing in the church services that meet the needs of their lost souls. They become weary of moral essays, reform harangues, political diatribes, socialistic platitudes, and sensationalism generally, and so let their wives and daughters do the church-going. Another reason doubtless is that the religious at-mosphere and the newspapers are so permeated and saturated with the new infidelity that discredits the Bible and practically dispenses with sin and salvation that multitudes have been turned against the churches that still hold to these vital truths and regard the Bible as the Word of God. Why should men go to church if the Bible is a mass of myths and legends, if there has never been any fall "except a fall upward," and if sin is only an incidentŠpraiseworthy rather than otherwise Šin the evolutionary struggle for progress and perfec-tion? And this calls up still another reason, and that is that much of the preaching has lost its grip on the souls of men, because there is nothing in it concerning the vital Bible doctrines of sin and atonement that always 