AMERICAN SENTINEL. 349 like creatures were. There came into contact with this man another, who invented not, but had analyzed and assayed his fellows. The two formed a partnership ; the last mentioned at once changed the name of the liniment. He called it, let us say again, "St. Patrick's Salvation Ointment." He never even suggested any change in the formula. But, in a few years, those partners were wealthy. THUS are men swayed by words. And when you talk about "godless education," you seem to many to make a great point for the Bible in the public schools. But, in fact, the phrase is utterly irrelevant. What is the trouble about a "godless education," so far as a school is con_ cerned ? The school is established to teach things of this world, not of the next. What has "godliness" to do with the Latin grammar? In what different way would a godly man explain the solution of a problem in quadratic equations, from the way in which an ungodly man would elucidate the same subject? What is the distinction between a godly and an ungodly map of the United States? BUT religion is an important part of education. True, but it is not all of education; nor is it a part with Ivhich any but a parochial school has anything to do. The origin of the parochial school is easy enough to trace. It originated in the selfishness and laziness of parents. The parent's bounden duty to inculcate in the mind of his growing child the truths of religion, the obligation and the joy of a religious life, is shifted on the shoulders of the clerical master of a parochial school. It is a con-venient arrangement, and saves a world of trouble to a really conscientious parent. When such a pious person turns his eyes public school-ward, it seems hard to him that he cannot by its means relieve himself of as much responsibility as he can get rid of through the instru-mentality of a parochial school, which costs him a good deal more money than the other. If the Bible is read to his boy at school, then he can spend the evening with the newspaper instead of pondering with the little fellow over the Sermon on the Mount, and be easy. A PROMINENT actor preached in a Western pulpit some days ago, aŁnd took occasion to say that if there were no vicious audiences there would be no vicious plays. This is true enough, but it hardly constitutes an excuse for those who produce vicious plays. That men have vices is no justification for those who make a living by pan-dering to them. While there are many clean and beauti-ful plays, and many honest, upright men and women, no doubt, upon the stage, it is a fact, unless the philosophers of all the ages are wrong, that the moral atmosphere of the play house is distinctly worse than that of the com-munity at large. Perhaps nobody is to blame for this  in particular; it may be that, humanly speaking, it is the unpreventable result of the environment. THE actor has no home, and no home life for the greater part of the year. He is a wanderer among men. He has no social environment to brace him up on every side. He is forced to keep bad hours, and to live with more or less irregularity. Moreover, there is probably something that tends, at any rate, to weaken the ties of self-respect in his business. To be always "personating" Što live in an artificial world, night after nightŠto seek applause by the very skill with which you bury yourself from sight, and feign emotions which you do not feelŠto cater constantly to the many headed, the thoughtless, the butterflies of societyŠthese things may be considered as drawbacks to the higher life and the ideal moral state of mind. Ł*- -0 -4- -4- Sabbath-Keepers Persecuted in Delairare. Cheswold, Del., May 21st, 1897. EDITOR AMERICAN SENTINEL:Š Brethren Leslie Munce and Robert Williams will spend Sabbath, May 22, behind the cold bars of a prison cell, because they choose to serve God rather than man. The particulars of the case are as follows:Š Mr. J. Thompson, justice of peace at Cheswold, Del., called Brother Leslie Munce at the hour for trial and said: " Leslie Munce, you are charged with doing work on the 25th day of April, 1897, the sabbath day. What have you got to say ?" Bro. Munce: "Not guilty." "Robert Williams, you are charged with a like offense, what do you say?" Robt. Williams: "Not guilty." Mr. John Carney was the first witness for the prose-cution. Justice, to Mr. Carney: "Now, John, tell us what you know about this case. Did you see Leslie Munce doing work on the 25th day of April last, the sabbath day?" Carney: " Yes, sir; on the 25th day of last April I saw Leslie Munce go along the road with a grubbing hoe on his shoulder going toward the church, and he went to the church and stayed a while and came back and went over in the field and went to digging up sprouts; and this man, Robert Williams, picked them up and carried them to the woods and threw them in the woods. And that, sir, is what I saw him do." Justice, to Maud Carter (second witness): "Tell us what you know about this case of Leslie Munce and Rob-ert Williams Did you see them doing work on the sab-bath day?" Maud Carter: "Yes, sir, I did see Leslie Munce digging up bushes. I was out to Uncle Will Morgan's and I saw Leslie Munce grubbing up bushes and Robert Williams picking them up and throwing them in the woods. That, sir, is all." Justice: "Now, Leslie Munce, what do you say?" 