"If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, / Judge him not: for I Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World."  VOLUME 9. NEW YORK, MARCH 1, 1894. NUMBER, 9.    American Sentinel. PUBLISIIED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BONI) STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. CALVINMP.u.noi=EANN:  ASSOCIATE EDITORS, IT is well worth while to take a look at the facilities which are all made ready to Rome's hands, and which she can use in effecting her purpose to take possession of the Government and people of the United States. THE chiefest of these is the apostasy of professed Protestants, which has so blinded their eyes that they cannot see that Rome is now what she always was, but causes them to insist always that she has become enlightened, liberalized, modernized, and Americanized, and is therefore to be, not only implicitly trusted, but aided and. admired. CLOSELY akin to this apostasy, in fact the direct descendant of it, is the coward.. ice of professed Protestants in all things wherein Rome is prominent. We use the word cowardice advisedly, for no such word as apathy or listlessness will in any Łsense fit the case. No word but the word cowardice will properly characterize the course of many, very many, professed Protestants who have not gone so far in apostasy as, like the Independent and its kind, to be the apologists, the aiders, and the abettors of Rome. FOR those, who have not gone so far as that in apostasy, do see many of the en-croachments of Rome which seriously threaten the peace of the country and the liberties of the people, and do even ac-knowledge that they see these things; yet they have not the courage to expose these encroachments and follow them up as the cause deserves, and even acknowledge that they have not the courage to do so. This is the truth, as we personally know it. As one preacher, who by request had pre-pared and read, in a ministers' meeting, a paper on " Romish Aggressions in the United States," said afterward, "Yes, that is all true, but I don't propose to make a crank of myself by following it up pub- licly. I prepared that paper because I was requested to do so for the occasion, and that is all I shall do about it." THE treatment which Bishop Coxe's " Letters to Satolli,." received, and which the bishop himself received on account of them, from professed Protestants, is a good illustration of what we are calling attention to. The best portions of his most impor-tant letter to Satolli, we reprinted in these columns, January 11, 1894. Anybody who is not totally blinded by Romish gloom, can see that Bishop Coxe stated the exact truth with regard to Mr. Satolli's mission, and place, and work here. It was to be expected as a matter of course that con-fessed Catholics would resent and de-nounce and ridicule both Bishop Coxe and his statements. But as a matter of fact professed Protestants did the same thing, who could muster up courage to speak on the subject at all, and practically all the rest simply said nothing. This shows that he who would openly oppose Rome and her mischievous workings must also meet the opposition of professed Protestantism. Professed Protestant papers ridiculed the bishop's statements, and rebuked the bishop himself for his " discourteous " and " disrespectful" address to Mr. Satolli. If those persons had lived in Luther's day they would have done the same things toward him for his plain and disrespectful " open letters " etc., to Leo X., and Henry VIII., and others of their ilk. All of which only shows how completely degen-erate is the professed Protestantism of to-day. IT is true that, as we pointed out at the time, although Bishop Coxe's sounding of an alarm was truly put and perfectly ap-propriate in itself, yet it is really robbed of its force from him by the fact of the bishop's unfortunate connection with the religio-political movement of professed Protestants which committed the Govern-ment of the United States to the guardian-ship of religion, and so created the occasion for Satolli's mission and work here. But commending and emphasizing the bishop's statements with reference to Rome's ag-gression and mischievous workings here, while pointing out his unfortunate posi-tion,Šthis is a vastly different thing from ridiculing his statements and rebuking  him for discourtesy and disrespect to Satolli and Rome. One is Protestantism of the strictest and most consistent sort; while the other is everything else than true Protestantism of any sort. So long, therefore, as one class of professed Protes-tants are the constant apologists, aiders, and abettors of Rome; and another class are afraid to make public what they actu-ally see and know of Rome's mischievous designs ; and yet another class are so com-pletely handicapped by their own conduct as to destroy the effect of what they do say against Rome's designsŠthese three classes forming the vast majority of pro-fessed Protestants,Šit is evident that, so far as Protestantism is concerned, Rome has practically a clear field in which to push herself forward to full possession of the country and all that is in it. IN addition to this, it is the plain truth that Rome practically controls the press of the whole country. All the leading publications throughout the land are con-trolled directly, by being owned, or man-aged, or edited by Catholics; or indirectly by fear of Rome's influence against those who do own, or manage, or edit them if anything were printed therein which should incur her displeasure. So that it is next to impossible to get into any prom-inent publication any kind of a fair state-ment of the case against Rome and her workings in the United States. If any one doubts this he can find it demonstrated to his satisfaction by simply trying it. So certainly is this so, that any paper that devotes any material portion of its space to this subject loses caste at once and is set down as a "disturber of the peace," a "sower of discord," and "a stirrer up of civil and religious strife." So that, therefore, so far as the press of the country is concerned, Rome has also a clear field in which to go forward on her declared mission of pos-sessing America for herself. ALL these which we have mentioned, important as they are, are yet but of small moment as compared with the field of law which is as fully open to her as is any of the others. 1. All the States in the Union but two have laws requiring the observance of the very chief of all. Rome's institutions, the 