168 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEVER in the history of civilization, probably, was there a time when the sound of war so reverberated throughout the world as it does to-day. No great war is actually in progress; but everywhere there are hurried preparations for a war which, when it does come, will be greater than any which has darkened the pages of human history. * * THERE is war in Cuba, and war in prospect between Spain and the United States. The great powers of Europe are growling at each other over the division of Chinese spoils. Japan has addressed a warlike note to Russia, and the latter government is straining every nerve to hurry troops to her Pacific Coast. England is fighting the Mandi in Central Africa and the rebellious tribes, in Northern India. In South America, Argentina is getting ready for a conflict with Chile. In Crete, affairs between the MOslems and the "Christians" are anything but quiet; and the spirit of apprehension and preparation for im-pending strife has invaded every civilized country on the globe. * * THE world is rapidly approaching a condition of things in which the only people in it who will retain the blessings of peace, will be Christians. The Christian is, above all others, a man of peace; he is a follower of the Prince of Peace, and a partaker of the divine nature, which is peace-loving. The ChristianŠand he aloneŠal-ways has peace; not a figurative, imaginary peace either, but a literal peace. He knows that he has it, because he realizes its presence in his soul. And never does he realize it more fully than when in the midst of external strife and commotion. * * IN the case of the ChristianŠand of him aloneŠthere is an impenetrable barrier between the spirit of that without him, and the spirit within him. The spirit with-out him is the spirit of the world; but he is "not of this world." If he were of this world, then the spirit of the worldŠthe spirit of strife and unrestŠwould find a re-sponsive chord in his heart, and he would feel and be act Ł uated by the same spirit. He who is of the world must partake of the spirit of the world; and at a time like the present he cannot but be moved by the spirit of unrest, of strife, of covetousness, of revenge, which is creating universal turmoil throughout the earth. IT is a time to call to mind the words of the psalm- st: "Ile that dwelleth in the secret place of the Most High shall abide under the shadow of the Almighty." Ps. 91:1. In the time of confusion and conflict to which everything earthly is now tending, it will be of inestima-ble value to dwell in the "secret place," shut out from the' world, where is the abiding presence of peace. But first there must be in the heart a repetition of that miracle upon the Galileean Lake where the voice of the Son of God said to the tempest, "Peace! be still!" And these are always the first words spoken by Him when the heart is opened for his admission. * IT would be useless to think of engaging in war with-out partaking of the spirit of war. And the spirit of Christianity is not the spirit of war, when the war is to be fought with carnal weapons. Not that Christianity does not stand for justice and the relief of the oppressed. It does this, and to the very fullest extent. But it oper-ates not through the agency of carnal weapons, but by the power and the sword of the Spirit. The giving of supplies of food to the starving Cubans is the expression of the spirit of Christianity; but as much could not be said for the killing of Spanish soldiers, in which work many "Christians" are now expecting to engage. "The Son of man is not come to destroy men's lives, but to save them." * * * IT cannot be said that justice and mercy have been more promoted in this world by the sword than by the spirit of Christ. All history testifies to the contrary. "The pen is mightier than the sword;" the voice of truth mightier than the roar of the cannon. The "still small voice" heard by the listening prophet upon Horeb, was the expression of a mightier power than was represented in whirlwind and earthquake and fire. Christianity stands to-day, as it has ever stood, for the promotion of justice and of judgment, of prosperity and of peaee, in the earth, by the use of the most powerful and effective agency that has ever promoted these blessings since the world began. * * WE have not a word to say against civil government or politics, as regards their necessity for this world, or against the propriety of one who is of this world engag-ing in them. Civil government must be in this world, and there can be no possible way of administering its affairs better than by officials chosen by popular ballot. We only say that a ChristianŠone who has been called out from the worldŠcannot consistently engage in pol-itics. He cannot be of the world and not of the world at the same time. For he is under a different government than any on the earthŠa government of God, which is the kingdom of God within him. As Jesus said to his dis-ciples, "The kingdom of heaven is within you." This is a literal fact; this kingdom and government are literal, just as much so as an earthly government is literal. 