JUNE 8, 1893. gEN`FrINIHAL.A. 183 holy benediction to keep you straight to the faith of your ancestors, which is not only the great assur-ance of success, but it is the highway to the imme-diate presence of the living God. I am not much inclined to the common saying, "You must be obedient unto your wives." I never was yet en-abled to do that, as I have been officiating around the holy altar. But, sir, you are entitled not only to give us instruction from your high place, but order, now I have this little chance to give you an instruction, I tell you, be obedient to her. I have but one word more to say, sir, and this gives me more pleasure than most men who are addressing you in these days. I am afraid of late hours. You ought to be refreshed when you talk with a man who represents 2,500, people who do not want a single office. [Applause.] In conclusion Dr. Craig invited the President to visit the Assembly; after which Mr. Cleveland responded in these words :Š I assure you it affords me much personal gratifi-cation to meet on this occasion the representatives of that great religious denomination which has done so much to make our people better and hap-pier, and which is associated with so many tender and pleasing incidents of individual experience. The thought is also in my mind that in the light of my public duties and responsibilities there is a pro-priety in extending to you a welcome to this home of the Nation's chief executive. We still profess to be Christian people. This means that no public officer of high or low degree should be unmindful of the restraints of religious sentiments. It means that the religious teachings of our people should lead them to exact from those who make and exe-cute their laws a recognition of these restraints. It means that the rules which a popular religious sense approves should underlie the performance of every public duty; and it means that those who assume to be religious teachers in this land, where the people rule, are related in responsibility to those in public station. You, therefore will, I hope, permit me to say that though you do well to insist upon the con-scientious discharge of official obligations, and though you ought never to shrink from the expos-ure of official shortcomings, the contribution you owe toward accomplishing good government will not be fully made unless you teach the people by precept and example that they will find their safety and welfare in enforcing upon their public servants the observance of the mandates ofChristianity and moralty. There ought to be inspiration in the thought that our country's destiny is in our hands, and it ought to dignify our Americanism to feel and know that those who teach and those who govern and those in every walk of citizenship have a share in our preservation as a Christian people and in the guaranty this affords of grand national achievements. Nine days after uttering these senti-ments the President went yachting on Sunday, and now the Presbyterians think him very inconsistent. The Remedy for Sabbath Violation. IN the Michigan Christian Advocate, of May 13, in an article entitled, " Sunday Papers," Rev. Wm. Fawcett, D.D., of Chicago, says:Š The Sunday newspaper violates the law of God and the law of the State, and to the extent of its influence is a promoter of lawlessness. Granting that Sunday were the Sab-bath of the law of God, and that the State had a law enforcing its observance, Mr. Fawcett's statement that law is vio-lated, would be true. But does Mr. Faw-cett approve of the State's making a law to enforce the observance of a command of God which pertains only to the indi-vidual and his God, even if that individual exercises his God-given right to choose to disobey that command ? Is this the rem-edy which Christ put into the hands of his Church ? Did he say, " Render to Caesar the things which are God's " ? Has Mr. Fawcett overlooked the teach-ings of Christ in the New Testament on this point ? As a professed minister of the gospel does he think the commands of God must be bolstered up by human laws ? Is he reflecting on the judgment of God by implying that his law is inefficient for the purpose designed, and hence must fall back on civil power for support ? Does he not know there can be no real obedi-ence where there is no freedom of choice ? Does he not know that God in his infinite wisdom saw that compulsory observance was no observance, to the end for which observance is desired ? Does he not see that God purposely avoided making the very kind of a law in reference to man's loyalty to him, which the State makesŠa compulsory lawŠbecause of the injustice of it ? That God does not announce pun-ishment for violation of his law simply in order to enforce his law, but because it is a necessary consequence of sin, and not an arbitrary result; and in order that in his infinite love and mercy, he might give the creatures of his image an opportunity to avoid the direful consequences ? Mr. Fawcett says truly that the land is full of Sabbath violation, but he fails to discern and point out the only effectual remedy. If he will read the following from another column of the same paper in which his own article appeared, he may possibly discover what the true remedy is: Faithfully preaching the gospel is by far the most successful way to combat error. Get the truth into the conscience if you would expel heresy from the head. Satan goes walking around among the churches with a chip on his shoulder, and is never so happy as when he can induce some over-zealous, inexperienced or pugnacious theologian to turn aside from preaching Christ and him cruci-fied, and devote his attention to knocking the chip off his Satanic Majesty's shoulder. Brethren in the ministry, if you wish to worry the devil, pay no attention to that chip. but instead, go right on faithfully preaching the Word. This has the right ring to it. If the Church sees iniquity in the land let it preach Christ; for " neither is there sal-vation in any other; for there is none other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved." Acts 4 : 12. If the ministers, and others zealous for religious laws, would stop spending their time and energies tampering with the chip on the devil's shoulder, and de-vote themselves to the promulgation of the gospel of Jesus Christ, good would come out of it, for there is power in that gospel to remedy the evil abroad in the land; but there is not anywhere else. For the Church to use any other means than this, especially to use civil authority as an enforcing power, is to acknowledge its own weakness and the lack of that power which is in the gospel. Then instead cif turning to Christ, who is that power, and pointing the people who are in error, to him, they prefer to entrust the matter to human agency, and only augment the evil already begun. The way to annihilate error is to let the truth shine. We do not enter a dark room with a body of men and attempt to carry the darkness out by force, but we simply take in the humble candle and let the light shine, and darkness is nowhere present. W. E. HOWELL. THE MEDICAL MISSIONARY. J. H. KELLOGG, M. D., Editor. A twenty-four page monthly journal, devoted to the various phases of medical missionary and be-nevolent work. It contains each month also arti-cles of general interest on mission fields, and items of missionary intelligence. Each number is illus-trated. Published by the S. D. A. Medical Missionary and Benevolent Association. Price 25 cents per year. Address Medical Missionary, Battle Creek, Mich. Methodists and the Fair. MAY 29, a special committee reported at the Methodist ministers' meeting at 150 Fifth Avenue, this city, in favor of reso-lutions requesting all members of the Methodist Church to stay away from Chi-cago during the Fair. It had been ex-pected that such resolutions would be adopted, but three ministers in turn spoke in opposition until 12.30 o'clock, when the meeting ended according to rule. A Methodist ministers' meeting in Bos-ton the same day adopted this:Š Resolved, First, that we respectfully request all our societies and agents to promptly withdraw their exhibits from the Fair: second, that we re-quest all our people to keep away from the Fair. The Church of God must have no connection with dishonesty, anarchy, and godlessness. The same day at the noon service for business men in the Broomfield Street Church the Rev. Mr. Dunnett, the Cana-dian evangelist arraigned the Methodists for their aggressive attitude on the World's Fair Sunday opening. He said I have been informed of the withdrawal by the great body of Methodists of their patronage of the World's Fair because of the opening of its gates on Sunday. Yet the morning papers tell of 200, - 000 who passed through the gateway, and not a single one was compelled to go, but went volunta-rily. I want to ask the churches of Boston why they do not get excited and arise in their strength and withdraw their patronage from the street car companies and the railroads, who cause thousands of men to work on the Sabbath who are hungering for the bread of life and can not get time to attend a church for the pressing daily needs of little ones. I am waiting for a resolution for the closing of the theatres and rum holes. It is a popular thing now to attack the World's Fair, but it would be unpopular to stop the street cars that on a Sunday carry Christians to their churches and to the beaches. As I look over this audience, I see some faces that are vexed, but you can hurl all the resolutions you will and I will sympathise with the man who has to work on Sunday, and whose perchance Christian employer says, "Work or leave."  I tell you there is enough work for you right here in your own city, and to let Chicago alone. In the name of God, my friends, as you hope to stand before the great tribunal of God, quit this sham. It is a farce. The world knows it and laughs at you. It is significant also that Bishop Samuel Fallows, it was said, was present and took part in the religious services in the grounds the first Sunday that the Fair was open. It is evident that the " Christian boycott " is not unanimous. OF the Sunday opening of the World's Fair the Silver Creek, Neb., Times says :Š We trust the agitation will not end here. Let it go on until the American people are so aroused that they will wipe from the statute books every Sunday law from Maine to California. Let these people be given to understand that while they are free to preach and pray, an appeal to the civil power by way of supplementing their legitimate religious work, will not be tolerated. The agitation will not end here; it will increase more and more. But it will not result as the Times wishes; on the contrary it will result as foretold by Hon. Richard M. Johnson, in 1829, namely, future measures of the Government will be still more strongly marked by the same influ-ence; other laws of like character will be demanded and passed, and a religious hierarchy will see to it that they are en-forced. The Sunday-closing law did not fail because of the protest of the people, or because of any just appreciation of the real principle involved, but because of the financial necessity for an open Fair. Few even now discern the real issue involved. 