THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 13 then at the same time proposes to divest it of anything,that looks toward a union of Church and State, they are simply proposing to di-vest Christ's body of its head. But that they can't do. And in truth they do not intend to try to do it. They fully pur-pose to enthrone the church with their en-thronement of its Head. It is impossible to do otherwise. And the veil, of their being "thoroughly opposed" to a union of Church and State, under which they, and the National Reformers, altogether, endeavor to hide it, is exceedingly thin. It is said of Augustus that he ""was sensible that mankind is governed by names; nor was he deceived in his expec-tation, that the senate and people would sub-mit to slavery, provided they were respectfully assured that they still enjoy their ancient free-dom." These workers for political power in religious things, seem not to have forgotten the Opinion nor the tactics of Augustus. They too seem to be fully sensible that mankind is still- governed by names; and their expecta-tion seems to be that the people of this Na-tion will submit to the slavery-of a union of Church and State, provided that they are re-peatedly told that there is no union of Church and State, and that " all enlightened Christians are thoroughly opposed" to it. The dan-ger is that these aspirants to such illegiti-mate power will not be deceived in their ex-pectation, any more than was Augustus in his. Again we read :Š "To meet the new creation, how grandly men themselves are growing; how consider-ate and brotherly, how pure in word and deed." Yes indeed! And if you want to see the proof of it, just read the dispatches in any principal daily, any day, in any part of the land. This also we read in the address:Š "The W. C. T. U. and Prohibition Party must join forces to stand for nationalism as against sectionalism ; the future in politics r s against the past; . . . and the everlast-ing prohibition of sin as against any alliance between sin and the Government." Let "the W. C. T. U. and Prohibition Party " be told that no political power nor any civil government, can ever of right have anything whatever to do with the prohibition of sin. FOr further comment on this read the selec-tion from Professor Harris on " Church and State," page 15, of this paper. In her suggestions for 1888, under the heading of " Legal " is this " Respectfully to request our brothers of the Prohibition Party when the time shall come to consider names for the greater politi-cal movement into which that party is to merge itself, to consider carefully the merits of the name `Home Protection Party' as em-bodying its purpose and as educational to the people; also request them to continue to -stand firm for the American Christian Sab-bath; the Bible in our public schools; the en-franchisement of women as a means to pro-hibition; and make an open declaration that Christ and his law are the supreme authority in such government as they seek to establish in this Republic. " Designate a commission reptesentative of the,whole country; which shall bear these re- quests to our friends and allies, -the men of the Prohibition Party." "To stand firm for the American Christian Sabbath," as she says in another place, " as a sacred institution." What is the American Christian Sabbath? and how did it become so ? If it is Christian, how can it be Ameri-can? And if it is American, what made it sacred? The Bible tells about the Sabbath of the Lord, but it nowhere speaks of any such thing as a "Christian" Sabbath, much less does it say anything about an " Ameri-can Christian " Sabbath. That must be an institution that is found outside of the Bible; and the question again arises how did it be-come sacred ? "Stand firm for the Bible in our public schools." Which Bible? The Protestant Bi-ble, or the Catholic Bible? which? Your " brothers " of the National Reform Party pro-poses to put the Catholic Bible into our pub-lic schools, even into the hands of the chil-dren of Protestants, wherever the Catholics are in the thajorityŠthat is in New York, Massachusetts, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Califor-nia, and a number of other States. Ladies, please define your position. Of all this and a good deal more after the same sort, "the audience manifested its appre-ciation by universal hand-clapping and wav-ing of handkerchiefs." And " upon motion, it was accepted by almost unanimous vote as expressing the principles of the National Woman's Christian Temperance Union." And by the same token it is abundantly shown that the National Woman's Christian Tem-perance Union is pledged to carry civil gov-ernment into the realms of conscience in this Nation. A. T. J. Some "Clashing Voices." AT the celebration of the Centennial of the Constitution of the United States, in Phila-delphia, President Cleveland said:Š "Does anyone doubt to-day that the Con-stitution of one hundred years ago was well made, and that the work was well done ? " Against this, Mr. Gault, whose special forte seem to be to come in conflict, with' everything that is reasonable and true, makes his voice to clash as follows:Š " We not only doubt, but in the light of past history we are sure that work was not well done. At least two very serious mis-takes our fathers made in that Constitution. One was the enslavement of one-sixth of our population, because they had black skin. The other was the substitution of the popu-lar will for the will of God. At the cost of the civil war we have corrected the first, and the signs of the times indicate that we may be compelled to correct the second at even a dearer price." One would expect that a man occupying SQ prominent a position as Mr. Gault does in an association whose sole object is to patch up the Constitution.of the United States, would be well acquainted with that document; but we have never seen 'any evidence that he has ever read it. If he can find in that document, as it was adopted in 1787, anything favoring the enslavement of anybody, he will find what the framers of it could not. - But a little thing like that amounts to nothing in comparison with the cool manner in which this representative of National Re-form declares the expectations of that associ-ation to plunge this country into a war greater than our civil war, if their ideas are not com-plied with otherwise. We don't suppose that they have the power to do anything of the kind, but that they have the will is evident enough. And yet they have the assurance to,  try to make us believe that if they once got the Constitution and laws fixed to suit themselves, they would not persecute any who might not agree with them. If they are willing to stir up a civil war involving the Nation, in order to secure their religious amendment, would they tolerate opposition by a handful of men after it was secured? The question answers itself. In the same number of the Statesman, that of December 22, 1887, there is the following statement by Wm. Smith, a lawyer of Janes-ville, Wis.:Š "By putting a `God in the Constitution' plank in the Prohibition platform, you rule me out of that party. I am not opposed to prohibition, but I am opposed to God in the Constitution." With this _Mr. Gault makes his voice to clash in the following strain:Š "How can you be an honest prohibitionist when you want a law with only the fallible, changing, conflicting will of the people be-hind it, in preference to a law having behind it, first, divine authority, next human, next the fear of hell. That is the only kind of a law that will bind the conscience. Prohibi-tion legislation, or any other legislation, will have little force until we base it on a law that is the will of an unchanging Law-giver." Well, what next? " Upon what meat hath this our Caesar fed, that he hath grown so great ? " We have heard of some pretty rigid enforcement of the prohibitory laws of Iowa and Kansas, that have behind them " only the fallible, changing,, conflicting will of the people; " but such enforcement will not satisfy National Reformers. Nothing will do but they must have laws that will send a man to hell if he violates them 1 This is just what Mr. Gault's language implies; for how could there be "the fear of hell" behind a law, if that law did not threaten to send its violators to hell? Mr. Gault doesn't say who he expects will execute this penalty in the National Reform Government; but since the makers of a law have the power to execute, we suppose that the National Reformers themselves will consider themselves the duly appointed ministers of divine wrath. And yet they tell us that they never could think of persecuting anybody. Perhaps someone may,  think that we are extravagant in our conclusions. We know that we are not. It may be that Mr. Gault is an irresponsible person, not competent to speak for National Reformers as a class; if so we hope the Statesman will let us know, and we will never again pay the slightest atten-tion to any statement that he may make. But leaving Mr. Gault out of the question, National Reform teaching does actually place in the hands of the rulers of the propoqed.Nac, 