6 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Puritan system existing and in good working order. Many of the same old dreadful laws used by that system, which have never been repealed, will be found serviceable. These laws, having fallen into "innocuous desuetude," are supposed by many to be dead. But they Were not dead under the regime of the former New Englanct And as certainly as "future New England " rises to power, all such laws found unrepealed will be found to be no more dead nor dormant than they were under the former. Every legislature in the land, whether national or State, should make a specialty of hunting up all such old laws and repealing them at once. If the people of the nation were only half awake to the real situation, they would never rest, and would give the legislatures no rest, until this thing was thoroughly done. A New Sunday Bill in Congress. Mtn CONGRESS, H. R.  9679.  2D SESSION. IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. December 16, 1896. Mr. Washington (by request) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on the District of Columbia and ordered to be printed. A BILL To further protect the first day of the week as'a day of rest in the District of Columbia. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-bled, That it shall not be lawful for any person to keep open any place of business or maintain a stand for the sale of any article or articles of profit during Sunday, excepting vendors of books or newspapers, and apothe-caries for the dispensing of -medicines, and undertakers for the purpose of providing for the dead, or others for the purposes of charity or necessity; nor shall any public playing of football or baseball or any other kind of play-ing, sports, pastimes, or diversions, disturbing the peace and quiet of the day, be practiced by any person or per-sons within the District of Columbia on Sunday; nor shall any building operations or work upon railroad construction be lawful upon said day; and for any viola-tion of this Act the person offending shall, for each offense, be liable to a fine of not less than five dollars nor more than fifty dollars, and in the case of corporations there shall be a like fine for every person employed in violation of this Act laid upon the corporation offending. SEC. 2. That it shall be a sufficient defense to a prose-cution for labor on the first day of the week that the de-fendant uniformly keeps another day of the week as a day of rest, and that the labor complained of was done in such a manner as not to interrupt or disturb other per-sons in observing the first day of the week as a day of rest. This Act shall not be construed to prevent the sale of refreshments other than malt, or spirituous liquors, or to prevent the sale of malt and spirituous liquors as now provided for by law, or tobacco, cigars, railroad and  steamboat tickets, or the collection and delivery of bag-gage. This bill was originated and framed by the National Sabbath Alliance of Washington, D. C.; and was pre-sented in Congress at the request Of this Alliance. After framing it themselves, and themselves having it pre-sented, a convention was held by themselves, presided over by Bishop Satterlee, which gravely proceeded to endorse it. This convention also had a committee ap-pointed to lobby the bill in the Houses of Congress. Compared with former bills from the same source it will be seen that all use of openly religious words and phrases has been studiously avoided. In this respect it is probably about as taking a bill as it is possible to frame for the purpose for which it is intended : that iS, to secure religious legislation under cover of something else. They may be able to make such a showing with this bill that the 'legislative mind shall be willing to pass it. Yet, though all set religious terms and phrases are studiously avoided in this bill, its essential religious meaning and intent is not one whit less than that of any other bill that has been put before Congress by these same parties. In former bills they have so fully exposed their real purpose that/there can be no mistaking it, under whatever guise it may now or in future be forced to assume in order to disarm opposition. The Sunday institution is essentially and only relig-ious, in itself. It never can be made anything else. It is impossible to have legislation of any kind or to any degree in favor of Sunday, without having religious leg-islation. It is impossible for government or individuals to recognize Sunday as anywiSe different from the other working days of the week, without recognizing a religious institution, and conforming just so far to a religious practice. The promoters of this bill know this. They are therefore perfectly willing to tone down their propositions to any extent that will assure their adoption by Con-gress, knowing that as certainly as the thing is recognized or adopted in any shape, the whole field is opened, and additional steps can be taken at their leisure. We know this because we have heard them say it more than once. But see how far they have indeed gone to give this bill an acceptable cast "This Act shall not be construed . . . to prevent the sale of malt and spirituous liquors as now provided by law," etc. That is to say, We would not have it understood that this bill shall repeal, super-sede, or interfere in any way with, any law which sanc-tions the liquor traffic. In other words, Only give us by specific statute the national recognition of Sunday, and we will say nothing against any law providing for the liquor traffic. How could there be made a more open bid than this is, for the support,--4f not positive at least byconsentŠ of the liquor element? How could there be a more cow- ardly, not to say a more tricky, compromise with the liquor traffic, than is offered in this bill? Indeed, the title Sunday Liquor Bill would be more accurately de-scriptive than simply Sunday bill. We are waiting to see 