" Equal and Exact Justice to all Men, of Whatever State or 'Persuasion, religious or Political." VOLUME 8. NEW YORK, JANUARY 26, 1893. NUMBER 4. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, HT THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORE. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN.  1 WILLIAM H. MC KEE. ARE the citizens of the United States aware of the present crisis in this country? There is a crisis. It involves the exist-ence of the Government as it was estab-lished. It involves the question as to whether this is to continue to be a gov-ernment of the people, or is hereafter to be a government by a religious hierarchy. EVERY judicial precedent necessary to establish the authority of that hierarchy has been had. The decision of Feb. 29, 1892, by the Supreme CourtŠthe highest judicial authority known to an American citizenŠcompleted the line of precedent and affirmed it. What remained?ŠThat Congress should bow to judicial precedent and legislate upon religion! This had long been sought in vain. But no sooner was the series of judicial precedent made complete by the decision of the highest Šthe SupremeŠCourt, than the legisla-tion was immediately had. THAT legislation was the passage of the Sunday-closing proviso for the World's Fair, in the first session of the Fifty-second Congress, This piece of legisla-tion was marvelously well calculated to secure the result desired. The effort from the beginning has been to secure some precedent, however small, for con-gressional legislation upon religion. Only a foothold was sought. The Fifty-second Congress, except it repeal this Sunday-closing proviso, will have the immortal ignominy of having granted this foothold. Is this Congress willing to so go down into history? There are few congressmen unable to comprehend the responsibility of this Congress in this matter. There are few who do not realize that responsi-bility, and deprecate it. But the respon-sibility can not be avoided or shifted. WHY can not the burden of the future  support, at least, of this religious legisla-tion be shared with others ? Why can not its repeal be left to the next Congress ?ŠBecause when the next Congress convenes, the people of the United States and of the world will have been for six months, sub-ject to this law, and it will have been for one month an historical precedent. It would be ex post facto legislation, indeed, to call for its repeal then, when it had completed the full term for which it was enacted, and had gone into history. The Fifty-second Congress shares the burden of thisŠcan share itŠwith none. Neither the next Congress nor any succeeding Congress can expunge the record. When this Congress shall have adjourned, the evil act will be past remedy, completed, irrevocable. Do the congressmen of the United States know that this legislation is uncon-stitutional ? This question cuts close, close, very close home. It raises an ugly alternative. It either impugns their in-telligence, or it convicts them of having knowingly legislated contrary to a strict prohibition of the Constitution, the fun-damental and supreme law. Which horn of the dilemma will they accept ? Is it not much more honorable, more worthy, in every way more creditable, to acknowl-edge the error and repeal the erroneous legislation ? True, it was not only insin-uated, but openly said, in the late hear-ing, that congressmen would hardly ac-knowledge by repealing the proviso that they had been in error in passing it. Was that insinuation a just one ? Are con-gressmen made of such stuff as this ? American manhood is of no such material. It is from their pretended friends and supporters that this accusation comes. Can it be just ? The American people will not believe it. They will not believe that they have confided the highest pub-lic trust in the Nation to men so inferior in moral stamina that they will permit the principle upon which this Government was established to be subverted before they will admit that they have made a mistake, and, while yet they have time, undo the mistake before its consequences have become irremediable. Who is the friend ? he who says, "Deny your wrong and conceal it ? " or he who says, " Be a man, acknowledge the error and undo it ?"  The American people wait to see whether they have sent, to the Congress of the United States, menŠor what ! IT has been said to those who would oppose all religious legislationŠthis as well as all elseŠand upon constitutional grounds: "You have had your day; your plea is now outlawed. The law has been passed, and is on the statute books. These objections should have been made before Sunday closing became a law. They have no force now." Is it true that a con-stitutional objection is ever outlawed so long as the clause upon which it is based remains in the Constitution ? Would it be proper for a robber to make the plea that the robbery had been com-mitted and therefore no procedure could be had, that all action should have been taken previous to the commission of the deed ? Is it then a fit claim that because the people have already been robbed of their constitutional rights they have, be-cause the deed is done, no recourse, no right to object ? Such a claim will not hold for a moment. It is, in such case, their right to object, always and every-where. More, it is their duty to object, and to object without ceasing. Let all the people object, and let them make their objections known to their congress-men. The Chicago Directory Prejudged. ACCORDING to the Washington corres-pondence of the Mail and Express, of January 13, " Hon. John B. Robinson struck terror into the hearts of the Sab-bath desecrators of Chicago by introduc-ing into the House of Representatives to-day a resolution instructing the Attorney-General of the United States to sue for and recover the value of all souvenir coins issued to the World's Columbian Exposi-tion in case the Exposition, from any reason whatever, is not kept closed on Sunday, and giving the United States Circuit Court in the district of Illinois jurisdiction to try the action." The record of congressional proceedings for January 13 does not corroborate this statement. No such resolution as this anywhere appears, as introduced by Mr. Robinson or any other representative. The statement, evidently, was prema- 