rang rrk  \ar my words; and belieue not !judge him 170rŠJesus Christ VOLUME 13. CHICAGO, DECEMBER 13, 190o. ,NUMBER. 49. TUE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY (Continuihg American, PUBLISHED WE,E,LY' AT 32* PnAU3ZtolftN= CnIC4GO, ILL., B T.Vg, , INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCaTION. ?Entered at the Chicago Post Office as Second-Class Matter. snisciutlanzr PRIC L.A. SMITH, C... P. 'BOLLMAN, Editors. Civit. government can best serve God by leaving man most free to' serve him. THE: vast majority of the world's Martyrs have: suffered death by the 'sanction of, the civil governŠdient.  , . . t4 . .. . . . . . . ACCORDING - to Christianity:, the great, reforming and' saving agehcy in the World is, not law, but the gospel.; THE decatogue iS the only moral code for, which the 'wOrkt has' any need, and only He who 'gave that law ies -power le enferree' it. 0 WHEN the Creator,spoke the ten, commandments On.,Mount-Sinai and '":added-no more," he left no mon), for any additions to be made by man. THE Creator does not .cast men in the same. mold, and men can not be made to thin, 4Q,, or, believe. alike by any act of civil government. , IT is possible for an individual to conform, to every requirement of human law, while violating every command of the divine law. The greatest legalists of old were the Pharisees. 0 0  IT is human nature to, he more or less, despotic, and despotism has -always found religion an inviting field. Hence there is, always among mend tendency to, invade the, domain of conscience with legal pro-hibitions and penalties. Ł CHRISTIAN GOVERNMENTS. efIRISTMINUTY is an individnal Matter. " thou faith? have it to, thyself before God," says the Scripture; and also, " Who art thou that judgest another man's servant? to his own master he stand-eth or falleth." And again: "So then, every one of, us shall give account of, himself to God." M. the ihdftiduAL was' created' to love, be-lieve, and obey his, Maker. 'Civil governments were created not to love anyllady ti3ON to experience emotions of any kind. The gospel message to man is, "L]e that believeth and is baptized, the same shall be saved," but no civil government qau k)e-Here, be haptized, and be, " savect." Chdl giqyAm-rae,trts.are temporal the s:alvatio,h of the gospel/  for eternity. The sphere of the individual humap betigi is thus;  altggethey different from that of the political entity created by individuals acting qoAlegtively, known as the goivernmeht. Civil governments exist to preserve rights:. to give order and peace to society in the place of anarchy. That is their sphere, ?Ad se far as Christianity can apply to 4,  civil govern-ments can be Christian*. lita 111?..PUgstiY,_ the go‚Nrg, 