Ł "Ifang man hear my caord4 and belieue nots-ljudge him not. atist VOLUME 15. CHICAGO, AUGUST 2, 1900. NUMBER 30. THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY, (Continuing American Sentinel) Published weekly at 324 Dearborn Street, Chicago, Illinois, BY THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. Entered at the Chicago Post Office as Second-Class Matter. &u.bscription. price, $1.00 L. A. SMITH, ll C. P. 1301.141VIA.N,r Editors. Moral obligation can never be the basis of civil law. .4  .4 The Lord says : "The seventh day is the Sabbath." The "Christian world" says : "The first day is the Sabbath." .ot tat The Lord enforces the observance of his day by the spiritual law of love. A .4 The "Christian world" enforces the observance of its day by the physical law of force. wie A A truly "civil Sabbath" could not possibly be anything but a holiday. It could never be a holy day. Holy things are not civil, and civil things are not holy. A A No country in the world ever established a weekly rest-day, forbidding both labor and amusement upon it, except from religious motives. .4 .4 Civil law is not designed to conserve moral right but civil rights. .4 .4 Freedom of conscience means not only liberty to think, but liberty to do. Just government must guarantee not only free-dom of the mind but liberty of the body as well in everything which does not infringe the equal rights of others. Civil Government and Religion. The evils of a union of church and state are so well knownŠor, rather, the more patent evils are so well knownŠthat in this country but few are found who are ready to defend such union in "plain terms. But a good many declare that they are in favor of re-ligion and the state. But this is a distinction without any material difference. What is meant by religion and the state is a relig-ious state ; that is, a state which recognizes and fos-ters religion, but has no religious establishment, or no state church, such as they have in England, and in most Roman Catholic countries. Of course the state ought not to be anti-religious. To be anti-religious would be to be against religion, and clearly the state has no right to assume an attitude of hostility to religion. But this is very far from saying that the state ought to be religious. It is not at all necessary that the state should have any religious character whatever. It should be non-religious. A state need have no more religious character than a bank or a mercantile concern. Nobody ever speaks of a "Christian bank," or a "Christian mercantile es-tablishment." Every member of a firm may be a Christian and yet the firm itself have no religious char-acter, and make no religious profession. It is simply a business concern organized for purely business purposes. And that is just what every state ought to beŠsirhply a concern created for the transaction of public business. NO CHRISTIAN BANKS. A bank may have among its stock-holders, and even upon its board of directors, some men-who are Christians and some who are not Christians. But the Christians do not feel that they have any duty 