AUGUST 27, 1896. A.1017EIELICAlc SIENTirINIML, 267 ready taxed yourselves almost to the limit of your ability. For the latter I ask that you will withhold both encouragement in moral lines and pecuniary aid, and do the best you can to put an end to the nefari-ous business in which they have been so long engaged, and which has brought such untold horrors on a land they profess to love. Such we believe is a true statement of the Eastern situation to-day, so far as Armenia is concerned. How far similar influences have been or are now at work in Crete remains to be seen. .4-.  THE PREACHER IN CIVIL AFFAIRS. An Opinion by Judge Sage, of Cincinnati. AT a recent session of the United States Circuit Court in Cincinnati, 0., Judge Sage presiding, a case was tried in which the de-fendant, who was convicted, plead for some mitigation of the penalty on the ground that two of the witnesses against him, one of whom had acted as a detective, were ministers of the gospel. This drew from the judge the follow- lowing comment:Š Two gentlemen, who are clergymen, Were called upon the stand, and testified as witnesses for the gov-ernment. It appears that they had at different times in this case acted as detectives. One of them had been employed specially in this way. Now, the coun-sel for defendants have commented on this. They have the right to comment. They dwelt upon the unfitness of such performances on the part of those whose profession it is to preach the gospel of Jesus Christ. Ł Now, gentlemen, perhaps it is not improper that in this connection I state in very few words my own convictions in this matter, so you can see that I am not under the influence of any prejudice or bias. Jesus Christ lived in this world at a time when there were about as many bad laws and as few good laws as at any time in the world's history. It does not ap-pear that he ever asked for the repeal of any existing law, or for the enactment of any new law. Certainly, if he made any proposition clear and distinct, it was that his kingdom was not of this world. I have some-times thought that in these modern times some of his followers, some even of his ministers, have practically committed themselves to the proposition that it will be impossible to evangelize this world without an act of the legislature. I do not believe it. I believe ex-actly what was said by the Saviour of the world him-self, that the devil is the prince of this world. I be-lieve that Christianity is the exhibition in this world of the power of the love of God Almighty through Jesus Christ his Son; and it is my opinion that whenŁ ever one of his ministers appeals from the Bible to a statute book, or from the Almighty to the governor of a State, or the mayor of a city, or the judge of a court, he makes a mistake and lowers his standard. I. don't think the Almighty takes much stock in that sort of thing. History teaches us that the most wonderful, nay, miraculous progress of Christ,anity was achieved in the first centuries after Christ, when the power and the wealth and the learning of the world were opposed to it, and the strong arm of its governments was ap-plied to persecute its disciples even to torture and to death. On the other hand, the time when Christian-ity fell into an almost fatal embrace was when later it accepted an alliance with the State and undertook to advance and strengthen itself by human legislation and human power. Now, gentlemen, these are my views; so that I have not any prejudices in favor of clerical efforts, except-ing those that are in reliance upon spiritual power. But let me refer you to an incident in the life of Jesus Christ himself that indicates that a minister may properly take a hand sometimes in the affairs of this world. The occasion to which I refer was when Jesus Christ found men in the temple selling oxen, sheep and doves, and the changers of money sitting. And when he had made a scourge of small cords, he drove them all out of the temple, and the sheep and oxen, and poured out the changers' money, and overthrew the tables. I recognize also, gentlemen, that because a man is a clergyman he does not cease to be a citizen; and while I do not believe in any attempt to promote Christian-ity by statute, wholly or in part, I do believe that if there is a crying evil, whether intemperance, or sab-bath-breaking, or lotteries, or any other species of crime, the clergy have as good right as other good cit-izens to intervene. The incongruity presented in the course of  the clergyman detective was apparent to the judge, although the latter's attention may be supposed to be but little given to other than secular affairs. Of course, the clergyman had a right to act as a detective; he has the same right that other citizens have. But this fact does not settle the question whether it was right for him to do as he did. "Rights," or " a right," have a narrower meaning than " right." The former refers only to a man's relation to his fellows; the latter embraces also his relation to God. It is often right, from a Christian standpoint, for an individual to surrender rights. But we cannot agree with the judge, in finding in Christ's cleansing of the temple, a parallel to the preacher's participation in the " affairs of this world." The cleansing of the temple was not a secular affair in any sense. The judge also trips over "sabbath-breaking," as is natural for one who regards Sabbath ob- servance as a secular thing. s. GROWTH OF SPIRITUALISM. WHAT IS THE MATTER WITH SPAIN? THE decreptitude of Spain is to-day a mat-ter of general note and comment among the observing people of Łall lands. Once, the queen of the nations, she is now shorn of all just claims to the rank of a first-class power. Her glory is departed; the insignia of her former greatness is everywhere covered with the melancholy tracings of decay. Recently an insurrection broke out among some Spanish tributaries in Morocco, to sup-press which taxed Spain's military power severely; and for more than a year now past she has exerted herself to put an end to re-bellion in Cuba, but the prospect is that the task will prove beyond her strength. A sim-ilar but less formidable Cuban uprising in recent times was pit down only after a ten years' struggle. From the modern newspaper narrative of Spain's military attempts, it is  with a feeling almost of amazement that our thoughts revert to the exploits of, the men who bore the Spanish ensign through Mexico and Peru. The barbarities which mark Spain's course in the present contest are but another token of her weakness. And while there is rebel-lion abroad, there is division and bankruptcy at home. The question we have propounded is fully answered in the article which we reprint in this issue from the Missionary Review on the need of the gospel in Spain. It is not Time, but Rome, which has made Spain what she is to-day. More faithfully than any other na-tion, Spain has adhered to the papal church, and the results are visible in a corresponding degree. And it was not long since that a papal spokesman in this land openly declared, " What Rome has done for other countries, she will do for the United States." Yes; without a doubt she will, if she is given the chance. It is this that adds a terrible inter-est to the spectacle which Spain presents to-day. The fearful question is, Will the Amer-ican people allow Rome to do for our country what she has done for Spain ? s. .4.  SLAVERY UNDER THE BRITISH FLAG. [The Christian Work, Aug. 13, 1896.] IF it seems incredible that slavery should still exist under the protection of the British, it is none the less a fact, for the system ex-ists in the British protectorate of Zanzibar, East Africa. The most authentic informa-tion on the subject is supplied by an agent of the British and Foreign Anti-Slavery Society, who was recently sent to Zanzibar on a mis-sion of inquiry. From his report it is ascer-tained that the slaves number a million and a quarter, that the slave trade is active, and that fresh supplies of 'slaves are brought to the mainland every year.Ł Professor Nicholson, of Edinburgh, who visited the protectorate a short time ago, has published a book setting forth the facts in the case. He was amazed to learn when at Zanzibar that nineteen-twentieths of the black people whom he saw were slaves; and here it was that he first discovered to what an extent negro slavery yet exists under the British flag-and under the protection of the British Crown. He also mentions the cir-cumstance that Mr. Stanley, speaking in the British Parliament, has opposed emancipa-tion, taking the ground that it would be unadvisable, and arguing that the slavery question of Zanzibar ought to be left in the hands of the British authorities there. Professor Nicholson fonnd reason to be-lieve, upon investigation, that the yoke of the slave there was not always heavy, and that he may even be comfortable. But he refuses, and rightly so, to accept this as any justifica-tion for the system. Most of the slave traders and slave holders are Arabs; but these Arabs are subject to British law, which is the guar-dian of slavery. He calls for the total and immediate abolition of the slave system in Zanzibar, which flourishes under the British flag, and under the rule of the British mili-tary administrator. And now we have from London, and natur-ally so, the information that the British Gov-ernment is stirred up by the statements made in the report of the agent of the British and Foreign Anti-Slavery Society, and has within a month past instructed the protectorate au-thorities at Zanzibar to take means for the speedy abolishment of the legal status of slavery. Other instructions, previously given, [A ST. Louis clergyman, who wishes his name withheld, speaks as follows concerning the rapid growth of Spiritualism :Š] Don't put my name in the paper, but you may say that a clergyman who has been twenty years in the pulpit is greatly astonished at the growth of modern Spiritualism, not only in this country, but throughout the world, at the present time. It is spreading in the churches as well as outside of them. Its con-verts used to be entirely from the infidel and atheist classesŠso much so that Spiritualism itself was ranked, and rightly soŠas a species of infidelity. But now vast numbers of peo-ple who commune with Catholic and Protest-ant churches are believers in spiritual mani-festations, and would rather give up their Christianity than abandon their Spiritual-ism. The Catholic Church made a strong fight against Spiritualism, but it is unable to beat Nt down. Some of the more intelligent Cath-olics here and elsewhere are among the most ardent Spiritualists. I cannot say how they reconcile the one belief with the other, but they manage to do itŠat least they hold to their Catholic faith openly and to their Spir-itualistic faith secretly. And so with Method-ists, Presbyterians, Baptists .and Episcopa-lians. There is no Christian denomination to-day a part of whose membership is not tinged with Spiritualism. 