T t GsN5c. Ł .1,i. APRIL 27, 1893. AA/ICI ILLICA_N- 135 Wn manufacture a choice line of these goods, entirely free from lard and all adulterations, at the following prices:Š "A" "A" ..D,, Cereal Coffee, prepared from grains only, a very choice and healthful drink, in one and a half lb. packages (Once used, never again refused), 25c Goods to the value of eight dollars, will be sent on the re-ceipt of six dollars, being 25 per cent. discount. We are now prepared to supply in large quantities the small, round Butter Crackers, purely butter shortened, and deal rs wishing to handle such will do well to write us for prices, stat-ing tow many barrels they wish to purchase, etc. The pr ce per barrel of about 50 lbs. is seven and one half cents per lb. C.Teola and Gluten are prepared foods, thoroaghly cooked and ready for use by the addition of come fluid, as milk and cream, fruit juice or water, as best agrees with the individual. Cereola is a universal Health Food, and is calculated for use PURE CRACKERS AND BISCUITS, and Cereal Coffee MANUFACTURED BY THE BATTLE CREEK BAKERY COMPANY Fruit Biscuits, white flour, - sweetened, per lb. 15c " whole wheat flour,.. " .... " " .....15c Fruit Crackers, not sweetened,.... .... " " .....15c Lemon Cream Biscuits " " .....12c Graham "   " " .....12c Oat Meal   " 1, " . —..12c Graham Crackers slightly sweetened " " .....10c not sweetened  " " .....10c Graham Cracker, (water crackers for dys- ,, peptics " .....10c Oat Meal " slightly, sweetened " " .....Ac 44 44 44  not sweetened  " " .....10c Whole Wheat Crackers  " " 10c White very palatable,  : " .....10c Carbon fit .....15e Gluten Cereola, a prepared grain food, in bulk,  " " .....10c (The same as formerly advertized une er the name "Granola.") Pure Gluten in bulk, ....per ...per lb ......40c Wheat " " " " .. .....20c  it HEALTH FOODS. THIS IS THE HOUSE THAT JOE BUILT ! r "The Santa Maria." 'Tis located at 674 East Sixty-third Street, Chicago, and is within NINE MINUTES' walking dis-tance from the GRAND ENTRANCE to the World's Fair! :) Entirely of brick and stone; permanent structure; stands alone; all outside rooms; Ł improvement; $1.00 to Sz.00 a day; NO DEPOSIT REQUIRED ; under t new and neat; select neighborhood; high and dry; good plumbing; every modern owner's management; only 43 rooms; HOME-LIKE! Address JOSEPH H. GOODWIN, proprietor. it 1---ff Why not engage rooms sum ? They re' GOING ! nE IIAS NAMED /T ESTABLISHED IN 1881. the discussion on the Sabbath question, we have not the least doubt that the effect in the long fu-ture must be wholesome. That contemporary has expressed what is, from its standpoint, a truth. The agitation of this question has opened the minds of hundreds of thousands to the truth that religious laws as established and enforced by the civil authorities, are untenable from every point in which they can be viewed. The discussion of this question is wholesome, but it is only wholesome because of the antagonism which it generates toward man-made and man-enforced religion,Šbecause of the fact that it is turning the minds and hearts of many to God, and establishing in them a realizing sense that their de-pendence is in all things upon God alone, and, that their allegiance in all things spiritual and religious is to him only. It is not truth but error which suffers by the light, and error is suffering in the light of this discussion, whatever its tem-poral success may seem to be. W. IL M. Will it Repeal the Old Law ? Th,-1 St. Paul Daily News has no sympathy with the course of the Law and Order Society in Pitts-burg, in reference to Sunday papers, and so ex-presses itself. The Daily News should remember that there is a similar organization for similar purposes in St. Paul and Minneapolis. That which is done in Pittsburg now will soon be done in other cities.] THE Law and Order Society of Pitts-burg appears to be determined to make the statute of 1794 relating to Sunday labor as obnoxious as it has been a dead letter for more than half a century. This com-bine of offensive fanatics appears to have especial malignity toward Sunday news-papers. The first prosecution was insti-tuted against a newsdealer and the last one against a newspaper, the publisher of the Sunday Press being fined seventy-five dollars. In the course of the proceedings in the case of the Press, the defense set up that the making of a Sunday news-paper is not a violation of the law, be-cause the work is done during the week and on Saturday. But the evidence showed that a very insignificant part of it was done on Sunday morning, hence the fine. The defense also took exception to the fine on the ground that the Monday morning papers were all made on Sunday, and they were the editions which ought to receive the attacks of the society. Now the fanatics say they will institute proceedings against the Monday morning newspapers, and that if any papers are issued on that morning all the work must be done after twelve o'clock Sunday night. The New York World thinks that the publishers of the Sunday newspapers in Pittsburg ought not to submit to being the only victims of the absurd old Blue Laws in Pennylvania and advises them to make complaints against all other viola-tors of this outgrown statute and the fanatics will probably be glad to let up, and the New York Press says "such bigotry belongs to the days of the Salem witches. The action of the Pittsburg inquisition should bring the law of 1794 into such odium as to cause its speedy abrogation. It ought to have been abol-ished years ago." If the Pennsylvania legislature responds to public sentiment, not only in that State, but throughout the country gener-ally, it will repeal the old law, and with it all other enactments that are in the same way devoid of common sense. both in sickness and health. In ordering, please remember that the rate of freight on 25 lbs. will be the same as on 100 lbs. Remit by Bank Draft, Money Order, Express Order, or Postal Note. No private checks accepted. During the m-nth of November last we have added new and improved machinery to our plant and otherwise incr-ased our manufacturing facilities. Therefore, with these superior ad vantages, we promise the consumers of Health Foods a nicer and more palatable art'cle in this line than has ever before been produced. Write us for special rates on large lots. REFERENCES. To whom it may concern: We, the undersigned, residents of Battle Creek, Mich., take pleasure in stating that Mr. Joseph Smith, manager of the Health Food Department of the Battle Creek Bakery Co., has resided in Battle Creek for nearly 20 years, and is a competent and responsible man, and of long experience in his line of busi-ness, and one whose goods we can heartily recommend to the public. URIAG SMITH, Editor Review and Herald. HoN. W. C. GAGE, En-Mayor. J. B. KRUG, of Krug's Business College. Thomas H. BRIGGS, M. D. HON. GHORGE WILLARD, Pub. Journal. S. S. FRENCH, M. D. R. T. KINGMAN, Vice-President City Bank. M. KORABACHER, M. D. HON. W. H. MASON, postmaster. HON. J. W. BAILEY, En-Mayor. T. E. SANDS, M. D. The Munson Typewriter A Chicago Product. Latest and Best. SPEEDŠWonderful. TOUCHŠLight and Elastic. WEIGHTŠWithout Case 11 Pounds 12 oz. KEYSŠThirty, with Ninety Characters. KEYBOARDŠUniversal, Easily Learned. ALIGNMENTŠPerfect and Permanent. TYPE WHEELŠSteel and Interchangeable. LANGUAGESŠSeven. Address, BATTLE CREEK BAKERY CO., Battle Creek, Mich,. ,551 I have had a Munson typewriter in constant use for over a year, and consider it in many respects, the best typewriter in the market. It is small, light and compact. It is as handsome as a watch, and looks more like an ornament than a thing of use. The Munson will do anything that any other will do, and as quickly and well, if not quicker and better. J. A. WALDRON, Frank Leslie's Illustrated Newspaper, New York City. After a year's use of the Munson typewriter, I heartily pronounce it as being unexcelled by any machine in the market. In the direction of clearness and beauty of type, and alignment, it is without a rival. L. J. LIVELY, Manager, D. Appleton & Co., Chicago. The Munson is certainly the equal of any machine for speed and general efficiency as an office machine; an I when it comes to traveling there is nothing like it. DR. E. J. WAGGONER, London, England. I like the Munson machine very much. It is doing me good service, and I can recommend it to all who want a typewriter. 0. A. OLSEN, Press.S. D. A. Gen. Conf., Battle Creek, Mich. I would not exchange my Munson typewriter for any typewriter on the market. L. C. CHADWICK, Pres. L T. & M. Soc., Bridgtown, Barbadoes. Address, The Munson Typewriter Co., Or, A. F. Ballenger, Special Agent, 162 La Salle St,. CHICAGO, ILL, 28 College Place, CHICAGO, ILL. 