1121 A.MIMEEICA.N  VOL. 11, No. ment of the supremacy of that divine law, lying at the basis of all legislation and administration, will help to secure practical conformity to its just and benign requirements on the part of any human gov-ernment. This is another truth plainly stated. There are some things that God has revealed not only in the sacred Scriptures but in the great book of Nature. The founders of this Re-public declared it to be a self-evident truth that " all men are created equal," and " that they are endowed by their Creator with cer-tain inalienable rights." Wherever this truth is seen and recognized, true civil liberty may be enjoyed without any intelligent recogni-tion of " Christ's perfect law," as such. There is no divine law higher than the Golden Rule: " Whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them." Indeed, it is the sum and acme of all law, and wherever there is practical recog- nition of this divine rule there is liberty. But there can be no practical recognition of the Golden Rule where there is an effort to coerce the conscience or to deny to men the rights of conscience. In the next paragraph the Statesman dis-cusses a phase of the question which should be considered seriously by everyone who pro-poses to clothe the Government, or any civil power, with authority to interpret the divine law. Our contemporary says:Š On the other hand, even when the perfect law of Christ is acknowledged as supreme in either Church or State, there may be such an interpretation and ap-plication of it as to infringe most grievously upon the civil and religious liberties of mankind. It only adds to the repulsiveness of despotism when men in power impose their own will upon others in the name of God. Rulers may formally acknowledge Christ's law as su-preme, and then give their distorted and unjust inter-pretation of it the absoluteness of the law itself, and compel obedience to whEit is in fact opposed by that very law which the governing power is professedly seeking to enforce. And this is just the very thing that is done and has been done by every government that has ever undertaken to enforce the divine law. It is just what this Government did when in its World's Fair legislation it under-took to decide what day is the Christian sabbath according to the fourth command-ment; and it is just what the Christian Statesman and its co-laborers in the National Reform movement would do should they be successful in their efforts to incorporate into the Constitution their proposed " Christian " amendment. Nor is this all. The Statesman proceeds to show that even a church may err in its interpretation of the divine law, and that " to attempt to enforce obedience in such cases in either Church or State is an infringement of the liberty of the subjects or members." The truth of this is too patent to require demonstration or argument, and it is scarcely conceivable that this was written by the same man who, only a few weeks ago, declared before a committee of Congress that the individual must yield his conscience to the majority, as quoted on page 170 of this paper. Our contemporary then proceeds after this fashion,  to show that Rome has failed to solve the problem of church authority, and denies very properly that the decisions of that church are entitled to rank with the utter- ances of the council held by the apostles at Jerusalem, as follows:Š Let us see how this infringement of liberty may have a place in the sphere of the Church. A church having the Christian name will as a matter of course make its final appeal to the law of Christ. But it is possible for any church to err in its understand-ing of that perfect law and to base unjust legislation upon it. Christ, the divine and infallible Head of the Church, has given the keys of rightful ecclesiastical authority to the human officers of  her government, and has promised to them his Ł Holy Spirit to lead them into all truth. But this is not a promise of infallibility. It is parallel with the divine appointment in the civil sphere of the magis-trate as " the minister of God." The civil magistrate is the minister of God in doing what is in harmony with the divine law of civil life. But if he transgresses that law, as he may, his authority in such transgres-sion loses the only foundation on which it can rest. In like manner ecclesiastical rulers may transgress the divine law of the Church, and when they do so trans-gress, their authority so far becomes invalid. To at-tempt to enforce obedience in such cases in either Church or State is an infringement of the liberty of the subjects or members. The attempt of Romanism to solve the difficulty as to, authority by clothing the Church either in her ecu-menical councils or in her supreme pontiffs, in their deliverance ex cathedra or as the official head of the ecclesiastical government, with infallibility, is in its very nature the subversion of the liberty of men. The appeal to the decision of the council at Jerusalem, of which we have the record in the 15th chapter of the Acts, as a warrant for the infallibility of the Church of later times, and for the irreformability of her offi-cial decrees, is based on a mistaken ground. That council was divinely guided in doing what became a part of the infallible law of Christ. What it decreed was what seemed good to the Holy Ghost as well as to the council itself. Acts 15: 58. To put the decrees of later councils or of supreme pontiffs on the same level is to make them in effect a part of the inspired and infallible word of God. The determination of Romanism to be possessed of an au-thority from which the consciences of men were to be allowed no release drove the system logically to the blasphemous dogma of the papal infallibility. And the very fact that this dogma imposes the papal de-crees, given ex cathedra, or from the pontiff in his of-ficial position and character, upon the consciences of men, is the proof that it is an assault on their civil and religious liberties. The supposed possession of such infallibility by any human being, individual or collective, necessarily be-gets and nourishes the spirit of despotism. It logi-cally denies to individual men and collective bodies of men the right to investigate and interpret the divine law for themselves. It represses the exercise of the intellectual faculties and dulls the moral sense. God gives moral law to men in all the relations of human life in such a form in his Holy Word as to stimulate thought and quicken conscience. Each individual is to decide for himself, like Peter and John, when he ought to obey God rather than men. And church councils and Roman pontiffs are included in the word " men " in this case no less than the Jewish Sanhe-drin. Require men to take God's law as given by any man or body of men as infallible, and the mainspring of the study of God's word and thus of all mental acŁ tivity and moral quickening is destroyed. Men become mentally and morally dependent on the power that in any emergency of human life gives the infallible and irreformable decision or decree to which all are re-quired to submit. The most essential principle of the Roman Catholic or papal system is this assumption of the, right of a mere mortal man to give deliverance on moral and re-ligious questions that are to bind the consciences of all other men as if the official utterances were the very voice of God. Where this principle is accepted no true civil or religious liberty can be enjoyed. Its assertion is a hindrance to all social progress. It imposes a barrier in the way of the communion of the individual soul with God as God speaks to each soul in his word. It represses the longings of the spirit of man for the indwelling of the Divine Spirit within itself to lead it into all truth. It denies both to the Church of Christ and to the State the progress in their individual mem-bers which is the only effectual means for the progress of the social and collective bodies themselves, and thus proves the worst of foes to civil and religious liberty. It is true, as the Statesman says, that the supposed possession of infallibility by any human power, individual or collective, neces-sarily begets and nourishes the spirit of des-potism, and this is the very thing against which James Madison warned the American people a century ago, when he declared: "It is at least impossible for the magistrate to adjudge the right of preference among the various sects that profess the Christian faith without erecting a claim to infallibility which would lead us back to the church of Rome." This, however, is the very thing which Na-tional Reformers propose to do, namely, to so amend the Constitution as not only to make it possible for the civil authorities "to adjudge the right of preference among the various sects that profess the Christian faith," but to  make it absolutely necessary for Congress or the courts to do that very thing, and this would erect a claim to infallibility that will inevitably lead the Government and the whole people, if not back to the church of Rome in name, at least back to the principles that governed that church, and to an image of the Roman hierarchy. The editor of the States-man has certainly written better than he knew. SOME " REASONS " FOR THE " CHRISTIAN AMENDMENT." SOME of the " reasons " by which the party striving for the so-called "Christian" amend-ment to the Constitution are endeavoring to persuade the Christian people of the coun-try to join with them in their effort, are given by the Christian Statesman, of April 25, in an article " prepared by direction of the sub-executive committee of the National Reform Association," to be " sent to bodies of Christians, such as presbyteries, confer-ences, conventions, ministers' associations, etc., etc., all over the country." That they are arguments only in name, will be readily apparent from a brief inspection; it is strange, indeed, that their sophistical character should not be apparent even to these " reformers " themselves. But the latter must of course be given credit for honesty in their opinions. We are told, in the first place, that there are two theories of the relations of civil gov-ernment to God and religion; that " the one is that civil government has nothing to do with God and cannot touch religion anywhere, which is the secular theory; the other is that it properly has to do and must have to do with God and religion, and this is the Chris-tian theory." In this statement of the case an attempt is made to mislead the reader at the very start by setting up a distinction which does not exist in fact. It is begging the question to say that the Christian theory demands that civil government must concern itself with God and religion. That is a religious theory, but not all that is religious is Christian. Pagan religion is much more widespread in our world than Christianity; and as a matter of fact this theory has pertained to all the great pagan systems of which history tells us. It had its origin in them, and through the PapacyŠthat combination of pagan principles and Christian formsŠhas been transmitted to our own times. There are very many Christians who hold to the secular theory of civil government; not, however, in the sense of total disconnec-tion from God as portrayed by the National Reform argument, but as being ordained of God, as declared in Romans 13: 1. God has ordained that there should be civil govern-ment in this world, in order that the world may not be filled with anarchy, and "that we may lead a quiet and peaceable life, in all godliness and honesty." 1 Tim. 2: 1, 2. God has created all men equal, and wishes all to live in the enjoyment of their equal rights. This is the secular theory of the ordained sphere of civil government, and it is the one which accords with Scripture and with the Golden Rule. It ought therefore to be held by all Christians. The " reform " argument appeals to prece-edent in the matter of the employment of chaplains by the Government to officiate in connection with the transaction of public business by Congress, or with the exercises of the army and navy, and says, " The only thing consistent with the secular theory is to discontinue prayers in Congress." True; 