VOL. B, No. whether such a special plea would hold, for in the Congressional Record of July 10, on the presentation of this section of the Civil Sundry bill, in the Senate Mr. Allison said, in reply to a question from Mr. Palmer, that :Š The language intended to cover the character of the coins is found, beginning in line 11, after the word " treasury " :Š " Which coins shall be of the same weight and fineness and have in all other respects the same quality as the silver half dollar now authorized by law." If there is any other language that can be added to that which will give to these half dollars the qualities that other half dollars possess, I should like to have it suggested to me. MR. PALMER ŠI am not expressing my own doubts. MR. ALLISON. ŠI understand; but it seems to me this question is absolutely clear. These half dol-lars by this law become a legal tender as all other half dollars are now and they are to have on them substantially the same superscription, to wit, that it is a half dollar, and I suppose the usual sur-roundings, etc., of a half dollar. If it is true that these souvenir half dollars became a legal tender as all other half dollars and with the usual surround-ings of an ordinary half dollar, Congress can not refuse to receive any other legal tender half dollar in lieu of them and this special plea of specific performance in the return of the individual souvenir half dollars, would fail. Another claim that is likely to be made is, that the Sunday-closing proviso is attached not only to the appropriation of 5,000,000 souvenir half dollars but also to all other appropria-tions or donations made by the United States towards the Exposition. It is not easy to see how such a plea as this can hold in the face of the fact that appropriations had been made by Congress previous to the 5,000,000 half dollar appropriation and the adoption of the Sunday-closing proviso. Congress can not, legally, any more than a private individual, attach ex post facto conditions to gifts or appro-priations. If appropriations were made by Congress and accepted by the World's Fair authorities previous to the passage of this Sunday-closing proviso, Congress could not give the Sunday-closing pro-vision a retroactive effect, and condition previously made appropriations upon the Sunday closing of the Fair. Two conflicting reports have been made to the National Commission by its Judi-ciary Committee, to whom the resolution for Sunday opening was referred. Of the five members of the committee, three re- ported-against Sunday opening and two in favor. The majority report considers the question at length, but the point of the whole matter rests in the fact that it is the man-date of Congress that the Fair shall be closed on Sundays, and the commissioners being a national body created by Congress, have no authority outside of Congress, and are compelled to carry out its behests. It is interesting to see what the outgrowth of this pretendedly harmless proviso for Sun- day closing has been. It is now openly declared to be a statute of the supreme Gov-ernment and a mandate of Congress. Al- though not so stated in this report, the com- missioners have even gone so far as to say that the World's Fair Directory, having received the appropriation and accepted the proviso, have now no right to recede from that position even by the return of the amount appropriated, but must now necessarily proceed with the Fair under a Sunday-closing regime. The minority re- port, to which the names of Commis-sioners J. W. St. Clair, of West Virginia, and J. R. Burton, of Kansas, are attached, is in favor of the opening of the gates of  the Exposition on Sunday because it is believed "to be for the best interests of the Exposition and the public." The opinion is given that the withholding by Congress of $575,880 of the appropriation was a breach of faith on the part of Con-gress sufficient to release the World's Fair authorities from their obligations as re-gards the Sunday-closing proviso. It is further said that " it is a very much mooted question whether or not Congress had the power, under the Constitution of the United States, to prohibit the opening of the gates of the Exposition on Sunday, as provided in the souvenir coin act." What conclusion the discussion of these two reports may bring forth it is impos-sible to foretell. That which can be seen in this matter is that the central Government has as-sumed to itself unwarrantable powers such as have never before been attempted to be exercised in the history of the United States, and it can be foreseen that the out-come of it is to be extremely serious. W. H. M. Chicago, Ill., May 23. Maryland Justice. READERS of the SENTINEL know that J. W. Judefind, a conscientious observer of the seventh-day Sabbath and an up-right citizen, is now serving out a thirty days' sentence in the Chestertown, Kent County, 1Vid.,jail, for husking corn last fall near his house on Sunday. They also know that Isaac Baker, another Sev-enth-day Adventist, living on Kent Island, Queen Anne's County, Md., was recently arrested for plowing on Sunday, and fined $5 and costs by the magistrate. He appealed his case to the Circuit Court that convened at Centreville last month, with Judge Robinson presiding. On re-quest of his counsel, James T. Ringgold, of the Baltimore Bar,. Mr. Baker's case was continued till the November term in order that a decision of the Court of Ap-peals upon the Judefind case could be rendered. Since that time Governor Brown has appointed Judge Robinson chief judge of the Court of Appeals, for the State of Maryland. One day last week as Judge Robinson was on the train between Centreville and Millington, Md., I introduced myself as one bearing the same name, and stated that I had seen him at Centreville when the Baker case was brought before him. He immediately asked if Judefind was still in jail; and when he learned that such was the case he excitedly exclaimed, " He ought to be there, and all the rest of the insignificant sect who believe such silly nonsense should be there with him!" From this he went on in a rapid manner to say that there was no use to take an appeal in these cases, that the Sunday law did not relate to any religious ques-tion, and that the conscience of no one suffered because it was enforced. I was astonished at the lack of candor and grav-ity, to say nothing of common courtesy, manifested in voice and manner by one holding a high judicial office. I assured the Judge that I did not wish to argue with him in reference to which day is the Sabbath, or on any theological question, but that I thought he should consider the principles involved before he rendered such a sweeping decision. I stated that Seventh-day Adventists could not refrain from common labor on Sunday without doing violence to conscience. The law  was in the interest of a church dogma they did not believe and could not obey without destroying the very distinction God has made in the fourth command-ment between the Sabbath and other days. I stated that it was not stubbornness on their part, but that they regarded the portion of the command which says, Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work," as imperative, and that they could not regularly refrain from work on another day than the seventh, even though the penalty of the civil law for disobedi-ence was death itself. This only pro-voked a contemptuous sneer from the Judge, for their foolishness, and he as-serted that conscience was not in the mat-ter at all. I requested him to explain how he knew the consciences of other men, and reminded him that their rights were just as sacred to them as his were to himself. It has never been my misfor-tune to meet a man more devoid of the true idea of religious liberty than the one who now occupies the place of Chief Jus-tice in the Court of Appeals, the highest court in the State. It seemed as though the stake and the faggot could again be seen waiting for those who will not obey the dictates of the Church when supported by the civil law. In view of facts daily occurring it is plain to see whither our legislative and judicial branches of Government are drift-ing. Congress passes laws closing the World's Fair on Sunday to please the churches. The Supreme Court has al-ready declared this to be a " Christian Na-tion," and State courts stand ready to in-flict the dire vengeance of the law upon every one who does not submit to dis-honor God and his own manhood. Surely the prophecy of Rev. 13: 11-17 is being fulfilled, and the papal spirit is abroad in the land. For daring to proclaim the warning of Rev. 14 :9-12 against this wicked work, Seventh-day Adventists are now the special objects of persecution.' But their cause is the cause of every man who loves truth and honor more than hypocrisy or slavery. Thousands are rousing to meet the danger, and soon this Sabbath question will be a familiar one in all the homes of this land. 0 God, strengthen the hands of those who fight the battle for truth and liberty ! H. E. ROBINSON. Politics and Religion. A Correspondent Who Believes In Their Ab-solute Divorcement. HUMAN la* is designed to prevent one human being from injuring another. Hence, so far as the State is concerned, a man has a right to do any thing he sees fit to do, so long as he does not interfere with the rights of any one else. I can not even on my own premises deprive any citizen of pure air to breathe, who lives joining me, by erecting a slaughter house, a huge hog pen, or anything calculated to create a stench that will be detrimental to my neighbor or to the community. I have no right to fence up a traveled road leaving no way to get round, neither can I buy land all round my neighbor and thus keep him in or out of place. I can not keep a railroad from crossing my land, because it is a public highway. If I am keeping a public place, as a store, hotel, or post-office, I have no right to prevent (by violence or otherwise) any one from coming in and transacting any business in my line. If I do I am violating the rights 