320 AMERICAN SENTINEL_ American $entineL NEW YORK, MAY 19, 1898. THE richest man in the world is he who has a sound body and a sound character. And God means that every person shall have both. SOME interesting facts relative to the drift of the nation away from American principles of government, are set forth in the article on "Amer-icanism" (see p. 311). There is more of serious import in such facts than the writer is willing to admit. APPROPRIATIONS for the war made by the Government have "footed up" thus far to about $200,000,000. The Secretary of the Treasury, it is said, figures on an expenditure of $25,000,,000 monthly after July 1 till the war is ended. AT the great papal jubilee held in this city a few days ago, one speaker made what some Protestants have said was a "good point," by men-tioning that the starving reconcen-trados in Cuba were Catholics as well as the Spanish; and hence entitled to the sympathy and aid of Catholics in this country. Very true; but Catho-lics here did nothing in behalf of these poor people until the United States Government took action in the mat-ter against Spain. It was plainly the attitude of the Government that developed this sudden interest on their part in the poor reconcentra-dos. AN interesting decision was ren-dered the other day up in Maine on the question of exemptions in the law for Sunday observance (see p. 313). The reader will remember that re-cently in Plainfield, N. J., where sev-enth-day observers are exempt by State law, the authorities decided that such persons might work on Sunday provideQ it was done so se-cretly that nobody would know of it. They might keep open store on Sun-day, if it was done with doors closed  and windows curtained. This was the way the authorities construed the exemption there. And now a Maine court has passed upon the same question and announces that seventh-day storekeepers in that State must close up on Sundays, be-cause while they may do work them-selves under the exemption, they are not allowed by it to cause others to work. It is a queer decision, but it is very instructive, in a way. MOMENTOUS results have already developed from the war, apart alto-gether from the field of its opera-tions. This countryŠnay, all Eu-ropeŠwill never be after the war what it was before; this much is evi-dent even now. The policies of all the Powers will be different. An Anglo Saxon alliance is foreshadowed Šis indeed already a virtual fact; and the other great powers realize that they must shape their plans to meet it. The papacy also is taking a hand in the matter and manipulat-ing schemes which have vast possi-bilities behind them. This little war, in short, is big enough to most pro-foundly affect the history of the world. THE Spanish forces in Cuba are hard pressed for means of subsist-ence, and the Cuban forces are re-ported to be almost destitute of pro-visions. Under such circumstances the condition of the non-combatants can be imagined ; and unless relief reaches them soon, not many of them will be left to reap the benefits which it was supposed the war was to bring them. INTERNAL disturbances almost as serious as those which are shaking the throne of Spain, have broken out in Italy. At Milan, the center of the disorder, a pitched battle was re-ported between the rioters and the troops, resulting in terrible loss of life. It is asserted as a truth which -the Italian authorities are doing their utmost to keep quiet, that parts of Italy are in a state of actual revolu-tion. In one provinceŠTuscanyŠmartial law has been declared. And there is distress in other parts of Europe besides Italy. France, al- most simultaneously with Ita]y and Spain, gave notice of distress among her people by suspending the import duties on wheat and other grains. The wheat crop in Europe has been a short one; and Europe, in such a case, looks largely to America to sup-ply the deficiency. But on account of the war, the importations from America are greatly restricted; and the effect of the war is felt by some of the nations of Europe almost as severely as would be the case were they engaged in war themselves. This is one reason why Europe does not want the war to continue, and would intervene if she could do so with good prospect of success. In one way or another, it is war that is at the bottom of the distress in Europe everywhere. Italy has for years been staggering under the ter-rible incubus put on her by the "Triple Alliance." She was bound by it to maintain an enormous ar-mament; the result being quite satis-factory to GermanyŠthe chief party in the allianceŠbut most distressing to the poor Italians. It was like a poor man joining a rich man's club; in the endeavor to keep pace with them he only makes himself poorer than ever. The money of the poor people that should have been spent for bread has been spent for muni-tions of war. It is getting to be with the masses of Europeans very much as it was with a certain body of French knights some centuries ago in a battle with the English. The knights wore ar-mor so heavy that when they were unhorsed in the combat they were unable to remount or to wield their arms with effect, and were at the mercy of their opponents. Under the weight of the vast military arma-ments, the people of Europe are hardly able to move, and the protec-tion they most need is something to keep them from being utterly crushed by the burden of militarism they are supporting. Militarism is getting to be as great a curse to the civilized world as rum. 