both in sickness and health. In ordering, please remember that the rate of freight on 25 lbs. will be the same as on 100 lbs. Remit by Bank Draft, Money Order, Express Order, or Postal Note. No private checks accepted. During the month of November last we have added new and improved machinery to our plant and otherwise increased our manufacturing facilities. Therefore, with these superior ad-vantages, we promise the consumers of Health Foods a nicer and more palatable article in this line than has ever before been produced. Write us for special rates on large loth. REFERENCES. To whom it may concern: We, the undersigned, residents of Battle Creek, Mich., take pleasure in stating that Mr. Joseph Smith, manager of the Health Food Department of the Battle Creek Bakery Co., has resided in Battle Creek for nearly 20 years, and is a competent and responsible man, and of long experience in his line of busi-ness, and one whose goods we can heartily recommend to the public. IJRIALI SMITH, Editor Review and Herald. HON. W. C. GAGE, Ex-Mayor. J. B. KRUG, of Krug's Business College. THOMAS H. BRIGGS, M. D. HON. GEORGE WILLARD, Pub. Journal. S. S. FRENCH, M. D. R. T. KINGMAN, Vice-President City Dank M. RORABACHER, M. D. HON. W. H. MASON, postmaster. Hex. J. W. BAILEY, Ex-Mayor. T. E. SANDS, M. D. FEB. 9, 1893. AMIEFtICA,N gETVIL'INIMLA. 47 sentially pagan, and belong to the age of heathen oracles, human sacrifices, and wooden gods. Again, let us examine your position from another point of view. You say the commandment " does not indicate what day of the week that rest day, or Sabbath, shall fall on." If the commandment does not indicate what day is the Sabbath, God intended it should not, and what right, then, have you to indicate which day is the Sabbath of the command-ment by your " civil laws " ? It is your place to obey God and not to legislate for him. You declare that this commandment is indefinite, and that the " only way " to make it definite " is to enact civil laws." To show you the absurdity of your position, I will write these " civil laws" as an amendment to the commandment, as follows: Provided that the expression " the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God," ana " the Lord . . . rested the seventh day, wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day and hallowed it," shall not be so construed as to teach that "the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God," or that God " rested the seventh day," or that he " blessed the seventh day and hallowed it," but on the contrary, the expression "the seventh day is the Sabbath " and sinajlar expressions, shall be so construed as to teachAhat the first day commonly called Sunday is the Sabbath in the meaning of this statute. Provided further that all those who refuse to accept this interpretation of the fourth command-ment, shall be placed in the chain-gang and worked on the common highway, until such time as they are willing to submit to this manifest meaning of the commandment. When God gave this commandment with his own voice amid the awful grandeur of Sinai, he could have added this amendment if he had so desired, but the Word states, "These words the Lord spake unto all the assembly in the mount, out of the midst of the fire, of the cloud, and of the thick darkness with a great voice : and he added no more." And the reason why he added no more is, because he wanted no more added ; for he says, " If any man shall add unto these things, God shall add unto him the plagues that are written in this book." Again hoping that you may see the absurdity of your position, I am Your friend, A. F. BALLENGER. To the foregoing letter the following reply was received. It needs no comment. However, the reader is asked to examine the correspondence carefully, and note that the editor of the Carriage World, failing to find argument with which to silence his correspondent, yearns for the argument of the Dark Ages,Š" some legal way whereby such seditious peisons . . . could be restrained as dangerous to the welfare of the community and the public at large." The reader will also notice that a defense of the divine law, as spoken by God himself, is regarded as " open defiance of law, both of God and men," and he who is loyal to the grand constitutional guarantee of religious liberty, bequeathed to us by such men as Washington, Jefferson, Madison, and Roger Williams, is to-day, according to the Sunday- law advocate, "a traitor at heart, plotting against the best interests of free America." (A F. BALLENGER Cincinnati, Ohio, Jan. 25, 1893. Mk. A. F. BALLENGER, Chicago, Ill. Dear Sir: Your letter of January 23rd, like the others, is a hodge-podge of inconsistencies. But it is not worth your while to try to convince me of the correctness of your views. You are trying to show simply, that there ought not to be any Sab-bath at all. You are trying to prove that the Lord appointed Saturday as the Sabbath day, but you have most signally failed in doing it. You have tried to prove that you have the right to disobey the laws of our country and to incite others to do so. You have failed to make a case. You have tried to show that you are interfered with in your religious freedom, but you have failed to show it. You have tried to show that the most benignant government that men ever lived under is a despotic one, and because its laws can not be broken with impunity, and the bulwark of religious freedom in  this country,Šour Sabbath laws,Šdestroyed, that you have a reason for branding it as equal in its spirit of darkness to that of the old Roman Empire. You act as if you did not know that you are a traitor at heart, plotting against the best interests of free America. You talk about bigotry; but there is no bigot equal to yourself. You talk about wickedness, but there is none equal to your open defiance of law, both of God and men. You talk about " converting " men from error; you hypocrite, " first cast out the beam out of your own eye, then shall you see clearly to cast out the mote out of your brother's eye." You have shown your ignorance about the com-monest principles of government, religious tolera-tion, and Christianity. You quote my words and twist them to mean HEALTH FOODS. PURE CRACKERS AND BISCUITS, and Cereal Coffee MANUFACTURED BY THE BATTLE CREEK BAKERY COMPANY ESTABLISHED IN 1881. WE manufacture a choice line of these goods, entirely free from lard and all adulterations, at the following prices:Š "A" Fruit Biscuits, white flour, - sweetened, per lb. 15c "Be 4/ " whole wheat flour, " .... " " .....15c Fruit Crackers, not sweetened, .... " " .....15c Lemon Cream Biscuits,  44 46 " Graham 44 " .....12c Oat Meal 44 C4 " " .....12c "A" Graham Crackers slightly sweetened " " .....10c "Be '' 44    not sweetened  " " ..10c "D" Graham Cra,ker, (water crackers for dys-peptics Oat Meal " slightly sweetened "" ....10c . not sweetened..... " .....10c Whole Wheat Crackers, White very palatable, ... 4, .....10C Carbon 46 44 15c Gluten 44 CC ..100 Cereola, a prepared grain food, in bulk, ... " " .....10c (The same as formerly advertised under the name "Granola.") Pure Gluten, in bulk,. ..per lb 40c Wheat " 44 44 Cereal Coffee, prepared from grains only, a very  choice and healthful drink, in one and a half lb. packages (Once used, never again refused), 25c Goods to the value of eight dollars, will be sent on the re-ceipt of six dollars, being 25 per cent. discpunt. We are now prepared to supply in large quantities the small, round Butter Crackers, purely butter shortened, and deal _rs wishing to handle such will do well to write us for prices, stat-ing how many barrels they wish to purchase, etc. The pr ce per barrel of about 50 lbs. is seven and one half cents per lb. 0reola and Gluten are prepared foods, thoroughly cooked and ready for use by the addition of some fluid, as milk and cream, fruit juice or water, as best agrees with the individual. Cercola is a universal Health Food, and is calculated for use Address, BATTLE CREEK BAKERY CO., Battle Creek, Mich. The Munson Typewriter A Chicago Product. Latest and Best. SPEEDŠWonderful. TOUCHŠLight and Elastic. WEIGHTŠWithout Case 11 Pounds 12 oz. KEYSŠThirty, with Ninety Characters. KEYBOARDŠUniversal, Easily Learned. ALIGNMENTŠPerfect and Permanent. TYPE WHEELŠSteel and Interchangeable. LANGUAGESŠSeven. I have had a Munson typewriter in constant use for over a year, and consider it in many respects, the best typewriter in the market. It is su,11, light and compact. It is as handsome as a watch, and looks more like an ornament than a thing of use. The Munson will do anything that any other will do, and as quickly and well, if not quicker and better. J. A. WALDRON, _Prank Leslie's Illustrated Newspaper, New York City. After a year's use of the Munson typewriter, I heartily pronounce it as being unexcelled by any machine in the market. In the direction of clearness and beauty of type, and alignment, it is without a rival. L. J. LIVELY, Manager, D. Appleton ce Co., Chicago. The Munson is certainly the equal of any machine for speed and general efficiency as an office machine; and when it comes to traveling there is nothing like it. DR. E. J. WAGGONER, London, England. I like the Munson machine very much. It is doing me good service, and I can recommend it to all who want a typewriter. 0. A. OLSEN, Pres. S. D. A. Gen. Conf., Battle Creek, Mich. I would not exchange my Munson typewriter for any typewriter on the market. L. C. CHADWICK, Pres. I. T. ce M. Soc., Bridgtown, Barbadoes. Address, The Munson Typewriter Co., Or, A. F. Ballenger, Special Agent, 162 La Salle St., CHICAGO, 28 College Place, CHICAGO, ILL. contrary to their plain sense ; you even falsify them. You do not wish to know the truth. You love darkness rather than light. Your mind is warped and you can not discern between the good and the evil. You make God a liar, by misquoting scripture, and attaching mean-ings to it which no person in his right senses could possibly attach. The very crimes which you charge upon others, you are guilty of yourself in a magni-fied degree. There are but two excuses which can account for your attitude. You are either crazy or desperately wicked; and there ought to be some legal way whereby such seditious persons as you are could be restrained, as dangerous to the welfare of the community and the public at large. Yours, D. W. MILLER, (Editor Carriage World.) 61.13, 44 CA .-10e 