AMERICAN SENTINEL. 373 cial reference to the effect of alcoholic drinks, stimulants, and narcotics upon the human system; and that no cer-tificate should be granted any person to teach in the state who "shall not pass a satisfactory examination" (after a certain early date which I cannot recall) "in physiology and hygiene, with particular reference to the effects of alcoholic drinks, stimulants and narcotics upon the human system." The legislature of Michigan passed the same or a sim-ilar law in '83, and from that time Mrs. Hunt and her heroic band of state superintendents have been bringing state after state into the temperance educational proces-sion, until at this date but four remain to be persuaded. The National Congress quite early in her campaign passed a law making this line of instruction a part of the regular course in the District of Columbia; in all territo-ries, and all naval and military schools; this being the extent of their power to legislate in school matters. Dur-ing all these years Mrs. Hunt has almost lived in state legislatures personally watching every bill on its passage and all for the sake of the growing children in your home. We are now far enough away from the first starting point in the Cold Water Army movement to begin to reap samples of the harvest, and while some of us know from the statement of the Word which is given for our counsel that these dreams of a reconstructed and purified society cannot be realized in this age of the world's his-tory, yet we do know that the labor is not in vain in the Lord, because of results which have already been har-vested. Thousands of men have grown up under this better teaching to be strictly total abstainers who under the influence of their natural environment would other-wise have necessarily been left untaught to fall a prey to the same evils which had slain their fathers; and thus the fact is attested that God was in the principle of "Preven-tion" as it had been revealed to us, that it was an essen-tial part of that All that is in Christ, and that he was pleased to honor the efforts, which if not perfect, if not even the best that we ought to have done, were yet so honest in the motive which was behind them that he could recognize and use them in bringing men to the knOvvledge of his Son. I have myself had many beautiful surprises in the years that have passed since the organization of that first Cold Water Army, and they are still coming in the nature of firstfruits of the harvest which shall be reaped by and by. The personal correspondence and experiences of all our women are full of just such tokens of the truth that "Ye shall reap if ye faint not." I was invited to a certain western city for evangelis-tic work. Upon my arrival I was met in the most cor-dial manner by four bearded men who greeted me almost like sons, and in explanation told me that they had been in my first Cold Water Army; had taken that "oath" on the Court House Green, and had been kept by it from fall-ing into the drinking habits of their associates in the new West, for they had determined never to break that sol- emn promise. They had all become Christians; were members of the three churches, and honoraries of the one W. C. T. U. of the town, and had united to invite me to bring the gospel to their neighbors. Will you wonder if I tell you that I looked at them through wet eyes out of a laughing heart? And that I enjoyed the two weeks of service in which I was con-stantly supported by these four men and their wives, pastors, and associates in church work? The memory of it has always been refreshing, and also has served to il-lustrate the principle with which we started out, that all truth leads to Christ. The Duty of the Christian Soldier. JOHN the Baptist was the forerunner of Christ. His work was to "prepare the way of the Lord," to "make straight in the desert a highway for our God." All things which John spake of Christ were true as even the Jews admitted; while our Saviour himself declared that "among them that are born of women there hath not arisen a greater than John the Baptist." Therefore no doctrine can come to us with any higher sanctions than the teaching of John. It was John's work to prepare the way for the new dispensation, therefore he spoke not alone to the Jews but to us as well. The morality which he taught was the morality, not of pagan philosophers, nor yet of self-righteous Pharisees, but the morality of Christ. The duties which John enjoined may not be neglected; the rules of conduct which he prescribed are in force to-day. What, then, did John declare to be the proper course of action for one who being a soldier would become also a Christian? "And the soldiers likewise demanded of him, saying, And what shall we do? And he said unto them, Do vio-lence to no man, neither accuse any falsely; and be con-tent with your wages." Luke 3:14. Obs rye that John did not say, Do violence to no man privately, or until commanded so to do by your superiors, but "Do violence to no man." The marginal reading is, "Put no man in fear." It must be evident that a "war" conducted on such principles would be even more peaceful and bloodless than Mr. McKinley's peace-ful blockade of Havana which has caused no little dissat-isfaction to the advocates of an energetic prosecution of the war with Spain. And not only would it be more peaceful than a peaceful blockade, but it would be like-wise infinitely more effective, for only the Christian is capable of waging such a war; and his weapons "are not carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds." 2 Cor. 10:4. Of course, from the standpoint of the world, the sol-dier who would heed the inspired admonition, "Do vio-lence to no man," would be of no use as a soldier; but this only shows that Christianity, as taught in the Scrip-tures, and the spirit of war are irreconcilable. The fol- 