AMERICAN SENTINEL. 731 seven women taking hold of one man, saying : " We will eat our own bread and wear our own apparel, only let us be called by thy name to take away our reproach." ' "S. D. A.Š`And Isa. 4:1 is your foundation for po_ lygamy? Read the connection and you will find that the Lord tells us through his servant there will come a great slaughter of men by war. There would be such a great devastation that there would scarcely be one man in seven left, where, as an average, God has created the sexes about equal. And for that cause the women would change the usual method in their depraved vanity and make their court to the men and propose to support themselves. Modesty, their greatest virtue, was forgot-ten, and with them the reproach of vice was nothing to the reproach of virginity. When a person's heart is in rebellion against the law of God, it is wonderful what a poor, weak foundation he can stand upon to justify him-self in the indulgence of sin. I now understand why Mor-mon women are required to support themselves, `We cannot take one verse of the Scripture and say this is the truth, the way, and the life, but must compare scripture with scripture. Had God created man with a nature requiring more than one wife, he would have created a multiplicity of them to begin with. The divine nature is contented and satisfied with one wife,-  but the carnal human nature is not satisfied with one wife or one husband nor anything else. It is not subject to the law of God, neither indeed can be. You are Mormons because you have been raised Mormons; but if you are true servants of the Lord, you will, like Luther and the other reformers, break off from your church when you see she does not adhere to the Word of God, and denounce her errors and cling to the truth, no matter where it leads you. What day do you teach is the Sabbath?' "M. E., No. 2.Š'We teach the seventh day is the Sab-bath.' "S. D. A.Š`I was not aware your church had made that reformation.' -K. E., No. 2.Š'We teach Sunday is the seventh day.' -S. D. A.Š'Well, dear me! So you break up the chronology of time to suit your teaching! Look at that calendar hanging on the wall before you. Does it not show that Sunday is the first day of the week? Don't all the world claim that it is the first day, and that they-keep it for the Sabbath because Christ rosefrom thegrave on that day? but without any command or authority for doing so, however. The seventh day is the Sabbath; and God has made it as emphatic as was possible to do in the fourth commandment. If I were you, I would cut loose from error; I would preach truth, which is easy to do when you have the power of the Holy Spirit to lead you by the Word of God, which is the sword of the Spirit which cuts away darkness and error. It is an uphill busi-ness to strive against God.' -M. E., No. 1.Š'Well, madam, we are traveling with-out scrip or purse, depending wholly upon the charity of the people for our support. We would be pleased to get entertainment overnight.' "S. D. A.Š'Were you teachers of truth I wouldgladly entertain you; but I cannot think of supporting you in leading the people in rebellion against God's law.' "K. E., No. 1.Š'Well, then, as it is getting late, we must be seeking entertainment elsewhere. We will bid you good-bye.' "S. D. A.Š`Good-bye.' " Natural Rights. DEAR youthful readers of the SENTINEL: Do you not know that God, the Creator, has given to eavh. living thing that he has made, from man down to the lowest form of nature, certain rights of which they cannot lightly or cruelly be deprived without doing them an injustice that would displease the Lord? God made the beasts, the birds, the fishes, and the insects, and designed that they all should be just as happy and contented as it was possible for them to be. Their lives are generally short, and every noble-hearted boy, or man, and the girls, too, will try to make them happy. When I visit a family and see the domestic fowls gather round father, mother, or children when they go into the yard, I think that surely the family are kind-hearted toward each other; but when the fowls hasten away, or the cat and the dog act afraid at the approach of any one, my thought is, This is a disagreeable family and one which does not respect the natural rights of man or beast. Do not disturb the nests of birds. God was not dis-pleased when they built their nests even in his temple. See Ps. 74:3. Do not rob the little squirrel of his store of nuts, for God gave them to him for food, and he has laid them up for his winter supply. Surprise him by add-ing corn to his store. Be kind to the horse, the cow, and all animals. They may not understand your words, but your voice and manner will please them. When among domestic animals, let the girls especially sing if they can. Some animals are delighted with instrumental music. You may speak of the dog, the cat, the pony, or the canary as your own, and they may be yours rather than the property of somebody else; but remember that they all belong to God first of all and all the time, and he only lends them to you as his servants. God says, "Every beast of the forest is mine, and the cattle upon a thou_ sand hills. I know all the fowls of the mountains: and the wild beasts of the field are mine." Ps. 50:10,11. See that the domestic fowls and animals under your care have comfortable houses and stalls, and that they are well fed. It is their God-given right, and it will make you more tender-hearted to respect it. When you can do so, put out some grain for the wild fowls, too. Do not hunt the birds or animals, and kill them with gunshots. It is cruel, and never would have 