324 A.MMEZICAN VOL. 8, No. 41. jority of them are engaged in agriculture, but in the towns a good many Stundist artisans may be foundŠmillers, smiths, carpenters, tailors, etc. I will close this article with a few extracts from the Russian press, from the writings of men altogether hostile to Stundists, but men, nevertheless who have been obliged to testify to their worth and superiority to the ordinary Russian moujik. A writer in. the Kief Diocesan Reporter, an ultra-Orthodox paper, says: " The character of the Stundists is as opposed to the use of force as to using deception." " All who really know them," says another well kno.n. writer, " recognize that they are honorable, terirp`erate, wise, industrious, devoted to work and to the enlightenment of their minds by reading." M. Emilyanoff, one of their bitterest enemies, is obliged to confess that "the Stundists are a most hard-working folk, peaceful, abstemious, truthful, sober in their language, and leading Christian lives. Such a thing as a crime is hardly known among them. Their highest duty, they consider, is to feed the hungry, to clothe the naked, to shelter the sick and the pilgrim." But perhaps the most strik-ing testimony to their moral elevation is contained in a report written by M. Shug-aevsky, an Orthodox official of the minis-try of justice, a gentleman who lived for many years in their midst, and who thor-oughly understood their origin and the trend of their movement. " They are remarkable for their pure morality," he writes. " In villages inhabited by Stund-ists crime finds no footing; the family life is a model of chastity and peace, and their relations to one another are those of sin-cere Christians. Thanks to their total abstinence from strong drink, their eco-nomical position stands infinitely higher than that of the Orthodox population, and as to their intellectual superiority there can be no doubt, for they can almost all read and are deeply versed in the precepts of the Holy Scriptures."ŠForeign Corres-pondence of the New York Observer. Vigilance Needed. IN a " stall " in the Government build-ing, at the World's Fair, there is, at this very time, persons soliciting names to a petition to have God recognized in the Constitution, and in the next " stall " is another petition to have the Bible taught in the public schools. And the awful truth is, that nearly everybody signs them ! I got this, directly, from one who has just returned from the Fair, where he was asked to sign these petitions. Brethren, what does this all mean? Is not the situ-ation an awful one? Is it not time to arouse and do active missionary work, by circulating the AMERICAN SENTINEL and other literature ? The alarming feature about these peti-tions is that many sign them, little think-ing what the result will be.ŠThe Reaper, Wash. Principle or Popularity? THERE is an infectiousness in the ex-ample of a crowd which only a firm back-bone of principle and some independence of mind, will enable us to resist. The tendency is to follow the multitude, even when it is to do evil. Men like to be on the side that is popular. They dread the reproach of singularity. There are those who would almost rather die than be out of the fashion, A crowd can ridicule, and  a crowd can intimidate. It may put pres-sure on us which we have not the moral courage to resist. A thing does not look so evil, when many are engaged in doing it. They do not, of course, call it evil. They put new names upon it, and laugh at us for our scruples. This may lead us to think that the course in which we are asked to join is not so very bad after all. So we belie or dissemble our real convic-tions, and do what the crowd bids us. . . As counteractives to the influence of the crowd we do well to remember that the vox populi is not always vox Dei; that the fashion of the day can never make that right which the law of God declares to be wrong; that the voice of the multi-tude is one thing to-day, and another thing to-morrow, while truth and duty remain one and the same.ŠPulpit Commentary. A Left-handed Blow at the Jews. IN the Republic of Switzerland " popu-lar sovereignty " has reached its most ex-treme development in the constitutional device known as the Referendum, which gives the people power to veto laws passed by the Federal legislature, and to pass laws rejected by that body. A singular instance of the latter kind has just occurred. The Swiss Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals recently endeavored to secure the enactment of a law by the legislature prescribing that in slaughter-ing animals they must be made insensible before being bled, but the bill was rejected. Whether it was meant to be so or not, the act was a blow at the Jews, who are re-quired by the Talmud to bleed to death animals intended for food. The bill was thereupon referred to the popular vote, and has been approved. The adoption of this law is a virtual notice to the Jews of expulsion from Switzerland, unless they are prepared to turn vegetarians. The success of the measure is attributed to the ignorance or indifference of the people, who voted for it without understanding or caring for its effect upon the Jews. We trust that this is the case, for as it stands the law is a serious blot upon the fair fame of the ancient republic, which has been for so many centuries the home of liberty and justice. It is to be hoped that on sober second thought the hardship of the law will become apparent, and that it will be promptly repealed.ŠThe Exam-iner. London Sunday Papers. THE question of Sunday newspapers is just now being earnestly discussed in the United States, and the general verdict of Christians is that the Sunday paper is a perennial evil. While making a very ear-nest protest against a Sunday paper, the St. Louis Christian Advocate makes the following astounding statement : " Lon-don, with her five million inhabitants, has no Sunday newspaper." This will be news to the .people of the Metropolis who have become quite accustomed to hearing the Sunday newspapers cried by the news-boys. We are profoundly sorry that our contemporary's observation is wholly un-true. London has a surfeit of Sunday newspapers, and some of these have a phenomenal circulation, reaching as many as 500,000. Surely this does not look much like superior respect for the Lord's day on this side the Atlantic! Our con-temporary will have to try again.ŠChris-tian Commonwealth ( London), March 80, A Vain Expectation. THE Sabbath Outlook seems to antici-pate, as a result of the present agitation of the Sabbath question, a general return of Protestants to the observance of the Bible Sabbath. It is vain to expect any such thing. The language of the Apostle in 2 Tim. 3:1-5, forbids any such hope This know also, that in the last days perilous times shall come. For men shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy, with-out natural affection, truce-breakers, false accusers, incontinent, fierce, despisers of those that are good, traitors, heady, highminded, lovers of, pleasures more than lovers of God; having a form of godli-ness, but denying the power thereof : from such turn away. This is a picture of the professed church of Christ in the last days, for it describes those who have a form of godliness. The multitudes never have been loyal to God. God's people are the " little flock," the " remnant," etc., not the ma-jority. Said the Saviour:Š Enter ye in at the strait gate: for wide is the gate, and broad is the way, that leadeth to destruc-tion, and many there be which go in thereat: be-cause strait is the gate, and narrow is the way, which leadeth unto life, and few there be that find it. That this is not true simply of a portion of what is known as the gospel dispensa-tion, and that in the latter part of it all will be converted, is evident from the words of our Lord in Matt. 24: 37-39:Š But as the days of Noe were, so shall also the coming of the Son of man be. For as in the days that were before the flood they were eating and drinking, marrying and giving in marriage, until the day that Noe entered into the ark, and knew not until the flood came, and took them all away ; so shall also the coming of the Son of man be. The gospel is to " be preached in all the world for a witness unto all nations," but nowhere are we taught that it will convert all, or even the majority. God is taking out of the nations "a people for his name," but the gospel deals with individuals. " Though these three men, Noah, Daniel, and Job, were in it, they should deliver but their own souls by their righteousness, saith the Lord." Protestants Still Protest. REFERRING to Dr. O'Gorman, of the Roman Catholic University of Washing-ton, D. C., at the Parliament of Religions, Rev. Dr. David James Burrell, pastor of the Marble Collegiate Presbyterian Church of this city, said:Š We could not have trouble, for the church which he represents, and the church which commands my allegiance hold the whole matter of Christianity in common, in that we believe in our one Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, and with him and his people, as with me and mine, Christ is first, last, and all in all. Does not the fawning doctor know that " Rome never changes " ? and that tens of thousands of martyrs have laid down their lives as a protest against Rome's denial of Christ in that she denies justification by faith and teaches justification by penance and "good works" ? Did Huss and Je-rome die and Luther and Wyckliffe labor in vain, that men who now call themselves Protestants thus fawn upon the " man of sin," and flatter the "mystery of iniq-uity " ? Has the blood of fifty millions of martyrs been shed in vain ? God forbid ! The Lord still has in Israel those who have not bowed the knee to Rome, nor kissed the Pope's toe, nor ceased to protest against Rome's wicked denial of Christ by substituting for his merits penance and "good works." Protestants still protest, 