AMERICAN SENTINEL. 131 produced Fisher Ames and Patrick Henry. His elo-cluence wes so overpowering as to melt his bitterest ene-mies to tears, and make them forget where they were. He was, perhaps, the most magnetic man that has lived since Julius Caesar. . . Barely missing the Presidency, and easily first as Vice-President, he spent most of his life in a blaze of glory, and has left to posterity a name which will be the synonym for infamy as long as Ameri-can history is read, or American politics discussed among men. . . No; civilization hath "no relish of salvation" in it. Between Christianity and civilization there is, indeed, an antithesis which is too frequently overlooked, even by thoughtful men. Civilization is mainly a social force, operating upon a community . Christianity is a spiritual force, operating upon the individual. It is about as difficult to civilize an individual as it is to convert a State. Rough people can be converted Among the Greeks one and the same word meant "morals" and "manners." The same linguistic phe-nomenon appears in Latin; and the reason is that morals were manners, and nothing more. However highly " cultivated " a heathen people may be they will still be barbarians morally. Christianity makes an im-mense difference between morals and manners. Samuel Johnson was not so "elegant" as was Lord Chesterfield; but he was a much better man than the polished, licen-tious nobleman; Chesterfield was the nobleman; but Johnson was the noble man. Some critics would have us believe that the Sermon on the Mount is all right, and that the New Testament morality is of a high order; but that the Old Testament is so full of barbarisms that our cultivated age cannot accept it as authority. But again, I ask, Does God care only for people of cultivation? Did not Paul preach, at Lystra as well as at Athens? The Pentateuch presents marked internal evidence that much of it was immedi-ately addressed to people who had recently emerged from slavery and were still in a semi-barbarous condi-tion. John Foster wrote the most splendid of his essays to show why men of taste were so generally opposed to evangelical religion; and it now seems to be in order for some smart critic of the Wellhausen school to write an essay.to  show why God cares nothing for barbarians. Paul evidently did not think that uncultivated people were outside of the pale of God's sympathy, or of gospel work. He was debtor both to the Greeks and the bar- barians; to the wise and the unwise. "The regions be-yond," whether inhabited by scholars or by ignor- amuses, were the regions which especially fired his am- bition and kindled his zeal. He was always anxious to go to some -new place where Christ had never been preached; and he seems never to have asked whether the place was "cultivated," or whether the people were civilized. Let any .pastor ask himself the question, "Are my most cultivated people my best people?" One of the very  best members of any church that I have ever served could barely spell his way, with many blunders, through a chapter of the Bible; and some of the most trouble-some church members that I have ever known were very highly educated. The gospel is indeed expansive. It is addresse41 to people of all grades of culture, and to those of no culture. Greeks and barbarians are to be all won by Christ, and one in Christ. George Washington's View of Sunday. IN its issue of February 21, a New York journal quotes from a recent book by Paul Leicester Ford, entitled, "The True George Washington," the following concerning the latter's view of Sunday, as indicated by his words and practice:Š "His daily ' where and how my time is spent,' enables us to know exactly how often he attended church, and in the year 1760 he went just sixteen times, and in 1768 he went fourteen, these years being fairly typical of the pe-riod 1760-1773. During the presidency a sense of duty made him attend St. Paul's and Christ churches while in New York and Philadelphia, but at Mount Vernon, when the public eye was not upon him, he was no more regular than he had always been, and in the last year of his life, he wrote:Š " `Six days do I labor, or, in other words, take exer-cise and devote my time to various occupations in hus-bandry, and about my mansion. On the seventh, now called the first day, for want of a place of worship (within less than nine miles) such letters as do not require imme-diate acknowledgment, I give answers to. . . . But it hath so happened, that on the last SundaysŠcall themthe first or the seventh as you please, I have been unable to perform the latter duty on account of visits from strangers, with whom I could not use the freedom to leave alone, or recommend to the care of each other, for their amusement.' HE SOMETIMES WORKED ON SUNDAY. "What he said here was more or less typical of his whole life. Sunday was always the day on which he wrote his private lettersŠeven prepared his invoicesŠand he wrote to one of his overseers that his letters should be mailed so as to reach him Saturday, as by so doing they could be answered the following day. Nor did he limit himself to this, for he entertained company, closed land purchases, sold wheat, and, while a Virginia planter, went fox hunting on Sunday. "It is to be noted, however, that he considered the scruples of others as to the day. When he went among his Western tenants rent collecting, he entered in his diary that, it ' being Sunday, and the people living, on my land apparently very religious, it was thought best to post-p3e  going among them till to-morrow,' and in his jour-ney through New England, because it was 'contrary to the law and disagreeable to the people of this State (Con-necticut) to travel on the sabbath dayŠand my horses, after passing throbgh such intolerable roads, wanting rest, I stayed at Perkin's Tavern (which, by the bye, is not a good one) all dayŠand a meeting-house being within a few rods of the door, I attended the morning and 