AMERICAN SENT IN EL. 423 Sunday holy. In fact, the Bible knows nothing about such a day. It does know the first day of the week, which it calls a working day, but the Sunday, a day composed of parts of two days, was made in Rome. The only day that God has ever spoken of as holy is the seventh day of the week. That day He himself has made holy, and all he asks of us is to keep it holy. But since God has not made the Sunday holy, it follows that if man is to keep it holy, man himself must make it holy. All the sacredness in the world that Sunday has is that which man gives to it. The Sundaysabbath, therefore, stands as the sign of man's pretended power to make things holy. For if man can make one thing holy, it is evident that he can make anything holy. If man can make and keep a day holy, then he can make and keep himself holy. The pope's sabbath is thus the sign of his claim to take the place of the Lord as the sanctifier of sinners. While the seventh day is the sign of God's power to save by his own works, the Sunday is the sign of man's assumed power to save himself by his own works entirely apart from, and in spite of the Lord. It repudiates the Lord, in repudiating his Word. Take notice that this is said of the pope's Sunday, and not of all those who regard it as a holy day. There are thousands who are keeping the pope's day, honestly supposing it to be the Sabbath of the Lord. Such of course believe in justifica-tion by faith, although they unwittingly observe the sign of justification by works. It is for the benefit of such that this article is written, that they may be wholly con-sistent in their profession of faith. We are dealing with facts, regardless of how men may stand related to them; and the facts are that the Lord's Sabbath is justification by faith; the pope's sabbath means justification by works, and that man's own works. 'On which side will you stand? 0-11- -4- What Is the Everlasting Gospel?ŠNo. 4. BY C. H. KESLAKE. THE everlasting gospel, as brought to view in Rev. 14:6,7, is to be proclaimed at the very time when the work of enforcing the worship of the beast through the reception of the mark, is in process of fulfillment. Not only is this so, but it is with direct reference to this work that the gospel is to be proclaimed. This will be seen from the reading of the message itself: "Fear God and give glory to him . . . and worship him that made heaven and earth, the sea and the fountains of waters." It has always been the duty of all created beings to worship him that made them. No one will dispute this. To this end has the gospel ever been preached. Why then should it be necessary to-give a special message for this purpose as expressed in the Scripture under consideration? It is in view of the fact that at such a time a professedly gospel work is being carried on with the avowed object  of compelling the people to worship God. But as we have seen, the truth is that those who would yield to the influences brought to bear upon them, would not be wor-shiping God, but the power symbolized by' the beast of Rev. 13:1, which we know is the papacy. And there are many true hearted Christians, who are walking in all the light they have, and who have no other desire than to serve God with undivided affection. For their sakes, as well as for others who would heed the invitation, the gos-pel must be proclaimed. Being professedly a Christian work, it could not be wondered at that at first there would be thousands who would have no other idea but that such a work was really Christianity, and so for a time be deceived. And they would also be given to understand that the mark to be enforced would be set forth as the test of Christianity as to whether one was really worshiping God or not. Inasmuch as this work would be professedly gospel work it will be clear to all that when begun it must be started by Christians. It is of the highest importance that we do not lose sight of the fact that the gospel call to "Fear God" etc. is really a call to keep the commandments of God; for it will then be seen that the point wherein one is failing to fear God and to give glory to him is with reference to one of the commandments. In view of the fact that this work will be carried on by Christians we may ask what has been the attitude of the Christian Church with reference to the law of God and one's obligation to it? From the time of the Refor-mation the church has been divided on points of doctrine, but never in their teachings have they been disloyal to the law of God. With one accord they have taught that it is necessary for the commandments to be kept by all. But while this is so they have with one accord taught their communicants and others to violate one of the commandments. The fourth commandment, as all know, requires that the seventh day shall be kept holy unto the Lord. But notwithstanding it is so plainly en-joined, another day has been put in its placeŠa day, as pointed out last week, that was never kept by the Lord Jesus; a day that he never commanded his followers to keep; a day that his apostles never did keep, nor thought others to keep; a day for which in the Scriptures there is not the slightest hint of sacredness or sanctity. And that day is the day commonly called Sunday. We have pointed out that the mark, whatever it is, is something that cannot be found in the Bible, and yet would be enforced as one of the commandments of God. Yet the fourth commandment is the only one concerning which the church fails, in her practice, to regard, putting this other day (Sunday) in the place of the day the com-mandment itself requires, and this Sunday is the only day ever sought to be enforced by civil law and called a mark. Thus again it is proven that SUNDAY IS TH ti  MARK OF THE PAPACY (or the bast). Awl -arm Sunday 