256 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, APRIL 19, 1900. Bound Volumes of the SENTI-NEL for 1899 are now ready for delivery. Prices as formerly. Cloth with leather back and corners, $2.50. Heavy manila paper, $1.50, postpaid. ANOTHER Supreme Court decision upholding the validity of Sunday laws! See p. 244. Thus another step is taken towards committing this Government to the evil policy of enforcing a religious observance, which is the essential principle of church and state union. Reader, does this interest you? If not, why not? If it does, show this paper to your neighbor and ask ,him to be-come a reader of the AMERICAN SEN-TINEL. ON another page we print a dis-cussion recently had in Congress on the subject of sectarian appropria-tions. An effort was made through a senator from Arkansas to provide for a renewal of the policy of appro-priating Government funds for the Catholic Indian schools, by an amendment of this kind to the Indian appropriation bill. The. amendment was defeated by a small majority. IT is reported that the czar, who is doubtless somewhat chagrined over the utter failure of his scheme for world-wide peace, is planning to intervene between the contending powers in South Africa. But peace cannot be imposed upon peopleŠforced on them against their willŠwith any gain to the cause of real peace; for forcing the wills of people is in itself an incentive to war. If the czar tries to make peace he may only kindle a greater conflict. APRIL 21, the Ecumenical Mission-ary Conference of the M. E. Church begins its session in this city. Ex-president Harrison will open the conference, and President McKinley will be present. Among the repre-sentative men who will attend, are Justice Brewer of the Supreme Court, Rear-Admirals Philip, Farquhar, and Watson, Generals 0. 0. Howard and Leonard Wood, and J. D. Rocke-feller and J. Pierpont Morgan. The session will close May 1. ARCHBISHOP IRELAND wants to.  have Sunday enforced upon all peo-ple in this country (see p. 242), and at the same time he knows (for it is plain .Catholic doctrine) that Sun-day rests on no other authority than that of his church, and that Sunday observance is an act of homage to his church. .at WE have spoken before in these columns of the change recently insti-tuted by the authorities in the Cook Islands, touching the weekly day of rest and worship. The practise up to that time (begun through a fail-ure to number the days as de-manded by the relative position of the islands to the "day line") had been to observe the seventh day as the Sabbath. The change to the first day was made because it was "very inconvenient" to business in-terests to continue the old reckon-ing. But no sooner had the change been made than a missionary of the Seventh-day Adventists, laboring in one of the islands (Raratonga) was arrested and fined for continu-ing the practise of regarding the seventh day and not the first as the weekly rest. What relation this proceeding had to the advancement of business interests in the island, was not explained, nor did it need to be. It is itself an explanation of the whole moveŠof the spirit that was in it and behind it. It is the spirit of Sunday legislation the world over, however much honesty and good intentions there may be on the part of many who give it their support. WE are informed by Rev. W. F. Crafts that the SENTINEL misquoted him in speaking, some time ago, of the resolutions offered at the W. C. T. U. convention in Seattle, touch-ing the relation of the W. C. T. U. to Sunday laws. The resolution adopted was: "Resolved, that we favor the amendment of all State Sunday laws which do not contain the usual exemption for those who keep the seventh day." In our col-umns it was printed "Sabbath day" instead of "seventh day." It ap-pears that Mr.Crafts was the author of this resolution; and as he does not believe the seventh day is the Sabbath day, he was misrepresented, though of course only those knew it who were in the secret of the resolu-tion's authorship. However, we gladly make the correction, as we wish to be perfectly fair with every person in every way. PROTESTANTS separated from Rome because they looked upon Rome,  as antichrist. Yet they con-tinued to observe the same day as the Sabbath which Rome observed. But the Lord says of the Sabbath that it is his "sign" (Eze. 20:12,20), that those keeping it may know they are worshipers of the true God. Rome also sets forth the SabbathŠthat of the Catholic ChurchŠas the sign of her spiritual authority. The Sabbath thus holding this crucial place in the Christian system and in that which claims to be such, it should be evident to Protestants that if the church of Rome is anti-christ, she must be wrong on the point of Sabbath observance, and the distinction between Protestants and Catholics should certainly be as marked on this point as on any point of religious belief and practise. Nor would they need to search the Scripture long to discover wherein this distinction should be made. Protestants were logically bound to repudiate Sunday observance when they separated from Rome; and by their failure to do so they are logi-cally drawntoward reunion with the papal church. 