AMERICAN SENTINEL. 659 It is acknowledged also in the very idea, and almost in the very words, of the Studies, that, "In the make up of individuals they are essentially one; for the same man may be both a Christian and a patriot." And there can be no possible shadow of a doubt that when "the same man" proposes to "be both a Christian and a patriot," at the same time both a member of the church and a member of the state, there is in the "same man" a positive union of church and state. That Christian Citizenship and the union of church and State are one and the same thing, is acknowledged by Church and State, which was the Christian Citizen, also in the confession that "Clearly church and state are one in the individuals of which they are composed." This is the very point upon which we insisted in the Studies with the Christian Citizen as making it abso-lutely certain that political Christian Citizenship is in-evitably the union of church and state. The truth of that can never be escaped. Every candid mind, every honest soul, must-acknowledge that in every individual who proposes to be at the same time a member of the church and a member of the state, there is decidedly a union of church and state. In one sense it is a distinct gain to have these people take their stand openly in favor of a union of church and state, when they advocate the principles of such a union. Yet it marks a deplorable apostasy when people who know the evils of a union of Church and State do openly take a stand in favor of it. And that they do know the thing to be unworthy of advocacy is evident from the fact that at first they professed to be opposed to a union of church and state, though they maintained the same identical principles that they now maintain. For what but apostasy can it possibly be for peo-ple to espouse that which they had professed to avoid, knowing it to be evil? Yet this case of the Christian Citizen and those whom it represents, is only an item which illustrates a general tendency among the churches and the religious organ-izations of this time. From the beginning of the organ-ized form of the National Reform in 1863, they of every division and every phase of it have at first persisted that they were opposed to any union of church and state. Yet all the time they all advocated principles that meant nothing but a complete union of church and state. Now, however, they have about all ceased making that plea, and some, like the Christian Citizen, openly acknowledge that they advocate a union of church and state. Religious journals which at first opposed the National Reform movement, because it meant only a union of church and state, now favor not only that movement but also a union of church and state. All these things show a steadily moving tide toward a recognized union of church and state in the United States. And the thing about it which is particularly to be remarked is that this union of church and state is recognized and promoted by the very people who at the  first have invariably professed to oppose the union of church and state as an evil, and such an evil as to de-serve the opposition of every true ChristionŠof every right-thinking person. This then reveals a steadily moving tide of apostasy. For again we ask, Without apostasy how can it be possible for people to advocate what they have long opposed as a confessed and well-known evil? If in the beginning they were really opposed to a union of church and state, and honestly believed that what they were advocating was not in principle the union of church and state, then sincerity of purpose would have led them to abandon the whole scheme the moment that they discerned that their principles did involve the union of church and state. But the facts of experience demonstrate that when they are obliged to acknowledge that their principles do indeed mean a union of church and state, instead of abandoning it they espouse it and definitely advocate it. And all this certifies either that they were not sincere in the beginning, or else that the tide of an acknowledged evil has proved too strong for them and has carried them away from their own sin-cerity to the espousal of a confessed evil. A. T. J. Christianity in Darkest Africa. A SEVENTH-DAY Baptist missionary in Africa, Mr. Joseph Booth, in a report of his work and experience teaching the Bible to the natives of the interior, says:Š "Now let me tell you some of the questions and com-ments of this people. They ask, 'Are the same words for all people?' I answer, 'Yes.' They ask, `Why have not the white men in Blantyre told the people the same words?' I answer, 'I cannot tell.' They ask, 'If we now begin to keep God's day and obey his commands, will he forgive and hear us if we pray,?' I answer, `Yes..,' and forthwith a number of strangers who are returning home from a long journey say, 'We much wish to travel and get home to our families, but now we will rest on this day of God and pray to him to make white men also hear his words "Thou shalt not covet, or steal, or kill."' They ask, 'Does the Book of God say it is wicked for white men to kill the black men?' I answer, 'Yes;  the Book of God commands them not to kill or steal.' They say this is very good news for their country, for during this last month some English soldiers sent to the same village and whipped some and put others in chains and made them go away to fight against their brothers not far away. They ask, 'Is it not bad for black men to be made to take the life of their friends?' I answer, `Yes, it is very wicked in the sight of God.' They ask if the white men will punish me for speaking these words, and I say I cannot tell; I leave that with God; he is able to take care of me. So now they have all gone away to talk over these words which seem wonderful to them." And that is a striking comment upon the "national 