700 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "A month or two ago the Sioux City Ministerial As-sociation protested vigorously against the condition. It was not expected their action would receive much at-tention, but last week, to every one's surprise, the Local Retail Liquor Dealers' Association adopted resolutions asking the enforcement of the law and pledging the members to aid the police in carrying out the work. The administration granted the request, and to-day drinks were to be had only at the local clubs. "The regulation is also being enforced against phar-macies, and for a day, at least, the town has been al-most entirely dry." .The Sioux City Ministerial Association and the Local Retail Liquor Dealers' Association, it will be noticed, stand on common ground in the matter of Sunday clos-ing. But is this fact complimentary to either the Minis-terial Association or to Sunday? The Terms of an Interesting Treaty. The full terms of the treaty or compact between the United States Government and the Sultan of Sulu, by which human slavery is again instituted in territory subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, have been made public, and are worthy of note. In substance they are as follows. DICTATED BY THE UNITED STATES. 1. The United States guarantees protection to, the Government of the Sultan as it now exists. 2. The United States agrees that all trade and do-mestic products of the archipelago, when carried on by the Sultan or the Moro people under the flag of the Uni-ted States, is to be free, unlimited and undutiable. 3. The Sultan is allowed to communicate direct with the Military Governor of the Philippines at Manila in making complaint, protest or recommendation con-cerning the acts of United States officers representing American authority at Jolo. (The principal town and seat of the Sultan's Government.) 4. The United States agrees to the preservation of existing social conditions on condition that every per-son held in bondage or ownership under grant of the Sultan, or by individual purchase, shall be entitled to his liberty upon the payment of $20 (American money) to the crown. 5. For governing his subjects and preserving the peace, in accordance with the instructions from the Mil-itary Governor of the islands, the Sultan is to receive the equivalent of $500 American money per month; his three chief advisers to receive $75 a month, and three secondary advisers $60 a month; the Sultan's secretary, $50 per month; the keeper of his household, known as Raja Mura (keeper of the royal harem), $40 per month, and Serif Saguin (assistant keeper), $15 per month. The United States agrees not to sell any part of the archipelago to any foreign power without the consent of the Sultan and his Government. DICTATED BY THE SULTAN OF SULU AND HIS ADVISERS. 1. Hadgi Mohamad Womolol Kiran, on behalf of  the Sultanate of Sulu, agrees to maintain absolute peace among his subjects and to punish, with the assistance of the United States Government, all hostile acts against the sovereignty of the latter Government. 2. The Sultan and his Government agree to the second article dictated by the United States. 3. The Sultan agrees to the third article dictated by the United States. 4. The Sultan agrees to make no change concerning the government of his people without proper consulta-tion and the approval of the United States; as also the article defining the rights of bondmen to purchase their freedom. 5. The Sultan accepts on behalf of himself and his subordinates the salary to be paid him and them by the United States Government by an authorized agent of the United States, on the first day of each and every month, so long as the treaty shall remain in effect. 6. The Sultan agrees not to sell, dispose of, or lease any part of the archipelago over which he rules to any foreign power without the consent of the United States. Slavery has existed in Sulu for three hundred years Spain countenanced it, and the Sultan of Sulu would not agree to any treaty which would limit his hereditary privileges. "As a concession, however," (this is pub-lished as the statement of a member of the President's Cabinet) "he agreed to the incorporation of an article in the treaty permitting the slaves to purchase their freedom for $20 a head, to be paid to him. As there are about 75,000 slaves in his domain, the Administration professes to hope that he will be tempted by the oppor-tunity to realize a large revenue of 'head money' through slaves taking advantage of the President's beneficence. But no provision was incorporated providing for any tribunal nor other means of determining when a slave could take advantage of this privilege." The treaty is signed by General Otis, on behalf of the United States, and Hadgi Mohamad Womolol Kiran and six of his chief datos (or advisers). Salient Events Characterizing the Philippine Policy. 1. IN April, 1898, the United States began war with Spain for the avowed purpose of liberating the people of Cuba. Congress passed a resolution declaring that "the people of Cuba are and of right ought to be, free and independent." 2. When Commodore Dewey was ordered to Manila, with his ships of war, the American consul general at Singapore informed the State Department at Washing-ton that he had conferred with General Aguinaldo, who was then at Singapore, as to securing the co-operation of the Philippine insurgents in fighting the Spanish forces; also that he had telegraphed to Commodore Dewey that Aguinaldo was willing to come to Hong 