262 THE _A_IVIERIC_A_N SENTINEL,. Has It Come to Such a Pas? As to the question of sectarianism in the public schools, the Canada Presbyte-rian suggests two solutions of this dif-ficulty. The one is to read both versions, and the other that Catholics and Protestants should agree upon a book of selections. There is nothing impossible about either solution, if both parties were earnest and would yield a little. The matter is not made easier by the fact that many good men, and some good journals like the Christian at Work, are in favor of pure secularism. The Roman Catholics are a unit in favor of religious instruction. The alternatives mentioned above are not offered by the Roman Catholics, nor would they be acceptable to them. The Romanists not only want the Douay version read, but they want it explained and taught. A book of selections perfunc-torily read, would satisfy neither Roman-ists nor Protestants. The only practicable way is t© devote the schools to secular instruction, and use the Church, the Sun-day-school, and the home for religious instruction. There was religious instruc-tion before there were public schools, and there ought to be religious instruction, even if the public schools are not devoted to religious instruction. If the Church and the home and the Sunday-school are wholly inadequate to instruct the young religiously, but must depend upon the public school, let them confess their fail-ure, and we will see what can be done about it. Somehow we do not believe matters have come to such a pass yet.ŠChristian at Work. Where Shall They Go? A CHICAGO paper says : " A large ele-ment in the urban population is ignorant, industrious, struggling with poverty, and trying to keep its children in school. Its evenings are dim and weary. What are its Sundays ? The women go to saloons in many instancesŠin far greater numbers than godliness on the avenues would like to believe possible. Where else have they to go ? One of the ministers proposed a few years ago even to close the parks Sun-days. The children of these poor people go to the parks if they can, as soon as the hot weather sets in to stay. The homes of these people are simply pens of distress. They are too close for reading, even if the families arc disposed to read; and happily the distributing stations of the public li-brary supply a great proportion of them with books. They have no music to speak of. Of course they have no pictures, or engravings or etchings, or aught that re-freshes a weary eye and opens vistas for imagination to carry off into ideal happi-ness the victim of social depression. This element in the population of all American cities is annually increasing, and in Chi-cago it is far larger than is generally sup-posed." 1V.A21-"ICIUVA.14 RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. DECLARATION of PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit- ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on religious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own con-science. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and honorable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil government; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the in estimable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES. 43 BOND STREET, New YORK CITY ; 225 A ST., N. E. WASHINGTON ; 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO. Liberty of Conscience. PUBLIC attention is being called to a recent attempt to enforce a rigid Sunday law in Tennessee. For the first time since the establishment of our Government, will the Supreme Court of the United States be calle,d upon to decide upon the consti-tutionality of the laws requiring com-pulsory observance of special days as sacred days. As we have no established national religion, of course a Moham-medan who abstains from business on Fri-day, which is his Sabbath, or a Jew who similarly abstains of a Saturday, or one of the Baptist divisions that also keep Sat-urday as a Sabbath, can be made to observe Sunday only by the same sort of unjust law that once made it a crime to read an English translation of the Bible. For the protection of the great body of the American people who observe Sunday as a day of worship, the law may properly require that no unnecessary noises or other disturbing proceedings shall be per-mitted near places of worship during worshiping hours. To pass beyond this line, is to manifest a discrimination as to religious belief inconsistent with the toleration our purely secular system of government is bound to observe. The religious world can make rules for the conduct of its own people, but when they attempt to enforce those rules by the power of the law, they are usurping an authority inconsistent with the spirit of our Government, and are requiring an outward conformity which is without, or against, personal conviction. Such en-forced conformity is also inconsistent with the spirit of Christianity, for that requires the willing obedience of heartfelt service, given freely from personal faith and sin-cere conviction of duty. . . . Let the Christian, rather by what he does than by what he says, commend religion and its sweet and beautiful ob-servances to the esteem and admiration of the world. " Let your light so shine  before men that they may see your good works, and glorify your Father which is in heaven." To force Christian observ-ances upon reluctant minds is to cleanse the outside of the platter, to arouse the spirit of antagonism, and to compel the assertion of human liberty, which led Martin Luther to say that before he would submit to a sabbatizing of Sun-day, he would play on that day, jump on it, dance on it. This compulsory mode of exacting Sunday observance is a departure from the mild and persuasive influence that Jesus required. " Ye know not what spirit ye are of," he said, when some of his disciples in their excess of unwise zeal, would have had recourse to harsh-ness. To command and enforce compli-ance with religious duties is to depart from the genius and essence of Christian-ity. Š Jessamine Journal, NiQholasville, Kentucky, July 25. Nothing Less than Persecution. COMMENTING editorially on the same case, that of R. M. King, the Chicago Tribune says :Š Mr. King has not only the National Religious Liberty Association at his back, but the whole body of Adventists, who observe the seventh day as their Sunday, and are tenacious of their rights and their faith. They claim the right under the First and Fourteenth Amendments of the Constitution, and the Bill of Rights of the State, to work upon Sunday as they do upon every other day of the week. As Mr. King himself is an Adventist, and his prosecutors and defenders are Christian organiza-tions, the contest is confined to religious bodies, but the whole country will nevertheless watch the case with great interest, as it involves a question which has been largely discussed among the people but has not before engaged the attention of the national Supreme Court. So long as the labor of the Adventists pn Sunday does not interfere with the rights of the Mosaic and Puritanic people on,  the same day, the prosecution of them seems neither more nor less than persecution. This shows how fair-minded men regard Sunday laws, and especially their enforce-ment .against those who observe another day. The observance or non-observance of a day should, however, make no differ-ence, since it is neither the right nor the duty of the State to enforce upon anybody any religious observance. Would Welcome Sunday ŁOpening. A CURIOUS and interesting feature of the Metropolitan Museum of Art, on free days, is the presence at noon of workmen in overalls, and bearing all the marks of recent toil. They evidently come from the scene of building operations hard by, and their presence shows how eagerly working men would welcome the opening of the Museum on Sundays. The Sunday closing, by the way, is more and more a farce, for there is a constant increase in the number of Sunday passes issued to artists and their friends.ŠThe Sun, C. ELDRIDGE, W. H. McKEE, President. Secretary. 