rum AMERICAN SVNTINVL: gl How, and by Whom, Was the Sabbath Changed? IN its issue of the 27th ult., the Chris-tian Statesman has an article, written in the usual contemptuous style of the editor, in which is ridiculed the claim of sev-enth-day observers that the Sabbath was "changed" by the Roman Catholic Church, and not by the apostolic Church. The question is by no means vital, nor is it even pertinent, to the discussion of the right of the civil power to require cessa-tion of all secular business on Sunday, or any other day ; but inasmuch as the Statesman's denial is made in the interests of a State-bolstered religious institution, it may not be amiss to examine briefly the question, " How, and by Whom, Was the Sabbath ' Changed' ? " That the Sabbath was ever really changed, in the proper sense of that word, will be asserted only by those who believe that Sunday is now the true Sabbath; for God made the Sabbath, by resting upon, and by blessing and sanctifying the sev-enth day, and he alone could really change it. But that a change has been attempted, and that so far as the practice of a vast majority of the Christian world is con-cerned, it has been successful, is patent to all. That the Bible gives no hint of this change, and consequently no sanction to it, has been shown in a previous number of this paper. Therefore, the only re-maining question is, "How, and by Whom, Was the Sabbath ' Changed' ? " That neither Christ nor his apostles changed the Sabbath is admitted by many who regard the day as sacred. Thus the Christian at Work, of February 18, 1886, said :Š We hear less than we used to about the apostolic origin of the present Sunday observance, and for the reason that while the Sabbath and Sabbath rest is woven into the warp and woof of Scripture, it is now seen, as it is admitted, that we must go to later than apostolic times for the establishment of Sun-day observance. Just how Sunday observance was intro-duced is thus explained by the same paper, January 8, 1885 The selection of Sunday, thus changing the par-ticular day designated in the fourth commandment, was brought about by the gradual concurrence of the early Christian Church ; and on this basis, and on none other, does the Christian Sabbath, the first day of the week rest. Neander, who "McClintock and Strong's Cyclopedia " says, is " universally con-ceded to be by far the greatest of ecclesi-astical historians," gives this pointed and candid testimony in the first edition of his history :Š The festival of Sunday, like all other festivals, was always only a human ordinance, and it was far from the intentions of the apostles to establish a. divine command in this respect; far from them and from the apostolic Church, to transfer the laws of the Sabbath to Sunday. Perhaps at the end of the second century a false application of this kind had begun to take place; for men appear by that time to have considered working on Sunday a sin. Š Rose's Meander, page 186. Representative Sunday keepers would not make such statements if the facts of history did not compel them to do so. The truth is, that self-respecting men, un-less blinded by bigotry, do not care to hazard their reputation on utterances which can be so easily discredited as can the statement that the apostolic Church regarded Sunday as the Sabbath; and so all, except those polemic divines who care more for their particular creeds than for the truth, refuse to longer peddle the pious frauds by which Sunday sanctity has so long been sustained. But who did "transfer the laws of the Sabbath to Sunday " ? The Christian at Work says that it was done " by the grad-ual concurrence of the early Christian Church," in "later than apostolic times." But what right had the " early Christian Church" to concur in setting aside the di-vinely appointed Sabbath and substituting another in its stead ? Evidently none whatever. And if such concurrence could give sanctity to an institution and make it binding upon anybody, how comes it that the same concurrence did not give equal sanctity to other institutions of the " early Christian Church " ? The truth is that the Church never had at any period any such authority; and the assumption was nothing short of blasphemy. By whatever name it may be called, whether the "early Christian Church," or the "Ro-man Catholic Church," the Sabbath could have been "changed " only by a church that had departed not a little from the simplicity of the gospel of Jesus Christ. It may be technically inaccurate to as-sert, as some do, that "the Roman Catholic Church changed the Sabbath," or that "the Pope changed it;" but it is abso-lutely true, " as it is admitted," that the change was made by the Church after, as all Church history shows, numerous cor-ruptions and abuses had crept into the Church. And it is also true that these cor-ruptions and abuses continued to increase in number and influence until the apos-tasy which had begun even in Paul's day, developed into the full-grown man of sin. As well might we deny the identity of the boy and the man, or of the thirteen Col-onies and the thirteen original States of the Union, as to deny that the apostasy of which the Roman Catholic Church is the embodiment is simply the perfect devel-opment of that to which the apostle referred in his second letter to the Thes-salonians. Like the apostasy which finally devel-oped into the full-grown " man of sin," the change of the Sabbath was a growth. It is impossible for either friend or foe of Sunday keeping to say definitely just when it was introduced. As well might we attempt to locate definitely the origin of saint worship, prayers for the dead, etc., as to say just when Sunday began to be regarded as sacred; but like the other inheritances from paganism now found in  the bosom of the Roman Catholic Church, it should be enough for Protestants to know that it is without a shadow of divine authority; and that the very best that can be said truthfully for it, is that the ob-servance of Sunday was " brought about by the gradual concurrence of the early Christian Church," in " later than apostolic times." In his " History of Romanism," book 2, chap. 1, sec. 3, Dowling has well said :Š Protestantism, as opposed to Popery, has been defined by Isaac Taylor, in his Ancient Christianity, as "A REFUSAL TO ACKNOWLEDGE INNOVATIONS BEARING AN ASCERTAINED DATE," and to this defini-tion we have no particular objection, inasmuch as the date of most, if not all of the Popish innovations, both doctrinal and ritual, can be ascertained wig' considerable accuracy, Still we must be allowed to add, that should innovations be discovered, either in that or any other communion the date of the admission of which is entirely unknown, if they are contrary to the doctrine and spirit of the Bible, if they are not found in God's wordŠthat is to say, if they are innovations at allŠthen true Protestant-ism requires their unqualified rejection, just as much as if their date were as clearly ascertained as is the date of the Papal supremacy, or the absurd dogma of transubstantiation. " THE BIBLE I SAY, THE BIBLE ONLY, IS THE RELIGION OF PROTESTANTS I Nor is it of any account in the estimation of the genuine Protestant, how early a doctrine originated, if it is not found in the Bible. He learns from the New Testament itself, that there were errors in the time of the apostles, and that their pens were frequently employed in combating those errors. Hence, if a doctrine be propounded for his accept-ance, he asks, Is it to be found in the inspired word ? was it taught by the Lord Jesus Christ and his apostles ? Concerning the introduction of some of the Romish practices, Dowling says :Š There is scarcely anything which strikes the mind of the careful student of ancient ecclesiastical his-tory with greater surprise, than the comparatively early period at which many of the corruptions of Christianity, which are embodied in the Romish system, took their rise; yet it is not to be supposed that when the first originators of many of these unscriptural notions and practices, planted those germs of corruption, they anticipated or even imagined that they would grow into such a vast and hideous system of superstition and error, as is that of Popery. Thus remarks a learned and sagacious writer: "Each of the great corruptions of later ages took its rise in a manner which it would be harsh to say was deserving of strong reprehension. . , . The worship of images, the invocation of saints, and the superstition of relics, were but the expansions of the natural feelings of veneration and affection cherished toward the memory of those who had suffered and died for the truth. . . . The very abuses which make the twelfth century abhorrent on the page of history, were, in the fourth, fragrant with the practice and suffrage of a blessed company of primitive confes-sors. The remembered saints who had given their bodies to the flames had also lent their voice and example to those unwise excesses which at length drove true religion from the earth. Untaught by experience the ancient Church surmised not of the occult tendencies of the course it pursued, nor should it be loaded with consequences which human sagac-ity could not well have foreseen."ŠId., book 2, chap. 1, sec. 1. The same might be said of the observ-ance, of Sunday, that it was but natural that those who had before regarded it as a day sacred to the sun, should, upon be-coming Christians, retain some of that reverence; nor is it strange that they 