Ttfl ANTEri/cAN 8ErvrINEt—. I —believe in it as a day of thoughtful worship. Mankind would lose vastly by losing its rest-day. Those who do not try to keep it are robbing them-selves of part of their strength. . . . But while I believe in it as a civil day and a religious day, I cannot believe in trying to force men to observe it. It is humanity's day, and men ought to be able to observe it as they think best, so they do not annoy others. The Sabbatarians are try-to force the views of the majority on the minority. I do not think I have'a right to force my skeptical neighbor to accept my ideas any more than he has a right to force his on me. But I have a right to try to convince him. When Christians resort to compUlsion they are on dangerous ground. First it will be Thou shalt not work on this day; thou shalt not play, nor walk ;' and then it is not a Long step to say, 'Thou shalt go to church 'under pains and penalties. It is always well to put Mirselves in a neighbor's place and treat him as would be treated." -)r  Ł is  lonel Shepard on Religious Legis- lation. WHArtvER may be the opinions and object of his co-Workers in behalf of a National Sunday-Itest law, Col. Elliott 10, Shepard president of the so-called American Sabbath Union, does not hesi-tate to base the movement squarely upon the fourth commandment as he understands it. In a re-cent address before the Kings County (N. Y.) Sabbath Association, Mr. Shepard said "The Sabbath question is to be viewed first from the divine side. . . . Now, what is the law of the Lord respecting the Sabbath-day ?" He then quoted the fourth commandment, and after making some statements in regard to the change of the day, he continued to argue at length for its religious observance. In this con-nection he denounced in strong terms the "anti-Sabbath Pope." He did not, however, explain hew it comes that the Pope is "anti-Sabbath," in the sense of being opposed to Sunday-keeping. If he' will examine Catholic catechisms, he will find that Sunday-keeping is enjoined upon all Catholics; that they are all expected to attend religious services on Sunday, and to spend the rest of the day in reading religious books. That they do not do so is not the fault of the Pope, and it comes with rather bad grace for Mr. Shep-ard to accuse that dignitary of being opposed to Sunday, when the Pope himself poses as the de-fender of Sunday, and when the association of which Mr. Shepard is president counts the entire Catholic population of the United States as being -petitioners in favor of the Blair Sunday-Rest bill, which he heartily endorses. But Mr. 'Shepard net only advocated laws for the religious observance of Sunday, but he went so far as to advocate the legal enforcement of the entire decalogue. He said: "Now let me il-lustrate for one moment , as to the third com-mandment, Thou shalt not take the name of the Lord thy God in vain, for the Lord will not hold him guiltless that taketh his 'name in vain.'," A `great many of the States, he said, had passed laws against blasphemy, and that was all right. "If this principle, had been observed," he re-marked, we would never have known or heard of the abominable idolatry in our country known as Morrnonisni. The very foundation of that re-ligion is, that a man can take the name of God in vain. :It soon.becornes nothing 'for him to say Lord'Ood says through him da se-and-so." Mr. Shepard's idea seems to be that this coun-try should have a law forbidding any to set up the claim of being a prophet, and of saying that the Lord has authorized him Ae speak in any way. Of course, it is blasphemy for any man to set up a false claim of being divinely inspired. But does Mr. Shepard really think that such claims should be forbidden by law? So it seems from his words. The plan laid down in the Scriptures for determining such claims is, "To the law and to the testimony. If they speak not according to this word, it is because there is no light in them." But this test, we understand, is to be applied by each individual for himself, and not by the State or by courts erected by the State. There is one feature of Mormonism with which it is certainly right that the civil law should deal, namely, polygamy. That is not merely a ques-tion of religious belief but of civil practice. It is a matter which concerns not simply a single indi-vidual who may marry more than one wife, or even the several wives which one man may have; but it goes farther than that, and it is proper that the Government should forbid it, not because it is immoral, but because it is uncivil. But to pass a law that would cause the courts to say that certain language is blasphemous, or that any man is a blasphemer because he. professes to speak in the name of the Lord, would be simply to establish'in this country a religious despotism. However, Mr. Shepard is consistent in this, that he insists that a man has no right to make a difference in the commandments. He says : "The keeping of the ten commandments is sim-ply obeying God, and so, of course, when you break one commandment you break them all. The ten commandments are like a beautiful prism that reflects the image of the Creator, and when you have broken it, the image and reflec-tion are gone. - When the spirit of disObedience has crept in and gone to work, you may break the ninth, or seventh, or all the commandments together, just as you please." Mr. Shepard's idea seems to be that it is the prerogative of civil government to require man to keep the law of God, but we would like to know how he would compel men to keep the tenth commandment. It says, " Thou shalt Łnot covet." Or even how he would enforce, by civil law, the sixth or sev-enth commandments as such. True, we have laws against murder, and against adultery, but the sixth and seventh com-mandments are vastly more than any civil enact-ment can 'possibly be. As magnified by the Saviour, hatred is a violation of the sixth com-mandment, and lust is a violation of the seventh. Now if a law is going to be enforced by civil government, the man who has murder or lust in his heart must be punished just the same as though he had committed the overt act to which these feeling would naturally lead. But how is any court or jury to determine a man's feelings? They can arrive at it only in one way, namely, by forcing from the individual a confession by means of torture. It may be said that this will never be done. Probably not, but it shows just how impossible it is for men to enforce the deca-logue as such. The law of God is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart, and can be administered only by Him who reads the heart. And thus again it appears that to carry out the ideas set forth by the speakers of this Kings County convention, would be to establish in this country a religious despotism-7ŠSigns of the Times. Why Must All Rest? THE crude ideas which some people have of civil and religious liberty are well illustrated by the following extracts from an editorial article in the Golden, Censer, a paper which is lending*, its influence to the iniquitious schemes of the Na-tional Reformers. It says :Š " It is a strange sight to witness some good Chris-tians opposing this reform. They are few, but very urgent. We believe they are mistaken in their fears, and thus we have charity for them. If it were, as they believe, a first step straight towards the union of Church and State, they would have fair reason for their opposition ; but it is not so. . . . " The State does not make a religious Sabbath at all; it recognizes that a rest-day in the seven is a physical and moral necessity, and so ordains the day commonly called Sunday to be that rest-day, because that is the overwhelming choice of its citizens. It protects that day from intrusion by avaricious per-sons, but does not in any sense require any man to be religious, or to do worship on that day ; it only says he shall not do ordinary secular work on that day, or disturb its quiet, because it would tend to destroy the rest-day for the people at large. . . . We must have a rest-clay ; and it must be an uniform day among all trades, or it cannot be maintained at all, in the very nature of the case; and the minority should cheerfully yield the choice of which day it shall be, to the majority. While we mean to fully protect Jew and Adventist and Baptist, and every other, who re-ligiously has another Sabbath than Sunday, securing to him the utmost freedom of conscience, and protect-ing him in his place and act of worship, yet the State can have but the one day of the seven as a civil rest-day, and it must fully protect that one from violation by anybody, whatever be his belief or unbelief." Cejtainly, as explained by its friends, the pro-posed Sunday law is a very innocent thing; it won't hurt anybody ; its only for the health of the working people, and the minority must sub-mit for the good of the majority who want to rest on Sunday. Of course I This is the theory; but what are the facts ? In Arkansas they had a Sunday law which prohibited "ordinary secular labor" upon Sunday in order that the general rest might not be disturbed, and that saloons might be closed ; but while no saloons were closed, and while, as a general thing, the day was no more quiet than before the law was passed, good Chris-tian men, peaceable, and good citizens, honest, and industrious, were arrested and fined, one for painting the back end of a building, another for plowing half a mile from any,  road and from any house, another for digging potatoes for his din-ner, and another for mending his wagon-brake in order that he might start early the next morn-ing on a journey. These men observed the sev-enth day, and felt that they had a God-given right to work upon the other six days of the week, and in doing so they disturbed no one, but they were arrested and fined nevertheless, just as men have been arrested and fined under similar circumstances in several other States. But in the face of scores of such cases, we are gravely tod that all are tube allowed the greatest freedom cf conscience, and to be fully protected! But why are these people thus compelled !to rest absolutely on Sunday? Not for their health, for they rest upon Saturday. Not that others may rest, for such labor does not require that others labor also. Not that worship may not be disturbed, for such labor makes little or no noise, and does not disturb anybody in any proper sense. It follows that it is Simply and'Only be-cause others regard the day as sacred and want to compel all to act as though they had a similar regard for it. If such compulsion isnot an infringe-ment of the rights which a just government ought to guarantee to every citizen, we would like to know what would be. 