396 .1E11N79L'IN-   11-4,FA VoL. 11, No. 50. THANKSGIVING POLITICS. BY M. E. KELLOGG. THE elections are over, but the political fever has not yet abated; it continues to show itself, and in curious ways. The most ridiculous piece of political folly to be seen since the election is the way certain persons to whom is given the prerogative of issuing Thanksgiving day proclamations have taken advantage of their position to inject their politics into their proclamations. This was begun by no less exalted a personage than the President of the United States, who, in his Thanksgiving proclamation, expressed him-self in a way that left no doubt that he thought that the success of a certain party in the elections had saved the nation from "dire disaster." Of course if the President could make his annual Thanksgiving proclamation a means to get even with his party which had repudi-ated him, others to whom is given the au-thority to issue such proclamations could also take the same means to express their political sentiments. Hence several governors of States have issued proclamations in a similar vein. On the one hand, it is suggested in pious and covert phrases that God should be thanked because of the result of the election; and, on the other hand, that he should be thanked in spite of it I The right of the President, and of the governers of States, to issue Thanksgiving day proclamations is a very questionable right, to say the least; and when we see it so prostituted that it becomes only a means of issuing a political and partisan manifesto, it deepens the impression that it is about time that it be dispensed with. This is not saying that we should not give thanks. But why confine it to one day, or wait for a Pres- ident or governors to express their political views under cover of the Thanksgiving proc- lamation ? God's blessings are new every morning and fresh every evening. Then let every day of mercies be to us a day of true thanksgiving unto the Giver of every good and perfect gift. THERE IS IS DANGER. [Chicago Israelite, Nov. 28, 1896.] BETWEEN undue sensitiveness and a just appreciation of insult and rightful apprehen-sion of encroachments upon liberty, there are great differences. No one familiar with the systematized efforts of the numerous Chris-tian organizations, to obtain recognition of Christ in the Constitution; of the tendency of the decision of the United States Supreme Court, that this is a Christian nation; and of the natural results which must follow upon the arrest and conviction of Seventh-day Ad-ventists in various States of the Union, can view with indifference President Cleveland's departure from the precedents of all the pres-idents who have gone before him.. Mr. Cleve-land has done what no previous president has ever dreamed of doing, what all have taken pains to avoid doing. . . . There is an untiring effort being made to turn this country into a Christian State and to place on a footing of toleration only, all those who do not profess the Christian reli-gion. The danger of the eventual success of this scheme is much greater than many are inclined to believe. Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty, and it behooves every lover of freedom to be on his guard against its foes,  and more especially, against such an evident attack as is made in President Cleveland's message, whether it was intended or not. Those who close their eyes to the strength of the movement which has for its aim the Christianization of our country, and the con-sequent death blow to all of its boasted free-dom, either know little of what is going on or sadly underestimate the number and influ-ence of those engaged in this revolutionary and retrogressive movement. Ignorance and indifference only can account for the tendency to make little of Prevident Cleveland's breach of the unwritten law which has hitherto been held sacred. . . . Those who are inclined to underestimate the influence of his action will have a chance to estimate it at its true value when the jubilations of Christianizing elements have had time to make themselves heard. That they will be heard in tones un-mistakably loud, only those wh o know noth-ing of the fight being made can doubt. ORTHODOX CHRISTIANS SAY IT IS ALL WRONG. Mrs. S. G. Wood, in Cleveland Evening Post, Nov. 30. EDITOR PLAIN DEALERŠSir: In your edi-torial on Thanksgiving amendment referring to the seeming objectionable points in the Thanksgiving proclamation of Grover Cleve-land, you say that from an orthodox Christian point of view they were all right. A reader begs leave to say that if orthodox Christians thoroughly understood the prin-ciples upon which our Government was founded, while they might not regard any part of the proclamation as offensive to their religious views, they could in no respect con-sider the proclamation right, as the issuance of Thanksgiving proclamations is all wrong. It is a violation of those principles which are dear to the heart of every American, for an officer of civil government, as an official, to prescribe or proclaim acts of religious wor-ship. You excuse Grover Cleveland, and, no doubt, justly so, on the theory that perhaps some man accustomed to devout phraseology wrote said proclamation, and it was indorsed by the President without due care and delib-eration. Allowing the excuse that it was written by a devout man, this is of itself evidence that such a document should never be issued by those in official capacity, in civil government. The writer being a devout man prescribes for the people of the United States an act of worship, according to the dictates of his manuscript writer's conscience, while the American people believe in worshiping God according to the dictates of their own con-science. There are a great number of citizens of the United States that are not yet willing to receive religious dictation from the head of the Government. Your suggestion of an amendment relative to an established rule for the Thanksgiving proclamation (said rule drawn up by experts) contains deadly germs of a union of Church and State, which are dangerous to the prin-ciples of civil and religious liberty. If a government can appoint or elect experts to draft a Thanksgiving proclamation, the Gov-ernment may also establish a form of worship or religious ceremonies to be observed on Thanksgiving day. An expert or experts to dictate a form of proclamation which would carry out the in- tention of the originators of the day, would of a necessity have to believe in prayer and thanksgiving, hence a religious test would be required which would be in violation of the last clause of the sixth article of the Consti-tution of the United States, which says that no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust nnder the United States. Again, for such a form to be adopted and made compulsory by legislative enactment would be in violation of the First Amendment to the Constitution, which says that Congress shall make no law respecting an establish-ment of religion, therefore, to establish a form of proclamation requiring an act of worship or religious services on a certain day, is to that extent an establishment of religion. It is " the little foxes that spoil the vines." The United States being composed of all religionists and no religionists, it would cer-tainly be an expert that could draft a form of proclamation that would not offend in any point. Until I am corrected I shall believe that the Plain Dealer did not make the suggestion in good faith; but for the purpose of showing the absurdity of Thanksgiving proclamations. I remain yours for America and American principles. THE IOWA SABBATH-RESCUE STATE CONVENTION. IN accordance with a call issued by repre-sentatives of the Iowa Sabbath Association, Iowa Sunday School Association, the Des Moines Ministerial Association, the Iowa Christian Endeavor Association, the Y. M. C. A., and the two branches of the W. C. T. U. in the State, there was held at Des Moines, Iowa, December 1-3, the " Sabbath-Rescue State Convention," the object of which was to " consider and decide upon the best meth-ods by which to arrest the prevalent and alarming tendency to disregard the Lord's day and turn the holy day into a holiday." Invitation was extended to " each synod, association, conference, convention, league, union, church, Sabbath school, and Young People's Society, in sympathy with the pur-poses of the convention," to send accredited delegates. It was hoped that the gathering would enable the Sabbath Association to be placed on a broader and better understood basis, by making it representative of all the religious bodies of the State in sympathy with the movement, and thus become the servant and central agency of this interde-nominational constituency, sustaining much the same relation to it that a central com-mittee does to a political party in a cam-paign. The papers and addresses all gave evidence of being prepared with unusual care, and the positions taken were, as a rule, much more conservative than at like conventions in the past. There were few if any new ideas ad-vanced. The predominant idea of the con-vention seemed to be that the future welfare of our nation depends solely upon the pres-ervation of Sunday as a day of rest; that on account of the cosmopolitan nature of our population, moral suasion was ineffectual, and therefore the only remedy left was com-pulsion by legal enactment. At the same time nearly every speaker emphasized the thought that it was the civil and not the religious aspect of the question that was under consideration; that there was no dis-position whatever to legislate people into a religious observance of the day, but simply 