JANUARY 17, 1895. 1%/110 C.,.1V 1‚7°101.1NTIE11-4., 19 Reformation. And in that case it is only the logical consequence that the papacy should dominate these countries; for when-ever a people become imbued with the principles of the papacy, whatever their profession may be, it is then a mere ques-tion of time as to that people and their country being dominated by the papacy in fact. And of this truth the United States is no less a striking illustration, than are Germany and Switzerland. Ł What National Reform Really Is. WESTERN PENNSYLVANIA is the habitat of National Reform in the United States, hence it is there seen in its best, or rather, worst aspects. It was in western. Pennsylvania that Alexander Campbell battled against the " Moral Societies," the National Reform Association of three-quarters of a century ago; and it is in western Pennsylvania that the most radical National Reform utterances are heard to-day. In the recent National Reform conven-tion in New Castle, Dr. R. J. George, a leading light in National Reform circles, spoke on. the " Duties of the State to the Church." He said The State is subservient to the Church. The nations and kingdoms which do not serve God shall perish. It is the highest dignity and honor of the State that it has been placed under the authority of the Church's head. The State should profess the true Christian religion. The Church is to teach the State God's message. The Sabbath mail service is an assault upon the Church, because it is trampling upon the sacred day appointed by God for his service, The State must have its moral system maintained in its legislation. It is the duty of the nations of the world to protect the Church in its work among mis-sions. The State .should bestow national gifts upon the Church and thus testify the sincerity of her attach-ment to the gospel. The State erects jails and gallows, but gives nothing to the Church. The very first proposition in the quoted paragraphs shows the true nature of Na-tional Reform, and is a confession of all that has ever been charged against the system. Webster defines subservient as, " Fitted or disposed to subserve; useful in an inferior capacity; serving to promote some end; subordinate." It follows that, according to Dr. George, and according to National Reform, the State exists only to serve the Church; and as service means obedience, it follows that the real govern-ing power is the Church, and that the State exists only to enforce the laws and decrees of the Church. And this is simply the papacy over again, a veritable image of the papacy. Again, National Reform asserts that the State should profess the "true Christian religion; " but before the State can pro-fess the true Christian religion, it must decide what the true Christian religion is; and this must be an authoritative decision, binding upon the several units which compose the State, for the State is simply the people in their aggregate capacity. But the action of the people in their ag-gregate capacity is only the action of the majority, or more frequently, of an organ-ized minority having control of legisla-tion; and under the National Reform scheme this majority or a united minority having control of legislation, must decide for the whole .people what is the true Christian religion. But to decide for another what is the true Christian relig-ion is to assume the prerogative of infal-libility, and thus again National Reform leads us back to the papacy,Što the church  of Rome; for this assumption of authority to decide what is the true Christian relig-ion, is the very groundwork of the papacy. This Government was at the first framed upon the principle of equal civil and relig-ious rights to all. It was not opposed to religion, nor to its free exercise, but only to any profession of religion by the Gov-ernment, because in the -very nature of the case any profession of religion by the civil government must of necessity trench upon the freedom of the individual. It was very properly held by the framers of the Constitution that the greatest serv-ice any government can render religion is to let it alone." This is Protestantism, and it was after this principle that our Government w&,3 fashioned. But now comes National Reform and demands that the fashion of our institutions shall be changed; that instead of remaining as our fathers made it, this Government shall be imaged after the papacy; that it shall as-sume the prerogative of infallibility and define and profess " the true Christian religion." Is not this a fulfillment of the prophecy of Revelation 13: 14, " Saying to them that dwell on the earth, that they should make an image to the beast [the papacy], which had the wound by the sword and did live" ? And is not this virtually what has been done by the action of the various depart-ments of the Government ? First, in Feb-ruary, 1892, the Supreme Court decided that "this is a Christian nation ; " then followed the World's Fair legislation, in which Congress assumed to define at least one dogma of the "true Christian" faith, by declaring that Sunday, the first day of the week, is the Sabbath according to the fourth commandment; and this at the de-mand of the churches, thus giving " the church " the place claimed for her by National Reform. namely, that of lawgiver to the State. The principle contended for by National Reformers has certainly been admitted by the Government. Over and over again it had been plainly stated by Dr. H. H. George, as it was in the New Castle con-vention, that the church can have any-thing she demands from Congress. "The Christian people have learned their power; they can mould legislation as they will." Such is the boast of National Reform to-day; and this being true, the State being, by its own acknowledgment, subservient to the Church, have we not in this comp. try a perfect image to the papacy, a church dominating the civil power and using it to further her own interests and to enforce her dogmas ? We certainly have. Certainly, if Dr. George's theory were correct, if the State should have a relig-ion, it should support it. And this is National Reform as one finds it in west-ern Pennsylvania, and as it is fast obtain-ing in every part of our land once the home of liberty of conscience, but now the seat of the image to the papal beast, the home of that iniquitous system whereby the Government lends itself to the com-bined churches to enforce upon the con-sciences of all men the unscriptural dogma of Sunday sacredness. Papal Policy. IN an interview in this city recently, Dr. F. Z. Rooker said:Š I left Rome on December 9, having my last audience with the pope on the evening of December 6.  The pope has lust received the first copies of the  oriental encyclical which had been prepared during the last days of my stay at Rome, and copies of which I bear to Monsignor Satolli. The encyclical concerns the steps the.t have been taken in the East to bring into the Roman Catholic Church many of the inhab Ł itants of Armenia and the countries thereabout, who, though practically Catholics, still refutes to acknowl-edge the supremacy of the bishop of Rome. By estab-lishing schools and permitting the natives of these countries to retain many of their old customs in the celebration of the mass, the pope hopes to gradually bring them into the church This has ever been the policy of Rome. Of the era of Constantine, Gibbon says:Š The' most respectable bishops had persuaded them-selves that the ignorant rustics would more cheerfully renounce the superstition of paganism if they found some resemblance, some compensation, in the bosom of Christianity. The religion of Constantine achieved, in le& than a century, the final conquest of the Roman empire but the victors themselves were insensibly subdued by the arts of their vanquished rivals. This is the policy by which the " man of sin" causes craft to prosper in his hand, and by which he destroys many. Rome Condemns Free Inquiry. THAT Rome is opposed to the right of private judgment, is evident from this editorial note from the Catholic Times of Dec. 15:Š Not Protestantism, but indifferentism, is the chief obstacle to the conversion of Americans to the Catholic Church. The whole spirit of the country is in favor of looking upon religion as a personal opinion. You are at perfect liberty to change your religious opinions as you do your coat and hat. . . . The only church with a shadow of a claim to unity and universality is the Roman Catholic We should impress upon our countrymen the logical position which the church holds, and show them that it is not based on bigotry or intolerance, but upon the essential nature of truth, which must be exclusive. If there is only one true religion, any creed or opinion contradictory of that must be false ; and if we can find out the one true religion, we need not prolong our investigations into anything that calls itself a church. Yet all signs point to a wider diffusion of the false idea of religion as a private and personal opinion, which it is every man's birthright to choose, hold and reject at pleasure. This is the outcome of the spirit of free inquiry and private interpretation which was created and fostered by the Reformation. It is the glory of Protestantism, of which it has also been the bane. There is no mistaking the spirit of this utterance. It is opposed to the right of private judgment. But if the right of private judgment is not to be exercised, it must be repressed, and that by force; there is no other way. And yet Rome poses as the champion of civil and religious liberty ! But let it never be forgotten that in the terminology of the papacy, religious liberty is the right to " worship God ac-cording to the dictates of a right con-science; " and a " right conscience" is a conscience controlled by the Citholic Church. Dr. Mullally OpposesŁ the Endorsement of Dr. Parkhurst's Methods. As is well known, there was quite a thorough political revolution in this city at the election last November. As is also well known, Dr. Parkhurst, by political and immoral methods, had a considerable share in bringing this about. Tributes of honor have been paid to Dr. Parkhurst by different secular organizations. Dr. Park-hurst is a Presbyterian in religious con-nection, and a member of the "Presbytery of New York." Some, at least, of this Presbytery think that Dr. Parkhurst's po-litical work is so much of a Presbyterian affair that the Presbytery, as such, should 