AMERICAN SENTINEL: 135 The first duty incumbent upon all mankind, and in the same degree to all, no more, no less, is: "Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind." And another duty that grows out of this is: "Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself." But where is the nation that can enforce this duty? The only power that any government can use in enforc-ing its requirements is force: force, too, that is repre-sented by policemen's clubs. But all the clubs of the whole police force of the United States cannot instil one particle of love for God, or anybody else, into the human heart. They can reach no further than a man's skull, and at their very best only club his brains out, and put him where he cannot possibly love either God or man. But one reason why it is the first duty of man to love God with all his heart is that without this element being there it is absolutely impossible for him to comply with a single requirement of the Almighty, for "on these two commandments hang all the law and the prophets." ' Love is the fulfilling of "Šnot a substitute forŠ" the law." Again, the Bible teaches the absolute equality of all Tmen. For instance: "There is no respect of persons with God." Rom. 2:11. And in Acts 17:26' we are told that God ' hath made of one blood all nations of men for to dwell on all the face of the earth." Again: "Every one of us shall give account of himself to God." Rom. 4:12. In order that this can be done properlyŠwhether the account is good or bad, man haŁs been endowed with lib-ertyŠliberty to serve or not to serve God, as man him-self pleases; or if he chooses to serve God, to do it in a way that shall be pleasing, or not pleasing, to God. This is his natural right; God has so endowed him. Without it true service could not be rendered to God. This liberty is usually spoken of as "liberty of conscience." This is shown in the language of Christ: "If any man hear my words and believe not, I judge him not." John 12:17. Now any government which should in practice recog-mize these principles with reference to earthly govern-ments would indeed in this respect be Christlike or lamb- But as before stated, the United States, of all nations, is positively the only one that has so recognized them. The following expresses the position of this government: "We hold these truths to be self-evident: that all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Cre-ator with certain unalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness."ŠDeclara-:don of Independence. And also : "Congress shall make rio laws respecting an establishment of religion, or pro-hibiting the free exercise thereof."ŠThe Constitution. "The intent of the lawgiver is the law," is a legal ax-iom. Just what was intended by the above may easily Abe learned, and therefore what the law really is. Washington says, "Every man who conducts himself  as a good citizen, is accountable alone to God for his re-ligious faith, and should be protected in worshiping God according to the dictates of his own conscience." Jefferson took a prominent part in bringing before the General Assembly of Virginia a bill which was carried, entitled "An Act for EstablishingReligious Freedom." A few brief extracts will show what Jefferson's convictions were on religious liberty. "Well aware that Almighty God hath created the mind free; that all attempts to in-fluence it by temporal punishments or burdens, or by civil incapacitations, tend only to beget habits of hypoc-risy and meanness, and are a departure from the plan of the Holy Author of our religion, who being Lord both of body and mind, yet choose not to propagate it by coer-cions on either, as was in his Almighty power to do . . . that our civil rights have no dependence on our religious opinions, more than our opinions in physics or geometry . . . that it tends also to corrupt the principles of that very religion it is meant to encourage, by bribing, with a monopoly of worldly honor and emoluments, those who will externally profess and conform to it . . . that to suffer the civil magistrates to intrude his power into the field of opinion and to restrain the profession or propa-gation of principles, on the supposition of their ill ten-dency, is a dangerous fallacy, which at once destroys all religious liberty. . . . Be it, etc." And in a letter to Rev. Mr. Miller, Jan. 3, 1808, he says : "I consider the government of the United States as interdicted by the Constitution from intermeddling with religious institutions, their doctrines, disciplines, or exercises." These expressions, and many others, are summed up in what Bancroft, the historian, says: "Vindicating the right of individuality even in religion, and in religion above all, the new nation dared to set the example of ac-cepting in its relations to God the principles first divinely ordained in Judea. It left the management of temporal things to the temporal power; but the American Consti-tution, in harmony with the people of the several states, withheld from the Federal Government the power to in-vade the home of reason, the citadel of conscience, the sanctuary of the soul; and not from indifference, but that the infinite spirit of eternal truth might move in its free-dom and purity and power." Thus the United States adopted the principle of gov-ernment that Jesus Christ taught; thus it became lamb-like, and being the only nation that ever did it, it is proven beyond a doubt that the United States is the Government symbolized by the two-horned beast. A SUNDAY law for the District of Columbia is an en-tering wedge which is designed to sever all connection of the Government with the principle enunciated in those words of the Constitution: "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." Let the friends of liberty look,  out for the entering wedges. 