770 AMERICAN SENTINEL. it is surprising that an association which claims to be altogether unworldly in character, should, in the very face of the words of Christ, propose to give men rest by civil enactment. From the Christian standpoint, these words of divine invitation constitute the true basis upon which this rest question must be settled for all men. For it is actual rest which this invitation holds out to all. It is-no figure of speech, but a literal statement. And everybody who has accepted it, and tried it, knows that it is literally true. No one who has found the rest that is in Christ, is complaining to-day that he does not have rest enough to satisfy every physical need. And it is easy enough to see why this is so. For when an individual comes to Christ, he brings himself into harmony with the purpose of God for humanity in this fallen world, and that purpose embraces everything that is for man's benefit. And God, who created man, knows better than any one else just how much rest man needs. It was God who, in the beginning, ordained that man should live by the sweat of his brow, and who pro-vided for him the weekly day of rest. The Being who made man has himself provided a rest for man; and he has set forth that rest in the words of the fourth commandment. It is recorded that God him-self set the example in this respect, and that "on the seventh clay he rested and was refreshed." In the rest which God has provided, there is refreshment; but in the rest which the state provides, there is only turmoil and trouble. For it will not be denied that the police have harder work in taking care of a city full of people when they are idle, than when they are at work. It is to this rest, with its refreshment, that the indi-vidual comes when he accepts the invitation, "Come unto Me." There is rest in Christ at all times,Šrest for the heart, rest for the mind, rest for the whole being; but there is the special rest of the Sabbath,Šthe seventh day, which God blessed for the benefit of mankind. Let an individual come to Christ, accept the seventh day of rest from work as God has commanded, and see if he does not find all the rest that he needs. We have never heard of a case in which it was not so. The working men are, many of them, under a heavy yoke. But the Saviour says, "Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me;" "for my yoke is easy, and my burden is light;" and he gives the assurance, "Ye shall find rest unto your souls." It is not surprising that the world should not believe these words; but it is certainly to be expected that the church will believe them, and will make them the basis of her work for the betterment of man-kind. It is certainly to be expected that, as the church views the prevalent conditions which emphasize the world's unrest, she will throw all her energies, into the proclamation of the divine message which alone can pro-vide the remedy. Does not the rest ordained and provided for man by the Creator, exactly meet the requirements of man's na-ture to-day? Is it not the only rest that will supply  man's need? and is not this rest to be secured alone by acceptance of the gospel invitation? Does not the church, at least, believe this? and is it not her mis-sion to proclaim this to all the world, and that to the-full extent of her ability? Is it not, then, "another gos-pel" to which the church is turning, in proclaiming rest fOr mankind by the force of civil law? SOME people seem to labor under the lingering im-pression that when Christ said, "Go, disciple all nations,"-he gave them a roving commission to discipline any-body upon whom they could lay their hands.ŠN. Y.. Observer. " Higher Criticism " of the Calendar. THERE have been several changes made in the calen-dar since it was first known to man, but it appears that there is yet need of another "reform," more radical than those made by Julius Cmsar and Pope Gregory. What this is, is indicated by the following words from the, an-nual address of Miss Frances Willard, at the late W. C. T. U. Convention:Š "We must be careful always to let it be understood that those who observe some other day then the seventh, are to be respected in their belief by any law that we are working to help obtain." By "some other day than the seventh," was meant some other day than Sunday; which is to say that Sun day is the seventh day, instead of Saturday. But as everybody knows, the calendar makes Saturday the sev-enth day of the week and Sunday the first day. Now, when persons of the intelligence of the World's W. C. T. U. president hold and proclaim that Sunday is the seventh day of the week, why do the makers of the almanac persist in holding to the old style of calling Sun-day the first day instead of the seventh?, Why can we not have a calendar that will be abreast of the "advanced thought" of the times, especially in so fundamental a matter as the numbering of the days of the week? This is evidently what many of our Sunday-observing friends who still believe in the fourth commandment would like. But alas ! even if the calendar could be so-"reformed" as to make Sunday the seventh day of the week, and so harmonize its observance with the fourth commandment, it would only throw them hopelessly out-of gear with other Scripture texts upon which they de-pend for justification of their practice. For they hold that the New Testament Scriptures plainly teach that Christ rose from the dead on the first day of the week, and as their Sabbath observance is based upon the res-urrection of Christ, it can never be any other than the first day of the week upon which that observance must fall. Hence, to make Sunday the seventh day of the week would only be to throw the "Sabbath" over to Monday, which would be the first day of the week accord-ing to this new reckoning. 