ELIJAH-  P. LOVEJOY. LOEVJOY'S PRTNTING OFFICE AT ALTON, ILL.      392 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Elijah P. Lovejoy, A MARTYR TO THE CAUSE OF LIBERTY. BY R. M. KILGORE. SIXTY years ago this noble man closed his brief, heroic life in the battle for civil and religious liberty, at Alton, 111. The fair name of that free State was tarnished by, and her soil was the first to drink, the blood of one who stood bravely in defense of the God given right of all men to "life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." The bondage and slavery of three million men and women at that time were more than his sense of justice could endure. He saw in that, his, and the free-d o m of every other man, iuvolved; he could not keep silent, and at the age of thir-ty-two, he announced to the world his posi-tion, in these words:Š "I have sworn eter-  nal opposition to slay, - ery, and by the blessing of God, I will never go back." He was a Presbyterian minister, but was called to the editorship of the St. Louis Observer, the first number of which was dated November 22, 1833. His views on the slavery question were not to be tolerated in Missouri, and prominent citizens of St. Louis objected to the dis-cussion of the subject in the columns of his paper, and "warned Mr. Lovejoy that his views Were dangerous, and would lead to violence." The editor replied with an appeal "To my fellow-citizens," repeating his views as to slavery, and calling attention to the clause of the constitution of Missouri declaring that "the free communication of thoughts and opinions is one of the inalienable rights of man, and that evei y person maŁy freely speak, write and print on any subjectŠbeing responsible for the abuse of that liberty." The deliberate determination is announced in one of the closing paragraphs of the appeal :Š "I do, therefore, as an American citi-zen and Christian patriot, and in the name of liberty, law and religion, solemnly protest against all these attempts, howsoever and by whomsoever made, to frown down the liberty of the press and forbid the free expression of opinion. Under a deep sense of my obligations to my country, the church and my God, I declare it to be my fixed purpose to sub-mit to no such dictation. And I am prepared to abide by the consequences. I have appealed to the consti-tution and laws of my country ; if they fail to protect  me, I appeal to God, and with him I cheerfully rest my-cause." The St. Louis Globe Democrat, of June 4, 1897, gives the following graphic account of the scenes that followed, and Mr. Lovejoy's replies to the attacks made-against the principles he so fondly cherished. They were-dearer to him than life. The Democrat says:Š "The opposition of the people grew stronger as the editor continued his attacks on slavery, and the owners of the paper finally decided to move it to Alton, that being in a free State, and the people of the town ap-parently having no objection to the transfer. Before this was done, however, persons entered the Observer office, broke up some of the furniture and material, and threw the remains into the river. The press was not se-riously damaged, and it was shipped to Alton, where it was immediately destroyed by persons unknown, and thrown into the riverŁ. A public meeting was held by the citizens of Alton, and this act denounced, although the Assembly declared itself not in sympathy with Mr. Love-joy's views. A new press was procured, and the publica-tion of the Observer was resumed Sept. 8, 1836, and con-tinued without interruption, but not without opposition, until August, 1837. On July 11, 1837, at a public meet-ing, resolutions were adopted condemning the course of the Observer, and a committee appointed to present them to Lovejoy. His reply' was dignified and dispas-sionate, but manifested an unalterable purpose:Š " 'As long as I am an American citizen, and as long as American blood runs in these veins, I shall hold my-self at liberty to speak, to write, to publish whatever I please on any subjectŠbeing amenable to the laws Of my country for the same.' "The office of the Observer was broken into by a mob on the night of August 21, and the press and printing material completely destroyed. A month later a third press was received and placed in a warehouse on Second Street. The same night it was taken out, broken up and thrown into the river. Undismayed, Lovejoy ordered a fourth press. Before its arrival excitement rose to fever heat, and on November 3 a public indignation meeting was held. Strong condemnatory resolutions were pre-sented by a committee appointed to preparethem. Love-joy was present, and was allowed to speak in his own:behalf. 