86 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. throne." He requires nothing of a man that he can not do even though the whole world is opposed to him. It is not true that one man can disturb his neighbor in such a way as to interfere with his accept-ance with God in the observance of his holy day. God requires the best and holiest regard for his day we can give under the circum-stances which surround us, and over which we can have no control. The command-ment says that a man and all he controlsŠhis animals, his servants, and the stranger that abides with himŠshall rest on that day, and when a man conforms to that requirement, sincerely and heartily, his service is acceptableto his Maker, whether his neighbor observes the day or not. What one man can do and be accepted of God another can do and be accepted; be-cause God is no respecter of persons. I know that I can serve God by resting on his Sabbath even though thousands of busy men are toiling all around me regard-less of the sacred claims of God's holy day. My conscience could not be troubled be-cause they are at work. I know this because I have 'kept the day under just such circumstances, and felt not the slight-est compunction of conscience because others did not choose to observe the Sab-bath day with me. God accepted my ser-vice because I kept the day according to the commandment made to me individually and to every other individual human being on the earth. A great political lecturer was once ad-dressing a large audience. During his speech he made a very bold statement. A man in the audience arose and stated a little personal experience which completely contradicted the bold statement of the lec-turer. " This," says the man, " I know to be a fact by my own personal experience; and how do you harmonize it with your statement." " But," replied the lecturer, "I know nothing of this fact you state, I never heard of it before." The man in the audience then replied, " But my knowl-edge of this fact, no matter how limited, is not to be offset by your ignorance of it however extensive that may be." So with Sabbath observance, if one man knows he can render acceptable service to God by keeping his Sabbath, even though thousands are working on that day, it makes no difference how many may say they know nothing of his experience. There is not only one but there are thousands .who can testify to a sense of acceptance with God in resting on his Sabbath, when the world around them was engaged in its usual secular business, bustle, and wicked-ness. There is only one way in which a man can disturb his neighbor's conscience by working on the day his neighbor observes as the Sabbath. He can not disturb his conscience in the least if that conscience is first right between himself and his God. If it is not right, it can be very easily dis- turbed by the course of some one whose conscience is " void of offense toward God and men." To illustrate : Railroads and steamboats have run, and factories have been operated all over this country on Sunday, and they have been comparatively unmolested, in their disregard of the day. But who has been prosecuted for Sunday work? A typ-ical case is that of a quiet farmer in the State of Tennessee, who was arrested for work-ing in his back fields, where he was out of sight or hearing of any religious gather-ing, and where he could disturb no one by his work. What was there about this man that he should be prosecuted for quietly working where he could disturb no one, while at the same time thousands of busy hands were running railroads, steamboats, telegraph lines, and following almost every vocation under the sun ? ŠBecause that man had conscientiously rested on another day, and had performed his duty to his Maker, and felt in his heart not the slightest regard for Sunday as a sacred day. This case and a few sim-ilar ones show where the efforts of those who favor Sunday legislation are tending. It is not so much those who work on Sun-day who offend, as it is those who deny the sacredness of the day by resting on some other day, which is sacred to them, and which answers the demands of the con-science. In the Salem witchcraft fanat-icism men and women were condemned, not for being witches and wizards but for deny-ing the reality of witchcraft, and if a man confessed himself a wizard or a woman confessed herself a witch, it was almost sure to release them from the death to which they had been condemned. The parallel between the insane fanaticism of that time and the movement in our day which seeks to put a popular belief in the fundamental law of the land on an unde-niable legal basis is very significant. Per-secution has never been directed so much against those who denied God, as against those who, departed from the popular forms of worshiping God. SANFORD 0. LANE. IT is not sufficiently emphasized that the Jew is left absolutely free to observe the seventh day. He can close his shop; he can refuse to work.ŠW. F. Crafts, 1884. The liberty of rest for each demands the law of rest for all. W. F. Crafts, 1892. What has wrought the change? If in 1884 the Jew was "left absolutely free to ob-serve the seventh day" without a law com-pelling others to observe it also,how is it that in 1892 the Christain is not free to keep Sunday without.. a "law of rest for all "? Ł THE greatest praise government can win is, that its citizens know their rights and dare maintain them.ŠWendell Phil-lips. re'Pl.!TILC101‚1.A.T...Ł licatiOUS LihGrtil ASSOGiati011 ,µDOACT JUST/CF TO 04.937'  (-49ri' Ł AND TtlE cnnlk" toseVaii- stridiAlt-isgft  DEGLRRATION OF PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit-ting to iN authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on re-ligious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and hon-orable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil gov-ernment; that we and our follow-citizens may enjoy the ines. timable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES: 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK CITY. 1225 T St., N. W., WASHINGTON, D. C. 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO, ILL. 12TH AND CASTRO Spa., OAKLAND, CAL. 267 WEST MAIN ST., BATTLE CREEK, MICH. PRESIDENT. SECRETARY. A PRIVATE letter gives information that five Sev-enth-day Adventists, Brethren Ward, John Dortch, Moon, Lowry, and Stem, of Springville, Tenn., have been indicted for Sunday labor. *AP  Ł  ABOUT one hundred and fifty informations have been lodged against newsdealers and others in Pittsburg, for violation of the Sunday law, up to the present time; and in nearly every case a fine of twenty-five dollars has been imposed, with costs added. These cases have all been appealed, and March 11 fixed for their final hearing. SENATOR PETTIGREW, of South Dakota, chairman of the Select Senate Committee on the quadro-cen-tennial, is quoted in the Washington Evening Star as having said to a reporter,Š "I have read about everything that has been pub-lished on this matter, and I fail to see why the Fair should be open on Sundays. This is a Christian Nation and so long as it remains so the sanctity of the Sabbath must be preserved; when we legislate in opposition to one of the commandments our title to the possession of Christianity will be difficult of maintenance. . . . If the Fair was opened on Sunday the railroads would bring from surrounding towns immense crowds of people; the day would be a holiday, and we, as a Christian Nation, would be a party to the abandonment of the Sabbath as a day of rest and meditationŠreminder of the obliga-tions of man to man. "The economical point of view must not be over-looked. Since the issue has been raised, and the question debated, I am satisfied that more peopleŠtwo to oneŠwill stay away from the Fair, if it is opened on Sunday, than the additional people who would attend on Sunday only. A Sunday Fair means decreased gate receipts." It will be noticed that although the Senator claims to have read about everything on the subject, he has absorbed nothing but National Reform theo-ries. Not much can be said for the depth of thought shown by such a man, whose business is to under-stand the highest legislative questions that can come before the country, and yet who can see no distinction between " legislating in opposition to one of the commandments " and the pursuance of the proper neutral course of the civil authority in religious questions. ŁŁŁ  THE question of closing the World's Fair on Sun-day has been avoided by the Senate of the New York Legislature. This is the account given by the Sun:Š Senator Hunter's resolution to ask Congress to appropriate no money to the World's Fair unless it is closed on Sunday, came up in the Senate and caused one of the religious debates which is a reg-ular thing in one house or the other almost every day. Senator Boesch moved to refer the resolution to the World's Fair Commissioners from New York. He made a speech commenting on the Puritan fathers, and saying that this country should not follow them in their bigotry and narrowness. R. C. PORTER A. F. BALLENGER 