64 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. TI2e ArirDicaq Beqtiqel, OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, AUGUST, 1888. THE Pope has secured a convention with the Government of Colombia, South America, by which there is secured to the Papacy the protection of Catholicism as the State religion, the exemption of religious buildings from tax-ation, and the exemption of the clergy from military service. The clergy will have entire control of the Government schools and uni-versities. THE Rev. T. L. Cuyler, D. D., is a man of such standing that he can be allowed to say with freedom what would be called rank heresy in others. Speaking of the votes which were cast for Miss Willard, in the Methodist General Conference, as editor of the New York Christian Advocate, he said in the New York Evangelist of June 14 :Š "Miss Willard is a lady of rare gifts and graces, yet she is in danger of exchanging her lofty position as a Christian philanthropist, for that of a political wire-puller. Woman in yonder missionary meetings is beautiful; but woman in a political caucus or committee, is hardly an object for angels to admire." To all of which we heartily say, Amen. -1 Ł-4. WE are opposed to the so-called National Reform movement, not because if it succeeds our position as dissenters might be made un-comfortable, but because it is in no sense a reform. It is a step backward, and a long step too. It is a return to the policy of the Dark AgesŠa substitution of the shell of Chris-tianity for the kernel. Some may think that it is better to have even the form of Christian-ity without the substance, if we cannot have the reality; but we do not think so. Empty shells are of no earthly use except to take up valuable room. And so the empty shell of Christianity, which "National Reform" would give us, would serve simply to crowd out vi-tal Christianity. As Christians we are opposed to the National Reform movement ; and every-one who loves real, vital Christianity ought to be arrayed against it. THE Christian Statesman, of June 28 has an editorial strongly condemning the late Na-tional Republican Convention for its " lack of Christian character and purpose," which closes with the following words "The convention illustrates accurately the irreligious character of our political system, in which infidels like Ingersoll, and Presbyte-rian elders like Harrison, of Indiana, sit to-gether in the- same councils, having agreed beforehand that differences in religion shall be no hindrance to their fellowship." Well, why should differences in religion be a hindrance to their fellowship in civil and political councils? Is not the proper admin-istration of government of just as much im-portance to an infidel as it is to a Presbyte-rian elder? Are not an infidel's rights just the same, and just as sacred, under civil- gov-ernment as are those of a Presbyterian elder,  or anybody else, and vice versa? If not, why not? Is it not the truth that "all men are created equal, and are endowed by their Cre-ator with certain unalienable rights, among which are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness " ? And is it not to secure these ends that Governments are instituted among men? Every person who has any regard for the Declaration of Independence must an-swer, Yes. Well, then, again we ask, Why should differences in religion be any hin-drance to their fellowship in securing to themselves life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness ? But such a political system doesn't suit the Christian Statesman at all. It wants a political system established in which agreement in religion shall be, the sole basis of civil fellowship ; a political system in which every citizen's religion shall be put to the test in every campaign. And that will be but the Papacy over again. A Congressman's Opinion. A CORRESPONDENT of the SENTINEL, in Wash-ington City, obtained an interview with Con-gressman Mason, of Illinois, and sent us the following report. It reached us in June but too late for publication in the July SENTINEL. We gladly give it place. Its points are well taken. Mr. Mason said :Š " The bill is remarkable in many ways, and I cannot now, for want of time, discuss the same as fully as I would like. But I am sur-prised that a man of Mr. Blair's opportunities should wholly ignore a class of citizens who worship on the seventh day instead of on Sunday. In the first place, the constitutional right to worship would be imposed, in my opinion, by this bill. And to say that a per-son who keeps Saturday instead of Sunday shall not be allowed to work on any other particular day of the week, is, in my opinion, a deprivation of the rights of property, and a substantial violation of that part of the Con-stitution which says that a citizen shall not be deprived of his life, liberty or property, with-out due process of law." It is simply childish for Senator Blair to provide that such a citizen may not do any work on Sunday " to the disturbance of others." He knows if he is familiar with history, and knows anything about the natural bent of the human mind, that any labor, however simple, or how-ever retired, would be "to the disturbance of others," if the " others " were strongly of the belief, as many are, that Sunday should be a legal day of rest. There are people in this world who are " disturbed " if your dress does not suit them, and the Senator might as well prescribe the fashion to dress as to say that those who wor-ship on Saturday shall worship on Sunday. I wish to be understood as saying that I do not believe in disturbance of public or private worship on Sunday or Saturday, but what I wish to say is that this bill or any bill seek-ing to fix a day of worship, by law, against the conscience or judgment of a large class of our citizens, is thoroughly unconstitutional, un-American, and, in my humble, judgment, un-Christian. I am informed that under State Sunday laws, members of the Seventh-day Adventist Church, and the Seventh-day Baptist Church, have been tried and convicted for performing their ordinary duties in a peaceful way, on Sunday, after having observed Saturday as their day of worship, and those persons have been committed to lirisons. Such action is certainly unconstitutional. Suppose for instance, the Sunday Bill is passed, and, in 1889, two-thirds are converted to the belief that we should worship on the seventh day. Then the law would be changed to fit the demands of the majorityŠreligious lib-erty becomes a political foot-ballŠthe Church and State would be united, and the most sa. cred article of our Constitution, which protects the inherent rights of the minority, would be destroyed. THE Interior says :Š When George Washington was presented with his little hatchet, his fingers ached to cut something with it. It is admitted that George was a good little boy, and meant no harm by chopping down the cherry tree. It has been so ever since. When power is put into an American parvenu's handsŠand we are all parvenus in this-  country, more or less Šhis fingers burn to exercise it, and if there is no useful work in sight he is sure to do mischiefŠand is very liable to anyway. If he has the self-confidence of combined egotism and inexperience, he is irrepressible in his ug-liness of purpose." This is just the position we take with refer-ence to the National Reformers. There are very many good people among them. There are many well-meaning persons who are anx-ious to see laws enacted for the better observ-ance-of Sunday. They say that they do not wish to infringe in the least upon the rights of others. But they don't know what they would do if they had the power. As the boy who has a brand new, sharp knife, can-not rest content until he has tried its edge, so the man who comes into the possession of power to which he is unaccustomed, must needs test his new toy to see how it works. He may not mean any harm, but power is a very dangerous tool in the hands of an inex-perienced person. If you would have relig-ious liberty, keep out of the hands of even the best of men every semblance of power to persecute for conscience' sake. WHAT other nations call religious tolera-tion we call religious rights. They are not exercised in virtue of governmental indul-gence, but as rights, of which Government cannot deprive any portion of citizens, how-ever small. Despotic power may invade those rights, but justice still confirms them. ŠU. S. Senate. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE MONTHLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservatiogi of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - - 50c. In clubs of five or more copies, per year, each, - - 30c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - as. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro St., OAKLAND, CAJ4,, 