g6 AMERICAN gENrriNEL. VoL. 8, No. 5. which are strangely misnamed as " labor legislation," being, in reality, like the Sunday laws, legislation for the promotion of idleness. And thus we have another illustration of the great principle, and the evil tree of Sunday law brings forth after its kind. BETRAYED BY THEIR OWN TERMS. The survey of the subject would not be complete without some reference to the savings of " necessity," and " charity," which are made in all Sunday laws. The very presence of the word " char-ity" is sufficient to betray the true nature of these laws as religious dogmas enacted into statutes. The interpretation of the word has, of course, to be made accord-ingly. And hence it is correctly said that "the means which long established and common usage of religious congregations show to be reasonably necessary to advance the cause of religion may be deemed works of charity."* But, apart from its fatal dis-closure of the religious character of the statute, the presence of this word, like that of " necessity," introduces a degree of uncertainty as to the application of the law, which it is safe to say would cause the courts to hold it void altogether if it were anything else but a Sunday law. Well has a learned judge of Vermont ob-served, " The statute excepts all acts of necessity and charity. These are lawful, and who is to judge what are such? If the jury, it will depend on the religious opinions of each jury, and of course be pregnant with the utmost uncertainty. If the court, as matter of law, then it will nearly convert a bench of laymen into an ecclesiastical council, for `necessity' and charity in connection with the Sabbath must very much depend upon the creed or religious belief of the individual to whom. the question is submitted. . . . How ungracious for a court to mark the law upon this duty for all denominations to be governed by and with judges usually be-longing to different religious societies. It would be like a synod composed of the dig-nitaries of several sects."f The uncer-tainty involved in the use of the word " charity," apart from the religious as-pect of the question, may be illustrated by the preceding case./ This held that a contract of subscription towards the erec-tion of a church was valid as an act of charity. If so, on what ground is the actual building of the church on Sunday unlawful? Or the quarrying of the stone for its walls, or the dressing of timber for its interior? In a word, where are we to stop in the degree of closeness of connec-tion between the act in question and " the advancement of the cause of religion " It does not seem possible that the subtlest judicial ingenuity will succeed any better in the future than it has in the past, in affording a satisfactory answer to this question..  But if an impenetrable cloud is cast over the, force and application of the Sun-day law by the presence of this word "charity," on what a bottomless, track-less sea are we launched by the use of that other word " necessity "! The tossings and flounderings, the hopeless " seeking after a sign," the vain beating toward a harbor which does not exist which we find in the cases on this subject are really painful to a sensitive mind. Among others, the eminent judge and senator, *Date v. Knapp, 98 Pa. 389. tLyon v. Strong, 6 Vt., 236. Pale v. Knapp, supra. Thurman, of Ohio, once wrestled with this subject in a long opinion.* But the outcome of it all is that there is no way of defining " necessity, " though the learned judge does not say this in so many words. In the first place, we do not know whether necessity is a question of law or of fact, or of both combined. f And secondly, it is unsettled whether the necessity must be that of the doer of the act or whether it is sufficient if his doing of it was a necessity to somebody else.I It is, however, when we leave these preliminary questions and come to con-sider the nature of this necessity of which we are to determine the existence or non-existence in any given caseŠwhen we study the thing in itself, as some philos-ophers say, that we most fully appreciate the hopelessness of interpreting or apply-ing a Sunday law with any degree of uniformity or fairness. Only a few points need be mentioned to vindicate this position. We are told that the necessity need not be " absolute,"§ yet it must be " imperious,"11 and mere " convenience " is not enough;* that it varies with the individual, so that a rich man might be punishable for working on Sunday to save his property from destruction, while a poor man would not be, t and also with " the exigencies of trade; "I and so on and so forth. Here, as under all of our preceding heads, the illustrations might be multiplied indefinitely without mate-rially strengthening the moral, which is that a " chaos of thought and passion all confused " has inspired the enactment of Sunday laws, stimulates their enforce-ment, and manifests itself in every judicial attempt to either justify, explain or apply them. Offers of a Kingdom Rejected. THE devil once offered the kingdoms of this world to Christ, but his offer was spurned with a severe rebuke. At an-other time our Lord's disciples and the people were determined to make him king of Israel, but neither would he accept it at their hands, but taught, rather, that they should render tribute to Omar who was their king. The Papacy next under-took to make Christ rule as king of the nations by proxy; they placed their chief bishop on a throne as Christ's vicegerent, and the history of the Dark Ages written in the blood of about fifty millions of God's people, illustrates the wickedness of such a scheme. Last of all, National Reform-ers, so called, and their host of allies are trying to make Christ king of this Na-tion, and to place the laws, and usages of Christ's church "upon an undeniable legal basis in the fundamental law of the land." But Jesus will in no wise accept it of them; and it will certainly result, as did the papal usurpation, in great afflic-tion to Christ's own peopleŠin fines, in boycotts, in imprisonment, in torture, in banishment, in chain-gang labor, in sen- *See McGutrick v. Mason, 4 0., 566. tIt is one of fact in Indiana, Edgerton's Case, 68 Intl, 588; of law in Vermont, Lyon v. Strong, 1 Vt., 219; and of the law and fact in Alabama. Hooper v. Edwards, 25 Ala., 528. an England, a barber is not excused by the fact that his Sunday shaving was a necessity for his customer. Phillips v. Tuness, 4 Cl. & F. 234. But it is said that here the apothecary is justified in selling a medicine which is a necessity to the sick. L. & N. R. R.'s Case, 89 Rid., 291. §Flagg v. Millbury, 4 Cush., 243. phmer's case, 34 Mo. App., 115. *Allen v. Duffle, 43 Mich., 1. tSee Whitcomb v. Oilman, 35 Vt., 297. McGutrick v. Mason, 40., 566. tence of death, until the limit of God's forbearance is reached, and he arises in anger to vindicate his down-trodden cause. But will Christ ever receive the king-doms of this world ? Yes, but not as the gift of the devil, of the people, of Pope, or of National Reformers. Will it be difficult for him to obtain the kingdoms of the world when he wants them ? No, he has only to ask his Father for them, and they will be speedily given. No change of Constitution, no Supreme Court decisions, no legislative enactments, nor executive approval, will be requisite. Says God the Father, to his Son Jesus : " Ask of me, and I will give thee the heathen for thine inheritance, and the uttermost parts of the earth for thy pos-session." Ps. 2: 8. But when they are thus given to Christ what will he do with them ? The Father says: " Thou shalt break them with a rod of iron; thou shalt dash them in pieces like a potter's vessel." Ps. 2:9. In Dan. 2:44, referring to earthly king-doms, the prophet says : " And in the days of these kings shall the God of heaven set up a kingdom, which shall never be destroyed; and the kingdom shall not be left to other people, but it shall break in pieces and consume all these kingdoms, and it shall stand for-ever." God has commissioned his servants to persuade and entreat men to accept the gospel and obey its precepts, but he never instructed them to fine, and imprison, and torture their fellow-servants who should fail to believe or do as they themselves might believe or do; he warned them rather that the devil would do that kind of work, and taught them to patiently endure, even to a martyr's death. It is unsafe to entrust a fallen church and min- istry with civil power. A. SMITH. Grandville, Mich. The Constitution and Holy-days and Holidays.* So far as Sunday is different from any other day of the week, it is either a holy-day or a holiday. If, therefore, there is to be any legislation concerning the observ-ance of this day, it must be on the ground that it is a holy-day or a holiday. A holy-day is necessarily a religious or church day. If there were no religion or no church there would be no holy-day. Legislation, therefore, for the observance of Sunday as a holy-day is religious legis-lationŠthat is, it is legislation for the establishment of a religious or church ob-servance, and therefore for an establish-ment of religion itself. But such legis-lation is absolutely forbidden by the Con-stitution. " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion." Madison says that "religion is entirely beyond the purview of government."  Washington says, "In no sense whatever is this Government founded upon the Christian religion." Jefferson has stated the unconstitutionality of religious legis-lation. In a letter Jan. 23, 1808, to the Rev. Mr. Millar, he writes:Š Washington, January 23, 1808.ŠSir: I have duly received your favor of the eighteenth, and am thankful to you for having written it, because it is more agreeable to prevent than to refuse what I do not think myself authorized to comply with. I consider the Government of the United States *Argument by Samuel P. Putnam before the Columbian Ex-position Committee of the House of Representatives, January 12, against the Sunday closing clause. 