464 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "0 no," laughed Aunt Mae. "People can afford to be very good-natured about what they can't help. Be-side the commandment shuts me up to God and myself alone. For it says, 'In it thou shalt not do any work,' and does not give the right of dictating to any one out-side my own household. But the real bottom of Mrs. Peter's trouble is weariness. Go upstairs and rest, and the noise will not worry you so." "Yes," said Mr. Peters. "It was that big dinner that has made the trouble." "Well, it's the only day we are all at home," sobbed Mrs. Peters. "And it seems a work of necessity and mercy to get the dinner." "That's the way the ball players think about their Sunday game. I heard them talking it over one day," said Mr. Peters. "Come, dear, go upstairs and take a nap, and let him that is without sin cast the first stone; for the greatest commandment is, 'Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart;' and the second is, 'Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself.." F. B. Studies in French History. Š31. EXAMINATION day, which meant so much to Rob and Charlie, had at last come and gone, and the two boys had passed very creditably. So it was fully decided that they should accompany their fathers on the long antici-pated voyage. The party was to sail in a short time, and at least two very enthusiastic boys sat side by side the next Tuesday afternoon to listen to Professor Car-man, so that they might get as much history as possible before their visit. "Well, boys," said their teacher, smiling in the direc-tion of Rob and Charlie, "I shall expect you to favor us with at least a letter or two while you are away, we shall all feel anxious to hear how you are enjoying your trip, and to see what you are learning." "0 yes, professor," cried both lads at once, "you may be sure we shall write to you." "You remember," begins the teacher, "that the king was not willing to allow even his nobles any authority or power,Š" "What king, please?" interrupted Florence Ray. "Louis the Eleventh," volunteered Edna Phillips. "Right; and the result of this was a continual quar- rel with them. But the duke proved himself equal to the king in diplomacy and cunning, as we shall see." "0 yes," said Ed Palmeter; "you were going to tell about a quarrel which Louis XI. had' with one of his nobles,ŠI had almost forgotten." "Well, they had Ł a great many quarrels, but once King Louis took it into his head to go over to Peronne and see the duke,ŠI think I mentioned last week that his name was Charles the Bold. He was a very important personage at this time, for he was ambitious to become  king of Burgundy. This province is in the east of France separated from Switzerland by the River Rhone and the Alps," continued Professor Carman, pointing to the map,  "and had at one time been a kingdom. So Charles the Bold thought he would become king instead of duke. He was a very large and strong fellow, and I pre-sume he thought he would be as fine a king at least as the ungraceful, untidy, and superstitious Louis XI." "Well, but what did Charles do when Louis went to see him at Peronne?" questioned Brown. "He went to meet him and was very kind to him, and it almost seemed they were in a fair way to settle all their quarrels, when it happened that Charles heard that Louis was secretly plotting against him. Of course he was treacherous and blameworthy in this act, we must allow; but certain it is, Charles should not have flown into such a dreadful rage. He shut the king up in the very castle where he was being entertained as a guest, and spent all one night in walking his room in ungov-erned rage, trying to think in what way he could best dispose of his enemy, most to humiliate him before his death,Šfor he fully intended to take his life for his dupli-city and double dealing." "Then the duke had him killed, did he?" questioned Milly Brown. "No; he listened to his' good advisers, who begged him not to violate his promise that the king should be treated well, for he had given him a safe conduct before his starting out on the visit." "King Louis must have been a very reckless kind of man even to start out that way to visit' an enemy," sug-gested Joe Palmeter. "On the contrary, he was ordinarily a very cautious man, and it is quite strange why he did it. He always had such a horror of death that he would not allow it to be mentioned in his presence, and was quite a coward at heart; for cowardice and superstition almost always go together." "Please tell us what you mean by a safe conduct," asked Florence Ray. "It was a writing given by those in authority to in-sure the safety of travelers through the country over which they had rule. So the duke at last made up his mind to spare the king's life." "Didn't he punish him in any way?" asked Max Smith. "0 yes, indeed; and a punishment which was to the angry king but little better than death itself. He forced him to go into the very town where he had planned the treason to the duke, and cry 'Hurrah for Burgundy!' at the top of his voice. Then Charles burned the town, and again compelled Louis to go with him to church and thank Heaven for the great victory over the duke's ene-mies, but his own friends. What a solemn mockery such a giving of thanks must have been! hatred in the heart and thanks upon the lips!" "That is just what it seems to me all forced worship is," said Joe Palmeter, "solemn mockery." 