THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. United States, and all the people thereof, may have and preserve governments republi-can in form and in substance, the United States shall guaranty to every State and to the people of every State and of the United States, the support and, maintenance of such a system of free public schools as is herein provided. SEC. 4. That Congress shall enforce this article by legislation when necessary. This amendment to the National Constitu-tion has been offered by Senator Blair, and is now pending in Congress. It is a singu-lar sort of a document, though hardly any more so than was to be expected in the pro-motion of the scheme which underlies it, i. e., the establishment of a National religion. The proposed amendment is just about as flatly self-contradictory as any proposition could be. Section 1. reads as follows " No State shall ever make or maintain any law respectina an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." The first sentence of section 2 reads as fol-lows :Ñ " Each State in this Union shall establish and maintain a system of free public schools ad-equate to the education of all the children living therein, between the ages of six and sixteen-  years, inclusive, in the common branches of knowledge, and in virtue, moral- ity, and the principles of Christian religion." That is to say, No State shall ever make or maintain a law respecting an establishment of religion; but every State in this Union shall make and maintain laws establishing the principles of the Christian religion. And to make assurance doubly sure, section 3 de-clares thatÑ " The United States shall guaranty to every State, and to the people of every State and of the United States, the support and mainte-nance of such a system of free public schools as is herein provided." And that is to say that the United States Government pledges itself that every State shall establish and maintain the principles of the Christian religion. This proposed amend-ment therefore, at one stroke, establishes Christianity as the National religion, because it declares that every State shall maintain the principles of the Christian religion in the pub-lic schools, and the Nation is pledged to see that this is done. Therefore there must be a National decision of some kind declaring just what are the principles of the Christian relig-ion. Then when that decision shall have been made, every State will have to receive from the Nation just those principles of religion which the Nation shall have declared to be the principles of the Christian religion, and which the Nation will have pledged itself shall be taught in the public schools of every State. In other words, the people of the United States will then have to receive their religion from the Government of the United States. There-fore, if Senator Blair's proposed amendment to the National Constitution does not provide for the establishment and maintenance of a National religion, then no religion was ever established or maintained in this world. But how shall this National decision be made as to what are the principles of the Chris-tian religion ? It would seem that the second sentence of section 2 makes provision for this. It declares that no "instruction or training shall be given in the doctrines, tenets, belief, ceremonials, or observances peculiar to any sect,'denomination, organization, or society, being, or claiming to be, religious in its char-acter; nor shall such peculiar doctrines, ten-ets, belief, ceremonials, or observances, be taught or inculcated in the free public ?schools." As therefore no religious tenets, doctrines, or beliefs can be taught in the schools, except such as are common to all denominations of the Christian religion, it will follow inevitably that there shall be officially called a National council of the churches to decide what are the principles common to all, and to estab-lish a National creed, which shall be enforced and inculcated by National power in all the public schools in the United States. .And that will be but the establishment of a Na-tional religion. And that is exactly what Sen-ator Blair's constitutional amendment assures, so surely as it or anything similar to it shall ever be adopted. And that is what the Na-tional Reformers intend shall be. It was in this way precisely that the thing was worked in the fourth century. Constan-tine made Christianity the recognized religion of the Roman Empire. Then it became at once necessary that there should be an im-perial decision as to what form of Christianity should be the imperial religion. To effect this an imperial council was necessary to formulate that phase of Christianity which was common to all. The Council of Nice was convened by imperial command, and an im-perial creed was established, which was en-forced by imperial power. That establishment of an imperial religion ended only in the im-perious despotism of the Papacy. As surely as the complete establishment of the Papacy followed, and grew out of, that im-perial recognition of Christianity in the fourth century, just so surely will the complete es-tablishment of a religious despotism after the living likeness of the Papacy, follow, and grow out of, this National recognition of Christian-ity provided for in the constitutional amend-ment proposed by Senator Blair, and which is now pending in Congress. The Savor of Tyranny. SENATOR BLAIR'S National Sunday Bill de-clares that no person shall " engage in any play, game, or amusement, or recreation, to the disturbance of others on the first day of the week, commonly called the Lord's day, or dur-ing any part thereof." Some of the States already have the same sort of Sunday laws as this. California has no Sunday law, much less one of this kind. But not long ago the city of San Francisco had, on another subject, an ordinance of the same nature as this passage in the National Sunday Bill. San Francisco has no such ordinance now, however; the merit of the ordinance came up before the Supreme Court, and the whole thing was treated with the contempt which all such statutes only deserve. The ordinance read as follows:Ñ " No person shall in any place indulge in conduct having a tendency to annoy persons passing or being upon the public highway or upon adjacent premises." A man by the name of Ferdinand Pape was distributing some circulars on the street, which had "a tendency to annoy" somebody; he was arrested. He applied to the Superior Court for a writ of habeas corpus, claiming that the offense charged against him did not constitute a crime, and that the ordinance making such action an offense was invalid and void, because it was unreasonable and uncertain. The report of the case says " The writ was made returnable before Judge Sullivan, and argued by Henry Hut-ton in behalf of the imprisoned offender. Disposing of the question, the Judge gave quite a lengthy written opinion, in which he passed a somewhat severe criticism upon the absurdity of the contested ordinance, and discharged Pape from custody. Said the Judge:Ñ "' If the order be law, enforceable by fine and imprisonment, it is a crime to indulge in any conduct, however innocent and harmless in itself, and however unconsciously done, which has a tendency to annoy other persons. The rival tradesman who passes one's store with an observant eye as to the volume of business is guilty of a crime, because the very thought of rivalry and reduction of business has a tendency to annoy. The passing of the most lenient creditor has a tendency to annoy, because it is a reminder of obligations unful-filled. The passing of a well-clad, industri-ous citizen, bearing about him the evidence of thrift, has a tendency to annoy the vaga-bond, whose laziness reduces him to a condi-tion of poverty and discontent. The impor-tunities of the newsboy who endeavors with such persistent energy to dispose of his stock, has a tendency to annoy the prominent citi-zen who has already read the papers, or who expects to find them at his door as he reaches home. He who has been foiled in an at-tempted wrong upon the person or property of another, finds a tendency to annoy in the very passing presence of the person whose honesty or ingenuity has circumvented him. And so instances might be multiplied indefi-nitely in which the most harmless and inof-fensive conduct has a tendency to annoy others. If the language of the ordinance de-fines a criminal offense, it sets a very severe penalty of liberty and property upon conduct lacking in the essential element of criminal-ity. "But it may be said that courts and juries will not use the instrumentality of this lan-guage to set the seal of condemnation on un-offending citizens, and to unjustly deprive them of their liberty and brand them as criminals. The law countenances no such dangerous doctrine, countenances no princi-ple so subversive of liberty as that the life or liberty of a subject should be made to de-pend upon the whim or caprice of judge or jury, by exercising a discretion in determin-ing that certain conduct does or does not come within the inhibition of a criminal ac-tion. The law should be engraved so plainly and distinctly on the legislative tables that it can be discerned alike by all subjects of the commonwealth, whether judge upon the bench, juror in the box, or prisoner at the bar. Any condition of the law which allows the test of criminality to depend on the whim or caprice of judge or juror savors of tyranny. The language employed is broad enough to cover conduct which is clearly within the constitutional rights of the citizen. It designates no border-line which divides the criminal from the non-criminal conduct. Its terms are too vague and uncertain to lay down a rule of conduct. In my judgment the portion of the ordinance here involved is uncertain and unreasonable." This decision applies with full force to Senator Blair's proposed National Sunday law. Under that law all that would be nec-essary to subject any person to a criminal prosecution, would be for him to engage in any sort of play, or' game, or amusement, or recreation, on Sunday, because there are many of those rigid National Reformers who would be very much "disturbed" by any such amusement or recreation, however innocent it might be in itself. And it is left entirely to the whim or the caprice of the "disturbed" one, or of the judge or jury, to say whether the action has really disturbed him or not. The California decision is, that such a statute "sets a very severe penalty of liberty and property upon conduct lacking in the essential element of criminality." California courts " countenance no such dangerous doc-trine, countenance no principle so subversive 