THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 739 she is talking about in this matter? We have not only her own word, but that of'history and of Scrip-ture, to assure us that on this, point she speaks the truth. THE TREND OF THE TIMES. ONE of the 'most significant things announced recently is that it is gravely proposed to. authorize the President of the United States to maintain "a regular army of such size as to him may seem fit." Thi's proposition is supported by no less influen= tial men than Senator Hawley, chairman of the Sen-ate Committee on Military Affairs, and Senator Proctor, ex-Secretary of War. Probably there is not a man in the country who would, use this power more wisely or more moder-ately than Mr. McKinley, but he is only human, and even were he more than he is, according to the un-written law which governs the presidential succes-sion he can be President only four years from the fourth day of next March.' Then another will take his place *hose ambition may be tempered by less / sterling moral principles than seem at least-to gov-ern the life of the present chief executive. The King of Prussia and Emperor of Germany, " war-lord " though he be, has not as much power either as king or emperor, nor as both together, as it is seriously proposed to put into the hands of the President of the United States. The Prussian Diet, more jealous of the rights of the people than some American statesmen at least, refused as far back as 1862 to give such power to the king, than whom few statesmen and soldiers in Europe have ever stood higher in the estimation of their fellow-men. In 1886, the Reichstag in passing the army bill guarded with jealous care the rights of the several German States, giving the emperor only certain well-defined powers. We can not believe that an American Congress will enact the proposed legislation, but equally strange-things have happened. Indeed, this that is proposed is only one of the straws showing the di-rection of the wind. The people are becoming careless of their tights on the one hand, while on the side of government the drift is= toward despot-ism. We are not alarmiSts, but we can not close our -eyes to patent facts. B. DON'T forget the " special" for next week. PURPOSE OF THE CATHOLIC FEDERATION. " ACCORDING to the Catholic Standard and Times (Philadelphia), one object of the Catholic federation now being organized in this country, is the protec-tion of Catholic interests in the territory taken by the United States, from Spain. " We must never forget," says the Standard and Times, "that the Catholic population of those islands have been de-liberately placed outside of the American Constitu-tion, and subjected to the principle of taxation without representation. They have none to look to, then, in the whole world, for the protection of their, interests, spiritual and material, but their fellow Catholics of the United States." But we have from Bishop Messmer, who unŠdoubtedly speaks with authority on the subject, a full outline of " the objects and methods of organi-zation " of this movement, as regards both the religious and the 'civil fields of its activity. The Standard and Times copies it from the Catlzolic Tribune.- "The— aims of the federation in the religious field, Bishop Messmer thinks, should include these subjects: Education (Catholic schools, colleges, universities); literature (periodical press, books, Catholic literary societies, Catholic Truth Society); Catholic societies; Catholic emigration, homes, col-onization, homes for Catholic sailors; Catholic con-ventions and demonstrations, Catholic congresses, State and national; secret societies. In the social field: The poor and orphans (St. Vincent de Paul societies, Catholic aid societies); the laborers (labor unions, strikes); marriage and divorce, the Sunday observance, the drink problem, the theatre, gambling,  and prostitution, obscene literature. " In the civil sphere the, Bishop' proposes these objects: Religious rights of Catholics in State in-stitutions (reformatories, prisons, workhouses, or-phans' and insane asylums, etc.); in the public schools (sectarian exercises and Bible; anti-Catholic text-books, discrimination against Catholic teachers, Catholic candidates for graduation and diplomas;  compulsion in State schools, etc.); chaplains in the army and navy ; veterans' homes; the Catholic Indians; taxation of church property; State sup-port of sectarian (Protestant) institutions; corruption in -politics (bribery at elections, in the legislature)." Did yon notice that Sunday observance is men-_ tioned as one of the things this federation is de-signed to push forward? --Thus One more great organization is to be added to the others already in the field, whose whole energies May at any time 'be 