176 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. VoL. 6, No. 22. NEW YORK, MAY 28, 1891. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE Woman's Christian Temperance Union, of Bradford, Pennsylvania, have recently circulated a petition in that place asking the City Council to close all places of business on Sunday. It has created considerable discussion of the subject in that vicinity, but the City Council are as yet undecided. THE Mail and Express finds fault with Professor Briggs because he declared that if the church tribunals decided against him he would appeal to the Supreme Court of the United States. Editor Shep-ard says:Š . What a disgrace it is to the Union Theological Seminary that their whimsical Professor Briggs should throw his arms about the Presbytery and shout out that he appeals to the civil power ! . . . Dr. Briggs wishes now to make his attempt to unite Church and State by showing that he can use the sword against his brethren of the Presbytery. And yet the Mail and Express insists -that Sunday laws, the exemption of church property from taxation, religious services in the public schools, etc., have in them no elements of a union of Church and State! Marvelous are the distinctions made by National Reformers! ON the 18th inst., the trustees of the Metropolitan Museum of Art, in this city, decided by a vote of twelve to four to open the Museum on Sunday from 1 o'clock P. M. until half an hour before sunset. The petition for Sunday opening had 30,000 signatures. Among the signers were the following ministers: Rev. W. S. Rainsford, Rev. David H. Greer, Rev. Lyman Abbott, Rev. Theodore C. Wil-liams, Rev. R. Heber Newton, Rev. H. Morton Reed, Rev. Edward B. Brady, Rev. A. B. Hart, Rev. Anthony Lammel, Rev. William C. French, Rev. S. W. Young. The counter petition, that against Sunday opening, bore the names of thirty- eight ministers. One of the reasons urged against open- ing the Museum on Sunday, was, that to open the museums on Sunday seems to them to be a perilous experiment opening the way to Sunday theaters and operas, beer gardens, music and dance halls, and the other features of what is called a continental Sunday, thus compelling a large claSs to work on that day for the pleasure of others, breaking down the principle of the equal right of all to the Sunday rest and impairing that  popular reverence for the Lord's day, which ex-perience in Europe and our Western cities clearly proves to be the one effective defense of Sunday as a rest day. The petition for Sunday opening was accompanied by a communication from the Central Labor Union declaring that it was approved by all the labor unions. There was also a petition of the Working People's Committee, Charles B. Storer, Secretary. This petition says that " while certain ' l ad ies ' and `gentlemen'" have been circulating a petition for Sunday opening, workingmen and working women, who knoW what they are asking for, have done the same thing independently and have obtained the indorsement of orga-nized labor. The petition says that "the statement that workingmen don't want the Metropolitan Museum open on Sun-day is false. To the argument that Sun-day opening will tend to make Sunday another day of labor, the New York work-ingman replies that he is prepared to prevent any such intrusion on his rights. As he is now able to determine the num-ber of hours he shall labor a day, so can he also determine the number of days' he shall labor in the week." By Sunday opening, the Museum will lose a few small bequests made upon con-dition that it should not be open the first day of the week. ANIMADVERTING upon the President's failure to keep Sunday at Glenwood Springs according to the National Reform order, and the reasons for that failure, the Christian Statesman says :Š The highest respect which the people of Colorado could have shown the President would have been by Ł respecting his well known convictions and wishes concerning the Sabbath rest. But they must have their gala day, even at the expense of the man whom they professed to honor. They could not forego the opportunity to press upon his mind their free silver coinage ideas. They invaded his private car with delegations as soon as he had risen in the morning. They pursued him with their attentions all day long, until he felt compelled to make a start on his journey in order to escape them. In so doing he set a much-to-be-regretted example to the assembled thousands who witnessed his de-parture. And we can not refrain from adding that if the President had halted his train at midnight Saturday, and passed the Sabbath quietly on a siding west of Glenwood Springs, he would have administered a deserved reproof to the crowd who were waiting to rob him of his day of rest. The necessity of law for the protection of -every citizen in his right to the boon of the Sabbath was never more clearly illustrated. The very people who cheered the President's remarks in favor of the Sabbath were trampling all day long on his right to the day, and on the rights of all who that day were constrained to serve their pleasure or their convenience. We may misunderstand the Statesman, but it would seem that our contemporary thinks there.  should be a law forbidding people to call upon the President on Sun-day, and possibly a clause forbidding the President to receive visitors upon that day. If Mr. Harrison had been exceed-ingly anxious to enjoy a quiet Sunday he  might, as the Statesman suggests, have had his car side-tracked west of Glenwood Springs instead of spending four hours of Sunday traveling to reach that place. But Mr. Harrison did not see fit to do that way, and we can not agree that the civil law ought to undertake to answer the petition, "Lead us not into tempta-tion." The President spent the first four hours of Sunday in getting into the way of temptation, and we doubt if any amount of civil law would have altered the case in the least. Or does the Statesman wish to be un-derstood as intimating that the President would have had more respect for a civil law than he has for what he understands to be a divine law ? If the Statesman does not mean this, we fail to see the clearness of the illustration. THE Independent has the following note concerning the World's Fair:Š It is stated that Mr. Thomas A. Edison has used his influence with the Directors of the World's Fair in favor of Sunday opening. At the same time we hear it said that an ex-Postmaster General, who was largely instrumental in having the Fair given to Chicago, regards it as a foregone conclus-ion that its gates will be opened on Sunday. We believe that the Directors are disposed to de-cide the matter as Mr. Edison and the ex-Cabinet officer have indicated. It is well for the friends of the Sabbath to know that they must use the most strenuous efforts if they would prevent this intended desecration. The weight of influence on the wrong side is heavy. All who are engaged in Sunday traffic are glad of the opportunity to express their views against Sabbatarianism, as they call it, and the Directors themselves want the gate money which, Sunday opening would be sure to bring them. Resistance to Sunday opening must be-come more resolute, or the enemies will be vic-torious. The arguments seem to us to be all on one side, and the public should be so plied with them that it will make its opinion felt. The only two classes likely to hail Sunday opening with satisfac-tion are those who expect to make money out of it and the rumsellers. It would be interesting to know to which of the two classes, mentioned by the Inde-pendent, Mr. Edison and the ex-Cabinet officer alluded to belong. The Independ-ent does not, however, speak advisedly when it says that only " those who expect to make money out of it and the rumsell-ers " want the Fair open on Sunday. A closed Fair would insure a Sunday harvest for Chicago saloons, but an open Fair will furnish other attractions for visitors. The zeal of the Sunday-law advocates often runs away with their discretion. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN- EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the  United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1.00 In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, 00c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - Is. Address AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York. 