GENERAL GRANT'S NEW TOMB IN RIVERSIDE PARK, NEW YORK CITY. Ł _— AMERICAN SENTINEL. 265 ideal? and if renouncing her dependence on human re-sourcesŠwealth and power and social prestige, she were to inscribe upon her banner that ancient motto : "Not by might nor by power, but by my Spirit, saith the Lord."ŠFrom " How Christ Came to Church," Baptist Publication Society, Philadelphia, Pa. General Grant on Separation of Church and State. APRIL 27, the birthday of General Ulysses S. Grant, while the representatives of the military world unite in demonstrations of honor to his memory, the remains of the great leader will be transferred from the temporary tomb in which they have reposed since the general's death, to their permanent resting-place in the new and imposing mausoleum in Riverside Park, New York, over-looking the Hudson River, as shown in the accompany- ing illustration. While all eyes are thus for the moment turned once more toward the commanding figure which must ever hold so prominent a place in American history, it is a fitting time to recall some of those utterances of the dead leader which, more than his feats of arms, re-vealed the stalwart integrity and true Americanism of his character. For this pur-pose there is perhaps nothing more suitable than his Ad-dress to the Army of the Ten-nessee, delivered at Des Moines, Iowa, in September, 1875. It is especially fitting that the American people should recall this address at this time, because of the em-phasis it puts upon thefunda-mental American principle of separation of Church and State, which is just now, through the machinations of religious combinations seek-ing political power, in the most imminent danger of en-tire subversion. Following is the address. ADDRESS TO THE ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE. COMRADES : IC always af-fords me much gratification to meet my old comrades in arms ten to fourteen years ago, and to live over again in memory the trials and hardships of those days,Šhardships imposed for the preservation and perpetua-tion of our free institutions. We believed then and believe now that we had a Govern-ment worth fighting for, and, if need be, dying for. How many of our comrades of those days paid the latter price for our preserved Union! Let their heroism and sacrifices be ever green in our memory. Let not the' results of their sacrifices be destroyed. The Union and the free institutions for which they fell should be held more dear for their sacrifices. We will not deny to any who fought against us any privileges under the Government which we claim for ourselves. On the contrary, we welcome all such who come forward in good faith to help build up the waste places and to perpetuate our institutions against all enemies, as brothers in full interest with us in a common heritage. But we are not prepared to a polo- 