16 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 21112e An2eFical2 en ir~el. OAKLAND, CAL., FEBRUARY, 1886. The "Christian Statesman" and the "American Sentinel." THE Christian Statesman, the organ of the " Religious Amendment Party," gives a very respectful notice of the AMERICAN SENTINEL, and at considerable length. It says their work has been languishing for lack of , opposition, and that " the lack is now, in part at least, to be supplied." If fair and honorable, yet vigor-ous opposition will aid their cause, we shall cer-tainly help to give it an impetus. But time will show what the SENTINEL will accomplish in that respect. If we cannot stay the popular tide, which seems to be setting so strongly in favor of a union of church and State, we shall cer-tainly succeed in saving many from giving their aid and influence to that which, we verily be-lieve, will prove a curse to our country and to the cause of Christianity. The Statesman does not speak a word against the contents or methods of the SENTINEL. We do not think it can possibly pick a flaw in any argument we used, and we hope that the future may merit the favor which the first number has so generally received. The Statesman quotes at length from our leading article, for which it has our thanks. But one thing we think was " off the base." It says, speaking of our reasons given for pub-lishing the SENTINEL, that we gave them "in a somewhat apologetic tone." Not if we know our feelings and motives. _It might as well say that Jefferson introduced the "immortal Decla-ration " with an apology; he certainly consid-ered it just to give a reason for their action. But was it an apology ? Not much. And we do not believe that any one who has read our first number thinks that we felt like apologizing or that our work needs an apology. IN contrast with the notice of the SENTINEL given by the Christian Statesman, another pa-per which prints " Christian " on its head, gives its opinion that the SENTINEL is working in the interest of the Liberal League and of infidelity. We think not. And we may at seine future time give our opinion as to what interest it is serving in its position. We leave our work with all confidence to the judgment of candid readers. RightsŁ of Infidels. HAVE infidels any rights? In the church, No ; in the State, Yes. In our next number we shall examine these propositions, and show that the union of church and State either de-stroys the rights of the infidel, or permits him to exercise them under wrong relations. In connection with this, we might further ask, Have dissenters any rights? Have minor-ities any rights? And is it our duty to under-stand these subjects, and to sacredly regard the rights of all classes? Reader, what do you think? If itŁ were left to your decision, how would you vote upon it? "Testing the Right to Observe the Seventh Day." UNDER the above head we find the following in the St. Louis Globe-Democrat, from a corre-spondent of that paper, writing from Fayette-ville, Arkansas:Š "After a lengthy session of more than three weeks, CirCuit Court has at last adjourned. Quite a full docket was disposed of, the princi- pal interest being manifested in the test case of the Seventh-day Adventists under the new Sunday law of this State. This denomination, through the labors of several of their ministers, sent here as missionaries from the Northern States, have, within the past eighteen months, succeeded in gaining quite a foothold in Arkan- sas, having a fine church edifice and strong membership at Springdale, a few miles from here, as well as churches in other parts of the State. They have been from the first appar- ently an industrious and God-fearing people, the chief difference between them and other Christian bodies being that they observe the seventh day as the Sabbath, according to the commandment. But it seems that sectionalism cannot lay down its arms even when the sacred precincts of religion are entered, so among the first things performed by the Legislature at its session last winter, less than a year after these people had come into the State, was the repeal of the clause which gave them the liberty to keep the day of their choice. This may be .a part of the 'reform' connected with the new machine; but if so, it seems to be directed by a very bigoted spirit. " As the law now stands, all parties, irre-spective of their religious belief, are compelled to observe the first day of the week as the Christian Sabbath, and under this law three in-dictments were found against members of the above denomination, one of the cases being against Elder Stoles, one of their ministers, whose case is to be made the test in the Su-preme Court as-to the constitutionality of the recent act of the Legislature. It is a little sin-gular that no one else has been troubled on account of the law, with perhaps one minor exception, while members of the above denom- ination are being arrested over the whole State. It savors just a trifle of the religious persecu-tion which characterized the Dark Ages. A minister of the gospel pleading in a court of justice, with the open Bible in his hand, for the liberty to keep God's commands is a strange sight in this country; but, according to the rulings of the court in this case, a man has no rights of conscience outside of the dictation of the law. If this be the case, and if our law-makers are to control the religious opinions of their constituents, there is no telling what we may yet see in the way of enforcing their pe-culiar creeds and dogmas. Much interest is manifested here over this matter, and a deci-sion from the higher courts is anxiously looked for." We find remarks of the same tenor of the above in the editorial columns of another secu- lar paper in Missouri. If any think there is no danger of religious persecution in this land if the power be given to professed Christians,Šif they think the days of religious bigotry and intolerance are past, and that, the courts will not carry out the desires of zealots,Šthen we ask them to tell us why it is that railroads keep  their freight houses open, with a multitude of hands employed, and almost every kind of bus-iness is freely transacted, and people openly hunt and fish on Sunday, and none are prose-cuted except those who conscientiously observe the seventh day, for which they undeniably have the letter of the commandment. These things are more than mere straws, to show what is coming They show that we are cor-rect in our expression, that the courts will be expected to carry out the popular will on relig-ious questions, without any regard to the read-ing of the Bible, or to the religious rights of the minority. We warn the American people to look to what they do. " Don't unchain the tiger." See what he has always done in past ages before you let him loose. A Christian Empire. OUR zealous reformers are anxious to have these United States legalized- into a " Christian Nation." We have read of the Roman Empire becoming Christian, and of Constantine, "the first Christian emperor." But we never read of the good that accrued to Christianity from the alliance. Willard's Universal History says:Š " Surely it was not in the spirit of Christ, who said, ' My kingdom is not of this world,' that Constantine made it the religion of the empire; and from henceforth we find its heavenly influ-ence sullied by mingling with earthly things." And so it will be in our own land, if Christian- ity shall be made the legal religion of the nation. Has the preaching of the cross become of no ef-fect that civil law is required to compel men to conform to " Christian laws, usages, and institu-tions"? Dark will be the day to liberty and Christianity when this alliance is formed. OUR COUNTRY, THE MARVEL OF NATIONS: ITS PAST, PRESENT, AND FUTURE, AND WHAT TEE SCRIPTURES SAY OF IT. BY U. SMITH. Author of "Smith's Parliamentary Rules," and Other Popular Works. This is a new and popular work on a subject of the deepest inter-est to all American citizens. It takes a brief but comprehensive view of our Government from a HISTORICAL, POLITICAL, AND RELIGIOUS STANDPOINT. It also shows that the United States is a subject of prophecy; that an outline of its history was written nearly two thousand years ago. It calls the attention of the reader to a CHAIN OF PROPHECY, Of which our Government is an important link, and shows that the location, the time of its rise, the nature of its Constitution, and its wonderful growth and subsequent influence, as well as its future atti-tude, were all clearly foreseen and pointed out by the Prophet of God, hundreds of years ago. Other great nations of the world are subjects of prophecy, and why not our own The SUNDAY QUESTION, MODERN SPIRITUALISM, AND NATIONAL REFORM are prominent among the topics ably discussed in this work. The "Marvel of Nations" Is a work of 282 pages. It contains a steel plate of the author, and over forty illustrations. It is printed in clear type and elegantly'bound. Price $1.00. The publishers of THE AMERICAN SENTINEL being desirous of secur-ing a large subscription list at once, have made arrangements with the publishers of "The Marvel of Nations " whereby they are ena-bled to furnish this interesting and popular book, together with their paper, one year, for only $1.26. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro Street, Oakland, Cal. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE MONTHLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. TERMS. SINGLE COPY, per year, - - - - - 50 cents. To foreign countries, single subscriptions, post- paid  Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro Street, Oakland, Cal. 