112 THE A_MERICAN SENTINEL. voL. 6, No. 14. NEW YORK, APRIL 2, 1891. NOTE.--,Any one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that, it is sent to him by some friend, Unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able Ade to send out no papers without pay in advance, except ky special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE Progressive Age very properly re-marks that " our schools should be so conducted that a child would never be reminded- that he was a Protestant or Catholic, Jew or Christian, Unitarian or Trinitarian." ti THE Central Presbyterian says :Š The- truth is, there seems to be a craze in certain quarters for human machinery within the Church. There seems to be a want of confidence in the effi-cacy of the agencies and means which our Lord has instituted. It is a subtle form of unbelief creeping into the Church. And in nothing is this unbelief more plainly manifested than in the demand for civil-law props for the tottering faith of the multitude. Ł THE Loyal American complains that " the Governor of Minnesota has appointed priest 'Ireland, a Roman bishop, chaplain of the State militia." Well, what of it ? If chaplains are appointed by State au-thority why should Roman Catholics be excluded ? Of course, the proper thing to do would be to abolish all such relics of a union of Church and State; but is the Loyal American ready to take that posi-tion ? REV. WAYLAND HOYT, D. D., says in the Baptist Examiner, of March 26 :Š The State has no right to compel religious teach-ing, as such. But the State has a right to compel, for its own weal, similar speech, and so homo-geneity of feeling and of interest among its citizens. ThiS.is simply an attempt to justify the State in doing that which it clearly has no right to do, namely, to meddle in religious matters. The State has no right to com-pel religious instruction, as- such nor as anything else. The State has a right to insist That public business shall be con-ducted, in the language of the State, and to this end that those who are to carry on that business for the State shall be familiar with that language, but by no possibility can a justification be wrung from this fact for the teaching of religion by thaState, or for the teaching of religion as something else than that which it really is. Ł CLOSELY akin to this idea that for the sake of-homogeneity the State may prop-erly teach religion as something that it is  not, is the theory of the " civil Sabbath." Those who admit, because they must, that the State can not enforce the keeping of the religious Sabbath, turn right around and say, " But the State can enforce the keeping of the civil Sabbath." Upon examination, however, the two are found to be iden-tical in everything except in the sacred regard for the day which resides in some hearts, while it is absent from others. The "civil Sabbath " is simply a fraud, a pre-tense; it is simply a religious day mas-querading in secular garments for the sake of civil support which it could get in no other way. How long will it be before somebody will be explaining that the State has no right to compel bap-tism, as such, but for hygienic reasons it might properly require the wholesale im-mersion of the people ? Great possibilities are bound up in Dr. Hoyt's suggestion that "the State has no right to compel the teaching of religion, as such." IT is stated that " the severity of the anti-Jewish penal laws, in Russia, has been redoubled in vigor, and, in view of these persecutions, about one hundred thousand of the poorest 'classes of Jews have embraced Russian orthodoxy." This should greatly encourage our National Reform friends for it disproves (?) the assertion that people can not be made religious by law. These Jews are, it seems, even made Christian (?) by law. Truly, great are the possibilities of Na-tional Reform; and the influence of Chris-tian (?) rulers such as the Czar, like the old college professor's momentum, is " simply prodigious "Š when backed up by genuine National Reform laws. THE pastor of a Presbyterian Church, in this State, writes :Š I believe that the State, as such, according to our Constitution, must be neutral as to religion; that religious education must be assumed by the Church ; and that much of what is said by church writers on the question of religion and the public school is pure prejudice, and will not stand-  candid examina-tion. I will add that I believe the real trouble with Protestant churches is their abominable Inertia, laziness let us at once say ; and that we have come to find it easy to shout, Keep the Bible in the public schools! rather than bestir ourselves and give the children of our parishes real religious,  instruction. This is doubtless the real sentiment of many not only in the Presbyterian, but in all Protestant churches. Not all, however, have the courage to say what they think on the subject. THE Christian Statesman declares that the combination of the church members in support of pending and practical meas-ures of reform, ,is the duty of the hour ; accordingly, it advocates an outward, or rather pretended unity amongst -the churches, and says :Š Convictions in favor of some form of practical unity among the followers of Christ are deepening and widening every year. The spirit of union has  reached every branch of the Church of Christ, even the most exclusive and the most conservative. It is not the union of particular churches, for the pur-pose of strengthening kindred denominational inter ests, but a union of all the churches of Christ, for the discharge of their common and joint responsi-bility toward the Nation and the world, which en-gages the attention of the most open and thoughtful minds. Yes, this is the same kind of unity-they had in the fourth century, and then po-litical church leaders palmed it off upon Constantine as though it were real. By this means they succeeded in getting the control of the civil power; but just as soon as political and financial benefits became a certainty, the blessed unity which had been extolled, was dissipated, and neither the State nor the Church ever afterward knew peace. Such unity as is proposed by the Statesman can never prove anything else than a curse to the Nation. THE Christian Instructor is a religious paper of the Simon Pure National Reform stripe; consequently, it was very much of-fended when the President's Thanksgiving proclamation, last fall, did not have the name of Christ in it; and it indignantly inquires, " Has not the time come when the churches should unite in issuing a proclamation of their own in which their Lord should be recognized ?" Well, if the time has not come yet, we should think it high time the churches were finding it out. It is a queer thing, indeed, if the churches can not give a thanksgiving to their Lord, or even issue a proclamation in which their Lord shall be recognized. It is singular, indeed, that the churches must depend on a ci-vilian officer to appoint for them days of thanksgiving. It is bad enough if the churches can not give thanks to their Lord, without having the President of the United States turn himself into a national high priestŠPontifex MaximusŠand ap-point a day, 'and tell how to give thanks. " AMONG the Northern Icebergs," is one of the very best numbers of the " Young ,People's Library" yet issued. The book is a brief history of the principal English, and American Arctic explorations of the present century, and is intensely interest-ing. It is the best brief work on this subject that we have ever read. Price, in cloth, 50 cents ; in paper, 25 cents. Pacific Press, New York, and Oakland, California: - THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL— DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the - United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religions tests, and. the Mainte- nance of human rights. both civil and religious, IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1.00 In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, - - Ł - - 90c. in clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, Ingle subscription, post-paid, - Ss. Address, AMERICAN SAINTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York. 