NOVEMBER 14, 1895. .A.101111ELIC.A.W 359 THE Catholic Review, of the 26th ult., has an editorial on " Persecution not an Unmixed Evil," in which it says: " There are strong indications at the present time that the prov-idence of God is providing, or at least is about to permit, a severe persecution of the church in this country." The Review need not be alarmed; the only "persecution" the Roman Catholic Church will suffer in this country will be having the truth told about her his-tory, doctrines and practices. True, some might desire to go further, and foolish things may be said in the future as they have in the past, but Rome is too large a factor in politics to suffer in this country except from free speech and free press. THE Western Watchman (Roman Catholic) says: " We are a stout upholder of the Cath-olic Sunday, as contradistinguished from the Puritan and Continental Sunday; but we do not ask the State to help enforce it. If they close the saloons in the forenoon we will do the rest." That is to say, if the State will close the saloons at the hour of worship in Catholic churches Rome will ask no more. But if the State does that for the Roman Catholic Church why not go further and do all that is demanded by united " Protestant- ism" The only consistent and safe course for the State is neither to make nor maintain any law regarding Sunday based in any way upon its supposed sacred character. " RECENTLY Father Thomas E. Sherman, son of the illustrious general,' lectured be-fore a very large audience in this city on Americanism and Catholicism,' " says the Christian Leader, of Cincinnati. The Leader continues: " Ile says, In theory I hold that Church and State should be united.' But he is very careful to put in a caveat by adding that the theory of a union of Church and State could never be carried out in America.' But we assure him that that is not the fault of the Roman hierarchy, but of a free and independent republic, for Rome, boasting that she is always the same ( scraper eadem ), is only watching her chance to bind her mys-tical ecclesiastical yoke upon the ignorant, unsuspecting masses of the Republic of Amer-ica." CERTAIN " Protestants " were mightily pleased sometime since when certain papal prelates declared in favor of teaching the Protestant religion in the public schools rather than no religion. It seems they laughed too soon; the Western Watchman, in its issue of October 24, says:Š When Bishop Keane went over the country a few years ago advocating Protestant teaching in the public schools where the people submitted to it, and Catholic teaching where the people desired it, we pronounced the scheme silly and almost heretical. The holy father [the pope] has just knocked in the head the neo-pelagianism that teaches that Protestantism is better than no religion. Those " Protestants" who imagine that the gulf between Romanism and Protestantism is growing less wide because of Rome's yielding anything should remember that " Rome never changes." The drift is altogether on the part of Protestants, and it is decidedly Romeward. " THE SHEPHERD KING " Is the title of a new book of thrilling interest for the little folks on the life of David. It is just the thing for a birthday or holiday pres-ent. The story is told in 88 pages inclosed in a beautifully illuminated cover. The il-lustrations, 36 in number, are exceptionably fine, many of which are full page. The size of the book is 8x10 inches, and will be sent to any address, postpaid, for 50 cents. "STORIES FROM THE ACTS OF THE APOSTLES " Is another book just issued that we have se-cured to offer during the holidays to those of our friends who are looking for something new for the children. The subjects treated, as indicated by the title of the book, are made doubly interesting to all the children by the simple and beautiful language used in its composition. The 43 large illustrations add much to its attractiveness. It is a companion volume to "The Shepherd King," noticed above, being of the same size and style of binding. Price, postpaid, 50 cents. Address: Pacific Press Publishing Co., 43 Bond St., New York City. AM SURPRISED," Says Prof. E. A. Shell Presi-dent of the New Y rk State Normal School, Oswego, "that so much that is valc.,bl for one to know is brought into so small a compass, and sold for so small a price." Yes, The NEW WEBSTER DICTIONARY and COMPLETE VEST-POCKET LIBRARY is full of happy surprises. It successfully combines in one small volume of vest-pocket size, — A Dictionary of 45,800 words, A Complete Parliamentary Manual, (Based on Roberts' and Cushing's) A Literary Guide, etc. THE VEST-POCKET OR THE WRITING DESK.- Simple, - Handy, - - Reliable. Just what everybody needs for every-day use. DO NOT DELAY TO ORDER. Sent post-paid as follows._ FINE SILK CLOTH, Red edges, - 25 cents, MOROCCO. Gold edges, - - - 5.0 cents. EXTRA MOROCCO, With Perpetual Mem- orandum, Three - Years Calendar. Stamp Holder, etc.. - 60 cents. All three styles are indexed. ŠADDRESSŠ PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO, 43 Bond St., New York City. Oakland, Cal. Kansas City, Mo. Large Type 13 I 13 L, t- For Those with Poor Eyesight We have many inquiries for a Bible of con-venient size to use and carry, and with large clear print. The Bible, specimen type of which is shown below, we think will meet the require-ments of the case. (Specimen of type shows only one column of the Bible. It is a two-column book like most Bibles, the full size of page being SIZ  x 8 in.) Persons desiring such a Bible as The burnt offering EXOD 32 And Aaron and his sons shall eat the flesh of the ram, and the bread that is in the basket, by the door of the tabernacle of the con-gregation. 33 And they shall eat those things wherewith the atonement Specimen of Small Pica Type in Bible No. 1730. this are usually elderly persons, andwant simply the Scriptures themselves, without helps or refer-ences. This Bible contains a Family Register, Tables of Weights and Measures, and 16 excel-lent Maps, but has no references or other addi-tional matter. It is printed from clear, new, small pica type, and is bound in French Morocco, limp round corners and has gilt edges. Sent postpaid on receipt of price. Order by number. PRICE No. 1730. French Morocco, Limp Covers, Round Cor-ners, Side and Back Title in Gold, Gilt Edges, Postpaid, $2.00. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO. 43 Bond St., New York. Oakland, Cal. Kansas City, Mo. SAFETY PENCIL POCKET. NEAT, CHEAP, SERVICEABLE. It perfectly secures pen or pencil in the pocket, so that it can not fall out when stooping. Can be easily and safe); attached to any part of the clothing. A small investment will prevent the loss of a valuable pen or pencil. PRIORS. No. 1. Russia leather, for 2 pens 10c. No. 2. " 3 Cl 15c. No. 3. Sealskin, 2  ,, 15c. No. 4. ,, 3  ,, 25c. No. 5. Russia leather, for 4. " 25c. No. 6. Sealskin, 4 " 40c. Sent by mail on receipt of price. We guarantee these pockets superior in every particular to sim-ilar styles formerly sold and still offered at much higher prices. FACTS : FOR : THE : TIMES, -CONTAINING Historical Extracts, Candid Admissions from Authors, ancient and modern, on the live questions of the present hour, political and religious. A BOOK FOB THE TIMES. A compilation of facts that are astounding, by Students of Biblical and Historical Research. 340 pages. Wine-colored cloth binding. PR ICE. Post-paid. - - - 75 cents. PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Bond Street, New York City. Oaklan Cal. Kansas City, Mo CHOICE APPLES AND POTATOES In Barrel or Car-load Lots . . . AT REASONABLE FIGURES. CHESTNUTS AND MAPLE SYRUP Address, F. W. BARTLE, Norwich, N. Y. Wholesaler of Fruits and Health Foods. CYCLONE WASHER! The Champion ofrAl'Maehines.  It washes in the most satisfactory manner the clothes of farmers, machinists, engineers, and bricklayers, cleaning the dirty collars and cuffs without rubbing. The work is effected by the compressed air forcing the water through the fabric, and therefore without wear to the mate-rial washed. The washing done cleaner, quicker, better, and in half the time. No tired feeling. A child of ten can operate it. Satisfaction guaranteed. A gents Wanted in every county. For particulars and circulars address, COON BROS., 131-131 So. Washington St., Battle Creek, Mich. 