294 AMERICAN SENTINEL. with the sword, than it would be if a Turk did the same thing. THE GOSPEL IS FOR ALL. In prophetic vision the Apostle John saw "a great multitude, which no man could number, of all nations, and kindreds, and people and tongues," standing before the throne of God, clothed with white robes, and bearing palms of victory over sin and Satan. Rev. 7:9. That is positive evidence that there will be Turks in heaven. Yet one would not gather from reading the religious press, that there was any possibility of salvation for a Turk. It may be said that the Turks are bitterly preju-diced against Christianity. That is true, and who could expect it to be otherwise? Christianity is to them em-bodied in the boasted "Christian nations" of Europe, and few of these have ever done anything to recommend the name. But that is not all. Those religious bodies, professing to be Christian, of which the Turks have most knowledge, are the Greek and Armenian churches, and in one important particular the Mohammedan has good reason to believe that his religion is superior to theirs ; for he sees the members of those bodies bowing down to and adoring images and pictures, whilethe Mohammedan abominates the worship of idols. But even this is not the worst. From the time of the crusades, professed 'Christians as a rule have regarded the Turks with lofty oontempt, as beings to be execrated and driven off; now, all Christendom is ringing with unchristian cries for ven-geance upon the Turks, and even their utter extermina-tion. Can it be wondered at that the Turks are not drawn towards Christianity, or that they are suspicious of foreigners? But when the just Judge of all the earth punishes the Turks for their misdeeds, who dare say that none of their blood will be upon the garments of those who bear the name of Christian? We appeal to individ-ual Christians to clear themselves, by being Christlike in their words and acts, from all responsibility for Turkish indifference to Christianity. THE GREAT DECEPTION. There is a cause for this present cry against the Turks. That it is not caused by the spirit of Christ, needs no argument. What spirit it is that is even now work-ing, may be seen by remembering what it is desired to -do with the Turks. The least thing that is demanded, is that they be driven from Europe. Such atrocities, it is .said, ought not to be allowed on European soil. But will they be any better on Asiatic soil?ŠCertainly not. Then what would necessarily be the next step after driv-ing them from EuropeŠmanifestly, to drive them from Asia, that is, from the earth, so far at least as their ex-istence as a nation is concerned. This is even now de-manded. Their overthrow will be the last act in the scheme to place the world under the dominion of the so--called Christian powers, thus to fulfil the dreams of a temporal millennium, in which so many have indulged. But each one of these "Christian Powers" will wish to have the supremacy, and so the armies of all will be as- sembled in Palestine, the center of the Sultan's Asiatic dominion,Šwhen the last struggle takes place. That gathering is thus described in prophecy:Š "And I saw three unclean spirits like frogs come out of the mouth of the dragon, and out of the mouth of the beast, and out of the mouth of the false prophet, for they are the spirits of devils working miracles, which go forth unto the kings of the earth and of the whole world, to gather them to the battle of that great day of God Almighty. . . . And he [they] gathered them together into a place called in the Hebrew tongue Armageddon." Rev. 16 :13-16. Here we are plainly told what spirit brings the kings of the earth together at that place. The deception we see working even now; for that Christendom is being deceived is painfully evident. If men were not already grossly deceived, how could they in the name of Christ counsel war? How could they so misrepresent true Chris-tianity before the world as to claim that the blood even of martyrs demands revenge by the sword? Is it not a terrible deception that is even now closing in upon the world? What an awful thought, that every man, be he minister of the gospel or not, who is upbraiding the Pow-ers for not coercing the Turks, is simply an unconscious agent of Satan to gather the kings of earth to that great battle which is to result in the ruin of all. God grant that many who have thoughtlessly been led away by popular clamor, may recover themselves from the snare of the devil before it is too late, and show to the world, including the Turks, that Christianity means to be like Christ. We have full faith that this prayer will be an-swered. The Glories of Peace. THE following words from a recent sermon by the Rev. Dr. Hillis, of Chicago, are peculiarly appropriate at a time when the spirit of war is spreading death and des-olation, and arraying the "Christian" powers of earth against each other, as is seen to-day:-- "The disciples experienced the horrors of the dungeon, the thumb-screw and the fagot. Becoming fiendish in cruelty, Nero clothed the Christians in garments dipped in pitch and tar, and used their blazing forms for light-ing up his garden party. Outraged and threatened with extermination, the disciples bethought themselves of swords and shields. "How could they live in peace with their destroyers? Instinct whispered, `Defend thyself!' Self-interest said: `Meet storm with storm, and stroke with stroke.' But in the moment when persecution was fiercest, Paul urged non-resistance. He bade the disciples meet the spy with pity, meet the jailer with gentleness, meet the executioner with forgiveness, thus heaping coals of fire upon the head of each enemy. "In that hour the persecutor made sharp his sword, and Nero starved his lions to-day, that to-morrow the beasts might be the fiercer for human blood. When all was ready the murderers leaped upon the unresisting dis-ciples. Then, indeed, did Christ's disciples go forth as 