280 AMERICAN SNTINEI..4. News, Notes, and Comment. THE progress of civilization in Europe, under the aus-pices of State religions, has been for many years accom-panied by a steady increase in the size of armies and navies. These vast and costly organizations are main-tained for the benefit of those who rule "by the Grace of God." Their business is to see that the people of each nation are not deprived of the inestimable blessing of rulers thus commissionedŠto save the people from them-selves, in case they should, at any time, become so de-mented as to imagine that they would be better off if they dispensed with the peculiar manifestation of divine bene-ficence called a "king" or " emperor ;" to extend the particular "grace of God" which is represented by the banner of each nation over the people of another nation through force and violence, whenever the opportunity is afforded; and to prevent a similar extension of every "grace of God," which is symbolized by another battle-flag. * AND this is all very well for Europe. Every country over there knows that it is right in whatever it does, and when a nation or a man knows what the right is, unques-tionably the proper thing is to go ahead and do it. The way they find out what is right for a government to do is to consult the priesthood of the established church. Each nation has a State church of its own, and infallibil-ity is one of the attributes inherent and necessary in a State Church. If the authorities feel uncertain as to the propriety of invading a neighbor's territory, murdering the inhabitants, and extending their boundary lines by stealing land, the State church is always on hand to dis-sipate their doubts. When she blesses the standards, and gives thanks for every massacre by her disciples, all is, of necessity, well and nobly done. And the other fel_ low has at hand the same wise and gracious counselor in his State church, so that he, too, knows exactly whether he is on the right side or the wrong one. Thus, war be-comes a "holy" thing, is invested with the same spiritual charm that made the Crusaders so enjoy those little tus_ sles in Palestine, and filled the Saracens with pious delight as they cut the throats of the invaders. BUT the United States has no such guide, philosopher and friend as a national church. Hence, war seems to be, except as a defensive proceeding, altogether out of our line. It is admitted that setting out to rob and kill our fellow-man is a serious business, that the, presump tion is against the morality of the transaction, and that one ought to be very sure of its sanction by the highest authority, before embarking in any such enterprise. Now this assurance can never be ours, because, as stated, there is no national church to tell us as a nation that it is the will of Deity we should "move upon the works',  of another State with fire and sword. Aggressive wars we are not equipped for; they form no part of our "mis-sion;" if we had a million men and a thousand ships, we could never be certain that we were right in using them against others. The blessed certainty that rapine and murder will find favor in the eyes of the God of love can only be ours after we have complied with the wishes of those who clamor for Federal "recognition" of reli gion. * * I AM led into this train of thought by reading some items about the United States Navy. The writer con- gratulates himself on the fact that, at the Grant mauso-leum ceremonies "we may have one ship of over 10,004tons, possibly a second of over 9,000, a third of over 8,000, a fourth of over 7,000, and three others of over 6,000;" and he goes on to enumerate the vast number of "iron-clads," and "cruisers," and "torpedo boats," and all the rest of that ilk which we either possess al-ready, or will possess as soon as the taxpayers' money can be squandered upon them. And he congratulates the citizens of this, our "Christian country," on the state of things which he so exultingly depicts. THE twenty, more or less, of devices for facilitating the taking of human life and the destruction of property which made up "the new United States Navy" are eye-sores on the ocean. Whether as formidable or not, in the aggregate, as any navy of the "great powers," they can-not possibly be surpassed by the work of mere mortals for intense and complete repulsiveness of appearance. If for no other reason, because they are shocking to every one who cares to look on beautiful things, such as the white-winged sailors of the sea, they ought to be blown up, unless there are the strongest possible reasons of utilitarianism Łfor keeping them afloat; and no more like them should ever be built. But, as a matter of fact, there is every practical reason for doing away with all such monsters forever. * * * THERE is probably no more utterly useless thing in existence than this United States Navy. It is even worse than useless. It is a source of great and permanent dan-ger to this country and all of its truest interests. It brings us into constant contact with foreign nations under circumstances which could not be better calculated to bring on "a row" if they were expressly arranged for that purpose. Idle men are sent on long voyages around the worid, having about them a sort of order of national sanctity, full of a silly sense of personal dignity utterly unwarranted as a rule by airy special excellence of per-sonal character, offensive in their conventional bearing, fondly fancying all slights or insults offered to their Lilli-putian magnificence to be an affront against the majesty of a great country; and the miracle is, not that every 