162 AMERICAN SENTINEL. In the first place, we think there is ample evidence that, in most cases, the flag salute is designed rather to foster militarism than patriotism. That the spirit of militarism is creeping into the public schools, cannot be denied. The "Boys' Brigades" which are now so much "in evidence," marching through the streets equipped with all the accouterments of war, demonstrate this. The spirit that glorifies war is the spirit of militarism. But militarism is not patriotism. Militarism means despotism, patriotismŠin this country at leastŠstands for the opposite of despotism. Militarism is the curse of Europe.. And if it is ever set up here, it will be the curse of America. We do not want it, and no true patriot will encourage it. And in the second place, there is no evidence that the flag salute is an incentive to patriotism. The salute is but a form, and you cannot get the spirit out of the form. A person can go to church, and sing, and pray, and talk; but this will not give him piety. These forms are but the means by which his religious fervor finds ex-pression. In themselves they are useless. And just so as regards patriotism. If the individual has patriotism, saluting the flag may be a suitable means of expressing It. But unless he already has it, the salute is meaning-less, like any other mere form. Patriotism is a spirit, and not a form. We do not believe any person can be truly patriotic without being upright, honest, courageous,Šin short, endowed with the virtues of manliness. Any person en-dowed with these virtues will be patriotic naturally. And we do not believe the country wants any "patriots" of a different stamp. The burden of proof is upon those who have intro-duced the flag salute, to show that it is an agency of good and properly belongs where they have put it. The SENTINEL does not stand alone in opposition to this innovation. Whether it has the approval of the press generally or not, we do not know. But we do know that in at least one instance the secular press has con-demned it. On this point we quote the words of the New York Journal, of January 24, with reference to the salute proposed for the schools of this State, which is as unob-jectionable as any that we have seen. After stating the salute in detail, the Journal says:Š "This seems to be another exampleŠthey are already innumerableŠof the unfortunate tendency of well mean-ing persons to mistake flag idolatry for patriotism. It were better to teach frankly to the boy that the flag is now what his fathers made it, and will be what he and his'fellows make it; that it waved over slavery until his fathers purged it of that stain; that it waves now over political corruption, judicial injustice, and industrial dis-tress, and will continue to spread its folds over these evils unless he and his fellows with stout hearts, pure minds, and honest purpose toil in their youth and in their age to sweep away the abominations which have grown up under our flag as under others. "There is a wide difference between flag patriotism and true patriotism. The latter includes reverence for the flag; the former is apt to include nothing else." Another Raid on the National Treasury; THE Old readers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL will well remember the campaign we made in 18'90' and onward on the looting of the national treasury by the churches under cover of Indian schools. We gave from the public records the history of that raid from its inception. Those records show that the scheme was invented by the Catholics, who. by easy persuasion and open invitation were joined by about fourteen professed Protestant denominations. These professed Protestant denominations soon found that they were being used by the Catholic organization as cats-pawsŠthat by means of them the Catholic organiza-tion was getting money from the public treasury, which without them she never could have got at all. They found too that the Catholic Church, which first got nearly as much as all of them put together, soon was getting twice as much*  as all of them. together, and soon again was getting a greater proportion than that. Then the "Protestant" churches began to turn Protestant; quit receiving public money, and protested vigorously against. that "raid on the public treasury" which they with Rome had been engaged in for years. This protest, however late, accomplished much. Though it took years to accomplish it, that "raid on the treasury was finally stopped : after millions of dollars. had been taken from the national treasury by these churches and devoted to their own church work in their own church schools. It was a direct support of churches by the national government. By taking the money of all the people and appropriating it to these churches, the United States Government was but compelling people to make contributions of money for the propagation of opinions which they do not believe, which:our fathers de-clared to be "sinful and tyrannical." In view of the foregoing sketch of some!recent history the following from the Northwestern Christian Advocate, of February 23, 1898, is intensely suggestive and well worthy the most thoughtful consideration:Š "Some Methodist Episcopal names which are precious in all branches of Methodism are on record as favoring the pending congressional claim of the Southern Method-ist Church for damages. A prominent and eminent min-ister of the sotithern church, in a dinner-table speech to the Cincinnati Methodist Social union, which latter re-cently gave a reception to the Book Committee, said that he returned thanks for several things, among others `for the fact, he would call it a civil fact, that the bishops of the Methodist Episcopal Church had generously given their approval to the claim of the Southern Methodist Church, without which my church probably would not have received a much-needed appropriation' from Con-gress. We quote these words as substantially verbatim, for they express just that which thefspeaker said. That speech made our episcopal indorsement a public fact, and we therefore ask no pardon for:alluding to it, nor do we waste time to say that our:allusion is entirely re-spectful. "We regret that our bishops have indorsed the claim, for the reason that it is excessive at a time when there is 