98 AMERICAN SENTINIEL., does not stop here. The Sabbath of the Lord, the sev-enth day, is a sign, it bears about itself that which is suggestive, of all that Christ is to those who believe in Him. When He had created the worlds, then "He rested the seventh day." "The seventh day is the rest of the Lord thy God." And to every person in the world He says, "Come unto me, all ye that, labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest." "My presence shall go with thee, and I will give thee rest." "He is thy rest." Thus the seventh day is the sign of the rest that the believer finds in Christ, as the consequence of the creative act, just as certainly as it is the sign of the creative act itself. The two things are inseparable, therefore the sign of the two things'is the same thing. "It is a sign between me and you, that ye may know that I am the Lord your God," thy Creator and thy rest. Yet not only did He rest the seventh day as the con-sequence of the creative act, but "He blessed the seventh day." The blessing of the Lord is upon the seventh day. The word says so. In this also it is a sign of what Christ is to the person who believes in Him; For it is written: "God having raisekl up His Son, Jesus, sent him to bless you, in turning away every one of you from his iniqui-ties." And "He hath blessed us with all spiritual bless-ings in heavenly things in Christ." He hallowed the.seventh day also: He made it holy. And so He calls it "my holy day," and calls upon all people to remember it "to keep it holy." In this also the seventh day is a sign of what Chiist the Lord is to the believer in Him. For He says, "Thou art an holy people unto the Lord thy God." And it is His presence with the believer that alone can make him holy. It was His presence at the burning bush that made that place holy. So it is alone His presence with the believer that makes him holy. It was His presence that made the sev-enth day holy; it is His presence that makes the believer holy; and the seventh day is the sign of His presence which, makes holy the place where it dwells, whether it be the heart of the believer now, or the Sabbath day at the close of creation week. And He sanctified the seventh day. In this also the seventh day is a sign of what He is to the believer. For the believer is "sanctified by faith that is in Jesus." And "I anAhe Lord that doth sanctify you." And these two things He himself puts together in such a way that there is no escaping "I gave them my Sabbaths to be a sign between me and them, that they might know that I am the Lord that doth sanctify Łthem." Thus the Lord has connected with the seventh day the suggestion of all that He is to those who believe in Him. He has done this, in order that the believer, by the observance of the Sabbath, may ever be growing in the knowledge of the Creator, the Lord and Saviour. To understand these suggestions, to see in the Sabbath the reflection of- Jesus Christ, to receive these spiritual impressionsŠthis, and this alone, is Sabbath observ-ance. The seventh day, then, having been established by the Lord, and plainly declared over and over in His writ-ten word, to be the sign of Himself, the sign of what He is in all things to mankind, the sign by which men may know that He is the Lord GodŠand that He is what He is, bearing always the suggestion -of what He is to every one that believethŠwhat an enormous fraud has been committed'in setting it aside and exalting Sunday in its place! Sunday is not, and cannot be, in any sense a sign of the Lord, nor of anything in connection with Him. He did not rest on the first day; He did not bless the first day; He did not make holy the first day; He did not sanctify the first day.ŠThere is therefore absolutely nothing about the Sunday that is suggestive of what the Lord is to the believer in Him nor to anybody else. It lacks everything that could possibly make it such a sign It is therefore the most gigantic fraud and imposture that has ever appeared in the world. And when the churches that have committed and fos-tered this fraud and imposture, dragged the Congress of the United States into the support of it, and of them in it, there was committed the greatest piece of govern-mental sacrilege since the night of Belshazzar's feast. So far as it would be possible to /do such a thing, the sign which God himself establishedŠthe day on which He rested, which He blessed, hallowed, and sanctifiedŠwas deliberately set aside, and an absolute fraud and impos-ture was erected in its place. And now the same ecclesi-astics that dragged Congress into the doing of that sac-rilege, are working with might and main to get Congress to enact a law compelling people to wear this fraudulent thing, instead of leaving them free *ith the Lord to wear His own established sign, upon their own free choice. How could impiety go further? A Sunday Dilemma. JUDGE RITCHIE, of Ohio, in opening the Court of Com-mon Pleas, of Putnam County, in that State, recently, charged the grand jury that they "should disabuse their minds of the idea that Sunday has any connection with the Christian Sabbath." He proceeded to show that " Sunday was first adopted . by Constantine, A. D. 321," who "took it from paganism rather than from Chris-tianity ; " and declared that Sunday observance is but a police regulation, and not a matter of moral obligation at all. This moved a believer in Sunday sacredness, who heard,the judge's charge, to reply at length to the same in the local paper, endeavoring to refute the idea that Sunday is not a sacred day. The judge doubtless delivered his charge with a view to the enforcement of the Sunday law, believing that the law could not be enforced if construed as applying to a sacred institution. To put it on an enforceable basis in the minds of the grand jury and of the people, he felt 