"Equal and Exact Justice to all Men, of Whatever state or Persuasion, Feligious or Political." VOLUME S. NEW YORK: JULY 27, 1893. NUMBER 30. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. EDITOR, - - - - ALONZO T. JONES. CALVIN P. BOLLMAN. 111 ASSOCIATE EDITORS, WILLIAM H. MC BEE. WHAT Is Protestantism ? THIS is a question of living interest and vital importance just now, to the people of the United States. WHEN the point has been reached where professed Protestants call upon Congress and courts to decide religious controver-sies for them, and to enact laws enforcing their church dogmas, and where they in-sist upon calling out the troops to enforce upon the people at the point of the bayonet the recognition and observance of reli-gious observances, then it is time, and it is proper too, to inquire, Is this Protest-antism ? AT the second Diet of Spires, held in 1529, there was presented the Protest, which originated, and gave to those who made it, the title and name of Protestants. And in summarizing this protest the his-torian states its principles as follows:Š The principles contained in the celebrated pro test of the 19th of April, 1529, constitute the very essence of Protestantism. Now this protest op-poses two abuses of man in matters of faith; the first is the intrusion of the civil magistrate; and the second the arbitrary authority of the Church. Instead of these abuses, Protestantism sets the power of conscience above the magistrate, and the authority of the Word of God above the visible Church. In the first place, it rejects the civil power in divine things, and says with the prophets and apostles, We must obey God, rather than man. In the presence of the crown of Charles the Fifth, it uplifts the crown of Jesus Christ. ŠD'Aubigne, Hist. Ref. Book XIII, Chap. VI. Page 521. The Sunday managers claim that Sun-day is the Christian Sabbath, that it is the great charter of their religion, that it is indeed the very citadel of their faith. And they claim to be Protestants. Now did they oppose the intrusion of the civil 'magistrate into this great question of their religion ? No, indeed. Everybody knows that so far were they from opposing any intrusion of the civil magistrate that they actually and by threat required the civil  authority to intrude upon the discussion and decision of the question and the enact-ment of a law requiring its observance; and also required the courts to intrude themselves into it when the act of Congress was called in question; and further called upon the executive to further intrude the civil authority by force of arms. All this they have done before the eyes of all the people. Now as it is the very essence of Protest-antism to oppose the intrusion of the civil magistrate in religious things; and as they did not oppose this, it plainly follows that they are not Protestants, and that their movement and work is not Protest-antism. As it is the very essence of Prot-estantism to oppose the intrusion of the civil magistrate in things religious; and as the people engaged in the Sunday move-ment, professing to be Protestants, not only did not oppose it, but actually re-quired the whole magisterial power of the United States Government under threats to intrude there; it follows that the people who engaged in this Sunday-law move-ment are not Protestants at all, and that neither their movement nor their work is Protestantism in any sense. SECONDLY, it is the essence of Protest-antism to oppose " the arbitrary authority of the Church." Now, for Sunday observance in any way there is no authority but the arbi-trary authority of the Church. The Sun-day managers not only know this, but they openly say it. The American Sab-bath Union itself in one of its own official publications, in answer to a call for a ci-tation to a command of God for Sunday observance, plainly says : " We admit there is no such command." The Wo-men's Christian Temperance Union, also in one of its own publications, inquiring about the change of day from the seventh to the first, says that Christ " did not command it." There are other such state-ments alsoŠtoo many to cite here. Well then, as they know that there is no com-mand of God for Sunday observance; and as the Church power only is that which requires its observance ; this is proof in itself that the only authority for it is the arbitrary authority of the Church. YET more than this. Even though Chri,t had commanded it, for the Church to require, and enforce upon men its ob-servance by lawŠthis would be nothing else than to assert the arbitrary authority of the Church. Because, Christ himself has said, " If any man hear my words and believe not, I judge [condemn] him not." As therefore Christ leaves every man free to observe his words or not, for the Church to compel any man to do it, is to put herself above Christ and do what he does not do. And this, in itself, is only to assert the arbitrary authority of the Church. So that whether there be a command of God for Sunday observance or not, in this matter the result is the same; to do as the professed Protestant churches of the United States have done and are doing, in requiring Sunday ob-servance of all by law, is nothing else than to assert the rightfulness of the arbitrary authority of the Church. BUT it is the essence of Protestantism to oppose the arbitrary authority of the Church. Therefore, as the professed Protestants of the United States have not opposed the arbitrary authority of the Church in this matter of Sunday observ-ance, it plainly follows that they are not Protestants. And as it is the essence of Protestantism to oppose the arbitrary au-thority of the Church, and as these pro-fessed Protestants, not only did not op-pose it, but actually asserted it and still maintain it, it unmistakably follows that they are not Protestants at all; and that neither their movement nor their work is Protestantism in any sense. THIS proves that to oppose the Sunday movement in all its parts, to oppose Sun-day laws in any and all their phases, to oppose and deny the right of congresses, or courts, or executives, to touch the ques-tion of Sunday observance, or any other religious question in any way, and to re-ject entirely the authority of any such action when it is assertedŠthis and this only is Protestantism. Even admitting that Sunday were the Sabbath, those who observe it can be Protestants only by op-posing all intrusion of the magistrate into the question; by opposing all attempt of the Church to require its recognition or 