THT AMERICAN SENTINEL. 259 of what Christ in all his completeness is to those who believe in him; so when Christ in all his completeness is formed and found in us, there will stand the Sab-bath as the witness, the sign, the seal of the blessed consummation. And so this threefold message, reveal-ing in its fullness the mystery of God, which is Christ in men, the hope of glory, thus puts upon the people of God the seal of the living God, and saves them from the evil and the ruin of the mystery of iniquity, the beast and his image, his mark, and the number of his name. (Continued next week.) Hands Off/ IN discussing the action of the Senate on the question of closing the World's Fair on Sunday the Nebraska State Jour-nal says :Š Senator Manderson offered an amendment that is sensible and to the point. It was that all those sections of the Fair that involved machinery and labor, be closed on Sunday, leaving it optional with the managers to open the art galleries on that day if they so decide. There appears to be no rea-son why people should not be permitted to look at a painting or a piece of sculpture on Sunday, that would not also forbid them listening to a choir and an organ. It is no more a sin, per se, to look upon a collection of curiosities from the four points of the compass on that day than in admiring a beauti-ful landscape that nature has spread out before us in infinite variety, and opened on Sunday. In short, while Sunday should be made a day of rest for all those who can be spared from necessary labor, it is rather foolish and obsolete to attempt to make it a day of apenance to those who have the opportunity of resting. The amendment offered by Senator Manderson was no more sensible than was the original proposition to close the whole Fair. If it is a matter over which Con-gress has jurisdiction, and a question upon which it is proper to legislate, there is no use in stopping with half way meas-ures. Congress is asked to provide that the Fair shall be closed because of the claim that Sunday is the Sabbath. Now if that were true, and if it were a matter of which Congress could properly take cognizance, that body would have no right to make any compromise. G.od has laid down the law of the Sabbath and Congress has no right to abate one jot or tittle from that law. The law of the Sabbath commands : " Remember the Sab-bath day to keep it holy." Nor are we left in doubt as to the meaning of this command. An inspired commentary upon it says it means to " turn away thy foot from the Sabbath, from doing thy pleasure on my holy day;" and to " call the Sabbath a delight, the holy of the Lord, honorable," and to "honor him [the Lord, the Author of the Sabbath], not doing thine own ways, nor finding thine own pleasure, nor speaking thine own words upon the Sabbath. See Isa. 58:13. Now if people were to go to the Fair on Sunday it would be for nothing else than their own pleasure, and would be as palpable a violation of the law of the Sabbath, if that law applied to Sun-,day, as to do anything else forbidden by the fourth commandment. That com-mandment requires more than simply rest from physical toil. It requires spiritual service, a service that can be rendered only by those who are spiritual. Con-gress has no jurisdiction whatever in the matter and can never properly acquire any jurisdiction. For Congress or any other human power to attempt to enforce the divine law as God gave it, would be to usurp authority which belongs alone to God, and would be moreover to attempt an impossibility, for only God can give the power to render a spiritual service, and that is the kind of service required by the law of the Sabbath. On the other hand, for Congress or any other human power to abate somewhat from the divine law professing to be governed by it, would be to think to change that law as did the wicked power described in the twenty-fifth verse of the seventh chapter of Daniel. It follows that the only proper course for Congress, and for all other human powers of government, is simply to let the whole question of Sabbath observance alone, leaving all men free to render to God such service as they see fit to give, being in-dividually accountable to him for that service. But God requires no man to keep Sun-day as the Sabbath. That day is not the Sabbath. It never can be the Sabbath any more than the Fourth of July can be Christmas, and for Congress to require its observance as such is the height of absurdity; yea, it is worse than an ab-surdity, it is a wickedly blasphemous at- tempt to foist upon the world a base coun-terfeit in place of the Sabbath of the Lord. Congress and every other human authority should let the whole question of Sabbath observance alone. C. P. B. Some Scraps of New England History.* THE SUFFERINGS OF THE BAPTISTS. OF all the pests, which so far, the Puri-tans dreaded and hated, the Baptists, or, as they were nicknamed, "the Anabap-tists," were the greatest. It was not one of the least of the offenses of Roger Wil-liams that he was a Baptist. Not long after Roger Williams' banishment, that Thomas Shepard of Charlestown, in the sermon before referred to, entitled " Eye Salve," had told the governor and the magistrates that "Anabaptists had ever been looked at by the godly leaders of this people as a scab;" and the president of Harvard College said that " such a rough thing as a New England Anabaptist is not to be handled over tenderly." According to these principles, therefore, the general court of Massachusetts, in 1644Š ordered and agreed that if any person or persons, within this jurisdiction, shall either openly con-demn or oppose the baptizing of infants, or go about secretly to seduce others from the approba-tion or use thereof, . . . and shall appear to the court willfully and obstinately to continue therein, after due time and means of conviction, every such person or persons shall be sentenced to banishment. The next year, however, a strong peti-tion was presented for the repeal of the law becailse of the offense that had been "taken thereat by the godly in England, `but many of the elders entreated that the law might continue still in force.' " The law remained, but the representative of the Colony who went to England in 1646 explained to parliament that " 'tis true we have a severe law, but wee never did or will execute the rigor of it upon any. . . . But the reason wherefore wee are loath either to repeale or alter the law is because we would have it . . . to beare witnesse against their judgment, . . which we conceive . . . to bee erro-neous." In pursuance of this law and in the same year, a Baptist by the name of Painter, for refusing to let his child be * Condensed from "Two Republics." sprinkled, " was brought before the court, where he declared their baptism to be antichristian." He was sentenced to be whipped, which he bore without flinching. And now, in 1651, three Baptist minis-ters, John Clarke, Obadiah Holmes, and John Crandall, went from the Providence plantation to Lynn, Mass., to visit an aged Baptist. They arrived on Saturday, July 19, and the next day they worshiped together in his private house. While Mr. Clarke was preaching? two constables en- tered the house with a warrant to arrest " certain erroneous persons being stran-gers." The three ministers were carried off at once to the tavern, and were notified that they must attend worship at the parish church in the afternoon. They protested, saying that if they were forced into the meeting-house, they would be obliged to dissent from the service. The constable told them that was nothing to him. He was ordered to bring them to church, and to church they must go. As they entered the meeting-house, the con-gregation was at prayers, and the three prisoners took off their hats; but as soon as the prayer was over, they put on their hats again, and began reading in their seats. The officers were ordered to take off their hats again. When the service was over, Elder Clarke asked permission to speak. His request was granted on condition that he would not speak about what he had just heard preached. He began to explain why he had put on his hat, saying that he " could not judge that they were gathered according to the visible order of the Lord." He was allowed to proceed no further, and the three were shut up for the night. The following Tuesday they were taken to Boston and put in prison. July 31 they were tried before the court of assistants, and were fined, Clarke twenty pounds, Holmes thirty, and Cran-dall five, " or each to 'be well whipped." At the beginning of the trial Elder Clarke had asked that they be shown the law under which they were being tried, and now he made the same request again, but Endicott broke in, " You have de-served death. I will not have such trash brought into our jurisdiction. You go up and down, and secretly insinuate things into those that are weak, but you can not maintain it before our ministers; you may try a dispute with them." As they were sent away from the court to prison, Elder Holmes says, "As I went from the bar, I exprest myself in these words : I blesse God I am counted worthy to suffer for the name of Jesus;' where-upon John Wilson (their pastor, as they call him) strook me before the judgment-seat, and cursed me, saying, the curse of God . . . goe with thee;' so we were carried to the prison." The Baptists were ready to defend their doctrines as well as to attack the popish ceremonies of the Puritans; therefore, Elder Clarke, as soon as they had arrived at the prison, wrote a letter to the court, and proposed to debate the Baptist princi-ples with any of their ministers. He was asked in reply what the Baptist principles were that he would debate. Clarke drew up four propositions, the first stating their faith in Christ; second, that baptism, or dipping in water, is one of the command-ments of the Lord Jesus Christ, and that a visible believer or disciple of Jesus Christ (that is, one who manifests repent-ance toward and faith in Jesus Christ) is the only person to be baptized, or dipped 