NATIONAL REFORM1 THE NATIONAL CAPITOL. (See page 370.) "That grand exhibition of young manhood and womanhood is the clearest omen yet seen of the coming time when Christ, whose right it is to reign, shall be supreme on Capitol Hill." -IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT: FOR / CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAYE THE WORLD."  Vol. 11, No. 47. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 26, 1896. Price Three Cents.    american Sentinel, Published Weekly in Defense of Religious Liberty. 12W-For Further Particulars and Terms see Last Page. Entered at the New pork Post-office._ EDITOR, ASST. EDITOR,  A. T. JONES.  ---- L. A. SISSITFT. THE one leading characteristic of the French Revolution was atheism. Not the atheism of men as in-dividuals, but the athe-ism of men in organ-ized, representative, governmental, capac-ity. It was strictly iiaf atheisre : be-ing the action of the national assembly in its official character as such. This national athe-ism was not a sudden wild break of men, in an effort to present to the world a novel spectacle: it was the direct, logical, result of a system that had formerly dominated the country. There had been fastened upon France, through the govern-mental authority, a re-ligion professedly Christian. It was not Christian; yet it was adopted and ever held by the national au-thority, as Christian. All national favors were for this religion; the national authority forced it upon all; the national power rig-idly excluded all other forms of worship. When the Reformation of the sixteenth century came, and therein Christianity was offered to the people of France, it was tabooed, denounced, warred upon, and at last, by the revocation of the Edict of Nantes, was excluded. Then the nation was left under the crashing  weight of the old false religion; and it was not very long before the people of France found themselves under, the necessity of re-lieving themselves of the incubus that was upon them. This religion had been adopted and main-tained for the supposed good of the State. It was proposed always to the State by " the Church " under the pretense that it was es-sential to the welfare of the State. It was found at last to be the greatest evil that afflicted the State. Instead of being for the good of the State, it was found to be only a continued and increasing curse. And in order for the State, to find relief, it was es-sential to repudiate this national religion. Now note: this religion, though not Chris-tianity, was held by the people of France to  be Christianity. The nation had been trained for ages in the opinion that it only was Chris-tianity. They knew nothing else as Chris-tianity. And to them, in repudiating it they were repudiating Christianity. In repudiat-ing it, they did not pretend to be doing any-thing else than repudiating Christianity; for it was all that they knew as Christianity, and it must be repudiated. And when men inten-tionally repudiate Christianity, even though it be in something that is mistaken for Chris- tianity, they commit themselves only to athe-ism. Thus it was that France attained to national atheism. This too was nothing else than carrying to their legitimately logical conclusion the prop-osition and arguments, by which the country had been held under the power of that na- 