98 THE _AMERICAN SENTINEL. Saturday, and call it the Sabbath, if they choose, but there let their privileges end. Instead of thankfully making use of concessions granted theM, and then going off quietly and attending to their own business, as they ought, they start out making unholy alliances that they may defeat the purposes of ,their benefactors. None of these bills are aimed at them, but if they fail to appreciate the fact, they may yet call down upon themselves such a Measure of public disfavor as that legisla-tion embarrassing to them may result." Shades of Dominic! Did anyone ever hear of more cool assumption? "Upon what meat doth this our Caesar feeds  that he has grown so great?" Seventh-day people "can worship on Saturday, and call it the Sabbath, if they choose, but there let their privileges end." If they are not thankful for these "concessions," and if they work against "the purposes of their benefactors," they may call down upon themselves such a measure of public disfavor as that "legislation embarrassing to them may result." Now what does this mean ? Simply this: That these Sun-day-law people are beginning to assume that the Lord created the earth for their especial benefit, and that it is a great "concession" on their part for them to allow anybody even to think differ-ently from them. Those who do not do as they do ought to be thankful that they are privileged to live in this country. They are the "benefactors" of Seventh-day people, because they.have tolerated them so long. Did the Papacy in its worst days ever assume any mum lordly position? It means further that if Seventh-day people will keep perfectly quiet, and be content with the privilege of resting on Saturday, they will not be molested. But let them, as Mr. Edwards said, begin to " rave ; " that is, let them but teach their conscientious convictions to others, and then "leg-islation embarrassing to them may result." This can mean nothing else than that, whereas Sev-enth-day people are allowed, by existing and pro-posed Sunday laws, to rest on Saturday if they choose, they will be prohibited from doing even this if they rebel against their "benefactors," and refuse to rest also on Sunday, and if they at-tempt to stir up others to similar rebellion. This is a declaration of intention on the part of the Sunday-law agitators a little in advance of any-thing we have previously heard. Mr. Bothwell says of Seventh-day people that "none of these [Sunday] bills are aimed at them." We Cannot say definitely as to that, but we know where they always hit. We know that Sunday laws, whatever the purpose for which they are en-acted, are always used for the purpose of "em-barrassing" those who observe the seventh day of the week. In 1885, Arkansas had Sunday laws reading as follows:Š "SECTION 1883. Every person who shall on the Sabbath, or Sunday, be found laboring, or shall compel his apprentice or servant to labor or per-form service other than customary household du-ties of daily necessity, comfort, or charity, on con-viction thereof shall be fined one dollar for each separate offense. "Sac. 1884. Every apprentice or servant com-pelled to labor on Sunday shall be deemed a sepa-rate offense of the master. "SEc. 1885. The provision of this act shall not apply to steamboats and other vessels navigating the waters of the State, nor such manufacturing establishments as require to be kept in continual operation. "SEC. 1886. Persons who are members of any re-ligious society who observe as Sabbath any other day of the week than the Christian Sabbath, or  Sunday, shall not be subject to the penalties of this act [the Sunday law], so that they observe one day in seven, agreeable to the faith and practice of their church,or society." In the session of the Arkansas Legislature of 1885, section 1886 was repealed, by act of Marsh 3. The object of those who secured the repeal of that section was, as they said, to close the sa-loons. It was claimed that, under cover of that section, certain Jews who kept saloons in Little Rock had successfully defied the law against Sun-day saloons, and that there was no way to secure the proper enforcement of the law without the re-peal of that section. The legislators believed the statements made, and repealed the section as stated. "Bear in mind that the object of this move-ment was said to be to close the saloons on Sun-day; and what discussion there was on the bill in both the Senate and the House, shows that such was the object, so far as the legislators understood it. But when the act was secured, and was framed into a law, not a saloon was closed, nor was there an attempt made, any more than before, to close them. Not one of the saloon keepers was prosecuted. And in Little Rock itself; dur-ing the session of the Legislature of 1887, when the law was in full force, up to the time of the restoration of the exemption clause, the saloons kept their doors wide open, and conducted their business with no effort at concealment, the same as they had before the act was passed. But, so far as we have been able to learn by diligent in-vestigation, from the day of its passage, the law was used for no other purpose than to punish peace-able citizens of the State who observed the sev-enth day as the Sabbath, and exercised their God-given right to work on Sunday." A. T. Jones, of the AMERICAN SENTINEL, who makes the above statement, has had the privilege of investigating the records of the cases of those who were prosecuted under the law as amended, and has published them in his pamphlet, " Civil Government and Religion." In another article, entitled, " Where Sunday Laws Hit," in this week's issue, we shall present some of those cases, that our readers may learn the practical workings of " temperance Sunday laws." As they read these things we ask them to decide whether or not they want the Inquisition set up in this country. Peo-ple may talk as much as they please about the en-lightenment of thisnineteenth century, and the im-possibility for persecution to arise; but every can-did person whose eyes are open must see that we are upon the very eve of as bitter a persecution as ever disgraced this earth. The minds of men are being inflamed by ecclesiastical leaders, and all that is needed is the color of law to give the malignant passions of bigots full exercise. E. J. W. IN the notices of-Miss Willard's forth-coming autobiography, she is mentioned as claiming to be a "gospel politician." That means that she fa-vors spreading the gospel by political methods, which is, by voting upon it, and making laws concerning it. In other words, she is devoted to the union of Church and State. But that doesn't make us think that such a union ought to be con-summated. The apostle Paul said that even an angel from Heaven should be cursed if he preached different gospel from that delivered by Christ. IT is reported that Ann. Arbor has suppressed the sale of Sunday newspapers in its borders. The Constitution and Sunday. DR. CRAFTS wrote to the Detroit Free Press February 17, stating some of the objects of the National Sunday bill, and the Free Press re-plied:Š " If our correspondent will bear in mind that in the eye of the federal law, as well as of the Federal Constitution, Sunday has no other status than Saturday, or any other day of the week, he will possibly see what the assumption of power for which he asks would involve. It would involve the possibility of prohibiting the running of trains between States on any day in the week, and, con-sequently, upon all days in the week, which is an absurdity. It involves another, and, if possible, a greater absurdityŠthe power to compel the run-ning of inter-State trains upon every day in the week, and as many times a day as Congress may direct. " There has never been, that we are aware of, any serious claim that the congressional power referred to extended thus far, and we have no fears that Congress will make any such claim. That body is quite a.s likely, we should think, under the pretense of regulating inter-State com-merce, to prohibit the running of smoking-cars on inter-State trains, or the chewing of gum by pas-sengers thereon, or the sale of peanuts for more than five cents a pint. We do not mean to inti-mate for a moment that these subjects have any natural affinity for, or connection with, Sunday rest. But we do mean to assert' that it would be just as ridiculous for Congress, under the pretense of exercising its regulative power over commerce between the States, to prohibit the running of trains on Sunday as it would to enact the other prohibitions suggested." Further, Dr. Crafts had said that the Consti-tution contains a Sunday-Rest law for the Presi-dent. The Free Press made to this the singular reply that the Constitution makes no mention of Sunday, and commended to Dr. Crafts a re-examination of the Constitution. We approve of the recommendation of the Free Press, that the Doctor should examine the Constitution more closely; but if the Free Press had examined the Constitution as closely as it asks Dr. Crafts to, it ought to know that it does make mention of Sunday. True, it does not make mention of Sunday in any such a way as Dr. Crafts would make out, as enacting a Sunday law; but it does mention Sunday, and says that " if any bill shall not be returned by the President within ten days (Sunday excepted) after it is presented to him, the same shall be a law in like manner as if he had signed it, unless Congress by their adjourn-ment prevent its return." But so far from this intending to be a law regulating the rest of the President, it is simply a recognition of the right of the President to keep Sunday religiously if he choose. In this the Constitution recognizes the fact that the President may be one who regards Sunday as a holy day, and respects his consci-entious convictions, as it now does of every man, by providing that he shall not be compelled to count Sunday amongst the number of business days. The Constitution of the -United States rec-ognizes the right of every man to observe Sunday if he wishes, and it recognizes the right not to keep it if he choose. It respects a man's con-scientious convictions, whether he be a Christian or not a Christian. This is the sole meaning of the expression, " Sunday excepted." But the query is, How could the Detroit Free Press ever have made such a mistake as- to say that the Constitution makes no mention of Sunday? The Constitution of the United States is worthy of a good deal more study than ninety-nine out of every one hundred people in the United States ever give to it. A. T. J. 