  648 AMERICAN SENTINEL.       restrained; and I maintain this of the instinct of self-preservation. The establishment of this position is, indeed, the great object of the present inquiry. What are the dis-positions and actions to which the instinct of self-pres-ervation prompts, but actions and dispositions which Christianity forbids? They are non-forbearance, resist-ance, retaliation of injuries. The truth is, that it is to defense that the peaceable precepts of Christianity are directed. Offense appears not to have even suggested itself. It is "Resist not evil;" it is "Overcome evil With good;" it is "Do good to them that hate you;" it is "Love your enemies;" it is "Render not evil for evil;" it is "Whoso smiteth thee on one cheek." All this sup-poses previous offense, or injury, or violence; and it is then that forbearance is enjoined. "The chief aim," says a judicious author, "of those who argue in behalf of defensive war, is directed at the passions;" and accordingly, the case of an assassin will doubtless be brought against me. I shall be askedŠSuppose a ruffian breaks into your house, and rushes into your room with his arm lifted to murder you, do you not believe that Christianity allows you to kill him? This is the last refuge of the cause: my answer to it is explicitŠI do not believe it. I have referred to this utmost possible extremity, because I am willing to meet objections of whatever nature; and because, by stating this, which is enforced by all our prejudices and all our instincts, I shall at least show, that I can give to those who differ from me, a fair, an open, and a candid recognition of all the con-sequences of my principles. I would, however, beg the same candor of the reader, and remind him, that were they unable to abide this test, the case of the ruffian has little practical reference to war. I remind him of this, not because I doubt whether our principles can be sup-ported, but because, if he should think that in this case I do not support them, he will yet recollect that very few wars are proved to be lawful. Of the wars which are prosecuted, some are simply wars of aggression; some are for the maintenance of a balance of power; some are in assertion of technical rights, and some, undoubtedly, to repel invasion. The last are, perhaps, the fewest; and of these only it can be said that they bear any analogy whatever to the case which is supposed; and even in these, the analogy is sel-dom complete. It has rarely indeed happened that wars have been undertaken simply for the preservation of life, and that no other alternative has remained to a people, than to kill or to be killed. And let it be remem-bered, that unless this alternative only remains, the case of the ruffian is irrelevant; it applies not, practically, to the subject. I do not know what those persons mean, who say, that we are authorized to kill an assassin by the law of nature. Principles like this, heedlessly assumed, as of self-evident truth, are, I believe, often the startingŁpost of our errors, the point of divergency from rectitude, from which our after obliquities proceed. Some men seem to talk of the laws of nature, as if nature were a legislatress who had sat and framed laws for the gov-ernment of mankind. Nature makes no laws; a law im-plies a legislator; and there is no legislator upon the principles of human duty, but God. If, by the "law of nature," is meant any thing of which the sanctions or obligations are different from those of revelation, it is obvious that we have set up a moral system of our own, and in opposition to that which has been established by Heaven. If we mean by the "law of nature," nothing but that which is accord-ant with revelation, to what purpose do we refer to it at all? I do not suppose that any sober moralist will statedly advance the laws of nature in opposition to the laws of God; but I think that to advance them at allŠthat to refer to any principle or law, in determina-tion of our duty, irrespectively of the simple will of God, is always dangerous: for there will be many, who, when they are referred for direction to such law, or principle, will regard it, in their practise, as a Anal standard of truth. I believe that a reference to the laws of nature has seldom illustrated our duties, and never induced us to perform them; and that it has hitherto answered little other purpose than that of amusing the lovers of philo-sophical morality. The mode of proving, or of stating, the right to kill an assassin, is this: "There is one case in which all ex-tremities are justifiable; namely, when our life is as-saulted, and it becomes necessary for our preservation to kill the assailant. This is evident in a state of na-ture; unless it can be shown that we are bound to prefer the aggressor's life to our own; that is to say, to love our enemy better than ourselves, which.can never be a debt of justice, nor any where appears to be a duty of charity." If I were disposed to hold argumentation like this, I would say, that although we may not be required to love our enemies better than ourselves, we are required to love them as ourselves; and that in the supposed case, it still would be a question equally balanced, which life ought to be sacrificed; for it is quite clear, that if we kill the assailant, we love him less than ourselves, which may, perhaps, militate a little against "a duty of charity." But the truth is, that the question is not whether we should love our enemy better than ourselves, but whether we should sacrifice the laws of Christianity in order to preserve our livesŠwhether we should prefer the interests of religion to our ownŠwhether we should be willing to "lose our life, for Christ's sake and the gospel's." The system of counter-crime is of very loose ten-dency. The assailant violates his duties by attempting to kill me, and I, therefore, am to violate mine by actually killing him. Is his meditated crime, then, a justification 