740 AMERICAN SENTINEL. They seem to have lost sight of the power of the gospel, which is able to reform men and cause them to obey God despite all obstacles, though it involve the loss of position or all worldly possessions, even the sacrifice of life itself. But their purpose is to get laws passed to make it easy for people to serve God, or at least to appear to do so. The majority of the officers chosen were men who were not present, but whose influence was desired to give strength to the movement. In selecting vice-presidents, there was some question whether a certain minister named was in sympathy with the movement. It was stated that his influence was second to no minister in Alabama when it came to politics. He had recently taken the lead in a strong and successful _move upon the legis-lature against ,horse-racing and pools. They ran the risk, and accepted his name. If the doubts mentioned are correct, it is to be hoped that this minister will have the courage of his convictions, and sever his connection with this religio-political organization. At the organiza-tion of the State Association, some of the Montgomery pastors took a firm, decided stand against the effort to secure Sunday observance by law. The new organization expects to enter upon an active campaign, and, as one of the daily papers recently stated, the Sunday question is rapidly becoming the "issue of the hour:"Š "A fortnight ago it was a nebulous fleck on the hori-zon. To day it is a portentous cloud; with enough elec-tricity within its folds to blast many a promising polit-ical career. It is going to figure in the county campaign, principally in the election of members of the legislature. TheŁ municipal election is a long ways off, but if this Sunday question is not settled between now and then, it will be the pivotal point of the campaign." Then, after speaking of the movements of the con-tending forces, the same article concludes:Š "These preliminary skirmishes are full of significance to the keen observer. They forecast a pitched battle, that is only a question of time." Two weeks ago, some eight or nine saloon men were arrested in this city for cleaning up their bars and prem ices in the early hours of Sunday morning. They were all dismissed, but, as indicated, this is only a skirmish preceding the conflict that is inevitable. This is the golden opportunity to place the true principles of religious liberty and the evils of religious legislation before the people of this community, and the time will be improved by those who are awake to the situation. 0 that the people everywhere would sense the danger that is threatening the wholes  land from the spirit of religious intolerance that is gathering like a tempest, soon to burst upon the heads of 'those who cannot yield their consciences to the 'dictation of men. "We ought to obey God rather than men." Birmingham, Ala. 0 trn final account must be to God, not to man. Sir George Turner on the School Question. ON the question of teaching religion in the state schools, and in reference to some features of the agitation for it, Sir George Turner, Premier of Victoria, Austra-lia, in a recent speech, made the following pertinent re-marks:Š "If religious teaching is to be any good, it must be doctrinal teaching, and it must be given by somebody who has studied and who understands the work." "If all the leaders of denominations would meet and agree among themselves as to the lessons they desire to have taught, that would clear the ground of much of the difficulty ; but I think if we got them together they would be something like the Kilkenny cats." "If you had read some of the letters I have had to read about the matter, and had heard some of the ser-mons I have heard about it, you would see that it is nat mere religious instruction in state schools of the kind asked for which is wanted. That would be the introduc-tion merely of the thin end of the wedge." "I regret very much the proceedings which have been taken by those who are leading this movement. You are asked to pledge yourselves to vote against me at the next elections if I have conscientious scruples against this platform. You are asked to pledge yourselves against every man who will not vote for the introduction of these books. Is that fair? Is it a fair way of obtain-ing a test vote on the question? I am surprised that those who attempt to lead Christian society are capable of adopting such tactics." All of which applies forcibly to the situation which exists to-day in the United States. The Sabbath the Sign of the Cross. BY E. J. WAGGONER. JESUS says, "Come unto me, all ye that labor, and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest." Matt. 11:28. He gives rest because in him the works of God are per_ feet. "We are his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus unto good works." "If any man be in Christ, he is a new creature." In him "we have our redemption, the forgive-ness of sins, . . . for in him were all things created." Redemption through Christ is nothing else than creation Ša new creation. Just before his crucifixion, Christ said to the Father, "I have finished the work which thou gayest me to do." John 17:4. And when he hung on the cross he cried, "It is finished; and he bowed his head, and gave up the ghost." John 19:30. Thus he indicated that in the cross are to be found all the perfect, finished works of the new creation. Now the Sabbath was given as the sign of a perfect creation completed ; therefore_ it is the sign of those per-fect works restored by the cross of Christ. That is to say, since the Sabbath is the sign of a perfect creation completed, and by the cross of Christ a new creation is -accomplished, the Sabbath must be the sign of the cross. Try it and see if it is not. 