118 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Christian ideas and in a , Christian journal should speak of the places that to those heathen were "sacred," and himself use the word in the same sense as did they, cer-tainly shows a thoughtlessness that is remarkable. But this is not all. Please read the following:Š " Thirdly comes the crown and pride of all temples made with hands, the Parthenon, the temple of the Athenian Virgin. To attempt any description of this superb shrine would be a work of supererogation alike distasteful to gods and men." "Distasteful to gods." Is it true, then, that there are really such things as gods to whom things can be dis-tasteful? Does this writer think that the Greek gods still have their habitats on the Acropolis of Athens and round about, so that if he should take the liberty of writ-ing up their shrines for the consideration of the bar-barian, Americans, they would be displeasedŠdoes he? If not, what does he mean? And if he does, what does he mean ? Does he not know that such of the Greek gods as had any real identity, were devils ? While Athens and Corinth were in their glory, and their gods were worshiped in all' the corrupt and corrupting rites that became them, it was written to people who dwelt there: "The things which the Gentiles sacrifice, they sacrifice to devils." But they sacrificed unto their gods. Are these devils the gods for whom this writer has so much respect that he would not do so slight a thing as to write a detailed account of their "sacred" shrines lest Łhe should do that which was "distasteful" to them? If not this, then does he believe that the mythical things of the vain imagination of the Greeks, were really gods, and of such enduring substance that they still con-tinue in the ancient haunts; so that if a person should not there walk softly and with reverent mien or should attempt to write about them and their "sacred" pla,ces, they would be offendedŠat least in taste? Does he not know that they were "nothing? If he believes neither of these things, then why does he write so? For, as before suggested, there is no hint that he writes otherwise than with sobriety and from 'conviction. And if he believes either of them, then his ar-ticle betrays a remarkable thoughtlessness. It is not to be supposed that he takes devils to be these gods, and would hesitate to do anything distaste-ful to them. It is possible, however that his mind may have become so thoroughly saturated with Greek ideas, his imagination so pervaded with Greek conceptions, and his admiration so engrossed with, the " perfections " of Greek sentiment, that all these things appear to him just as they did to the Greeks themselves, that they are all as real to him and in the same way as they were to the Greeks themselves. And that this is indeed most prob-able, is strongly suggested in his statement that the Parthenon was "the crown and pride of all temples made with hands." But this again betrays sheer thoughtless-ness or worse. Did he never read the description of the  Temple of God at Jerusalem that was built by Solomon? It far surpassed the Parthenon. Surely every person who will think at all on the sub-, ject can see at once that the Greek gods were in concep-tion nothing but the reflection of the imagination of the Greeks themselves. And every person who has read knows that in disposition and character the Greek gods were perfectly devilish. And if then he will think for a moment he will see clearly that in disposition and char-acter the Greek gods were but the reflection of the dispo-sition and character of the Greeks themselves. He will see therefore that these gods were, so far as themselves were concerned, literally nothing; but were in fact only the Greeks themselvesŠand every one of them has been dead from a thousand to two or three thousand years. Then as for the gods themselves, why should this writer think that he could do anything that would be distasteful to nothing? And as for the Greeks who were in fact their own gods, but who have been dead so long, why Would he think he could do anything distasteful to them? And as the dispositions and characters of those Greeks when they were alive were so essentially devilish, why should he hesitate to do what might be distasteful to them even though they were all alive to day. That the thing were distasteful or even offensive to them would be one of the best possibleevidences of the.essential virtue of it, and that it was the very thing to do. An important question upon all this is, Where is the merit in Greek philosophy, religion, or artŠfor their art was but idolatry? What possible good can cometo any-body from contemplating and absorbing such a mass of falsehood, corruption and vanity? The Latin field is the same. Yet these are the chief field; and the pride, of "learning," in almost all the colleges in the world. It is so, even in professed Christian colleges. But how is it possible for young men, or young women, or anybody in fact, to study such stuff as all that really is, without be-coming essentially paganized ? It is not possible. But what was this paganism to Greece and Rome? What did it do for them? What did this philosophy, religion, and art, in its perfection, do for the Greeks and Romans? Was the result of all this with them, so alto-gether good- and profitable, that it needs to be repro-duced in the world? Every man who thinks, knows that the height of Greek and Roman development, when all this "shone" in its "brightest lustre," was the deepest state of moral degradation that had ever been seen in the world since the day that Sodom and Gomorrah per-ished. Does it need to be reproduced in. the world? Every decent man is compelled to say, No. Then why should that which produced it before be reproduced and glorified in the world? CaŁn you indulge the cause and escape the effect? It is time that the people began to think. 1, Ł WE have reached a time when individualism finds its sole refuge in the gospel of Jesus Christ. 