428 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "He had been Constable of France, but on account of some jealousies had been banished. Charles finally sent for him and made him prime minister." "I can't see how France could prosper enough to be-come free while the Burgundians and Armagnacs were quarreling among themselves," commented Julia March. "I'm glad you spoke of that point,. Julia, I was for-getting to mention that these two factions had about become tired of fighting each other, so the Burgundians became reconciled to their own king, and Charles for-gave them. However, it is almost doubtful whether France would have recovered herself, had it not been for the help given to Charles by a very rich merchant, who helped him to large sums of money. But as was his dis-position always, he was very ungrateful to him. "This, you must remember, was in the fifteenth cen-tury. "It seems almost impossible that only about 400 years ago there could have been such dreadful crimes committed and left unpunished as these were. The most horrible crimes were tolerated, provided the actors were only of noble blood,Šand yet we can see something of the same condition of things to-day, not only in this country, but all over the world. Juries and judges are bribed, and money frees the greatest villains very often, even to-day; it seems to me indeed that truth has fallen in theŁstreets. History tells us of a man who puts his own brother in prison and starved him to death; of an inhuman son who forced his old father to walk through the snow a long way, only to be imprisoned in a loath-some dungeon at his journey's end; and of a wretch who cruelly murdered 100 innocent children. Although this man was executed finally, yet he was shown some clem-ency on account of his noble blood." "Well, Professor Carman, I very much prefer a noble character to all the noble blood in the world," said Julia March. "Was King Charles always just as lazy and indolent as he was when Jeanne Dare had to coax him to go to Rheims to be crowned?" asked Jennie Jacobs. "No; he seemed to become quite an energetic fellow along in middle life, and it was well for the country that he did. The year 1453 saw the entire country taken from the English, only Calais and a little bit of land around it. So at last the hundred years' war was over, and poor bleeding France might again breathe freely. "But Charles now began to have trouble of a serious nature right in his own family. His oldest son, the Dauphin, Louis, tormented him in many ways, till at last the king became demented like his ill-fated father, Charles VI., and imagined that the dauphin was trying to poison him; so he refused to eat, and after a few days of suffer-ing, died. "Now," continued the professor, earnestly, 'fas exam-ination day is approaching, I must speak a word of warn-ing. I hope none of you are studying simply to pass. If this is your highest motive, it would be better to stop  where you are. I trust your object is the more noble one of so improving the talents given you that you may be better fitted for usefulness." Charlie White glanced a little uneasily at his friend Rob, who blushed deeply; and on the road home, if you and I had followed them, we would have heard him say : "Look here, Charlie, I'm afraid I'm thinking more about that trip to Paris than any higher motive." "That's so," replied Charlie. "Say, Rob, let's try to forget all about going, till after examination." MRS. L. D. AVERY-STUTTLE. The Millennium On Earth And In Heaven. "WHERE do men get the idea of a millennium on earth, mama?" "The only place where the word millenium is found in the Bible is the 20th chapter of Revelation, where it is translated 'a thousand years."' "Yes, I have read the chapter," said Charlie. "Do you understand it?" "No; not fully." "Hand me the Bible, then, and find the place.ŠWho have a part in the first resurrection?" "The blessed and holy," said Charlie. "What is the resurrection of the blessed and holy, called?" "The first resurrection." "How long before the rest of the dead are raised?" Charlie read, "The rest of the dead lived not again till the thousand years were finished " "Then you see clearly that there is a millennium, or a thousand years, between the resurrection of the righteous and of the wicked?" "Yes, mama." "Now when does the resurrection of the blessed and the holy take place?" "When Christ comes. I remember reading, 'The Lord himself shall descend . . . and the dead in Christ shall rise first.' " 1 Thess. 4:16. "The next verse says, that those who are raised from the dead at that time will be caught up to meet the Lord in the air. Now if they are caught away to be with the Lord at the beginning of the thousand years, who will be left to have a millennium on earth?" "The wicked dead, and Satan and his hosts." "That is right. And how do you think they will en-joy the millennium?" "Not very much, mama. It says an angel comes down from heaven and lays hold on Satan, and binds him for a thousand years in the bottomless pit. Does that mean the earth?" "Yes, it is the same word that is translated 'deep' in the first chapter of Genesis, where the earth is described in a state of chaos. Darkness, desolation, and death will surround him who has deceived the nations of the 