AMERICAN SENTINEL. 53 THE proposed religious amendment to the Constitu-tion, by which the Government is to be made "Chris-tian," will, we are told, "safeguard the religious liberty and equality of all citizens by providing toleration and ecclesiastical freedom, and by completely separating church and state." This amazing assertion appears in the Christian Statesman as part of an "admirable argu-ment" prepared by Prof. J. McNaugher in support of a resolution passed at the late National Reform conven-tion in this city. To determine how much truth this assertion con-tains, we have only to note that under the State enforce-ment of Sunday observance, which the theocratic party aim by means of this amendment to make more rigid and more widespread, exactly the same results have followed that were seen under the religious persecutions of former times. This party want. Sunday enforcement not only by authority of the States, but of the nation. This party want the Government to become "Christian" in order that Sunday enforcement may become more gen-eral and more rigid. And they say this would not bring religious persecution. It would not infringe religious liberty, but would safeguard it. But note: in various States of the Union, under the operation of existing Sunday laws, people who for conscience' sake could not conform to such requirements, believing themselves bound by the law of God to honor the seventh day of the week and not the first day, have been arrested, fined, imprisoned, worked in the chain-gang, and treated just as "heretics" were treated under the religious persecu-tions of the Dark Ages, except that they have not yet suffered the death penalty. In the one case the system has not been carried quite as far As in the other, but it is the same in character, for it bears the same kind of fruit. If a system of government that is called for does not mean religious persecution, then religious persecu-tion will not be possible under it. And where such per-secution does appear, the system under which it ap-pears is plainly stamped as an invasion of religious freedom, however strongly its defenders, may assert its innocence. "A joint resolution has been introduced into the Senate of the United States by Mr. Kyle, which proposes the following amendment as Article XVI. of the Consti-tution: 'The Congress as the highest law-making power of a Christian nation, shall have exclusive power to reg-ulate marriage and divorce in the several States, Terri-tories, and the District of Columbia.' This amendment, if adopted, would harmonize the action of the legisla-tive department of the Government with the decision of the Supreme Court in which it is declared that 'this is a Christian nation.' This would be an "amendment" of the Constitution, with a vengeance. It would sweep away the Constitu-tion altogether. More than this: it would sweep away the Republic altogether, and in its place establish the worst form of monarchy. All this it would do in theory  as soon as adopted by Congress; and actually, as 'soon as it should be carried into effect. Marriage and divorce are regulated in each State by the State law. This is so by virtue of the principle of American Government which accords to each State the sovereignty over its own affairs. Should this power be taken from the State and given to Congress, this princi-ple would be broken and the regulating power of the State over any other matter might with equal propriety be transferred in like manner. NO logical ground would remain in support of the system of independent State government; and the complete absorption of State power by the national Government would follow as a natural result. But this is not the worst feature of the proposed amendment. Congress, by its provisions, is to exercise this power "as the highest law-making power of a Chris-tian nation." Congress is to become Christian. None but ChristiansŠand orthodox Christians they must be Šcan be sent to Congress. "We the people of the United States," who ordain the Constitution, will be changed to "We the orthodox Christian people of the' United States;" and all others can choose between being gov-erned by the "orthodox Christians" or emigrating to some other land. Indeed, they have already been in-vited to emigrate by representatives of this "Christian" party. And this, as the National Reform party correctly sees, "would harmonize the action of the legislative de-partment of the Government with the decision of the Supreme Court in which it is declared that 'this is a Christian nation.' Such is the nature and meaning of that decision. THE God-in-the-Constitution party are trying hard to make capital out of the action of Congress in the Roberts' case. They want the Government to base itsŁ action against polygamy on religious grounds. At the annual business meeting of this association, the Com-mittee on Resolutions was instructed to prepare "reso-lutions on the exclusion of Brigham H. Roberts, an avowed polygamist, from Congress, and on the securing of an amendment to the national Constitution exclud-ing polygamists from all national offices on Christian grounds." This scheme is now being actively pushed by the "reform" forces at Washington. "Several Joint Reso-lutions have been introduced into the House of Repre-sentatives for an anti polygamy amendment to the Constitution." One of these reads thus: 'Polygamy is hereby declared to be an offense against the United States, and forever prohibited within them or any place-subject to their jurisdiction; and no person engaged in the practise theredf shall hold any office of honor, trust, or profit under the United States or any State." The-theocratic party want to have inserted in this, after "polygamy," the words "being condemned by the law 