248 VOL. 11, No 31. NEW YORK, AUGUST 6, 1896. IV" ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. " FAMILY religion and family government would do more to save the State than all the good government clubs." So says the New York Observer, of May 28; and it states a truth very pertinent to the present situa-tion. THE Catholic Review, of August 1, alludes to several recent exhibitions of pulpit politics in various State3 and then inquires, " When will Protestant clergymen in their pulpits let partisan politics alone? " We can answer the query. It will be when they renounce the principles of the Papacy. THE question is being agitated in Massa-chusetts whether the civil power has the right of " prohibition, by city or town law, of the free public-preaching of God's gospel to the common people on their own common lands." The primary cause of the agitation seems to be the prohibition of preaching on Boston Common. The question is said to be on the docket which will come before the United States Supreme Court this fall. WE are told by some who think they are presenting to the people the Christian duty of the hour, that " the real Christian must ally himself on Christ's side and work and vote for him." This was said by one speaker at the late Christian Endeavor convention in Washington. In reply we would say that it will be time enough to " vote for " Christ when we find out to what one of the political parties he belongs. The political preachers have not yet informed us on this point, and our own vision fails to discover him in the present campaign. Indeed, so far as we can learn from Scripture, Jesus Christ was never in politics at all. " IN Russia," writes Isabel F. Hapgood, in the Outlook, of June 20, " there is never.any problem as to ' how the men are to be induced to go to church.' The churches are always thronged, and. the men go more than the women. Moreover, the very poor go in a way which would rejoice the heart of a clergyman in New York, and the absence of pews, rented places, or seats of any sort brings about an ideal commingling of all classes which would suit the Christian theory, if not the Repub-lican practice, of this country." This sug-gests the query whether it would not be well for our " National Reform " clergy and statesmen, who are moving earth and trying to move heaven in their scheme for filling the Churches, to spend some time studying the  religious system of Russia. Evidently, it would be better to have some system, even the Greek Catholic, which would fill the churches with willing and devout congrega-tions, than to try to drive the people into them with the whip of Sunday " laws." " SUNDAY in Orthodox Glasgow" (see page 246) is a forcible presentation of the unde-sirable nature of a man-made sabbath. "The Sabbath was made for man," said its divine Author; it was not made to be against him, and is not against hiM, save as it is perverted by man's additions and alterations. The Pharisees had a man-made sabbath Š the " Jewish sabbath "Šmade by perversion of God's Sabbath through their traditions. This is why they accused Christ's disciples of breaking the Sabbath by plucking and eating some kernels of wheat in the fields. The Glasgow sabbath is simply the " Jewish Sab-bath" brought down to modern times. THE outlook for the Adventists imprisoned at Tiptonville, Tenn., for Sunday work, has materially improved since our report last week. The latest word is that the costs charged against them have been greatly re-duced by the non-claimance of fees by the witnesses for the prosecution, and the remis-sion by the sheriff of his charges. In addi-tion to this, $12, the equivalent of the over-time served by J. W. Lewis, has been deducted from the costs aforesaid, so that the amount is now reduced to about $8. Hence they will remain in jail not longer probably than the 5th of the present month. They are kindly treated by the jailer. FOR months the Roman Catholic journals of the country have had comparatively little to say in any other line than that of denounc-ing the A. P. A. as a " dark-lanterned " " oath-bound" organization, secretly working to establish a religious boycott, etc. But the very denunciations in which they have been so prolific apply in full to the Papacy. That sys-tem has its secret, oath-bound organizations, is ever intermeddling with civil affairs, intoler-ant of all other classes, and ever plotting the overthrow of Republican government. That there are a great many members of the Cath-olic Church who do not know this and are honest in their profession both religiously and politically, does not affect the, facts of the situation. THE devil-in-the-schools panic of recent occurrence in this city, which came so near involving the sacrifice of life, lays emphasis upon a popular theological error, but for which it would probably never have happened. The one with whom the scare originated af-firmed that she " saw the devil," and that he had " horns and three eyes." If people would read their Bibles more, and especially if they would believe what the Bible tells them, they would know that the devil, if he  could be seen by our eyes, would not appear as a hideous monster. The Scriptures deelate - that he was once " perfect in beauty " 28: 12), and though fallen, he is an__ angel still. It is because people imagine that where the devil is there must be something out-wardly awful, that so many do not recognize him when he appears as an angel of light. 2 Cor. 11:14. This is one great reason of his success in leading people astray. CHRISTIAN citizenship, as exemplified by Daniel in ancient Babylon (see illustration on first page), clearly shows that Daniel's Christian citizenship had no connection with his resi-dence or office in Babylon. By the act of praying with his windows open toward Jeru-salem, the prophet testified that he sought another country than Babylon, and that in the latter he was but a sojourner. The same testimony was given by Abraham in his life. These men did not try to set up a Christian State, but they did seek a place in the eternal inheritance promised by the Lord to the faith-ful. Do we wish to be fellow-citizens with these glorious characters, and with those of all ages of whom this world has not been worthy? Then we must seek the same coun-try which they sought, and we must seek it as they sought itŠby faith. " "THE recent vote of the House of Com-mons in favor of opening museums, art gal-leries and libraries on Sunday," says the New York Independent, " brings to an end the labors of the Sunday Opening Society, which is about to disband. On Sunday, May 23d, the number of visitors to the galleries and museums of London was 11,000. This is counted very satisfactory to the advocates of Sunday opening, among whom are the Earl of Rosebery, the Earl of Dunraven, Canon Bar-net, of Bristol, and several bishops." We fear the disbanding society will enjoy but a short-lived triumph. A LIMITED number of extra copies of our issue of July 23, containing the articles in reference to the Christian Endeavor conven-tion, can be had at the usual price, one cent per copy. This is an excellent paper, and a good one to hand out to our Christian En-deavor friends. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Entered at the New York Post-Office. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00e. In clubs of 5 and under 25 copies to one address, 1 year - 75c " 25 and under 50 " " " 1 " - 60c " 50 and tinder 100 " " " 1 " - 55c " 100 or more it 44 Li 144 50c To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 1 " - 5s Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 BOND STREET, NEW YORK, 