THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 247 poor alike, the man who rides out with his team as well as the man who hires a livery rig; the man who sells railroad tickets as well as the man who sells bananas. If the Law and Order people mean to carry out the law, let them carry it out im-partially and treat everybody alike." THE Mankato Ledger says of the passage of the Sunday closing proviso : " It will be a fine victory for the ultra wing of the church people. Their success in this direction will only embolden them to take more active steps toward the enactment of reli-gious legislation having for its object the recogni-tion of Sunday and an enforced attendance by every person of a suitable age, upon Sunday wor-ship. This to be sure is antagonistic to the princi-ples of the Declaration of Independence, and a direct contradiction of the claim that Church and State are independent of each other in the United States. It remains to be seen if the church people who comprise only a fifth of the sixty-five millions of people that make up the population of this Na-tion, can control and dictate a certain line of policy to the other four-fifths of the population." That they are already thinking of following up the advantage gained is shown by the words of Rev. J. D. Sand, of Pittsburg, who says of the ac-tion of Congress in the World's Fair matter that it " suggests to the Christian's mind that if this may be done so may other needful measures. The Church is gaining power continually and its voice will be heard in the future much oftener than in the past." THE propriety of Sunday bicycle riding has be-come a matter for the decision of the courts in Con-necticut. The following special dispatch appears in the New York ,Sun from Bridgeport, Conn. :Š "At Fairfield to-day a case came before Justice ,john L. Morehouse, which not only interests thou-sands of wheelmen in Connecticut, but also will be watched closely by those who are in favor of en-forcing the old Blue Laws. On complaint of Grand Juror J. D. Toomey, a young crockery merchant of this city, whoirresides in Fairfield, was arrested charged with several offenses, one of them being ' that on July 17, the same day being the Sabbath and the Lord's day, the said Osborne did indulge in the vain sport and recreation of riding a certain ve-hicle known as a bicycle, greatly to the disturbance of the peace, and contrary to the statute in such cases made and provided.' " Osborne was riding from his store to his home when arrested. " Stratford residents are also interested in the suit, as the good and quiet old town has recently been invaded by a horse railway, over which cars are run on the Sabbath, greatly to the annoyance and disturbance of the remnants of previous gener-ations. Thousands of Bridgeport working men and their families patronize the line every Sunday, and wander for hours on the broad streets, which are shaded by magnificent elms. The Stratford au-thorities have succumbed to the influence brought to bear, until all the ice cream saloons, cigar stores, and drug stores have been closed on the Lord's day. " Yesterday one of the old-time residents, whose wife was seriously ill, tried unsuccessfully to induce a druggist to open his doors in order that a neces-sary dose of medicine might be obtained. As the applicant for drugs had been one of the foremost in compelling the druggist to 'take a rest on the Sab- bath, he was allowed to take one of the horrid horse cars to this city." THE Christian Union says of the proposed con-gressional appropriation for the World's Fair:Š It remains to be seen, however, whether the Fair Managers will accept the condition that goes with it. This condition consists of a proviso, introduced in the Senate, amusingly enough, by Senator Quay, of Pennsylvania, ordering that the Fair shall be absolutely closed on Sunday. The proviso of Sen-ator Peffer, of Kansas, that no intoxicating liquor should be sold within the Fair grounds, was de-feated in the Senate. It may fairly be considered a  matter of doubt whether it is the province of Con-gress to determine anything more than the eco-nomic expediency of such an appiŁOpriation. But if provisos are to be made, Senator Peffer's seems to us wiser and more conducive to good morals  than Senator Quay's. For, as the Christian Union  has all along contended, the effect of the absolute closing of the Fair on Sunday would be to swell the attendance upon, and profits of, the beer saloons, theaters, and vicious resorts of the city; while, with the machinery stopped and the commercial features and incidental attractions of the Fair closed, the grounds and art galleries might be open, even at a cheap price, with positive benefit to Sun-day visitors. This would be a compromise which the advocates of Sunday closing by act of Congress, have again and again declared they would trot accept, and, on the other hand, it would not meet the principle in-volved, namely, that of entire non-intervention in a religious matter. Whether he shall show his exhibit or not on Sun- day should be a matter of choice with each ex-hibitor, as it would be any other day of the week. And with those who attend, whether they do or not should be a matter of personal choice, and, properly, no legislation of any kind could interfere. The only pOsitive authority having jurisdiction would be the corporation representing the stock-holders and owners. THE little State of New Jersey seems anxious to make for itself a reputation in the strict enforce-ment of Sunday laws. A dispatch from Atlantic Highlands says:Š " Most of the people here are greatly incensed over an attempt to enforce the old Blue Laws of New Jersey. Last Saturday all the ice cream sa-loons, restaurants, news stands, barber shops, fruit stands, and cigar stores were ordered to close on Sunday. Even the butchers and fish dealers were requested not to open Sabbath morning, or to de-liver goods ordered the day before. "On Sunday most of the small dealers were closed, not a cigar sold to strangers. But one ice cream dealer adopted the New York liquor dealers' prac-tice, and kept his back door open. "All the drug stores were open, but sold no cigars, and scarcely any soda water. The news dealers were permitted to deliver papers to customers, but not to sell on the streets. "There are fifteen thousand people here, and this law does not please them. "Another ordinance passed by the mayor and com-missioners is that no Sunday bathing be allowed after 9 A. m. Last Sunday all but one of the bath-ing establishments were closed, and the hundreds who went down to this one place could not be ac-commodated. Many walked a mile and over along the beach to Neversink Park, where they could bathe, but had no bath houses to disrobe in." THE Washington Post under the title " District Blue Laws," has the following:Š Some of the queer old Blue Laws in the District of Columbia will soon receive a raking over in a memorial to Congress which is being prepared by Mr. Edward Ramsay. He said:Š "Another old law, with hoary and aged whitened whiskers, is one that makes it a crime in the Dis-trict of Columbia to deny belief in the Holy Trinity. The penalty provided is imprisonment without fine. I imagine that should this obsolete law be suddenly enforced, the Washington penal institutions would soon be overcrowded in a most alarming manner. While President of the United States, John Quincy Adams violated this law daily. You know he was a Unitarian, and attended that service every Sab-bath day." "The old Blue Law here in reference to the ob-servance of Sunday is also very strict. Under its operations should it be enforced, there would be no gas or electric lights on Sunday nights, no street cars running, newspapers circulated, nor drug stores open. For the first offense the penalty pro-vided is a heavy fine, and for each succeeding one imprisonment without fine. Like General Grant," concluded Mr. Ramsay, " I believe in enforcing these laws to the letter, and then their repeal would certainly be brought about. The law-makers themselves would suffer thereby, And they would quickly disappear from the statute books." Yet, notwithstanding, Congress hastens to pass " Blue Laws " for the World's Fair. JOHN GRIFFITH, Founder of the Han-kow Mission, Central ChinaŠBy Wil-liam Robson, of the London Missionary society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. JOHN BRIGHT, the Man of the People ŠBy Jesse Page, author of " Bishop Patter-son," " Samuel Crowther," etc. I2mo, 160) pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents..  ROBERT MOFFAT, the Missionary Hero of KurumanŠ'3y David J. Deane,, author of " Martin Luther, the Reformer,' etc. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. BISHOP PATTERSON, the Martyr of MelanesiaŠBy Jesse Page. 12mo, 160) pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. FAVORITE BIBLE STORIES FOR THE YOUNG ŠWith numerous illustrations. 16mo, handsonlely illuminated board covers, 50 cents. ; cloth extra, 75 cents. THE POCKET ATLAS OF THE WORLD ŠA comprehensive and popular series of maps, illustrating physical and political ge-ography, with geographical statistical notes, 54 double maps, cloth, $1. 00. JOHN WILLIAMS, the Martyr of Erro-m an gaŠBy Rev. J. J. Ellis. 12mo, 160 "pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. CRUDEN'S CONCORDANCEŠA diction ary, and alphabetical index to the Bible. Cloth, $1. 25. Sheep, $2. 50. WILLIAM CAREY, the Shoemaker who became a MissionaryŠBy Rev. J. B. Myers, Association Secretary Baptist Mission-ary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illus-trated, cloth extra, 75 cents. HENRY M, STANLEY, the African Ex-plorerŠBy Arther Montefiore, F. R. G. S. Brought down to 1889. 12mo. 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. JAMES CHALMERS, Missionary and Explorer of Raratonga and New GuineaŠBy Wm. Robson, of the London Missionary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. THOMAS J. COMBER, Missionary Pi-oneer to the CongoŠBy Rev. J. B. Myers, Association Secretary Baptist Mis-sionary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully il-lustrated, cloth extra, price, 75 cents. THE NEW BIBLE ATLAS AND GAZ-ETTEER, with 16 colored maps by W. and A. Keith Johnson, and a very elaborate gaz-etteer, giving information about nearly every place which is marked upon the maps, with scripture references. 4to, cloth, $1. 50. ROBERT MORRISON, the Pioneer of Chinese MissionsŠBy Wm. J. Town-send, Sec. Methodist New Connexion Mis-sionary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illus-trated, cloth extra, 75 cents. MEMOIRS OF EDWIN BAINBRIDGE.ŠThe subject of this memoir is the young English tourist who met his death at the dreadful volcanic eruption of Tarawera, New Zealand, on the 10th of June, 1886. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75c. GINN'S CLASSICAL ATLAS-4to, cloth, $2. 50. This work contains 23 colored maps, which were projected and executed by the late A. Keith Johnson, with a complete in-dex. 112DŠThe above named books will be sent post-paid on receipt of price. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY 12th & Castro Streets, 43 Bond Street, OAKLAND, CAL. Nnw_ YORK. 