14 AMIE IEE ECA N SIEN'IL'INIL4., VoL. '9. No. 2. NEW YORK, JANUARY 11,.1894. VW' ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered. the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. THE Washington, D. C., Evening Star, notes the fact that " Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts, of Pittsburg, has resigned his editorship in the Christian Statesman, located there, with a view to returning to the pastorate, or supervising a national bureau of reforms at Washington." THE Patriotic American, a new Amer-ican Protective Association paper, has been launched on the tempestuous sea of 'po-lemic journalism at Camden, N. J. It is published by the Patriotic Tract Society, and its editor is John H. Buckley. Judg-ing by the initial number, the Patriotic American is destined to wield consider-able influence wherever it circulates. So far as it shall do battle for correct princi-ples and upon correct principles we wish it success. THE Leroy Journal, of Leroy, Ill, prints the following item:Š A well-known Advent woman, residing in this vicinity, spent last Sunday sewing and doing other work which should have been done week-days instead of the desecration of the Sabbath of our Lord. Such a vile sin as this should not be tolerated in a Christian community. Were it not that the law of Illinois is more tolerant than the Leroy Journal and its paragraphers, it is evident that this dreadful " Advent woman " would soon be behind prison bars. ISAAC BAKER and Milton Bryan, the Seventh-day Adventists imprisoned in Queen Anne's County, Md., for Sunday work, were released on the 23rd ult. We were misinformed as to the release of Mr. Bryan at a previous date. The technical sentence was " until the fines and costs " should be paid. As neither the fines nor costs were paid a formal order of release was necessary; and as no judge could be found to sign it, they remained in jail more than the usual thirty days required in such cases. MORE than eighteen hundred years ago the divine Saviour of men, in foretelling the signs that should precede the close of human probation and his second coming, said (Luke 21 : 25, 26) that there should be "upon the earth distress of nations, with perplexity; the sea and the waves roaring; men's hearts failing them for fear, and for looking after those things which are coming on the earth." Have not these words been remarkably fulfilled during the year just closed by almost in-numerable disasters on sea and land, and by world wide financial disaster without  any adequate or assignable cause ? And is not the following extract from the New York World, of January 4, a most signifi-cant commentary upon the latter part of the text quoted ? Europe is restless and apprehensive. It is not the shadow of the man on horseback nor the quarrels of the nations " snarling at each other's heels" that worry England and fill the continent with dread. It is something  mysterious, deadly, threatening, that causes the great powers to forget for a moment their jeal-ousies and rivalries and to unite in a great crusade against the stealthy foe that threatens the very groundwork of modern society. The drilling of great armies is checked for a time, while the police search nook and corner for the hidden bomb. The word of the Lord is: " Behold the fig-tree, and all the trees; when they now shoot forth, ye see and know of your own selves that summer is now nigh at hand. Sb likewise ye, when ye see these things come to pass, know ye that the kingdom of God is nigh at hand. Verily I say unto you, This generation shall not pass away, till all be fulfilled." Shall we not heed the warning ? THE Independent, of this city, has this concerning the persecution of Adventists in Maryland :Š The  Signs of the Times, a Seventh-day Adventist paper, wants to know what we think of the fact that three men should now be lying in jail, in the Common-wealth of Maryland for "doing bodily labor on Sun-day" in obedience to the dictates of their own con-science and their religious faithŠone of them having been discovered plowing in his own field, a second setting out tomato plants in his own garden, and a third chopping  wood at his own door. We answer that if it be true, as our contemporary tells us, that these were men who conscientiously observed the seventh day as their Sabbath, and who, in doing this work, disturbed nobody else, and were discovered at it only by persons spying out for the purpose of inqui-sition, then it is an outrageous injustice, an offense against freedom of worship, and ought not to be al-lowed by the laws of a reputable State. This is well as far as it goes; but why must one be conscientious before being permitted to labor on -Sunday ? Why prohibit voluntary labor .on. Sunday more than on other days ? If the day must be recognized by the law as differing from other days, why put it on a basis different from Thanksgiving day, Christmas, or the Fourth of July? These are in law simply dies non. This is as far as civil authority has any right to go; and it is as far as civil rights demand that it shall go. No-body demands that before one be permitted to work on the Fourth of July he shall have patriotically observed another day. No legislature would think of enacting a law that everybody must feast upon Thanksgiving, except such as shall be able to prove that they have eaten turkey and cranberry sauce the. previous day. Nobody ever heard of a law requiring everybody to make gifts on Christmas, except such as have given , each of their children a present upon their respective birthdays. In short, no holiday except Sunday is hedged about with statutes for-bidding labor or amusement; and the only possible reason why Sunday should be an  exception is its religious character, and the mistaken and mischievous notion that it is the duty of civil government to legis-late in behalf of ecclesiastical institutions. The whole idea is radically wrong and pernicious. ABLEGATE SATOLLI has declared that " what Rome has done for other countries she will do for the United States." Not a bit of doubt of it; it is just what we have dreaded all the while; but it does seem to be inevitable. Spain, Italy, and Mexico, are awful examples of what Rome has done for other countries; and now she pledges herself to do the same here! And yet the people will not be aroused to their danger; and men calling themselves Prot-estants gladly join hands with papists in their iniquitous work ! Those "Catholic Mirror" Articles. WE have made an effort to obtain a supply of the numbers of the Catholic Mirror in which the articles on the " Christian Sabbath," recently republished by us, appeared, but are informed that the desired numbers have been entirely exhausted. The Mirror has, however, issued the same matter in pamphlet form, 36 pages, price, ten cents. We have se-cured a supply of these pamphlets, and are prepared to fill orders at the publish- ers' price. If you want this pamphlet, order soon, as probably only a small edi-tion has been printed. The price is some-what high, but the articles are valuable, as setting forth, authoritatively, the posi-tion of the Catholic Church on the Sabbath question. Bound Volumes of the "Sentinel" for 1893. A LIMITED number of volumes of the AMERICAN SENTINEL for 1893 have been bound and are now ready. Orders will be filled as received. If you want a volume please to order at once. The prices are the same as last year, namely, $1.50 for manilla covers, and $2.50 for cloth with leather backs and corners. THE index to Volume VIII of the AMERICAN SENTINEL has been printed and will be sent free to any one requesting it. ANY old subscriber sending us four dollars with four new names, will receive one year's credit on his own subscription. Any person sending us five new sub-scribers and four dollars before April 1, 1894 will receive as a premium one copy of that invaluable little work, " Steps to Christ." AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per year, - - 903 25 to 99 " " _ 100 to 249 " " " " 44 - 75c " 250 to 499 " " " " " - - - 70c 500 to 999 " " " " - - 65c " 1000 or more " " " " - - - 60c To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 