2g4 VoL. No. 36. law, covers every duty of man which can pertain to things religious, and leaves no room for human legislation in the matter; and when men do legislate in such a case, their work cannot be other than superfluous and mis-chievous. This is the trouble with legislation touching the, divine institution of the Sabbath. God has marked out the duty and the privilege of all men with regard to a weekly day of rest, and there is nothing that need be added to his words. They indicate the best and wisest courie for every man that it is possible to take. The Sabbath was made for man. It is exactly adapted to his nature and his wants. That men should rest on the seventh day, making the other six days of the week work-ing days, as God's law directs, is just what is suited to their highest welfare. And that is every man's duty before God. It is not surprising, therefore, that human legislation upon the Sabbath institution, or which touches any of those obligations covered by the Sabbath, fails, as it does, to work sat-isfactorily. It can never succeed in accom-plishing the end sought, for no human project can successfully invade the realm of the pur-pose and wisdom of God. THE CATHOLICS SEE IT. PROTESTANTISM stands silent before Rome. The former must either disavow what has been done in her name, or surrender to Rome the fortress of consistency, without which success-ful warfare cannot be waged. When ProtestantismŠas represented by the vast majority who disavow allegiance to Rome Šwould lift her voice against Romish tradi-tion and in favor of the Bible only as the rule of faith, Rome has but to ask, Why, then, do you keep Sunday? And there being no Scrip-ture in support of it, they can give Rome no reasonable reply. And now Rome asks another question. Cer-tain prominent Protestants in America have been complaining because their brethren in the faith in Ecuador and some other Catholic countries of South America were oppressed on account of their religion. They made this complaint to the highest Roman Catholic offi- cial here, and through him to the pope, ask-ing that the latter exercise his sovereign au- thority to secure for those Protestants religious freedom. Of course, the popeŠif the petition ever came before himŠeasily found a way to disclaim any responsibility in the matter, and the credulous Protestants who expected him to raise' his voice against the long-standing poliby and practice of the papacy, in every country where she has ruled, obtained no defi-nite reply. But this was not the end of it. The Pilot (Boston))  the leading Catholic jour-nal of New England, in its issue of August 10, takes up the subject and speaks as fol-lows :Š The Pilot is most assuredly in favor of religious freedom everywhere. . . . It is against intoler-ance in every form and every country; and if Mr. Lee [chairman of the committee that petitioned the pope] and his co-workers will extend their crusade so as to cover religious proscription in every latitude and lon-gitude, they will find no more zealous supporter than the Pilot. But what about a country called the United States of America, where Jews and Seventh-day Baptists are punished by fine and imprisonment at hard labor, even in the chain-gang, if they do not keep holy a day which their Bible and their religion tells them is not to be so honored ? We have not much admiration for the second of these classes; for, in truth they are the narrowest of all the narrow bigots we know; but that does not affect their right to reli-gious liberty; and the beauty of their case is that it is not necessary to ask an American cardinal to ask an Italian cardinal to ask the pope of Rome to ask the president of a foreign republic to rectify the wrong. All that Mr. Lee and his brethren have to do is to ask  the Congress of our own United States to enforce that clause of the Constitution which forbids any discrim-ination against religious liberty. What will Protestants of the United States say to this? Will 'they disavow and condemn the evil thing and use their influence to have it stopped? If so, what means the ever-in-creasing agitation in Protestant circles every-where for the passing and enforcing of Sunday laws? But if they do not, they will by their silence justify the papacy in every step of her long, dark career of oppression for conscience' sake. A SENSIBLE MAGISTRATE. Fibre and Fabric, a Boston industrial jour-nal, publishes the following:Š NEW YORK, JULY 29.ŠJoseph Leibertz, who lives in a neat little cottage at No. 1020 Prospect Ave., was raking the flower beds in his ,front' yard on Sunday afternoon when policeman MCarthy, of the Morrisania station, came along and told him he was violating the Sunday law and he must stop. Leibertz refused and was placed under arrest. He spent an hour in a cell before he was released on bail. When he was arraigned in the Morrisania Court to-day and McCarthy had explained how industriously Leibertz was raking when he captured him, Magis-trate Crane turned to the policeman and asked: "Is that all the prisoner was doing ?" " Yes, sir," McCarthy replied. "Do you consider that a crime ?" " It is a violation of the law," said McCarthy. " The prisoner is discharged," said the magistrate, and turning to the policeman, he added : " Try and use a little better judgment the next time you come before me." Had Joseph Leibertz been an Adventist, and had he lived in Tennessee, Maryland, or Georgia, he would not have escaped in any such way. An Adventist in Rhea County, Tenn., has only just been discharged from the chain-gang for lifting a wheelbarrow over a fence on Sunday. Ł 1. ASHAMED TO APPEAL TO THE SWORD. BY J. MC A1TOY. " FOR I was ashamed to require a band of soldiers and horsemen to help up against the enemy in the way: because we had spoken unto the king, saying, The hand of our God is upon all them for good that seek him; but his power and his wrath is against all them that forsake him." Ezra 8: 22. Every servant of God ought to be ashamed to appeal to the State for force to help for-ward God's work, for doing so reveals a lack of faith in God. But the Christian Endeavor Society and the Young Men's Christian Asso-ciation, whose motto is, "Scotland for Christ," and who seem to consider enforced idleness on Sunday the acme of perfection in Christian reform, are not ashamed to appeal to the secular power. Nor are they ashamed to hunt through the statute books of the Dark Ages in search of laws to enforce the Sunday dogma; thus they are going to the origin of this relic of paganism and picking up its old crutches by which it came among us. The name and character of these laws reveal their origin and purpose. The usual title is, " An act for the better observance of the Lord's day." But the Lord's day is a " holy day " and to be " kept holy," therefore a law for the better observance of it must enter the heart of each one and make him more holy. And as human laws are powerless to do this, they are therefore powerless to make any one keep the Lord's day better; so their title is deceptive. Sadly ignorant of the nature of the Lord's day must the man be, who talks of  a law, the only power back of which is the carnal sword, making men keep it. The fact that there are twenty-four of these laws on the English statute books, and an increasing demand for more, is proof of their worthlessness. One after another is-passed so that the existing ones can be enforced, just as men make resolutions and break them and then make more resolutions binding them-selves to keep the first ones. But these laws are not only false and worth-less, they are wicked, because they imply that idleness is Sabbath-keeping, or that an out-ward compliance for fear of punishment, is obeying God; thus putting a premium on hypocrisy. But worthless and 'wicked as they undoubtedly are, the world-wide mania for their enforcement is lauded by many as Chris-tian zeal. I attended a meeting of a society recently at which the work of Dr. Parkhurst in Amer-ica was highly praised and considered worthy of emulation. This society has laid a petition before the local authorities declaring ice-cream shops open on Sunday to be " a violation of the ancient and divinely instituted sanctity of the Sabbath," and calling on the officers to use their power to close them. Well might those men be ashamed to stand with their Bibles in their hands and talk of an old law of the Dark Ages enabling them to stop irre-ligious Italian ice-cream venders from violating the divine sanctity of the Sabbath. Talk of the Dark Ages when men s bodies were tortured for the good of their souls! but if men in an age of light, and with the Bible, the source of light, in their hands, return to theories of the Dark Ages, are they not ten times more culpable than the inquisitors of old ? Nevertheless the horizon is dark with storm clouds. Persecution is brewing. Loss of property, imprisonment, and the chain-gang are only faint mutterings of the coming storm. But whither shall we flee, since the virgin of liberty is run to earth in her last retreat by the bloodhounds of error; bigotry, and perse-cution ? The old song of " The land of the free and the home of the brave," which in-spired hope and courage in the heaving breasts of our oppressed forefathers, must fall as ironical mockery on the ears of him who is one of a convict squad because he regarded the majesty of God's law above the majesty of American law. Can he who is wrested from a happy home and tender offspring and driven with common criminals because he dared to obey God and his own conscience, sing, Time's noblest offspring is the last ? Noble offspring, indeed. But alas! with foster parents dead, the victim of bad guar-dians. Two men once lived in this world; one called Cain and the other Abel. They were both religious, but Cain instituted his own ceremony and Abel accepted God's. This displeased Cain, who was the elder, the ma-jority, as it were; he " talked with Abel," and as Abel was fully decided to obey God rather than Cain, not being able to obey both, Cain killed him. " And wherefore slew he him ? Because his own works were evil and his brother's righteous." But God was not pleased with Cain, and he is the same God still; and God's institution or man's institu-tion, the issue between Cain and Abel, is the burning issue of the present day. Storm clouds may rise to obscure the " Sun of righteousness," but to them who fear God rather than men, will he " arise with healing in his wings." Maybole, Scotland. 