470 AMEI-Z1CAN SENTINEL. The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. WAD y one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Post-office.) The Powerful Law. THE law of God is a law not only of prohibitions, but of power. It not only commands, Thou shalt not, but is an expression of the power of God for righteousness, to which power man has access through the gospel. In this the law of God is as superior to the law of man as heaven is superior to earth. To the Jews, speaking of the laying down of his life, Jesus said, "[ have power to lay it down, and I have power to take it up again. This commandment have I received of my Father." John 10:18. And all the com-mandments of God are expressions of his power. It is a common idea that the commandments of God are the expression or measure of our power toward God Šthat by exerting our utmost endeavors we will be able to comply with the law, and therefore God requires it of us. But this is as far as possible from the truth. The commandments are the measure of God's power toward us, even in our sins. Hopeless indeed would the sinner's case be but for this. The deeds of the law are infinitely beyond our human endeavors, but God has destined us for a station infi-nitely beyond that of fallen, erring humanity. Seen through the gospel, the law speaks to us of a power infi-nitely beyond our own, to lift us up from the plane of human frailty. "Thanks be unto God for his unspeaka-ble gift!" And this is why it is that "The law of the Lord is perfect, converting the soul," and is seen in the motions of sun, moon, and stars, as described in the nineteenth Psalm; for in them all is the manifestation of his power. This is why the believer is "not under the law." Having exercised faith in Jesus Christ, the law of GodŠthe power of GodŠis within him. He is not under the law, nor is he above it; but it is within him as his life is within him; for it is the life of God that is the power of God. He is not under the law, but "under grace." But not so of the law of man. That can only supply man with the knowledge of its requirements; but in the domain of morality, knowledge is not power. And thus it is only the worst foolishness for the legis- latures of 'earth to think of reenacting the law of God, or of attaching penalties to the commands of that law. No law of man was ever perfect, or ever converted a soul. The law of man is effective only in giving men free-dom in the exercise of their natural rights. There Are Quiet Revolutions, As Well As Violent Ones. UNDER the false impression that revolutions can be accomplished only by violence and visible upheaval, the-American people are in great danger of passing through a revolution and of finding themselves in the clutches of a new and strange power before they realize that any such thing is going on at all. It should not be forgotten by any member of the American Republic that the Roinan Republic passed through the despotism of two triumvirates, the second far worse than the first, each ending in the despotism of one man; and then passed into the "furious and crushing despotism" of the Roman monarchy; all in the name of the Republic. All this occurred inside of forty years, be-fore the eyes of all the people, while they were pleasing themselves with the fancy and the name that they were still a republic. Even when Augustus had become emperor this fiction was played by him before the eyes of the people; and the people were pleased with it. For, as Gibbon most point-edly remarks, ''Augustus was sensible that mankind is governed by names; nor was he deceived in his expecta-tion that the Senate and people would submit to slavery, provided they were respectfully assured that they still enjoyed their ancient freedom." Upon this safe assump-tion he accordingly deceived "the people by an image of civil liberty, and the armies by an image of civil govern-ment." He was eminently successful, and both people and armies congratulated themselves upon the great-ness, and the new and wonderful career, of the Roman Republic. With these facts in mind the following extract from,  the speech of Ex-Attorney-General Harmon, to the Ohio Bat: Association at Put-in-Bay, Ohio, July 12, are in-tensely suggestive to citizens of the American Republic:Š "Mere expansion is not growth. It is only swelling. We may push across the seas, but we cannot grow theie. Elephantiasis is not an unknown form of national mal-ady, and has always proved fatal. There are still chap-ters of English history to be written. "We should have to change both the name and the nature of our nation to admit any State out of America, especially if it be populated by alien races. Few, if any, are now bold enough to advocate this. To get dominion over strange peoples for the mere purpose of governing them, not admitting them as equals in a family of States, stretching into permanency for that purpose a power meant to be temporary and occasional only and for that reason left unrestricted, is rightly called an imperial pol-icy. It would belie and discredit the Declaration of Inde-pendence, and convict us of hypocrisy. We cannot under 