44 A_MMIE-EICAN gENfrinkmEnr,. -VOL. 9, No. 6. ness of God. For Christ is the end of the law for righteousness to every one that believeth." Rom. 8: 35-39; 10 : 3, 4. Religion is the power of God unto sal-vation, the supreme spirit of love, and is superior to all written instruments; and so let it remain. Christ's gospel was a proclamation of absolute liberty. Come every one that will. Choose ye. But the perfect freedom to accept exists alone upon the same freedom to reject. There-fore the wisdom of the framers of our great Constitution should be commended, declaring that " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of re-ligion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof ; " showing conclusively that no State could give or force its citizens to receive its prescribed religion under pen-alty of imprisonment, with even the shadow of justice or of liberty of con-science. Why do the heathen Romans rage and their people imagine a vain thing ?ŠThat Americans will become papal slaves, without liberty of conscience, or freedom of worship. Proclaim anew the law of liberty throughout the land !ŠWelcome Tidings. The Cloven Hoof of the "Sabbath" Satan. [The following article from the Truth Seeker is recommended to the careful consideration of the Boston Investigator and of Dr. Westbrook, late presi-dent of the American Secular Union. The " liberals " of the country are evidently getting their eyes open to the sophistry of the " civil Sabbath " plea. In this article the Truth Seeker errs only in applying the name "Christian" to things essentially antichristian. There are, properly speaking, no " Christian persecu-tors ; " and Sunday, instead of being Christian, is essentially pagan and papal.] TuosE who have kept themselves in-formed on the Sunday observance question know that nearly all the leaders in the movement are very restive when it is charged that they wish to compel the peo-ple to observe Sunday as a holy day. They make it their business to declaim against the union of Church and State and they are sharp enough to see that they will lay themselves open to the accusation of favoring such union if they advocate Sunday laws in the name of religion. They have invented several specious catch-words with which to deceive such of the people as might dangerously antagonize them should they frankly avow their pur-pose to make Christianity the State reli-gion. They talk glibly and delusively of a " civil " Sabbath which shall be enforced in order to allow everybody (except preachers, church organists, sextons, ushers, choirs, et al.) to " rest " on Sun-day, and they vary this siren's song with considerable illogical and nauseating talk about the " morality " of Sunday rever-ence. But this pious pretense cannot be kept up all the time; not all the Sun-day worshipers can be induced to talk discreetlyŠsome will persist in making " unguarded statements " and thereby getting the whole Sabbatarian happy fam-ily into hot water. The latest to do this are some Boston clergymen, who have assembled themselves together and adopted these resolutions We, the Congregational, Baptist, and Methodist ministers of Boston and vicinity, assembled in our Monday meeting, October 2, 1893, cordially unite with the Massachusetts Sunday Protective League in the following expression ;Š In view of the deplorable increase in the issue of Sunday newspapers in Boston, we are constrained to mew our earnest protest against the Sunday news- paper, and our strong condemnation of it, as one of the chief agencies of evil in hindering our work. Because it preoccupies the minds of its readers on the Lord's day with secular things, from the contem-plation of which the higher needs of human nature and the beneficent divine requirement prompt man then to rest; Because it thus beguiles its readers to neglect and exclude from their thought those religious consider-ations on which all right character depends; Because it thus indisposes its readers for public wor-ship in the house of God, disqualifies them for it, and detains them from it to a degree that is rapidly chang-ing the habits of large sections of our population, far and near; Because in thus becoming a main instrument in breaking down the habit of public worship in our land it weakens the religious restraints which are indis-pensable to the stability of society, and thus becomes a foe to good order and a menace to our civilization. We look with the deepest sorrow upon the unscru-pulous and unpatriotic greed, and the inhumanity, exhibited in the publication, distribution, and sale of the Sunday newspaper, trespassing upon the civic rest day of large numbers of railroad em-ployes, newsdealers, and especially youthful car-riers; and in view of the hearing now in progress before the railroad commissioners of this State in regard to special Sunday newspaper trains, we re-spectfully represent to that honorable board that it seems to us against public policy to grant special favor to any one line of business on Sunday. Now, here are five reasons why these clergymen are opposed to the Sunday newspaper. Four of these reasons relate entirely to the religious aspects of the matter and only one bears upon the " rest " question. Then which is of the most im-portance in the eyes of the clergymen, and, consequently, which will most influ-ence their actions in the attempt to secure the suppression by law of these papers, the religious or the secular relations of the problem ? Is it not perfectly plain that the Sunday law advocates are working in the interest of religion, that they want to enforce the observance of Sunday because such observance will, in their opinion, advance the cause of religion, and that their talk about securing a day of " rest " for helpless workingmen is the sheerest humbuggery ? No foe of the Sunday tyranny could have more clearly and suc-cinctly stated the case for the opponents of Sunday laws than have these ministers in the foregoing resolutions, especially in the third and fourth. They are opposed to the Sunday paper, as they are to 'Sun-day amusements and Sunday work, pri-marily and chiefly because such publica-tions, recreations, and labor interfere with their work on their particular work-day. All these secular agencies help to curtail their influence and authority in the com-munity and lessen their means of liveli-hood. In the last resolution an "anchor is cast to windward; " a saving clause in regard to the "civil rest day of large numbers of railroad employes, newsdealers, and es-pecially youthful carriers," is introduced, but it is evidently very much of an after-thought, a secondary consideration which it was necessary to recognize somewhere in order to draw, if possible, some support from the so-called laboring classes. But labor is benefited, not injured, by the Sunday paper. There are always more men than there are places, and there can be no doubt that where superstition does not dominate, a sufficient number can be found who will gladly do this Sunday work, thus giving the " week-day " em-ployes a chance to rest. As for the youthful carriers," meaning, without doubt, the newsboys, the Sunday paper is an immense assistance to them. Suppose that a daily journal issues one hundred thousand copies of its Sunday edition, which sells for five cents per copy, and that the newsboys get one and one-half  cents of each five paid by the reader. This gives the boys fifteen hundred dollar s in wages each Sunday for the one paper of one hundred thousand circulation. Then a good portion of the remaining three and a half cents finds its way into the workingmen's pockets, being distrib-uted in the composing room, stereotyping room, press room, paper mill, ink manu-factory, and various other places. Of course much of this, in the absence of the Sunday paper, would have been drawn into the coffers of the church, but we cannot afford to weep with the ministers because of this diversion. . . . The daily newspaper proprietors are often cowardly and mean, loudly defending their own right to engage in business on Sunday, but joining with the Christian persecutors in hounding men engaged in less popular enterprises who try to earn a dollar on that day. But actions are more important than words, and hence the ex-ample of the Sunday papers is one making for the widening of the bounds of free and just action, spite of their verbal lapses at times. The clergymen are right in their denun-ciation of the granting of special favors to one line of business, therefore we can never consent to give the preachers, . . . a monopoly of Sunday. Let them take their chances with men and women engaged in all other occupations. Let each person select his or her own rest days and rest weeks and rest months and rest years. The hand of the Church must be kept off the helm of State. The priests must not be permitted to subvert and degrade justice in the name of physiology. We thank the Boston ministers for letting in the light of day upon the sinister de-signs of their junto. It is not the rest-day but the " Christian" Sunday for which they clamor and scheme. We know what they want and where they are. We shall have only ourselves to blame if we are ultimately beaten. The Maryland Court of Appeals on Sunday Laws. THE following from the Baltimore American of January 24, tells the story of the Judefind case, appealed from Kent County :Š January 23, the Court of Appeals handed down a number of important opinions, The first was the now celebrated Kent County Seventh-day Adventist case, the opinion being written by Judge Boyd. John W. Judefind, a Kent County farmer who had embraced the Seventh-day Adventist faith, was arrested for husking corn on Sunday. He was fined $5 by a mag-istrate, appealed to the Circuit Court, was tried before the court, convicted and fined $5. He brought his case before the Court of Appeals by petition in the nature of a writ of error. First. That section 247 of article 27 of the code is void, because it is in violation of the first paragraph of the fourteenth article of the Constitution of the United States. Second. That said statute is void because it is in violation of article 36 of the Bill of Rights of the constitution of Mary-land. Third. That the Circuit Court for Kent County had no jurisdiction to try and convict traverser, since the justice of the peace had no jurisdiction; because the warrant charged no offense under the statute, as it failed to set forth that the husking of corn on Sun-day was not a work of necessity or charity; because the warrant was issued and served on Sunday; because the bond of the traverser is void, because it charges "Sabbath-breaking," and no such offense is known to the laws of this State. The attorney general moved to quash the writ of error, on the ground that no writ of error lies to this court from the decision of the Circuit Court on an appeal to it from the judgment of a jus-tice of the peace. That motion, says the court, must prevail. If the petitioner wanted to try the constitutionality of the law he should have applied for the writ of certiorari upon that specific ground, and this court could then have reviewed the case. Alleged defects in 