38 1Ł14E AMERICAN SENTINRL. A Lawyer's Opinion. THE Washington Post, of January 12, has the following sensible communication from a prominent lawyer of that city. We commend it to the careful considera-tion of our readers :Š "The Post of January 6, 1890, published a dispatch from London, of the date of January 5, which says :Š The Rome correspondent of the Pall Mall Gazette has had a remarkable interview with Monsignor Satelli, which reveals a mental grasp on the part of the prelate, fairly noteworthy. The whole report is a gem, but this is perhaps the best thing : "All our bishops in the United States," says Satelli, "are treated as sovereign princes, and Archbishop Ireland is the personal friend of Harrison. As a Democrat, he belongs to his party. He told Harrison that un-less he would pledge himself to make concessions to the Catholic schools, all the Catholics would with-dfaw their votes from him. So he was obliged to do so. The public corporations, too, are only too glad to fulfil the wishes of our bishops, even before they are expressed. "I think there must be some mistake about this; but the charge is one of such grave significance that President Harrison owes it to himself, and to the country at large, to stamp it with a prompt denial. " Our Government is purely secular in. its character and purposes. It is vested with no ecclesiastical power whatever. It has no right, nor any constitutional power, to appropriate a single dollar for the sup-port of Catholic or of Protestant schools, or schools of any religious denomination, nor to legislate, in any way, for or against any religious sect, Ł or on the subject of religion. Every Catholic in the  land is entitled to the same consideration, the same protection, the same benefits and advantages as the Protestant, the Jew, the Mohammedan, and the infidel, and no more ;, all are entitled to the same consid-eration and the same protection. " Our Government is not a Christian nor an anti-Christian Government; nor in any sense an ecclesiastical Government, but purely secular; it is designed for the bene-fit and protection of all classes of menŠmen of all religions, and men of no re-ligion. " On the other hand, the Papal Govern-ment, so called, is purely an ecclesiastical organization, and is invested with no civil powers. There may be some points of agreement, and contact between the Papal hierarchy and the several Governments of Europe, for the reasbn that in-all the Gov-ernments of Europe there is, to some extent, a mingling of civil and ecclesiasti-cal powers. , But With our Government it is entirely different. Between the Papal hierarchy and the Government of the United States there is no point of contact or agreement ; nothing upon which the two can mutually and officially act. The one is spiritual, the other temporal. "And it is for that reason that there has never been any official representation of either at the court of the other during the  century of our existence as a nation. What would be thought of the Episcopal Church of England, or the Greek Church of Russia sending a minister plenipoten-tiary or ambassador to represent the in-terest of either at the Government of the United States ? And yet the papal author-ity is no more dominant in civil affairs in Italy than is the Episcopal Church in England, or the Greek Church in Russia. "It may be well to note in this connec-tion, the bill recently introduced in the House. of Representatives by Mr. Breckin-ridge, of Kentucky, "To prevent persons [in the District of Columbia] being forced to labor on Sunday." The title prefixed to this bill is a misnomer. It is not even pretended, either by the proVisions of the bill itself, or by its author, that any person in the District of Columbia has been com-pelled to labor on Sunday, at any time since the abolition of slavery therein. "This bill, if pasted, will be in direct violation of the Constitution of the United States, which declares that ' Congress shall make no law respecting the estab-lishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof.' " It is based upon the false and shabby pretense that mankind are by nature so fond of labor and so ambitious to work as to call for the restraint of law to save them from the consequences of overwork, while, in fact, it is designed by its authors as an entering wedge for a wide systelia of aggressive laws on religious subjects in derogation of the Constitution and of the civil rights and religious freedom of the citizen. " It is high time to sound the alarm, when a comparatively small, but influen-tial, and well-organized body of ambitious and unrestful Protestants, and backed by the Jesuits of the Catholic hierarchy, boldly and openly seek to change the char-acter, if not the form of our Government, from a purely secular to an ecclesiastical or priestly rule, which experience has proved to be, of all forms of government, the . most tyrannical, the most cruel, and the most oppressive. C. H. B." A Correspondent Who Is Anxious. A reader writes as follows, from Dassel, Minnesota :Š " EDITORS AMERICAN SENTINEL : I have been an interested reader of your val-uable little paper for some months, and feel to bid you God speed in your work, and hope you will soon be able to double the size of the SENTINEL. I have been so anxious about the Sunday move-ment, and fear so much to see the Blair Sunday bill become law, that I have de-termined, God being my helper, to try to warn the people of the impending' danger of Sunday and other religious laws. I am not a Seventh-day keeper." We sincerely wish that there were thou-sands of other people in this country who would become as anxious as that and act in this same way to relieve their anxiety. A New Boycott. GENERALLY speaking, absolute consis-tency in any human enterprise that is at all complex in its bearings is impossible; but the efforts of those persons who would compel the cessation of all work on Sun-day are rather unusually inconsistent. Consistency, while not essential (in fact it may often be a sign of weakness), is never-theless held to be a jewel; and inconsis-tency in extremis becomes absurdity. The attempted coercion of the people of the United States to observe a certain Sab-bath in a certain way, is absurd. The people of this Republic have at-tained to a certain degree of intellectual independence. Thinkers of great thoughts doubtless are rare, as they have ever been, but thinkers of practical thoughts have become exceedingly numerous; and the habit of social self-reliance, fostered by political freedom, has engendered a corresponding intellectual or mental self-reliance, which is freeing the race from superstition and moral bondage exactly as popular education frees it from literal ignorance. People no longer believe that kings have divine rightsŠat least the people of the United States do not. In fact, the Declara-tion of our Independence teaches us that all governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed. The Constitution of the United States recog-nizes no higher source of power than the "consent of the governed." That idea has permeated the social as well as the political fabric. The Church is a social institution, with spiritual jurisdiction over its members. That the ministers, pastors, or priests have any powers beyond those delegated by the consent of their congregations or flocks is not now generally believed; yet that assumption seems to be the "head and front" of the so-called Sabbatarian move-ment. . . . That a man should rest one day in every seven is not at all unreasonable. But to compel him by law to rest one day in seven, and to designate by law which of the seven shall be the day of rest for him and all other men, is a measure to which the "consent of the governed" can never be gained. It is arbitrary and un-reasonable, regarded from any but a sec-tarian 'standpoint. True, the command-ment enjoins: "Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy," etc. . . . But when they seek to impose upon unwilling fellow citizens such observance, they must of necessity show a higher source of authority than any named in the Constitution; and it is then that the inconsistencies of divers religious systems and the basiC discrepancies of denominational opinions become fatal weaknesses which stamp the acts of the Sabbatarians with the seal of absurdity.ŠPeublo (Col.) Sunday Opin-ion, 