AMERICAN SENTINEL. 757 day with the rest of the men. The manager said that would be all right. "So they did as they had agreed. But on Sunday morning, when they went to work, the rest of the men said, 'We wont let those Adventists work here anymore.' So they went to the manager and said: 'If you don't dis-charge those Adventists we will quit.' That meant he would not be able to fill his contract. So the Adventists were discharged. This comes pretty near being a boy-cott." Note the point in this proceeding. These other men ŠMethodists, Presbyterians, and EpiscopaliansŠwere perfectly willing the two Adventists should work on Sun-day, as they did themselves, provided they would also work on Saturday. But because the latter would not do this, the others said, 'If they wont work on their Sabbath they shall not work on ours. Out of their antagonism to the Adventist belief they suddenly developed a great re-gard for Sunday. This spirit is plainly not the Christian spirit; yet it associates itself with regard for Sunday. But where was it ever known to he associated with regard for the sev-enth-day Sabbath? 10- 41- -4 -4 Clerical Intermeddling in Civil Government. From "The Legal Sunday," by Jas. T. Ringgold. IN his profound and suggestive work on "The Study of Sociology," Mr. Herbert Spencer shows how necessary it is for any right and profitable thinking on public topics that the thinker should be altogether' free from bias or prejudice of any kind. He develops here and elsewhere the correct conception of human government or civil ad-ministration as a machine. Properly to determine the purposes to which the proposed machinery of government ought to be adapted, and then properly to construct and manage the machinery, requires the scientific cast of mind, that is to say, a mind which approaches the condi-tions to be dealt with, free from preconceptions, recalling impartially the experiences of the past, ready at any mo-ment to receive suggestions from the phenomena of the present. One of the most valuable chapters on "The Study of Sociology" is one dealing with "The Theological Bias," under the influence whereof the clerical intermed-dler always approaches a question of civil administra-tion, and which as Mr. Spencer shows, is utterly incom-patible with the scientific state of mind, and therefore renders it unthinkable that his ifitermeddling should be otherwise than hurtful. This theological bias causes the clerical intermeddler to take false and unscientific views of the purposes for which the governmental machinery should be designed, and also of the principles on which it should be con- structed and managed. Of the purposes for which it should be designed,. because he would have it regulate human conduct with the view to men's happiness in the next world, whereas its sole proper concern is to regulate that conduct in the way which will the least interfere with  the attainment of the greatest possible happiness by the greatest possible number of people in this world. Because he would have it applied to the greatest good of his own particular religious denomination, and its members, and its application to the greatest good of any one portion of the community is inconsistent with that purpose of the greatest good to the greatest number which is the true purpose of governmental machinery. Because he would have it "run" upon the assumption that the religion of his denomination is superior as a religion to all others, and to adopt such an assumption as this is to recognize and prefer one religion to another, to establish a union of church and state, all of which is inconsistent with the right purpose of civil government. But the theological bias is no less fatal to right and serviceable thinking about the principles upon which the machinery of government is based, than it is to right and profitable thinking about the purposes for which it should be designed, and with a view to which it should be managed. The government is a machine. Like all other machines, to be a good machine, it must be constructed on scientific principles. These principles require a.refer-ence to facts, not theories. One of the most important things to )3e considered in the construction of any ma-chine, is the materials of which it must be made, and the materials upon which it is to operate. Now scientific principles require that in the construction of our govern-mental machinery, we shall have regard to the facts of the materials of both kinds, and not to any theories con-cerning them. The scientific builder or alterer of a machine, studies these materials as they are, and gives no thought to the question of what they ought to be. He does not say to himself: "Here is material out of which I am to make a saw; the metal is very soft; but it ought to be hard, and so I will make the saw in such a manner that it will be a very good saw indeed, if the metal ever becomes hard.' He does not say: "Here are certain logs which I am to make a saw cut; the wood is very hard; but it ought to be soft; so I will make such a saw as will cut it easily enough if the wood should ever become soft." But the effect of ;the theological bias is to produce just this unsci-entific attitude of mind toward the construction and alteration of the machinery of government. The material out of which the machinery must be constructed, and that on which it must operate, is human nature. It is true that the business of the clergyman is with human nature. But the business of the geologist and the ana- lytical chemist may be alike with strata and ores and yet the training and profession of one would not qualify him to deal scientifically with the problems that lie within the domain of the other. It is easy enough to see how the training and profes-sion of a clergyman not only do not tend to qualify him, but, inevitably incapacitate him from taking a right view of the principles upon which the governmental machinery should be constructed. That training and profession necessarily and rightly commit him to a view of human 