AMERICAN SENTINEL. 765 end, and if their lives are spared, to once more set foot on the soil of their fathers, and build up shattered and broken down constitutions and obliterate entirely from their minds a place called the Philippine Islands. THERE are 100,000 people in the Sulu group. There are more than 1,500,000 Tagals. If it be wrong to in-terfere with slavery and polygamy in the Sulu Islands merely because such action will lead to war, although those institutions are in defiance of American laws, is it not far worse to attempt to deprive the Tagals of the right to self-government, although it is plain that this attempt is far more costly than a movement against the Sulus? This is the very point of the whole matter. It is a point which President Schurman apparently evades or ignores. Yet it is a point which is stirring up a good. many Americans to-day. The armies of the United States are being-  used to conquer the Tagala, while the sultan of Sulu with his Mohammedan empire of slavery and polygamy is officially acknowledged, and he receives pay as an American official.ŠBoston Adver-tiser. To all interested in carrying the gospel of Jesus Christ to the inhabitants of other lands and who desire to assist in supporting missionaries already placed and others who may engage in the work, the opportunity is given to make an offering to the Foreign Mission Board of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination. Such donations should be sent to the FOREIGN MIS-SION BOARD, 150 Nassau Street, New York. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write Names Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bane Drat on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind oft good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper mouey or coin is sent, register the letter. AM   1-i:RIC_A_N S Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom-promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. Single Copy, Per Year $1.0% 44 " Six months Ł .50. 44 Three months .25. ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York. ,, ,1717,'"111177-  ...,_. IL-  ""Pl"''11 ffiff t . Ł , ..., ...., :leo,  ; Ł .., ,.7' )1 41i, .J1 P-:';' -Ł Ł  on  Meals without Meat Have you stopped to think of the disease germs so often contained in meat? A great many people have done so and as a result are discarding its use altogether. Many more would do so if they knew how fully and completely the place of ALL flesh foods is supplied by the 400 dishes described in our new book, "A FRIEND IN THE KITCHEN." Just how simple, palatable, yet scientific, these recipes are can only be known by testing them, therefore we make the following  Examination Offer We will send a copy post-paid on ten days' approval. At the end of that time you can either purchase or return it, and in the latter case no questions will be asked. The book contains 136 pages, and is strongly bound in waterproof cloth. Price, 60 Cents. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO. OAKLAND, CAL. 39 Bond St., New York City 18 W. 5th St., Kansas City, Mo. Ł :ft' AL,- -..._ Ł Ł Ł-.mr. ,, 9- Ł.. Ł ' 1:c.' - TRADE EDITION, PRICE $1.50. "Desire of Ages." 11=11111Ł111111111M11111111111 IN answer to an urgent demand we have gotten out an edition of "Desire of Ages" without illustrations, in small compass, on light paper, for the convenient use of those who want to carry a copy with them when travel-ing. There is also a class who do not feel that they can afford to pay $3.50 for the beautiful subscription edi-tion. To all these this plain edition will appeal. It contains all the text of the subscription edition, including General and Scriptural Indexes and Appendix, but no illustrations except the frontispiece. THE TRADE EDITION is 5%x7% inches in size, and contains 1042 pages. PRICES: Cloth, - $1.50 Full leather, round corners, 2.00 PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York City 