748 AMERICAN SENTINEL. A CRUSADE for legislation to enforce the observance of Sunday has been started in California. A public meeting was called in Oakland for the purpose of organ-izing a permanent association, whose purpose shall be to besiege the legislature until such legislation as they demand in support of Sunday as a religious day shall be granted. It is by the clergy and church people, of ,course, that the movement is being pushed. * MAYOR Hoos, of Jersey City, who recently declared in favor of open theaters on Sunday, thereby brought upon himself such a storm of clerical indignation that his political friends have thought it necessary to come to his relief,Šone of them, a Democratic leader, giving out a statement in which he defends Sunday ball play-ing and sacred concerts. The mayor had previously ex-plained to the irate clergymen that his utterance in be-half of Sunday theatres was only meant to refer to Sunday "sac-red" concerts. SEVERAL members of the Reformed Presbyterian Church were put on trial before the Presbytery of New York, at Newburg, for voting at a political election. The Reformed Presbyterians advocate that the national Constitution should be amended so as to "recognize God," and thht moral obligations should be made com-pulsory upon all citizens by the law of the land. Until this shall be done they refuse to vote, on the ground that this would be an act of participation in a "godless" gov-ernment; but they urge that other people ought to vote these changes into existence, and after the Government shall have been thus modeled upon their ideas. the Re-formed PreSbyterians will be willing to take hold and run it. The trial resulted in the acquittal of the accused parties, owing to the absence of any positive proof that they had committed the offense charged against them. WHILE in Jerusalem on his recent tour, Emperor William delivered a discourse in the Church of the Nativ-ity, at the conclusion of which he took occasion to sharply reprove the assembled clergy of the various sects, for conduct which was at variance with the principles of the religion they professed. The Kaiser said:Š "During my visit to the holy places and to the Prot-estant and. Catholic institutions of Palestine I meet with  one disappointment after another. Here, in the Church of the Nativity, which ought to serve as an example of pious charity and pure Christian life, I meet the very reverse of charity and Christianity. "I am not surprised that Christianity remains un-popular in the Orient, and that Mohammedanism, with its fallacious teachings, still holds sway. How can it be otherwise when you clergymen are everlastingly quarrel-ling over dogmatic questions, neglecting to teach true Christian charity and a pure life in emulation of Jesus Christ?" While such reproof may have come with poor grace from the lips of the German autocrat, no one familiar with the facts to which the emperor alluded can doubt that it was well deserved. MR. KEELY, of motor fame, is dead. He was the inventor of the "Keely motor," which purported to be operated by a new and mysterious force, the nature of which for some reason could not be disclosed. He discovered this mysterious force about thirty years ago, and has been busy in utilizing it in a very practical way so far as his own interests were concerned, ever since. He found plenty of men with money who were waiting for the advent of a new motor which would revolutionize everything in the motor line previously made, and had little difficulty in getting the tidy sum of $100,000 subscribed with which to prosecute experi-ments. Mr. Keely constructed a model of his motor, which was exhibited onvarious occasions, but which he care-fully guarded from the inspection of mechanical experts. On these occasions he would take pains to enlighten his audience concerning the nature of his discovery, by talk-ing about "triune currents of a polar flow of force," the "reflex action of gravity," "chords of mass," and "sym-pathetic outreaches, of distance," in a way which implied that he was on familiar terms with these things. The charm worked, and many persons including even some of repute for scientific attainments, became convinced that Mr. Keely really had hold of some wonderful occult force which could be dragged fOrth from its hiding-place and put in harness for the benefit of mankind, if only sufficient funds were put at the inventor's disposal for that purpose. * A STOCK company was formed, in which a credulous public subscribed liberally, paying at times several hun-dred dollars a share. And when shares of stock were low, individuals whose confidence remained unshaken kept up the supply of funds; so that in all the sum of $500,000 was put into the inventor's hands between the date of his great discovery and that of his death. With this supply of cash at his disposal he managed to secure a fairly comfortable living. Meanwhile, as an evidence of good faith and of progress toward practical results, Mr. Keely occupied himself in manufacturing models of his motor; none of which however seemed exactly adapted 