  "If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, I Judge him not: for I Caine not to Judge the World, but to Save the World.'  VOLUME 9. NEW YORK, AUGUST 9, 1894. NUMBER 32.   American Sentinel. PUBLISHED 'WEEKLY By THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York PostŠOffice. ALONZO T. JONES, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, A F BALLENGER, - MULTITUDES of people in the United States are wondering and perplexed in beholding how widespread and how per-sistent is the spirit of violence and law-lessness throughout the land. To those, however, who have been care-fully considering public movements in the last two or three years, there is nothing to wonder at nor to be perplexed about in all this, or even more than this, that has appeared. INDEED, to those who have been care-fully studying the public movements of the last two or three years, this widespread spirit of violence and lawlessness has been expected; and now, instead of expecting it to end at the limits that it has reached, widespread though it be, it is expected to become universal. As a matter of fact, in these two or three years just passed, the Government of the United States has been surrendered to the principle of violence and lawless-ness. This being so, it is not at all to be wondered at that violence and lawlessness should prevail almost constantly through-out the land and should become universal. Instead of being anything strange, it is the most natural thing in the world. LET us recite the facts in the case: From 1888 till 1892 the combined churches, Pro-hibition party, and Woman's Christian Temperance Union, tried their best to get Congress and the whole Government of the United States to do what the leaders of the combination knew to be an uncon-stitutional thing, and which, being done, they have again declared to be unconsti-tutional; that is, to espouse the Sunday-Sabbath cause. As Congress did not r spond readily enough to suit them, they added threats to their " petitions " and their former efforts. These threats of the  combined " Protestant " religious element of the country, were to the effect that they pledged themselves and each other that they would never again vote for or sup-port for any office or position of trust any member of Congress, either senator or representative, who should refuse to do their bidding to pass the church-instituted provision closing the Columbian Exposi-tion on SundayŠthe " Christian Sabbath," the " Lord's Day," etc. EVERYBODY knows, or at least has had a chance to know, that Congress surren-dered to these threats and publicly adver-tised that it did not " dare " to do other-wise. And when an effort, based upon the Constitution, was made to have Con-gress undo its unconstitutional action and place itself and the Government once more in harmony with the Constitution, this same religious combination renewed their former threats and added to these such others as suited their purpose best. The result was that the congressional commit-tee that had the matter in charge, and that thus acted for the whole Congress, definitely excluded the Constitution from its consideration and deferred exclusively to the demands of that religious combina-tion. And we have the words of two of the committee to the effect that this was done because this church combine would do more mischief and damage to the Exposition if they did not have their own way than they or anybody else would if they did have their own willful, threaten-ing way. These words are worth setting down again. Here is the statement of Representative Reilly :Š The present agitation, if continued, can only result in injury to the Fair. Attempts to have the law re-pealed only result in stirring up animosity toward the Fair and creating antagonism on the part of the church people. They can do the Fair much harm if they decide to carry out the threats they have already made, and I think the friends of the Exposition who favor Sunday opening would act wisely in ceasing their efforts. And Representative George W. Houk wrote a letter on this subject to President Higinbotham, of the Exposition, which was printed in the Chicago Tribune, Feb-ruary 5, 1893. After stating his "delib-erate conviction that Congress was and is without any constitutional power or au-thority whatever to impose such a condi- tion upon the grant of the appropriation," he states the case thus :Š From the nature, extent and character of the oppo-sition, based as I think it is, upon an erroneous though conscientious sentiment, rather than upon a deliberate and rational judgment, it occurs to me that in case it were possible to have the existing law re-pealed, it might after all ultimately result in serious detriment to the final success of the Exposition. It is of the first importance, in my judgment, to the final success of the Exposition that there should be a harmonious cotiperation on the part of all the people of the United States in its support. If the present law requiring the gates to be closed Sundays to the public, should be repealed by a vote of a majority in both the House and Senate, which does not seem to me at all probable, and the act should receive the sanction of the President, which seems to be equally improbable, it is certain that the religious element of the country, through all its organizations, would be deeply offended and would array itself in antagonism to the Fair. It is not a question whether such a course would be reasonable or not; and, while such action might be regarded as an exhibition of religious fanaticism, most remarkable under the circumstances, it is nevertheless true that a large number of good, conscientious, Chris-tian people throughout the country, in their excited state of feeling upon this question, would be likely to pursue that course. I am in a position to have reliable information in regard to this matter, and although I firmly believe that the refusal to permit the Exposition to be opened to the public Sundays under the regulations I have suggested, will be a most deplorable mistake, I am also fully persuaded that the repeal of the existing law closing its gates would array the whole religious element of the United States (Protestant at least) against it. The question now to be decided by the management is, whether it is advisable further to urge a doubtful contest, upon a matter that is aggravating an already extensive and bitter hostility against Chicago and the Exposition, which even if ultimately successful, would be as likely to be fraught with disaster as benefit to the enterprise. Now, the Constitution of the United States is the only thing in existence that gives to any member of Congress, either senator or representative, any power or authority. He owes his very existence, as a member of that body, to the Consti-tution. The Constitution defines his powers and sets the limitations of the exercise thereof. This is his only legitimate guide. To take any other thing as his guide in legislation is to repudiate the Constitution and to put that other thing in its place, and is to rob the people of all the govern-mental authority which, by the very idea of a written constitution, they have re-tained in their own hands, and is to make this other thing the governing power ^ - EDITORS. ASSISTANT EDITOR. 