THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 163 Therefore, the Son of man is Lord of the seventh day. That conclusion is just as sound as these two statements of Scripture are, and the two statements of Scripture are as plain and positive on that sub- ject as any two statements ever can be made. Therefore, the Son of man is Lord of the seventh day. Taking this conclusion as the major in a second syllogism, we have this :Š The Son of man is Lord of the seventh day. That day of which he is Lord is the Lord's day. Therefore, the seventh day is the Lord's day. This logic is unquestionable ; this conclusion is as true as the Scripture itself. Therefore, just as surely as courts undertake the interpretation of any statute enforcing the observance of the Lord's day, and enter upon an inquiry as to what day is the Lord's day, they will, if logical, be brought face to face with the fact as demonstrated by the word of the Lord itself, that the seventh day, and not the first, is the Lord's day. But it will probably be said that the courts are not to enter on the interpretation of Scripture; they are to interpret the law as it is enacted and as it is written, mid that the law as it is enacted says that the first day of the week is the Lord's day, and that that it as far as the court can go. Suppose this be granted, then it puts the United States Government into a position where it establishes and enforces the observance of an institution as the Lord's which is not the Lord's, and which is directly contrary to the word of the Lord on the subject of the institution and its observance. One or the other of these alternatives, there-fore, the United States Government will be forced to adopt as surely as this bill, or any one like it, shall ever become a law. The Government will either have to be become the authoritative inter-preter of the Scripture for all citizens of the Government, or else it will have to put itself in the place of God and authoritatively declare that observances established by the State, and which the State chooses to call the Lord's, are the Lord's indeed, although the word of the Lord itself de-clares the contrary. Is the United States Govern-ment ready to take either of these positions ? Is the Congress of the United States ready to force the Government of the United States into a posi-tion where it will be compelled to take one or the other of these positions? The taking of either position by the Government of the United States would be nothing else than for this enlightened Nation, in this period of the nineteenth century, to assume the place, the power, and the preroga-tives of the Governments of the Middle Ages in enforcing the dogmas and the definitions of the theologians, and executing the arbitrary and despotic will of the church. Thus, from whatever point this subject of Sun-day laws may be viewed, it clearly appears that the only effect that it can ever have will be only evil, and that continually. Let Congress now and forever decidedly refuse to have anything to do with it in any way whatever. And let all the people, instead of sanctioning a movement to bring the national legislation down to the degraded level of that of the States on this subject, put forth every effort to bring the legislation of the States up to that place where it shall be limited, as the power of Congress is limited, by the decla-ration of the National Constitution, that they " shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." A. T. J. Christopher Ephraim's Tottering Morality. SOMEONE has favored us with a copy of the Home Record, a paper published at Leavenworth, Kansas, which contains an article that shows very clearly the spirit that actuates some of those who are zealous for a Sunday law. The article in question is by Mrs. H. F. Hartough. It purports to be the experience of an old lady with a young lady who was circulating the protest against re-ligious legislation. After a little introductory gossip about her son, Christopher Ephraim, who was a little wild, the old lady describes the visit of the young lady and her introduction of her business, and finally asks what the petition is. The story then proceeds in the old lady's language, as follows :Š " 'It is against establishing a religion in this country,' says she, that will make a man keep a proscribed Sabbath-day, or believe in things he cannot believe in. It is against recognizing God in the Con-stitution.' "That Sabbath business made me think of Christo-pher E. How he went to base-ball games and races on Sundays in summer-time, and hunting in winter time, an' it wasn't doing him any good. So I says, says I, ' I'm in favor of getting more of God an' the Sabbath in our Constitution ! It won't hurt our systems one bit. Now, my Christopher Ephraim is lettin' all the Sabbath get out of his con-stitution, an' he's failin', morally. His foundation is totterin', an' he'll fall, sure as fate, if there ain't some-thing done. I want a law passed,' says I, that'll compel people to keep the Sabbath-day just as much as to keep 'em from killin' folks.' " Whether they believe in it or not, eh ? ' says she, sneerin'. " Certainly,' says I. If a man believes in killin' would you let him murder your family, ma'am?' " That's quite a different matter,' says she. " No, 'tain't,' says I, getting warm. One's just as right as the t'other. It's no more right for my son to go to base-ball games on Sundays, an' horse-races, an' all such, than it is for him to steal or kill. No, ma'am ; I want a Sunday law an' want it enforced, an' if somebody or other don't believe in keepin' the law let 'em go where there ain't none. We don't want 'em here.' " She looked at me as if she felt sorry for me. She actually did. But I didn't mind her looks. I was think-ing about Christopher E., and how he was doomed to destruction if these things wa'nt put a stop to, an' I just went on : This land's getting too free,' says I, getting up and resumin' my dustin'. We've put the Bible out of the public school for fear of hurtin' some-body's feelings ; we've let the base-balls run for fear the workingmen wouldn't get exercise enough, an' now them freedom-lovin' folks want us to give up our Sunday. Pretty soon they'll come sneaking 'round an' petition Congress to compel the preachers to hunt texts out of the daily papers or the magazines instead of the Bible, for fear o' hurtin' their feelings. They ain't patriots, they're heathen infidels, an' the quicker we send 'em out o' this land the freer we'll be.' " This little story was of course written with an object, and that object was to prejudice people against those who oppose Sunday legislation and Church and State union. We propose to give a brief review of the portion which we have just copied, with the object of showing the real pur- pose of these Sunday workers. The first point that we notice is the idea that religious legislation will make men good. The old lady gives as a reason why she is in favor of recognizing God in the Constitution, that her Christopher Ephraim is "lettin' all the Sabbath out of his constitution, an' he's failin', morally. His foundation is a totterin', an' he'll fall, sure as fate, if there ain't something done." The idea seems to have obtained a firm foothold that men can be made moral by law; but there is not a law in the universe that can make man moral or religious. The moral law does not make man  moral, and will not prop up a "totterin'" moral-ity. God's own righteous law cannot make men righteous. The ten commandments only point out the unrighteousness of men, and drive them to Christ, whose righteousness may be imputed to them, and who, through their faith in him, will enable them to fulfill the righteousness of the law. When people talk about propping up tottering morality by civil enactments, they show their ig-norance of what morality is. Does the writer of that Story imagine that the enactment of the Sun-day law, and the recognition of God in the Con-stitution, will keep man from falling ?ŠIt seems so, and that is a regular National Reform idea; for in the Christian Nation of December 5, 1888, the Rev. N. M. Johnston tells of the time when Christ's "gospel will prevail, and wickedness be suppressed by law." In a speech in Monmouth, Ill., September 29, 1884, reported in the Christian Statesman of November 6, of the same year, M. A. Gault said :Š "This movement includes the triumph of every moral reform. Every true reform is simply an effort to get back to some one of the ten commandments. If that law was taken as a standard of religion, and if public sentiment were lifted up to that standard, it would do away with stealing, intemperance, profanity, Sabbath desecration, licentiousness, murder, and every evil that now vexes society. So we do not flatter ourselves when we say that the glorious mil-lennial day will be ushered in by the triumph of this movement." This shows just how much knowledge these National Reformers have of what sin is. They are going to suppress Sabbath-breaking, murder, licentiousness, etc., by law; but the truth is that very often the most vicious are those of whom the law cannot take any notice, because their vicious-ness is concealed in their own hearts. When a man commits a murder, the law can punish him, but it cannot prevent him from committing the murder. For instance, here is a man that has re-ceived some injury at the hands of another. He broods over the wrong, and cherishes anger and hatred until his revengeful feelings assume en-tire control of him, and he resolves to murder the object of his hatred. He fixes on the time when he will carry his murderous designs into effect, secretes himself at the place where he expects the man to pass, has his knife all in readiness to give the fatal blow, but his intended victim passes by another way where he cannot reach him without exposing himself, and so his plan is frustrated. Is lie any less a murderer than though he had carried his design into effect? If he should die that moment, would God hold him any less guiltless than though he had killed the man ? No; for the Bible declares that whosoever hateth his brother is a murderer. Yet not another soul on earth has known of this man's murderous in-tentions. Then how would it be possible to sup-press murder by law? Take the case of Sabbath-breaking. It is not simply the abstaining from labor on that day that constitutes Sabbath-keeping. Through the prophet Isaiah, the Lord says that to honor him by keeping his Sabbath, men must not do their own ways nor find their own pleasure, nor speak their own words. Now the minions of the Inqui-sition cannot keep such persistent watch over men as to know every word they speak, and does any-one suppose that the thoughts can be prevented from running riot even in the house of worship ? Is anyone so foolish as to suppose that any law can change a man's heart, and make him honor the day, or even the place of worship? Take the matter of licentiousness. The law 