OCTOBER 11, 1894. AIMEMFLI CAN de 319 fortunate for our good name that the Catholics as well as the non-Catholics of New York can have the assurance that Leo XIII. and those close to him at the Vatican are vigilant watchers in the watch-tower; are sacredly guarding the good name of the Catholics in this great city of the Republic. I am informed that the communications that have reached the Vatican in relation to Tammany have produced a deep impression; so deep, in fact, that I have been instructed to put certain information in form and forward it immediately to Rome. I am delighted at the interest for a moral purification taken by the head of the church, and I trust that my non-Catholic brethren will be kind enough to stop impugning the fair name of our church and not hold it responsible for the corruption in its midst. The priesthood is deeply interested in all that concerns the welfare and purity of this city, and in its ranks there are men who have sacrificed themselves in many ways to add to the fair name of New York and of the whole country. In conclusion I should say that I am instructed by tele-graph how to act in these matters of so much public importance."--Inter Ocean, Chicago, Sept. 14. The Growth of Ritualism. IN a recent number of Word and Work, nn English religious journal, Mr. A. H. Forbes, writing from the standpoint of a member of the Church of England, sup-ports his assertion of an immense Rome-ward advance in that communion by the following startling figures: Clerical sup-porters of ritualism, 7,000 in 1892, as against less than half that number in 1882; ritualistic churches in 1882, 2,581; in 1892, 5043; churches adopting eucharistic vest-ments in 1882, 336, in 1892, 1029; churches illegally using incense in 1882, 9, in 1892, 77; churches using altar lights in 1882, 581, in 1892, 2,048. In addition to these facts, says Mr. Forbes, "further figures would doubtless reveal a similar advance in banners, crucifixes, processions, adora-tion of the elements, confessionals, etc." And the conclusion to which all this would seem to point is that in a few years "evan-gelical teaching will have been crushed out of the Church. of England, and that body will have become a department of the church of Rome." The only reassur-ance Mr. Forbes has to offer is his convic-tion that " the people of England will never tolerate a return to Romanism." Probably he is right in so thinking. At the same time, the growing influence of ritualism is a serious, if not alarming, fact. It finds illustration, as well as bold ex-pression, in the book lately published by Canon W. J. Knox Little, a zealous and very able leader of the ultra-ritualistic party, who has ventured to entitle his vol-ume, " Sacerdotalism, if Rightly Under-stood, the Teaching of the Church of Eng-land." He frankly denies that the Anglican Church is a Protestant Church; cuts it off wholly and absolutely from all Protes-tant bodies'; unites it doctrinally and historically with the Roman and Greek churches; —and insists on a practice and doctrine which differ from those of Rome chiefly in not conceding the infallibility of the pope. He insists on auricular con-fession as obligatory, considers fasting communion desirable, and defends the " non-communicating adoration of the wafer," the real presence in a form scarcely distinguishable from transubstantiation,  the sacrifice of the mass, the authoritative interpretation of Scripture by the Church (not to say its authority to .supplement Scripture by its own traditions), and the most literal apostolic succession in the hierarchy of the Greek, Roman, and An-glican communions, which together form one Catholic Church. There is, in short, nothing in Canon Knox Little's delinea tions of the English Church to justify its existence independent of the church of Rome; and while his extreme views may not be shared even by all ritualists, they undeniably show the direction in which the High Church party is tending.ŠExaminer. WHEREVER the persecuting "patriotic" orders get into power, they dismiss all Catholic teachers from our public schools. They have done this in Kansas City, Kans., for instance, and now the priests of that place have petitioned their bishop to let them send all the parochial school children there to the public schools, so that the board of education, which is controlled by the A. P. A., may have the expense of providing for their education. If this were done everywhere, the tax-payers would groan, for we save them millions on millions of dollars every year by pro-viding out of our pockets for the schooling of our own children, after paying our full portion of the taxes for the support of our public schools. If our children were all sent to the public schools, we would raise an agitation from one end of the country to the other, to make the public schools thoroughly " unsectarian, " instead of largely Protestant as they are at present. The short-sighted " patriots " would save themselves money and trouble by letting us alone. We suffer enough already. We are not here by their toleration or per-mission. We are in our fathers' houseŠhere by right of discovery, by right of first settlement, by right of inheritance, by right of faithful service to the Repub-lic, by right of possession, by right of law. We ask no favors of them.ŠCatholic Re-view, Sept. 1. A Good Book for the Children. Beautifully Illuminated Covers! Fifty-three Illustrations! Interesting Reading! All this and more is combined in "The Good Shepherd: The Life of the Saviour for Children." This book, which is 8x101 inches and inch in thickness, tells the story of the Life of Christ in a way that cannot fail to interest the little folks. It is exceptionally free from doctrinal errors, and should be in every family where there are children to be taught a Saviour's love. The illustrations, which are nearly all good, add very much to its educational value. Price, only 50 cents. Address, Pacific Press, 43 Bond Street, New York City. BIBLE STUDENTS' LIBRARY. (Order by Number.) No. 1. BIBLE SANCTIFICATION. By Mrs. E. G. White. This is a pamphlet of eighty-four pages, with eleven chapters. It sets forth the Bible doctrine on this subject in contrast with the false theories which are so prevalent, and should be read and circulated everywhere. Price, 10 cents. No. 2. THE ABIDING SABBATH AND THE LORD'S DAY. A pamphlet of 174 pages, by A. T. Jones. Price, 20 cents. No. 3. VIEWS OF NATIONAL REFORM. This is a pamphlet containing the first thirteen numbers of the Sentinel Library. It contains first principles on the subject of Church and State. Price, 15 cents. No. 4. THE SAINTS' INHERITANCE. A pamphlet of eighty-two pages, by J. N. Loughborough. It presents the precious prom-ises of God's Word to his people in regard to the future home of the saved, and God's purpose concerning our work. This is an excellent work. It inspires hope and courage in she hearts of Christian pilgrims. Price, 10 cents. No. 10. SCRIPTURE REFERENCES This valuable tract has been thoroughly revised. Many Scripture references are given upon all the great leading subjects of the Bible. It is indeed a valuable aid to the study of the Scriptures by subjects. Price, 4 cents. No. 14. THE SUFFERINGS OF CHRIST. By Mrs. E. G. White. This tract portrays with great vividness the scenes in Geth-semane and at Calvary during the last hours of the earth life of the world's Redeemer. This is an excellent tract for the prej-udiced and the unconverted. Price, 4 cents. No. 16. CHRIST IN THE OLD TESTAMENT. By James White. This tract shows the relation which Christ sustained to the work and people of God prior to his first advent, and that men were saved by Christ and the gospel in Old Testament times as well as now. Price, 2 cents. No. 24. Is SUNDAY THE SABBATH ? By M. C. Wilcox. This tract candidly considers all the texts in the New Testament which mention the first day of the week, and enables the reader to study the question in the light of the Scriptures. Price, 1 cent. No. 25. THE SANCTUARY AND THE JUDGMENT. By J. N. Andrews. This gives a brief but clear and candid exposition of the subject of the sanctuary and its relation to the Judgment. Price, 2 cents. No. 26. THE SABBATH IN THE NEW TESTAMENT. By James White. This tract presents in a clear and forcible manner the teaching of the New Testament concerning the day to be ob-served as the Sabbath, and the example of Christ and his apos-tles concerning the subject. Price, 2 cents. No. 27. THE BIBLE : ITS INSPIRATION AND IMPORTANCE. By M. C. Wilcox. This is a good tract to place in the hands of the weak and doubting. It shows the purity of Bible teaching, its unity, its impartiality, and its comprehensive nature. Price, 2 cents. No. 31. THE SECOND ADVENT. By James White. This tract shows the manner, object, and nearness of Christ's coming. Price, 4 cents. No. 34. Goo's MEMORIAL. By James White. In this tract are shown the nature and object of a memorial. It presents the Sabbath as God's great memorial of creation, to be ob-served throughout "all generations." A memorial of Christ's resurrection is also considered. Price, 2 cents. No. 36. THE SIGNS OF THE TIMES. This excellent tract has been revised up to date, so tha' the thrilling events of recent years are noted as evidence that the end of all things is at hand. Price, 2 cents. No. 42. ELIHU ON THE SABBATH. This iS a brief but clear and forcible setting forth of the Bible argument on the Sabbath question. Price, 2 cents. No. 43. THE TEN COMMANDMENTS NOT REVISED. By James White. This tract shows the utter fallacy and gross absurdity of the position that the old moral code of ten commandments has been revised. Price, 2 cents. No. 46. WITHOUT EXCUSE. This is a most excellent tract, and deserves a very wide circulation. Price, 1 cent. No. 47. THOUGHTS FOR THE CANDID. By J. N. Andrews. This tract presents the harmony and beauty of the truth in contrast to the inconsistency of false views based on certain passages of Scripture in regard to man's condition in death, and the fate of the ungodly. Price, 1 cent. No. 48. WHICH DAY Do You KEEP, AND WHY ? By G. W. Amadon. This is a clear, pithy tract, good for busy people. It gives God's answers to man's excuses for not keeping the Sabbath. Price, 1 cent. No. 49. CAN WE KNOW ? This shows that just before the second coming of Christ we may know that his coming is near. Price, 1 cent. No. 50. Is THE END NEAR ? This gives evidence showing that the end of all things is at hand. Price, 1 cent. No. 51. Is MAN IMMORTAL ? This tract presents in a brief and concise manner the Bible doctrine of immortality by means of plain questions and Scripture answers. P.-ice, 1 cent. No. 52. WHY Nov FOUND OUT BEFORE ? This tract shows why the Lord's Sabbath, the seventh day of the week, has been so long neglected and disregarded, and why it is now being proclaimed so widely and so many are beginning its observ-ance. Price, 1 cent. No. 53. THE SABBATH AND THE LAW. By J. N. Andrews. This is a pamphlet of 192 pages, giving an outline of the Biblical and secular history of the Sabbath for 6,000 years. It has ten chapters, and is a work of great importance. Price, 20 cents. Any of the above may be obtained post free on re-ceipt of price by addressing Pacific Press, Oakland, Cal. ; 18 W. Fifth Street, Kansas City, Mo. ; 43 Bond Street, New York City. Works on all phases of Bible truth. Send for catalogue. Yon can Bind. One Sheet, or three hundred sheets, in ten seconds. The Klip binds loose sheets. pamphlets, or magazines. If you want covers also, you had better send for a Klip rstŠthat's free. If you will try the Klip, I will mail a sample dozen, six sizes, and a pair of Klip-Keys to put them on with or seventy-five cents. H. H. BALLARD, 193, Pittsfield, Mass. Ninety-six pages, Large print, Cood paper, StrongŁbinding. 