a.MERICAN SENTINEL,. 461 A Vanquishing Dream. As THE Cuban war progresses, indications are point-ing more and more clearly to the probability that the United States will, from necessity if from no other mo-tive, take such action at the close of the war with refer-ence to the future of Cuba as will belie, in the eyes of European peoples, the professions of disinterestedness with which she began the war. The universal testimony of Americans who have come in personal contact with the Cubans, is anything but flattering to the latter. There is friction between the American troops and their Cuban allies, and already the Washington Government finds itself in serious per-plexity over the situation. The halo of heroism which American eyes looking through the press reports saw encircling the heads of the Cubans, seems to have been dissipated completely; and with it has vanished in large part at least the idea of a Cuban republic flourishing under the hands of the natives now in arms against Spain. There is every indication that at the close of the war it will be clearly seen by the authorities here that the power and authority of the United States are necessary to insure a stable and proper government in Cuba. The trend of sentiment in this direction is well voiced in an article in The Independent, of July 21, by the gov-ernor of Colorado. In reference to the fulfillment of the purpose of giving liberty to the Cuban people, which the nation proclaimed to the world as her justification in taking up arms, he says:Š "I preach a new political gospel; a creed to which I am in part a recent convert. I have always believed that Cuba should be under the Stars and Stripes; to-day I believe that duty and destiny demand that the United States retain control of every island captured from Spain in the West Indies or in the Pacific. Our quixotic friend proclaims that we are engaged in a war of humanity, Hot of conquestŠthat we must give up every acre we gain at the cost of our treasure and the rich blood of our sons. How can we better meet the demands of humanity than to place our flag over lands that have been riven with revolution or debased by tyranny and misrule? Congress declared that we sought not Cuba, but its inde-pendence and freedom. How can Cuba be more free or independent than as a territory of the United States? The fourth Senate resolution, as were all declarations, was rendered null and void by the action of Spain in sending the American minister from Madrid before re-ceiving the ultimatum from the United States. "Are the natives of Cuba prepared for independence? Are they qualified to maintain a free State worthy of the sacrifice we are making in their behalf? If the history of similar people be a guide it would not be ten years before an independent Cuban republic would involve us in contro-versy and perhaps war with some first class Power. For one hundred years it has been a menace to our peaceŠa fountain of contagion. Under our rule it would become a paradise, an ideal land of beauty and liberty, in strange contrast to its four centuries of blood and bondage." Of course the United States will explain to the world that it is necessary to the welfare of the Cuban people that the island should he under the protectorate of the great American Republic; but who can suppose that the cynical-eyed powers thus addressed will be ready to ac-cept this explanation? All things considered, the lofty ideal of the United States standing as the bestower of freedom and independence upon the oppressed peoples of the earth, might as well be regarded as a vanishing dream. Sunday-law Prosecutions in Australia. THE Melbourne Age, in its issue of May 23, last, makes the following note of several cases which have come be-fore the courts there under the law against "Sabbath breaking":Š "Numerous complaints have been made to the au-thorities of the practice of Chinese and other market gardeners working in their gardens on Sundays in Brigh-ton District, and it was recently decided that a raid should be made upon them by the police. Accordingly Constables Healy and Ward yesterday detected six Chinese thus Sabbath breaking, and one Englishman, who claims to be a Seventh-day Adventist, and who therefore observes Saturday as the Sabbath prescribed in the Scriptures. Summonses will be issued against the seven men under an act of Charles II., passed for the proper observance of the Sabbath. The penalty upon conviction is a fine of 5s., in default distress, or 24 hours in the stocks. "As there are no stocks in use in this colony at pres-ent, in the event of the Chinese or the European defend-ant requiring them, the authorities will of course make stocks. In the case of the seventh-day Adventist, it is understood that the case will be fought by that body, and some interesting legal arguments may be expected. "The Chinese aver that they do not want to work on Sundays, but being only the employ6s of rich country-men in Melbourne, who own most of the gardens, are compelled to toil whether they like it or not. Their pay, as a rule, is 10s. per week, and their board and lodging. The cases will be heard at the Brighton Police Court on Friday next." With reference to this the following appropriate ob-servations were made in the June issue of the Melbourne Southern Sentinel:Š "Through 'numerous complaints' made against the poor Chinese market gardeners around Melbourne, the Sunday law of Charles II. has been set in motion again in Victoria, as appears from an article in another page. We have never heard of anyone, from the time of Con-stantine's Sunday law in 321 to the present day, ever having been converted to Christianity through the en-forcement of Sunday laws. To fine men, and talk of put-ting them in the stocks for failure to observe a religious institution reminds us very forcibly of the days of reli-gious intolerance and persecution. Mr. Wise spoke well when in the Federal Convention, in support of Clause 115, he said:Š " 'I wish I could share Mr. Barton's optimistic views 