`'lie An2eDical? geOirrl. PUBLISHED MONTHLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, OAKLAND, CAL. E. J. WAGGONER, ALONZO T. JONES, SPECIAL CORRESPONDENTS. J. H. WAGGONER, E. W. FARNSWORTH, DAN T. 3oNrs. EDITORS. " Corrupted freemen are the worst of slaves." VOLUME ,3. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, OCTOBER, 1888. NUMBER 10. Ent6ed at the Past-a. in Oakland. Ł Tim moment. any religion becomes national, or established, its purity must certainly be 'lost, because it is then impossible to keep it `unconnected' with men's interests; and if con-nected, it must inevitably be perverted by ;tliem.,Jenyns. N Ł 4. Government Is Secular. THE National. Reform Association held a National Conference at Philadelphia, April 24-26. In speaking of it, and the aims of the Association, the National Baptist, of May 3, says:Š " In their specific aims and methods, we find it impossible to agree. Their great aim is r  to make the Government conform to the principles of Christianity. , This they propose to accomplish by putting into the Constitution a declaration of religious belief. They hold that this was founded as a Christian Govern-ment, that Christianity is a part of the com-mon law, and some among them hold that this is not only a Christian but a Protestant Government. They hold further that the public schools, founded and sustained by the State, must teach with more or less fullness the principles and practice of religion. "From all these views, we dissent wholly. We believe that government is secular; it is de-signed for one express object, and it ceases to be beneficial and efficient for this object, just in proportion as it is used for some other end. The agency divinely designed for teaching religion is the Christian church, not the State nor the public school. "The dictum that the Chr4tiati religion is `a part of the common law is expressly de-nied by not a.few eminent jurists. If the dic-tum were granted, it would be harmless only by being nugatory. If it means anything it means that no one but a Christian can have any power, or in fact any standing, under the Government: Ł In a Christian church, no one but a Christian has any standing room. Does not the same hold if the State be Christian? But if :It Jew-. were elected president would znyone, claim 'that be must not be inangu- The American Sentinel and the Prohi-bition Party. NOT long since one ofthe editors of the SEN-TINEL made a speech in San Diego, Cal., on re-ligious legislation in general, and Senator Blair's proposed National Sunday Law, and religious amendment to the Constitution, in particular. We gave a sketch of the theocrat-ical workings of the church, the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, and the Prohi-bition party, with the National Reform Asso-ciation, and the aim of the National Reform-ers to hand over the whole thing to the Papacy as soon as the Papacy is ready. The San Diego Sun stated that in this we " as-sumed what every member of these organiza-tions will.  promptly deny." We do not think that the statement of facts can rightly be con-sidered assumption. As to the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, we gave our position in regard to that in our issue for September; we wish now to show that when we name the Prohibition party in the same category we assume nothing. It cannot be denied that the Woman's Christian Temperance Union and the Na-tional Reform Association are pledged to the establishment of a theocracy in this country. Nor can it be denied that the Prohibition party is inseparably connected with both the Woman's Christian Temperance Union and the National Reform Association. The Woman's Christian Temperance Union de-mands the ballot in the hands of women, in order to establish a theocracy; the Prohibi-tion party is pledged to secure the ballot in the hands of women; therefore the Prohibi-tion party is pledged to the establishment of this woman-made theocracy. In order to establish a theocracy,-  the National Reform Association demands a constitutional amend-ment empowering Congress to legislate in re-ligious things; a leading ProhibitionistŠSen-ator BlairŠproposes in Congress just such an amendment, accompanied by a bill legislating r upon things pertaining to God ; and the Lever, in commending the "moral element" in the make-up of the Prohibition party, "the foun-dation" for which is laidin the'recognition of "Almighty God as the source, of all power in government," says :Š "At this point the Prohibition party stands out in bold contrast with the old parties. It rec-ognizes the authority of God in human' gov-erninent, and proposes that all legislation shall be in ,harmony with. Christian:  morality." This is pieciSely what the National Reform',  the Prohibition party and the aim of the Na-tional Reform Association are identical. And besides this the National Reformers have pledged themselves to join hands with the Catholic Church as soon as she is ready. More than this, this is only that at which the Papacy itself is aiming in this country. Pope Leo XIII. commands that,Š "All Catholics should do all in their power to cause the constitutions of States, and legisla-tion, to be modeled on the principles of the true church." Senator Blair's constitutional amendment and religious legislation are modeled exactly "on the principles of the true church;" and the Prohibition party is pledged to such legis-lation; therefore the aim of the Prohibition party and the aim of the Catholic. Church, so far as religious legislation is concerned, are identical. And they are working together to secure it. At the county Prohibition convention for Tulare County, Cal., held in Tulare City not long ago, a Catholic priest was introduced by a Methodist minister, and made a strong speech and offered the Catholic Church free to the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, at any time, to hold their Prohibition unions in. About the same time a Catholic priest spoke in a Prohibition convention in Los Angeles, in which he made most prominent the necessity for religious legislation, particu-larly  in regard to enforcing the observance of "the Lord's day," as Senator Blair's Sunday Bill provides. These things greatly please the Prohibition party, the 'Woman's Christian Temperance Union, and the--Catholic Church. Now we would like for some Prohibitionist to tell just about how much any advocacy of Prohibition by the Catholic Church is worth, while everybody knows that there is not a sa-loon keeper in all the land who cannot keep a saloon and be a member of the Catholic Church as long as he lives, and (if he payS money enough) go straight through purgatory without even getting scorched, when he dies. We can tell what it is worth, and that is, just what influence and support the Catholic Church can get out of the Prohibitionists in accomplishing the Papal scheme of causing "the constitutions of States, and legislation, to be modeled on the principles of the true church." That is what it is worth, and that is all it is worth. But if the Prohibitionists think that a safe investment, they have vastly more confidence in the wheedling charms of the :Papacy 'than - we have. For we never-  can 