186 AMERICAN SENTINEL. whipped around into line and at last gave their consent to the sale of the church property. "They were confronted with thepayuient of a $9,000 mortgage and an arrearage of $500 in the Łpastor's sal-ary. Mr. Guller's friends urged that the church's expenses be reduced by one half in order that they might worry along.' The opposition, however, insisted on the sale of the church and its property and an immediate liquida-tion of its debts, the dismissal of the pastor and the holding of services in a hall. The society will not be severed. "One trustee said : Our pastor has been with us for two years. He refused to allow any church entertain-ment of any kind, and, as a result, our revenue fell off to such an extent that we have to sell out. Our little enter-tainments brought in a good deal of money, and the pas-tor's action was decidedly unpopular.' " Surely there has been a most wonderful evolutionŠand revolutionŠin the method of providing church rev-enue, since the days of the apostles. Imagine the early Christian Church, as described in the Book of Acts, being 9n the point of financial disruption because of the refusal of Paul or Peter to sanction church theatricals as a means of providing funds for churchwork I And the sad meaning of this is that there has been an evolution from the spirit of self-sacrifice possessed by the early church, to a spirit exactly its opposite. There is no reason why, with the possession of the Christian spirit of self sacrifice, an abundance of church funds cannot now be raised in just the way that means were raised by the church in the days of Paul. However, when the churches get control of the Gov-ernment, as it now seems that they shortly will, they will perhaps have possession of sources of revenue, which will enable them to dispe,nse with church "entertainments!' Reasons for Disestablishment. WHILE the churches in this country are seeking for closer union with the State, in England, where the church is "established" and controlled by the State, there is a strong sentiment in favor of severance of the bonds be-tween them. This sentiment finds expression from time to time in Parliament, in the form of resolutions for dis-establishment. Recently, says the Outlook (New York), such a resolution was introduced "on theground that the Church was under the control of the State, its bishops being practically appointed" by the Prime Minister, who might be an atheist; that presentations to livings are bought and sold; that it is becoming anti-Protestant, and that it receives an undue and unfair prestige from its alliance with the State. It was also urged," says the Outlook, "that the Church had been unfavorable to civil liberty in the past ; that the bishops had opposed the anti-slavery movement; and that an established church is an anachronism at this end of the nineteenth century. The mover of the resolution declared that the Established Church must either be mended or ended ; that it could  not be mended by a body like the English Parliament,' and that, therefore, it must be ended." These are just grounds of objection to the continu-ance of Church establishment, and that they are true can-not be denied. It would seem that the lesson they teach should be sufficient to deter enlightened Protestants in this land from an alliance with the State; yet evidently such is not the case. From a comparison of tables of statistics showing the growth of the Established Church or Church of Eng-land, and of the "free churches"ŠMethodist, Baptist, Presbyterian, etc., the fact appears that establishment has not prevented the latter from outgrowing the Church of England to a very decided extent. "Establishment" is only a misleading name for that which does not strengthen the English church, but is a millstone about her neck. 0 0.40 44 True to Principle. THE. Oklahoma Gleaner, a Seventh-day Adventist sheet published at Oklahoma City, prints the following in its issue of March 3 :Š "Sabbath, February 20, Brother T. Alexander was summoned to appear as a witness in a case on trial at the court room. It being the Sabbath he remained at home, whereupon the judge sent an officer, who placed him under arrest, and forced him to appear. "Brother Alexander remembered the instruction of the Lord, Take no thought how or what ye shall speak,' but faced the judge, backed by his faithful friend, the Bible. " 'Why have you contemned my court,' said the judge, by remaining away when summoned?' "`I-do not hold your court in contempt,' Brother Alexander replied, `but this is the Sabbath, and I cannot give testimony on this holy day.' " `Do you mean to say that you will suffer the pen-alty of contempt of court rather than testify to-day?' " Yes, sir, I will." Ł , " 'But you are already here,' protested the judge, and you will not be giving evidence of your own free will, but by force.' " 'My Bible teaches me to obey God rather than man,' said Brother Alexander. He was fully confident that he would be placed in jail for the offense, when the interested lawyers agreed to postpone the case to a time when Brother Alexander could be present without inter-fering with his principles of religious liberty, and he was permitted to return to his home." This country, and every country, needs men of prin.. ciple. It needs men who will be true to the dictates of conscience. And no legal sanction ought ever to be given to any effort to swerve an individual from these safeguards of his integrity. +010 Ł 4-4 A CURIOUS decision is reported to have been made recently by the Wisconsin Supreme Court, to the effect that persons can be properly exempted from the regula-tions enforcing vaccination, on the ground that they 