;ME, AMERICAN SENTINEL. 123 has to set itself up" as the judge of the religious standing of its citizens ? We want to know what right the State has to adopt the views of one class of re-ligionists and set itself up as the judge upon, and condemn as idolaters, other . classes of its citizens ? We want to know what right the managers of any public institution, or the instructors therein have, to use their position Ł and authority to favor the religious views of one class of people and to condemn, as idolaters, other classes ? We want to know by what right -these .thanagers or instructors use the . money that is raised by taxation upon all -the People, in teaching the religious views of -a part of the people as against, and in . distinct condemnation of, the religious poSition and views of another part of the people. We want to know by what right Certain citizens shall thus be compelled to :-pay money for undermining and denoun-cing their -own -religious 'principles. The editors of THE AMERICAN SENTINEL are neither infidels nor Spiritualists. We are just as far from both infidelity and spiritualism as it is possible for Christians to be; and THE SENTINEL iS the same. Nevertheless, any man has as much right to be an infidel, or a Spiritualist, or both together if lie chooses, as we have to be . Christians or as the believers in these " easy lessons " have to be RoMan Catho-lics. Infidels and Spiritualists have just as much right to hold their beliefs unmo-' lested and free from attacks by. the State or by any public authority as have Christians or Catholics or Catholicized Protestants. The Money which is raised by taxation upon infidels and Spiritualists alike, the Statuhas no More right to use in denoun-cing, through its officials, the beliefs of those classes, than it has to do the same thing with Christians. Yet all this is precisely what is done by the public officials in the State Reform School,- at Morganza, .Penn Sylvania ; and this is. precisely what is proposed by the Independent and other believers in these " easy lessons," shall be done in public institutions everywhere. A,nd it is wicked-ness. Let the State and public officials keep their meddlesome, clumsy, and bung-ling forms out of the field of conscience. Let them attend to the public business, the business" that belongs alike to all the people, without distinction, and leave en-tirely alone the religions belief or unbe- lief of the citizens. A. T. J. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL comes to US from New York every week, and is always most welcome. Its arguments are unan-swerable. It stands for religion resting on no force, no State, no law, but pure persuasion alone. That is our position. All the religion that you like, that you can win men to, by fair argument. None that can not stand on that basis. ŠSan .Francisco Political Record. Duties and Rights. THESE terms are frequently confounded;  but there is the greatest difference between. them. Rights begin where duties end. The exercise of rights is optional, while the performance of duties is imperative. This is true both in the realm of morals and in that of civics. Anything which is not optional with the individual is not a right, but a duty. To say then that a person has the right to do a certain thing implies that he also has the right not to do it. If we say he has the moral right to perform the act, we mean that he can do it without bring-ing himself under the penalty of moral law; but if it is the civil right to which we refer, we mean that lie ought not to be subjected to civil pains and penalties for It. I have said that the exercise of rights is optional. Some may be inclined to dis-pute this. For example, they may ask, " Is not voting a civil right ? " I reply that it is. " And is it not also a civil duty ? "ŠBy no means. If it were, then there should be a civil law compelling every one to vote. As all moral duties are covered by moral law, so all civil dutiesŠnot always are butŠshould be covered by civil law. But a law compelling men to vote would defeat its own purpose. The object of the ballot is to get an expression of the will of the people, but this can never be se-cured by compulsory voting. To illus-trate : Suppose a Republican should, for some reason, refuse to vote. That would please the Democratic party, consequently no one in that party would enforce the law compelling him to vote. If the law were enforced at all, it would have to be by his own party; but as surely as the Republicans compelled him to vote, when he did not want to vote, so surely would he, out of spite, vote the ticket of some other party, even though he might be opposed to the principles of that party. A man may be compelled to be civil toward others, but no one can be forced to be honest with himself. And you can never find out the will of the people by compel-ling them to vote against their will. The State can never determine whether a man is voting his own principles or not; but if he is neither tempted by bribes nor enraged by compulsion, he is under the most favorable conditions for the free and just exercise of his right. Voting, therefore, is not a civil duty, and can not be so regarded in our legal system. But it is a right which every citizen may exercise if he wishes to do so. It is not the duty of government to punish a man for exercising his rights, or for not exercising them. The chief function of government is to protect each citizen in the exercise of his rights. In doing this, it is not necessary for the government to define these rights. The citizen should be pro- tected in doing anything he desires to do, provided it is not uncivil. That is the only limit which the government has the authority to set for him. The go've'rn- ment has no more authority to trespass upon the rights of a citizen than the citizen has to trespass upon the rights of the government. The citizen was not made for the government, but the govern-ment for the citizen. The three great dangers to which gov-ernments are subject are these: first, that the government will gradually extend the limits of its jurisdiction until it in-fringes upon the rights of citizens, or the prerogatives of God; second, that it will not even protect the citizens in the exercise of all the rights which it nominally recog-nizes; and third, that partiality will be used, so that the rich will have better protection than the poor, and the majority be allowed to swallow up the rights of the minority. Although not so bad as many other countries, all of these errors are danger-ously apparent in our own Government to-day; and for their removal there should be pledged the prompt and energetic co-operation of all patriotic citizens. A. DELOS WESTCOTT. This Accounts for It. IN a recent meeting in Tacoma, Wash., to rejoice over the defeat of a bill practi-cally repealing the Sunday law of that State, one of the speakers, a minister, said :Š The Church depends for its foundation upon the Sabbath. Eliminate the Sabbath and there is a question whether the Church would continue to exist. This accounts for the great interest which the ministers everywhere take in the so-called " civil Sabbath:" It is not true, however, that the Church is depend-ent upon the Sabbath in any such sense as that indicated by the gentleman whose words we have quoted; and to assert it is simply to say that the Church is dependent for its continued existence upon State support, for it is said that " without Sun-day laws the Sabbath can not be main-tained." If this be true of the popular modern Church, it simply shows that it is unlike the early Church, for that existed in its greatest purity and power, not only without a State-enforced Sabbath, but in spite of the most bitter and unrelenting opposition on the part of the secular power. Truly the modern Church is in a sorry state if it is thus dependent upon the whim of the law makers and the energy of the police. IN spite of all metaphysical theorizing, it remains true that the common sense of mankind recognizes no basis of practical ethics except belief in God and in man's ob-ligation to obey him.ŠBaptist Examiner. 