140 Vol,. 8, No. 18.      gious Liberty Association, a body of men who have organized for the purpose of se-curing an absolute divorcement of the State from the Church, which they be-lieve, and I think rightly believe, is very far from existing in the United States. There are other things included in our jurisprudence which represent this union of Church and State, besides the Sunday law, and the Association is pledged to de-stroy these, as well as the Sunday laws themselves. I could show you if I had time express provisions in the constitution of this State which are nothing more or less than religious dogmas incorporated into our organic law, but our present concern is mainly with the established Church, as set up in Maryland by the Act of 1723. If you will look at that act, you will see what I mean when I say that it sets up an established Church in this State. You will find that it mentions a certain day in the week as The Lord's Day.' Now, it does not need a legal education to enable a man to understand that the question of whether there is or is not such a day as The Lord's Day,' and the further ques-tion of what particular day of the week, or of the month, or of the year, or of the century is the Lord's Day,' are purely religious questions, that is to say, ques-tions upon which the churches are divi-ded, and that, therefore, for an American legislature to designate any day of the week, or of the month, or of the year, or of the century as the Lord's day,' is to set up an established Church in the State. Moreover, in our Sunday law, the old colonial legislature which passed it two hundred years ago, not only set up one es-tablished Church over all others, by de-termining the purely religious question of what was and what was not 'the Lord's day,' but it undertook to determine the also purely religious question, of what was and what was not the proper observance' of that day. Notwithstanding the numerous decisions sustaining Sunday laws in this country, the International Religious Lib-erty Association is of the opinion, and I think rightly of the opinion, that their constitutionality has never yet been thoroughly and radically tested. Its pur-pose is in future cases to secure explicit and precise rulings on every point which it considers can legitimately be raised against such laws at nisi Arius, and to have these rulings explicitly and precisely sustained or reversed by the courts of last resort in every State, and ultimately to bring the question in all its aspects before the Supreme Court of the United States. " It is probable that most Sunday law cases in the immediate future will involve the prosecution of Seventh-day Advent-ists. I have only recently become ac-quainted with these Ł remarkable people, and I shall be obliged to you if you will give me space enough to tell you just how much I think of them, and why I think it. You know that among the pagan philoso-phers it was a fundamental principle that the social order 'could not be preserved without a union of the Church and the State. None of these old pagan philoso-phers believed in the Church themselves but they thought that it was absolutely necessary for the mass of the people to be compelled to pretend, at any rate, that they believed in it. About A. D., 321 the professed followers of Christianity adopted this pagan theory, and effected a union of their alleged Christian Church with the State under the pagan Emperor Constan-tine, to which pagan they thereafter duti- fully submitted points of Christian doc-trine for final decision. If you will look at Dean Milman's History of Christian-ity,' you will find that he states, as a pretty conclusive reason to him against the reality of the pretended miracle of the pagan Constantine's conversion, the fact that the result of it was that the symbol of salvation and peace became in conse-quence of Constantine's vision the emblem of destruction and slaughter. It does not seem, however, to have occurred to the dean that the union of the Christian Church with the pagan civil power was an all-sufficient evidence that the Christian Church, as such had ceased to exist. Nor has this occurred to any of the so-called Christian denominations until within a very recent period. All of them have in turn objected to a union between the State and any other Church than their own, and have eloquently protested against persecu-tion of the saints by the sinners, but all of them have been anxious to secure a union between the State and their own Church, and have regarded with complacent ap-proval the persecution of the sinners by the saints. " So far as I know, the Seventh-day Adventists are the only Christian denom-ination who insist upon it that a union between the Christian Church and the State, to any extent whatever, is an im-possibility, because, the instant that a church becomes united with the State to any extent whatever, it thereupon ceases at once to be to any extent whatever a Christian church. Now the astounding thing about this proposition to my mind is, that it contradicts not only the wisdom of the ages, as we find it in the works of the pagan philosophers and in the works and actions of other so-styled Christian denominations, but that it takes us back nearly two thousand years to find a single person of historical importance who agreed with these people. Unfortunate as it is for them, they have absolutely no authority whatever for this extraordinary position of theirs, except the Founder of Christianity himself. To him was due the formulation and announcement of the theory, repudiated by his so-called fol-lowers in the early part of the fourth century, and by most of them ever since, that the things which were Cmsar's should be rendered to Caesar, and the things which were the Deity's should be ren-dered to DeityŠthat the domain of re-ligion was within men and not without, and that the sword of the civil power, so far as religion was concerned, should remain forever within its sheath, because all who would thereafter take up that sword in the name of religion should surely perish' thereby. Having planted themselves upon the basis of this partic-ular Preacher's principles, the Seventh-day Adventists repudiate quite as strenu-ously any union of their own church with the State as they do the union of other churcheS therewith. Thus, while they oppose Sunday laws, they by no means advocate, nor would they accept, Satur-day laws, of like character, for their benefit, on account of their religious belief. Some comment has 'been made upon my failure to make in court the point that they are molested in their re- ligious belief or practice by the Sunday laws. I will be glad to have you state that neither the principles of their church nor my instructions from the Inter-national Religious Liberty Association would have permitted that particular line of defense. Recently, in trying some cases of a similar character to this, in Tennessee, when we endeavored to make up an agreed statement of facts' for purposes of appeal, we declined to insert therein any statement whatever as to the religious belief of the defendants who were Seventh-day Adventists. Now, in the Bill of Rights of our State constitu-tion, it is laid down, substantially, that no man should be molested in his re-ligious profession or practice, unless he, under the color thereof disturbs the good order, peace or safety of the State, or shall infringe the laws of morality, or injure others in their natural, civil or religious rights.' You will see that the Sunday law under which Mr. Judefind was arraigned was passed in 1723, when Maryland was a colony of Great Britain, and the union of Church and State, which still exists in that country was, naturally, a recognized part of our polity. This old ecclesiastical statute, embodying and exemplifying the English union of Church and State, we claim is inconsist-ent with our American, Maryland, State Bill of Rights. We claim that the special provisions of the statute, and the use of the words Lord's day' therein suf-ficiently show that the law infringes the religious liberty of every one. " We assert, as a mere fact of physics, or the material world of which, as of course the courses of the planet, the dates of the almanac, and such like, every court, is bound to take judicial cognizance, that no acts of ours can possibly Disturb the good order, peace or safety of the State, or infringe the laws of morality, or in-jure others in their natural, civil or reli-gious rights,' because those acts are done on Sunday, but that the effect of all hu-man acts herein is precisely the same, no matter upon what day they may be done. Our position is, that to require of us any special line of conduct on any particular clay because that day happens to be, in the opinion of the legislature of 1723, 'the Lord's day,' is to deprive us of an inher-ent and inalienable right as American cit-izens to determine for ourselves, not only whether there is any such day as the Lord's day,' but, if so, what that day is, and, what its proper observance may be. We deny the right of the legislature to prescribe regulations for our conduct upon any other ground whatever except that it interferes with the legal rights and privi-leges of other people, and we deny the right of legislatures or courts to inquire of us whether we recognize any day as the Lord's day,' or recognize any special observance thereof, or whether we have any religion, or no religion. What we complain of in the Sunday laws, as American citizens, is not that they prevent us from holding any religious belief we prefer, or none at all, but that they cram down our throats a religious dogma of other people, and force us into an exter-nal compliance with the religious dogma of Sunday idleness, which we assert our right to believe in or not to believe in, to comply with ,or not to comply with, just as we choose. This, as I understand, is the position of the Seventh-day Advent-ists. " You will easily see how charmingly consistent, how thoroughly American, and how uncommonly close to the New Testament precepts it all is, and you can readily understand how this makes the cause of the Seventh-day Adventists the cause of the International Religious. Lib- 