218 AM:  Iklitir  CAN gitAN'llt/lr 'Vol,. 6. go. lg. oppressed the Hebrew nation; and the God who gra-ciously regarded them in their affliction, provided that the prophet Moses, who was then an infant, should be brought up in the very palaces and bosoms of the oppressors, and instructed in all the wisdom they pos-sessed. And when he had arrived at the age of man-hood, and the time was come for divine justice to avenge the wrongs of the afflicted people, then the prophet of God, in obedience to the will of a more powerful Lord, forsook the royal household, and, estranging himself in word and deed from those by whom he had been brought up, openly preferred the society of his true brethren and kinsfolk. And in due time God exalted him to be the leader of the whole nation; and, after delivering the Hebrews from the bondage of their enemies, inflicted divine ven-geance through his means upon the tyrant race. This ancient story, though regarded by too many as fabu-lous, has reached the ears of all. But now the same God has given to us to be eye-witnesses of miracles more wonderful than fables, and, from their recent appearance, more authentic than any report. For the tyrants of our day have ventured to war against the supreme God, and have sorely afflicted his Church. And in the midst of these, Constantine, who was shortly to become their destroyer, but at that time of tender age, and blooming with the down of early youth, dwelt, as God's servant Moses had done, in the very home of the tyrants. Young, however, as he was, he shared not in the pursuits of the impious: for from that early period his noble nature (under the leading of the Divine Spirit), inclined him to a life of piety and acceptable service to God. * Galerius sought to prevent Constan-tine's joining his father in Britain, but Constantine succeeded in eluding his vigi-lance. By the theocratical bishops this was made to be the flight of the new Moses from the wrath of the new Pharaohs. Thus the story continues :Š The emperors then in power, who observed his manly and vigorous figure and superior mind with feelings of jealousy and fear, . . . carefully watched for an opportunity of inflicting some brand of disgrace on his character. But he, bein,b  aware of their designs (the details of which, through the provi-dence of God, were more than once laid open to his view), sought safety in fight, and in this respect his conduct still affords a parallel to that of the great prophet Moses. - As the original Moses, without the in-terposition of any human agency, had been called to the work to which the Lord had appointed him, so the theocratical bishops had the new Moses likewise appointed directly by the authority of God:Š Thus, then, the God of all, the supreme Governor of the world, by his. own will appointed Constantine, the descendant of so renowned a parent, to be prince and sovereign: so that, while others have been raised to this distinction by the election of their fellow-men, he is the only one to whose elevation no mortal may boast of having contributed, Eusebius knew as well as any other man in the empire that the legions in Britain had proclaimed Constantine em-peror, precisely as the armies had been doing in like instances for more than a hundred years. He knew full well that Constantine held his title to the imperial power by the same tenure precisely as had all the emperors before him from the ac-cession of Claudius. In short, when the bishop Eusebius wrote this statement, he knew that he was writing a downright falsehood. WHEN Constantine marched against Maxentius, it was the new Moses on his way to deliver Israel. When the army of Maxentius was defeAed and multitudes were drowned in the river, it was the Red Sea swallowing up the hosts of Pharaoh. When Maxentius was crowded off the bridge and by the weight of his armor sank instantly to the bottom of the river, it was the new Pharaoh and " the horse and his rider " being thrown into the sea and sinking to the bottom like a stone. * "Life of Constantine," book i, chap. xii. t/d., chap. xx. # Id., chap. xxiv, Then. was Israel delivered, and a song of deliverance was sung by the new Israel as by the original Israel at their deliverance. In describing this, Eusebius uses these words :Š " Let us sing unto the Lord, for he has been glorified exceedingly: the horse and rider has he thrown into the sea. He is become my helper and my shield unto salvation." And again, "Who is like to thee, 0 Lord, among the gods ? who is like thee, glorious in holi-ness, marvelous in praises, doing wonders ?" § Such adulation was not without response on the part of Constantine. He united himself closely with the bishops, of whom Eusebius was but one, and, in his turn, flattered them. Eusebius says:Š The emperor was also accustomed personally to invite the society of God's ministers, whom he distin-guished with the highest possible respect and honor, treating them in every sense as persons consecrated to the service of God. Accordingly, they were admitted to his table, though mean in their attire and outward appearance; yet not so in his estimation, since he judged not of their exterior as seen by the vulgar eye, but thought he discerned in them somewhat of the character of God himself. 11 This worked charmingly. Throughout the empire the courtly bishops worked in Constantine's interest; and as Licinius only now remained between Constantine and his longed-for position as sole emperor and absolute ruler, the bishops and their political church-followers prayed against Licinius and for Constantine. As these " worldly-minded bishops, says Neander, instead of caring for the salvation of their flocks, were often but too much inclined to travel about and entangle themselves in worldly concerns,"* Licinius attempted to check it. To stop their meddling with the political affairs of his dominions, he forbade the bishops to assemble together or to pass from their own dioceses to others. This only tended to make the bishops more active, as the acts of Licinius could be counted as persecution. Licinius next went so far as to remove from all public office whoever would not sacrifice to the gods, and the line was quickly drawn once more in his dominion in favor of paganism. This caused Constantine's party to put on a bolder face, and they not only prayed for Constantine against Licinius, but they began to invent visions in which they pretend• d to see the "legions of Constantine, says Neander, marching victoriously through the streets at midday." f These enactments on the part of Licinius furnished the new Moses with an oppor-tunity to conquer the heathen in the wil-derness, and to go on to the possession of the promised land and the full establish-ment of the new theocracy. War was declared, and Constantine, with the laba-rum at the head of his army, took up his march toward the dominions of Licinius. ANOTHER step was now taken in fur-therance of the theocratical idea, and in imitation of the original Moses. It will be remembered that, after the passage of the Red Sea, Moses erected a tabernacle, and pitched it afar off from the camp, where he went to consult the Lord and to receive what the Lord had to give in com-mandment to Israel. Constantine, to-sus-tain his part in this scheme of a new the-ocracy, and as far as possible to conform to the theocratical plans of the bishops, likewise erected a tabernacle, and pitched § Id., chap. xxxviii. II Id., chap. xlii. * " History of the Christian Religion and Church," Vol. ii, Section First, part i, div. A, par, 26. t Id., Section First, part I, div. A, par. 27. it a, considerable distance from his camp. To this tabernacle he would repair asd pretend to have visions and communica-tions from the Lord, and to receive direc-tions in regard to his expected battles with Licinius. He soon carried this matter somewhat farther, and provided a tabernacle in each legion, with attendant priests and deacons, and also another which was constructed in the'form of a church, " so that in case he or his army might be led into the desert, says Sozonaeu, they might have a sacred edifice in which to praise and wor-ship God, and participate in the mysteries. Priests and deacons followed the tent for the purpose of officiating therein, accord-ing to the law and regulations of the Church." Such was the original establishment of State chaplaincies. And it is but proper to remark that the system, wherever copied, has always been worthy of the original imposture. The outcome of the war between Con-stantine and Licinius was the defeat and subsequent murder of the latter. And when, in violation of his solemn oath to his sister Constantia, Constantine caused Licinius to be executed, the courtier-bishop, Eusebius, justified the wicked transaction as being the lawful execution of the will of God upon the enemy of God. WHEN Constantine went to take his seat as presiding officer in the Council of Nice, his theocratical flatterers pretended to be dazzled by his splendor, as though an angel of God bad descended straight from heaven, and Eusebius, who sat at Con-stantine's right hand that day, thus testi.; fies And now, all rising at the signal which indicated the emperor's entrance, at last he himself proceeded through the midst of the assembly, like some heavenly messenger of God.§ Constantine, to sustain his part in the farce, declared openly in the council that "the crimes of priests ought not to be made known to the multitude, lest they should become an occasion of offense or of sin; " and that if he should detect " a bishop in the very act of committing adul-tery," he would, as Theodoret relates, throw " his imperial robe over the unlaw-ful deed, lest any should witness the scene," and be injured by the bad exam-ple." II And when the council was closed and the creed for which they had come together was established, he sent a letter to the " Catholic Church of the Alexan-drian"," in which he announced that the conclusions reached by the council were inspired by the Holy Spirit, and could be none other than the divine will concerning the doctrine of God. AFTER the council was over, he gave a banquet in honor of the twentieth year of his reign, to which he invited the bishops and clergy who had attended the council. The bishops responded by pretending that it seemed to be the very likeness of the kingdom of Christ itself. At the banquet "the emperor himself presided, and as the feast went on, called to himself one bishop after another, and loaded each with gifts in proportion to his deserts." This so delighted the bishops that one of themŠŁ James of Nisibis, a member of that monk-' "Ecclesiastical History," book i, chap. § Id., book iii, chap. x. I "Ecclesiastical History," book i, chap. xi. 