286 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. as freedom for the people was concerned. The history of both Judah and Israel is, for the most part, a history of misrule and oppression; and yet the Jews were nominally a Sabbath-keeping people; and during a great part of their history, they certainly kept the Sabbath more strictly than any nation now keeps Sunday. But they were not a free people. This proves nothing against Sabbath-keeping; and these facts are not stated to cast any re-flection upon Sabbath observance, but only to show how utterly unfounded is the statement published by Dr. McDonald, that "there is no instance of a people keeping the Sabbath, as a rest day, who were not a free people." The statement is without the least foundation in fact, and like many other goody-goody state-ments, is made for the purpose of per-suading people who have no religious re-gard for Sunday, to keep it from motives of personal advantage. The only correct motive for Sabbath observance is a sin-cere desire to obey God; and where this motive is lacking, no law however rigidly enforced, can make a people Sabbath-keepers in any proper sense of the term. C. P. B. Ł IŁ  REFERRING to the fact that several prominent clergymen of this city have been, as clergymen, taking a great interest in politics, with the avowed object of purifying the municipal government, the Christian Union says :Š There are several reasons why, in our judgment, the clergy should not take an active part in political organization, even if it be dubbed non-partisan. They are not often skillful organizers of practical movements. Their function is to teach truth, not to conduct affairs; and while occasionally the same man is equally good at both, more frequently the man who drops the first function to undertake the second, drops a higher for lower office; and he who undertakes to fulfill both fulfills neither. The American people are jealous of the interference of the clergy in political administration. The attempt to carry on the State by the Church has been very thoroughly tried in the Old World, and the success of the experiment has not been such as to encourage a repe-tition of it in the New World. Cardinals have not purified statecraft in France, nor have bishops sanctified the House of Lords in England. Ministers are but men, and when they drop the vantage-ground which their profession gives them for quiet and unselfish reflection, and enter the environment of other men, they become much like them. If the minister goes into politics, he is certain to take concern for his church with him, and then the question often stares him in the face between service of the Church or the State, the two not infrequently seeming to present conflicting claims upon him. RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. DECLARATION of PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jeans Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit- ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on religious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own con-science. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and honorable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil government; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the in-estimable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK CITY; 225 A ST., N. E. WASHINGTON ; 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO. " THE American Sabbath Union," says the Pearl of Days, " has presented an ear-nest appeal to the Commissioners of the World's Columbian Exposition to be held in Chicago, asking them to decide that the Exposition shall be closed on Sundays. It is understood that the Commissioners will meet in Chicago, on October 7. The officers of the Union, in making this ap-peal, ask the co-operation of all the friends of the Sabbath throughout the land." ON a recent Sunday, a party of young men, of the city of Washington, were playing ball outside of hearing distance from any dwelling, but were arrested by the police, on the strength of the common-law decision, recently issued by the Com-missioners, that ball-playing on Sunday is contrary to the Christian religion, and that the Christian religion is a part of the common law, and, consequently, of the law of the District of Columbia. When the case was brought to trial, the Court and prosecuting attorney ignored the legal lore of the Commissioners, and tried the case under an ordinance pro-hibiting the playing of ball in streets, avenues, and alleys. The counsel for the ball players argued that the law had not been violated, although he attempted to placate the Court by acknowledging that the young men might better have been in church. The policeman thought that they were playing on a line with the extension of Seventeenth street; the Judge therefore held that they were playing in the streets, and imposed a fine of five dollars. Such things as these are sufficient evi-dence that wherever tho authorities are infected with National Reform doctrines, religious regulations will be enforced, even outside of the law. What then will be the condition of affairs when all the religious legislation asked for has been secured ? THE advice of the Sunday Union in respect to the establishment of Law and Order Leagues throughout the country, for the enforcement of Sunday laws, has taken root, and in several localities has already reached the fruit-bearing period. A prominent instance, which the daily press is now noticing, occurs in Wheeling, West Virginia, where the League has un-dertaken to enforce the Sunday laws to the letter. A "special" says that on Sun-day, August 31, it was impossible to pur-chase anything in Wheeling, other than necessary medicines, and mentions it as the intention of the League to stop the publication of the Sunday papers. The dispatch declares, however, that " owing to the absurdly extreme measures taken, there has been a revulsion of feel-ing throughout the city." It is noticeable that the press comments do not take exception to the principle in-volved, but only criticise the action taken by the League as extreme and beyond what public opinion will uphold. These organizations will continue to push the enforcement of religious laws and city ordinances to the farthest limit in which they can secure the application of the penalties attached, until at last, and not far in the future, this country will find itself under the rule of a relig-gious oligarchy. The Religious Liberty Association was organized none too soon. 3 ,, ., 0 . ,.., 0 0 ŁŁŁŁ ŁŁ is' l!I  4 .:T_22p,t-AgE i t.g":::::;!)1::4-L :! ii:4Dhi! -4..ssg,2w1-3 S11  : t 'z'. -ro i h . .9  ir: lc::: 4  il.i!!1 g)!A71:! 'arc4MŁ)-W' F-, *-0',:,..°. iZ.2.54 .) .,!gifia's;Pg:J1 President. Secretary. C. ELDRIDGE, W. H. MCKEE, 