SEPTEMBER 20, 1894. S1EiN°11111N-11E_.., 291 11 : 19. " Surely he [not " St. Anne "] hath borne our griefs and carried our sorrows." Isa. 53 : 4. " For we have not an high priest which cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities; but was in all points tempted like as we are, yet without sin. Let us therefore come boldly unto the throne of grace, [not to "St. Arnie "], that we may obtain mercy, and find grace to help in time of need." Hob. 4:15, 16. " HOLY Mother St. Anne; by that great power which God hath given unto thee, show thyself my mother, my consoler and my advocate, reconcile me to God whom I have so deeply offended." P. 370. " But God commendeth his love toward us, ,in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us. Much more then, be-ing now justified by his blood, we shall be saved from wrath through him. For if, when we were enemies, we were reconciled to God by the death of his Son [not by " Mother St. Anne "], much more, being reconciled, we shall be saved by his life." Rom. 5 : 8-10. " HOLY Mother St. Anne, by that great power which God has given unto thee, . console me in my trials." P. 370. " For as the sufferings of Christ abound in us, so our consolation also aboundeth by Christ." 1 Cor. 1: 5. " Now our Lord Jesus Christ himself [not " St. Anne], and God, even our Father, which hath loved us, and given us everlasting consola-aon and good hope through grace, comfort your hearts, and stablish you in every good word and work." 2 Thess. 2 : 16, 17. " STRENGTHEN me in all my combats; aid me in my day of need." P. 370. " I can do all things through Christ which strengtheneth me." Phil. 4 : 13. " Put not your trust in princes, nor in the son of man, in whom there is no help." Ps. 146 : 3. " AID me in my day of need." P. 370. "Let us therefore come boldly unto the throne of grace [not to " Mother Anne "], that we may obtain mercy, and find help in time of need." Heb. 4:16. " DELIVER me from all danger." P. 370. " Call upon me [not on " St. Anne "] in the day of trouble : I will deliver thee and thou shalt glorify me" [not "Grandmother Anne "]. Ps. 50 :15. " HELP me at the hour of death and open to me the doors of Paradise. Amen." P. 370. " Yea, though I walk through the val-ley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil; for thou [not " St. Anne "] art with me; thy rod and thy staff they com-fort me." Ps. 23:4. " Then said Jesus unto them again, Verily, verily, I say unto you, I am the door of the sheep. All that ever came before me are thieves and robbers; but the sheep did not hear them. I am the door : by me if any man enter in, he shall be saved." John 10: 7-9. " HOLY Mother Anne, make peace for Me with my Lord and my God whom I have offended." P. 376. " Let him take hold of my strength, that he may make peace with me; and he shall make peace with me." Isa. 27 : 5. "Therefore being justified by faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ," not through St. Anne." Rom. 5 : 1. " My heart, alas, my inclinations and my will are attached to vanity, to the world and to sensuality. This great love which God bears toward me, the many benefits he has bestowed upon me, neither touch, nor rouse me from my guilty sloth. [God's infinite power and love being too weak(?) the Romanist has recourse to "St. Anne."] Good St. Anne, change these unholy dispositions." Pp. 379, 380. " Despisest thou the riches of his good-ness and forbearence and long-suffering; not knowing that the goodness of God lead-eth thee to repentance ?" Rom. 2:4. " /, if I be lifted up from the earth, .1 will draw all men unto me." John 12 : 32. " MY dear Mother St. Anne, I have un-bounded confidence in thy prayers; I place in thy blessed hands my soul, my body, and all my hopes, both in this world and in the world to come." P. 383. " Put not your trust in princes, nor in the son of man, in whom there is no help. His breath goeth forth, he returneth to his earth; in that very day his thoughts perish.' Happy is he that hath the God of Jacob for his help, whose hope is in the Lord his God." Ps. 146: 3-5. " Should not a people seek unto their God ? on behalf of the living should they seek unto the dead?" Isa. 8: 19 (R. V.) " Mother Anne," if such a person ever lived, is dead, but the Lord Jesus Christ " ever liveth" to make intercession for us. Heb. 7 : 25. " HONOR," "Praise, thanksgiving ,glory , and love to, my powerful and beloved St. Anne!" " forever." Pp. 104, 325, 392. " And I beheld, and I heard the voice of many angels round about the throne, and the beasts and elders : and the number of them was ten thousand times ten thou-sand, and thousands of thousands : saying with a loud voice, Worthy is the Lamb that was slain to receive power, and riches, and wisdom, and strength, and honor, and glory, and blessing. And every creature which is in heaven, and on the earth, and under the earth, and such as are in the sea, and all that are in them, heard I say: ing, Blessing, and honor, and glory, and power, be unto him that sitteth upon the throne, and unto the Lamb for ever and ever." Rev. 5: 11-13. "Two Solid Grounds for Sunday Rest" UNDER thee, foregoing heading, Sunday Reform Leaflets, for September, has the following :- There are two solid grounds on which Sunday laws rest: one, the right of the prevailing religion of the country (be it Jewish, Christian, or Pagan) to have its day of worship free from disturbance; and the other, the right of every man to an equal share in a rest-day from toil. As regards the first, if this were a Jewish country, the Jewish worship on Saturday should be peculiarly protected from molestation. If it were a Mohamme-dan country, Friday should be in a like manner pro-tected. This is simple common sense applied to things as they are, and no action of doctrinaire theory. Where there is a conflict of sacred days, as among Jew, Christian, and Mohammedan, all can, not be pro-tected, and hence the majority must determine the ques-tion. This certainly distinguishes the sacred day, but does no harm to those who do not count it sacred. It only obliges them to be courteous. The inequality in the matter is only such as in some things must obtain among the freest people. As regards the second ground : physiologists, phys-icians, staticians, and sensible observers in general, have agreed that man's body and mind need a com-plete rest at an interval of about seven days. But man will not take that rest from labor unless he is obliged by law to do so. His greed for gain will make him ruin health in his own case, or (worse still) make him force his employ& to ruin theirs by continuous  work. The law, therefore, must make and enforce a rest-day. But what day shall it take ? Again com-mon sense says: " Take the day which the majority of the community, from religious reasons, already regard as a rest-day." So the civil law, providing for man's physical well-being, appoints and enforces a rest-day from labor, which is the same day on which all the Christian community worship, and in which the civil law, for other reasons, protects them in wor-shiping. That it is not the purpose of Sunday laws, to keep the " day of worship free from disturbance," is evident from such statutes themselves. There is not a Sun-day law in any State in the Union which clearly makes this discrimination. Illinois makes the nearest approach to it. But even in that State work is not prohibited alone in public places and near churches, nor are the more noisy kinds of work interdicted and the more quiet kinds permitted, as would necessarily be the case if the design of the law was to prevent disturbance; but even there the line is drawn, as it is almost universally, between " worldly employments" and "works of necessity and charity ; " the former are prohibited, the latter are permitted. Moreover, the courts of the various States, in enforcing Sunday statutes, do not inquire whether anybody was disturbed or not, but only was secular work done, the same not being a work of "necessity or charity." Certainly, the farmer plowing in his own' field on Sunday, even if close to a church, could cause no disturbance to any one, other than a mental annoyance. It is true that in other countries such " dis-turbance " is prohibited; and so in Spain everybody is required to stand with un-covered head while a religious procession is passing; but certainly the founders of this Government contemplated nothing of that sort. Of course it is a great mental annoyance to the Spanish papist to see a Protestant stand with covered head while the Host (the consecrated wafer) is borne along the street; but should the law re-quire the Protestant to remove his hat for that reason ?-Certainly not; and no more should it require that the whole commu-nity respect Sunday because even a major-ity in the community are mentally an-noyed at any disrespect to the day, in its sacred character. " As regards the second ground," it is no better than the first. Even granting, for sake of the argument, all that. is claimed in regard to the need of stated rest (but it is not granted), the State would not be justified in requiring all to rest at the same time. Probably a very large majority of the people of this country have employment which, in a measure, renders them independent of others in the matter of when they shall work. Thou-sands do rest on the seventh day, "accord-ing to the commandment," and others might do so if they would. But in a number of States even those who have rested on the seventh day are required, under penalty of fine and imprisonment, to rest also on Sunday. Thus Mr. Capps, lying in a Tennessee jail, rested regularly on the Sabbath; this certainly met fully all the supposed requirements of his phys-ical nature. Yet under a " civil " statute, existing, as Sunday Reform Leaflets would have us believe, for civil reasons, he is imprisoned for nine months for not rest- ing also on Sunday. The fact is, and it i becoming more and more patent ever day, that Sunday laws exist only becaus of the religious intolerance of a majorit of the people, because those having con trol of legislation demand them th 