4111 ,, 11 )11114113i/111111111111111INIIIIIIIII " The number murdered last year in the U. 5. would make a funeral procession 800 miles long." AMERICAN SENTINEL. 267 "This bloody record shows a fearful increase of crime which destroys human life." "How can we correct this condition of blood? It must be corrected. If we cannot,the man of crime will soon be in the ascendancy." In the World, of Feb. 11,1896, the Judge is reported as saying thatŠ "The number of persons who have been murdered in the United States in the last five years is six times larger than the continental army at the close of the Revolution, and the number murdered last year is greater than our standing army at the outbreak of the civil war. "The issue before the country is not money or tariff, but whether or not we are able to guarantee proper pro-tection to human life." While these fearful facts do not agree with the pro-gramme mapped out by a large proportion of religious teachers, yet they do agree with the Word of the Lord, which speaks thus:Š "In the last days perilous times shall come." "Evil men and seducers shall wax worse and worse, deceiving and being deceived." 2 Tim. 3:1-13. The theory that all men are to be converted before the Lord's second coming is an error. The Lord's ex-planation of his parable of the wheat and tares (Matt. 13:37-39) reads thus:Š "He that soweth the good seed is the Son of man; the field is the world; the good seed are the children of the kingdom; but the to es are the children of the wicked one. The enemy that sowed them is the devil; the harvest is the end of the world; the reapers are the angels." Putting the Lord's explanation into the parable it reads thus:Š Gather not the wicked from among the just lest in destroying the wicked ye destroy the righteous. Let  both the righteous and the wicked dwell together in the earth until the end of the world ; and then gather the wicked to be destroyed in the furnace of fire, and the righteous for the kingdom of their Father. Compare Matt. 13:28-30 and 13:38-43. Despite these plain scriptures the religious world is expecting a reign of righteousness and peace on the earth before the second coming of the Lord. Like the Jews at Christ's first coming, the religious teachers of to-day have fixed up a programme for the Lord contrary to the scrip-tures. Having done this they overlook the startling signs of the times, while watching for signs which shall confirm their unscriptural predictions. In the very pres-ence of the most startling signs of the second advent they come, saying, Show us a sign; just as the Pharisees of old in the presence of the greatest Sign, the Lord himself, demanded "Show us a sign." Error begets error, and growing weary of waiting for the predicted reign of right-eousness they have come to the conclusion that they must bring it by their own efforts. Consequently, we have the modern "Chris-tian Citizenship" move-ment, with the avowed purpose of bringing about a reign of righteousness by human law ; but instead of a reign of peace we have almost a "reign of terror." The preaching of the cross is the only way to reach the seat of the dis-ease, the carnal heart; but this is fast being abandoned by the Church of to-day for the treatment of crime, the surface symptoms of the disease. Meanwhile, murder multiplies, the funeral train, the pageant of the prince of darkness, swells its ranks and moves on to the city of the dead. Oh, where are the men of God, whose lips have been touched with a live coal from off the altar, who are men endowed with power from on high, who will at this crisis cry aloud and spare not, who will lift up their voice like a trumpet and proclaim that "all flesh is as grass," that "not by might, nor by power, but by my Spirit, saith the Lord of Hosts," are men to be saved from their A. F. B. No conception of the nature of the Sabbath can be at all near the true one which is accompanied by any fear that it will become "lost" because people seem to be pay-ing less and less deference to it. Such a conception puts the Sabbath on the basis of a mere human institution. But the Sabbath is divine, and indestructible. sins? --HI, e -4 