THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 71 teriau:  Church," and when these people of other communions step upon that platform, they in that . adopt the distinctive principles .of the-Reformed Presbyterian Church, and so far make themselves Reformed Presbyterians. And 'when they of other communions push :the National Reform movement to a success-N. issue, they are only pushing to a success-ful issue the distinctive principles of Reformed 'Presbyterianism; they are only fixedly plant-ing in the soil of our national affairs "the tap-root of the Reformed Presbyterian Church.". The logic is perfectly easy. By their own words, we have the following syllogism:Š , MA.ion: Reformed Presbyterianism " origi-nated.the National Reform cause." "The -distinctive principles of the [WorMed Presbyterian Church are the princi-,-Iales,4and the only principles, of National Reform." COoLusiog: National Reform is only Re-formed Presbyterianism,. And when the Na-.:-tional:  Reform AsSociation askS the nation to -recognize National Reform, it asks the nation to recognize Reformed Presbyterianism, and mo " other ism." The: Christian Nation ought to adopt some other 'form of denial. It might have better success in getting at the truth. A. T. J. Ł Ł As to a Religious -War. A CORRESPONDENT asks the following ques-tions :Š " What effect will the success of the National .Reform have on the unbelievers at large? We heard one say that they would raise a little army and fight, before they would sub-mit to the authority of a church. Another said he would get out his old shot-gun and shoot down a few of them.' Will there be enough of that spirit to bring on a religious war? A. R. s." As to the first question we can say that according to the words of the National Re-formers themselves, the success of National Reform will " disfranchise every logically con-sistent infidel." Notice particularly that it is only the "logically consistent" unbeliever who will be disfranchised. That is to say that though he be an infidel, if only he will silently submit to the dominance of National Reform ideas, or even openly, though hypo-Critically, favor the National Reform scheme, he will not be disfranchised. But if he shall be at all " logically consistent " and oppose the work or the rule of National Reform, or shall express his dislike of the National Re-form government and its so-called " Christian features," then, according to the words of the National Reformers, all such unbelievers must "go to some wild, desolate land, and stay there till they die." But if they refuse either to play the hypo-crite, or " to go to some wild, desolate land," and propose to resist, as these mentioned by our correspondent, then that brings up the alternative of the second question, upon which we can only say that we have no idea how much of this spirit of violent opposition there will be against National Reform. We know, however, that the question of a religious war all depends upon the oppositionŠthe Na- tional Reformers are ready for it, and are coolly calculating the bloody chances. On this very subject the " Rev."Šmark itŠthe Rev. M. A. Gault, one of the most representa-tive of National Reformers, says :Š " Whether the Constitution will be set right on the question of the moral supremacy of God's law in Government without a bloody revolution, will depend entirely upon the strength and resistance of the forces of anti-Christ." Therefore, as the question of a religious war depends " entirely " upon the forces of resist-ance to National Reform, and as we have no idea how much forcible resistance there will be, we cannot form any estimate of the proba-bilities of the coming of a religious war. It may be that through the immense pre-mium that National Reform will put upon hypocrisy, the forces of resistance will be, if not entirely vanquished, so far overcome as to avert a religious war. For be it distinctly understood that the AMERICAN SENTINEL pro-poses no violent nor forcible resistance to National Reform. Our opposition is, and ever will be, conducted strictly and entirely upon Christian principles. We unsparingly point out the evil of it, and warn our fellow-men against it; knowing the terrible nature of it, we persuade men to avoid it, and whether they will hear or whether they will forbear remains entirely with them. Should National Reform succeed in its designs, and establish its shameful rule, we shall offer no violent resistance. In things pertaining to God, however, we shall forever disobey it, and shall forever persuade others to disobey it. But it will always be a disobedience that con-sists in obedience to the commandments of God and the faith of the Lord Jesus Christ. It will be disobedience without resistance. If others choose to resist it by force of arms, we are not responsible for that, and shall take no part in it nor encourage it. Our work now is to expose the essential iniquity of the thing, that it may not be slipped upon the nation unawares. And if, after all, it shall succeed, then our work shall still be to ex-pose the iniquity of it, and to set the exam-ple of open, but non-resisting, disobedience to its Papal-political precepts.. A. T. J. PLAIN FACTS FOR OLD AND YOUNG ŠEMBRACINGŠ NATURAL HISTORY AND HYGIENE OF ORGANIC LIFE. BY J. H. KELLOGG, M. D. Member of the British and American Associations for the Advance- ment of Science, Editor of "Good Health," and Author of Various Works on Health. NEW EDITION REVISED AND ENLARGED, CONTAINING OVER 600 OCTAVO PAGES. No work ever issued from the American Press has met with such a cordial reception by the people. It is indorsed by the highest authority as a standard work. It is a necessity, not a luxury. Indispensable to those who would preserve the health and morals of their own children. BRIEF SYNOPSIS OF CONTENTS. Sex in Living FormsŠReproductionŠSexual HygieneŠUn-chastityŠThe Social EvilŠSolitary ViceŠEtc.ŠA chapter for boysŠA chapter for young menŠA chapter for old menŠA chapter for girlsŠA chapter for young  womenŠA chapter for wives and mothersŠDiseases peculiar to women. 100 CHOICE HEALTH THOUGHTS. "Plain Facts" is sold only by subscription.ŠAgents wanted. For sample copies, territory, and terms, Address, PACIFIC PRESS, Oakland, Cal. General Agents for the West. IN THE IIEHRT  OF THE SIERRHS. BY J. M. HUTCHINGS. THIS new work is a complete historical and descriptive sum-mary of the wonderful Yo Semite Valley and Big  Tree Groves. The author, Mr. Hutchings, is an old pioneer, and has for more than 20 years resided in the Valley. He took the first sketches of it that were ever taken, and was the first to make its MARVELOUS GRANDEUR KNOWN TO THE WORLD. The work is complete in one volume of nearly 600 pages, and is illustrated with over 150 illustrations, 28 of which are BEAUTIFUL FULL-PAGE ARTOTYPES. These artotypcs are the most charmingly characteristic of any illustrations ever produced, and are perfectly true to life, having  been photographed from nature. Sold only by subscription. Agents wanted everywhere. For prices and terms, Address, PACIFIC PRESS, Oakland, Cal. VINDICATION_ OF THE TRUE SABBATH. BY J. W. MORTON. FORMER MISSIONARY OF THE REFORMED PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH TO HAYTI. THIS pamphlet is an able treatise on the divine appointment of the Sabbath of the Bible. The personal narrative of its author contains a noble instance of self-sacrifice and devotion to the truth for the truth's sake. The reader of this little work will find breathed throughout its pages a mild and Christian spirit, worthy the imitation of controversialists of every name;  while at the same time, its candid, convincing, and logical arguments challenge refuta-tion. Paper covers, 68 pages, sent post-paid for 10 cents. Address, PACIFIC PRESS, Oakland, Cal. MODERN SPIRITUALISM ITS NA PURE AND TENDENCY. BY ELD. J. H. WAGGONER. THIS is a thorough expose of the system of Spiritualism. The author has carefully studied the subject, and has given such copious extracts from a large library of Spiritualist publica-tions, as to fully condemn them in their teachings and in their practices, by their own testimony. It is also shown from the prophetic scriptures that Spiritual-ism is one of the most impressive signs of the times. 184 pp Price, 20 cents. Address, PACIFIC PRESS, Oakland, Cal. BIBLE S.Aaw'rivac_A:rioLT: A CONTRAST OF.  TRUE AND FALSE THEORIES. . BY MRS. E. G. WHITE. This is a pamphlet of only 84 pages;  but its value is not to be judged by its size. It is just what its title indicates: a faithful presentation of Bible truth on this important subject, and an exposure of the false theories prevailing  in regard to it. Every believer in Bible truth should read it. Buy it, read it, and lend it to your neighbor. Price, 10 cents. Address, PACIFIC PRESS, Oakland, Cal. OUR COUNTRY-THE MARVEL OF NATIONS, ITS PAST, PRESENT, AND FUTURE, AND WHAT THE SCRIPTURES SAY OF IT. By TT. SMI'TI{.  AUTHOR OF "SMITH'S PARLIAMENTARY RULES," ETC., ETC. THIS is a new and popular work on a subject of the deepest interest to all American citizens. It takes a brief but compre-hensive view of our Government from a Historical, Political, and Religious Standpoint. The Sunday question, ;Modern Spiritualism., and National Reform ARE PROMINENT AMONG THE TOPICS ABLY DISCUSSED IN THIS WORK. THE MARVEL OF NATIONS is a work of 300 pages. It contains a steel plate of the author, and over forty illustrations. It is printed in clear type, and bound in cloth ; price, $1.00. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, Oakland, Cal. HISTORY OY THH SABBATH AND FIRST DAY OF THE WEEK. By ELD. J. N. ANDREWS. THIS WORK CONTAINS A MINE OF INFORMATION. THE Bible record of the Sabbath;  the secular history con-cerning  it;  the successive steps by which the change to the first day was made, and the work of restoration, are given in detail. Every text of Scripture concerning the Sabbath is commented on at length; and the complete Testimony of the Fathers in regard to the Sabbath and first day is given. The comparaŁ tive merits of the seventh and the first-day Sabbaths are fully shown. A copious index enables the reader to find any text, or the statement of any historian. Should be read by everybody. 548 pp. Price, $2.00. Address, PACIFIC PRESS, Oakland, Cal. 