312 A TAM m CAN RVNIIINIML., VoL. 8, No. 47. Thus is the end of that Church that was once clean and unspotted; that once walked the earth in the strength and might of God, conquering all her enemies, and making even Satan stand in awe of her; she who once took God and God alone for her defense; the Bible and that alone for the weapon of her warfare; she who pledged herself to protest against evil and every appearance of evil. She is now defiled with the evil of this world; she has forsaken her Lord and Master, and joined herself to another; she can no longer go forth to conquer evil, because she is evil herself; she is working for Satan, therefore she cannot gain the vic-tory over him. And what has brought her to this ?ŠThe love of self, the pride of life. But in the Protestant Church there are many honest souls who see that the Church has fallen; who see that she has not the power she once had. God calls such, " Come out of her, my people." Will they hearken to the kind Shepherd's voice, and come and follow him ? Will they cast their influence on the side of truth and righteousness, or on the side of error ? Will they still continue to have "a form of godliness," but deny "the power thereof " ; or will they accept God and his power in all its fullness ? Victory is theirs if they stand loyal to God and retain his power. " He that endureth to the end, the same shall be saved." ALFRED MALLETT. Tradition or Bible ! Which? IN commenting on a paragraph from a sermon delivered by a London divine, on the subject, "Is Protestantism Decay-ing ?" the Sabbath Recorder says:Š Protestantism must meet the fact that in so far as it yet holds to "tradition" as a source of au-thority in religion, it is un-Protestant and must, by an unfailing law, go back to Rome, from which it revolted on the theory of " the Bible alone, etc." Nothing can save it from being re-Romanized except compliance with its fundamental theory. That it does not yet do this on several points, es-pecially in the matter of the Sabbath, is too well known and too generally acknowledged to admit of question. Until it does accept the Bible wholly, without manipulating texts, and repeating the fourth commandment with " mental reservation," saying in effect, "Oh, Lord, incline our hearts to keep this law, thy law according to the traditions of the Catholic Church," it cannot escape the back-ward undertow which sweeps into the heart of historic Romanism. This is true. Of course it is asking a great deal of the Protestant churches which call themselves orthodox to give up all the unbiblical theories to which they are so fondly wedded, and attach them-selves to the Bible alone. That, however, they must do, otherwise the inevitable result will be a relapse to Romanism. What are some of the cherished doc-trines which they hold, in common with the Catholic Church, and contrary to bib-lical teaching ? One is a union of religion with the State, that such religious ob-servances as the Church may dictate shall be enforced by the civil law. This is contrary to the words of Christ and the whole spirit of the gospel. A second is the institution of Sunday, the first day, as a substitute for the Sab-bath, the seventh day. For this there is not an iota of biblical authority, and that the substitution was made through the decree and practice of the Roman Catholic Church, the learned men of the church themselves declare and are supported by their ecclesiastical archives, by profane  history, and by prophecy. This, then, is an unbiblical observance practised in def-erence to Roman Catholic tradition, and must be given up. A third is the baseless theory that man is naturally immortal, independent of his Maker, and instead of going at death into the grave among the dead who " know not anything " until he shall rise in the resurrection at the call of his Saviour,Šassuming to be co-equal in immortality with.  God and scorning the mission and the service of a Saviour to raise him from the dead,Šmaking a mock of those lofty words of exultation which are put in the mouths of those who rise in the first re-surrection, " 0 death, where is thy sting ? O grave, where is thy victory ? "Šmaking possible all the Roman Catholic deceits of purgatory and saint worship, with the multitude of satanic deceptions of Spirit-ualism and the last great deception, wherein Lucifer himself, as an angel of light, attempts to counterfeit the second coming of Christ. This is a tradition of man, and of the Roman Catholic Church, it, too, must be given up. A fourth is that libel on a merciful and omnipotent God, the never-ending punish-ment of the wicked in an eternal burning place of torment, a theory of furious-hearted theologians which directly con-travenes the revelation of God as to "the second death," and contradicts the word of Scripture in many places. This' almost insanely cruel theory must be given up for biblical realities. But this is sufficient to show that it is no small task which the Sabbath Recorder has set popular Protestantism, to do away with the authority of " tradition " in reli-gion and accept fully its fundamental theory of "the Bible alone." w. H. Nature and Effect of American Sunday Laws.* (Concluded.) NOTHING could more conclusively dem-onstrate the purely religious character of Sunday laws, as understood and ap-preciated by their advocates, than the recent proceedings against Seventh-day Adventists in Tennessee and Maryland. In both these States every man did practi-cally what he pleased on Sunday, under the same police restrictions as surrounded him on other days, and thus it had been " from the beginning." But now come these Seventh-day Adventist people and teach, rightly it must be said, because it is a matter of history, that " Saturday " is the weekly "Sabbath of the Lord God" of the Bible, and that Sunday is the feast of the pagan deity, Mithra, which was "established." as a general rest-day or Sabbath in his honor by Constantine; and further teach, rightly or wrongly is not to be argued here, because it is matter of doctrine, that the acceptance of this pagan substitution of Sunday for the biblical Sabbath by the Christian Church consti-tuted a "great falling away" from the Master's teaching, which is repeated wher-ever Christians acquiesce, even externally, in the following of Constantine's example by a so-called Christian State. And for preaching this doctrine, and by no means for doing, like all around them, whatever work they please on Sunday, these Seventh-day Adventists are harried and badgered and persecuted, rather than * By James T. Ringgold, member of the Baltimore Bar, and author of "The Law of Sunday," etc., etc. prosecuted, under the forms of the Sunday laws. " Did the accused disturb you in any way by his alleged work ? " was asked of a witness in a recent Maryland case. " Not at all," was the answer. " Then why did you swear out this warrant ? " was the next question. " Because," said the witness in reply, " I loved him so that I wanted to save. his soul." " And do you still, seriously consider that his paying a fine of five-dollars and costs, or going to jail for thirty days, as the outcome of this trial will be calculated to improve the condition of his soul, or to impress him with a sense of the ' sweetness and light' possessed by your religion, as distin- guished from his own ?" was then asked, but to this query no response was vouch- safed. Similar language might be quoted from the testimony in all the other cases. There was nowhere any pretense that any harm had been done to anybody, or that any complaint would have been made about the work, if any one had done it except a Seventh-day Adventist. It must be said of these people that, whatever " rankling " there may be in their hearts, which are but human, there appears nei-ther in their conduct, nor language a trace of bitterness against their persecutors. The zeal of these last has in more than one recent Maryland case outrun their discretion, and some of them owe immun-ity from criminal prosecution solely to the forbearance of those whom they have most " despitefully used." But the tale of the persecutors themselves is a sad one. In most of the Tennessee cases, the "inform-ers " objected to having their names given as such, and showed a creditable reluc-tance to appearing in court,Šthus demon-strating that fanaticism had not wholly destroyed their sense of self-respect, and that they were ashamed of the business they had undertaken. In one Maryland case a brother asked. the magistrate to " look up the law and see if he could not have his sister arrested for sewing on Sun-day." (The sister having recently joined the Seventh-day Adventist Church.) In another, a son, newly appointed constable, being himself engaged in making a busi-ness trip on Sunday, stopped his horse, left his buggy, and walked a considerable distance across a rough field, in the. hope of "catching " his venerable father (a Seventh-day Adventist of course), "violat-ing the Sabbath," as he himself, not being a Seventh-day Adventist, was doing with-out peril. A prominent citizen swore that he spent the greater portion of the morning of his Sabbath watching his Seventh-day Adventist neighbor through a hedge, with the view of accumulating data for his prosecution; and he declared, with evident sincerity, that he considered it no " desecration " of his own sacred day thus to spend it h playing the spy and doing the work of a -volunteer de-tective! And at every burn we have seen manifested either an honorable shame, as of one carried along despite his own better impulses, or a boastful, swaggering, de-fiant, aggressive demeanor, strongly sug-gestive of a consciousness of doing dirty work, coupled with a fixed determination not to admit it to oneself or anybody else; one or the other frame of mind being the invariable characteristic of prosecuting witnesses in Sunday law cases, and either sufficiently proving the demoralizing effect of these prosecutions on those upon whom they depend for success. If, then, a Sunday law is a religious dogma embodied in a statute; if the 