AMERICAN SENTINEL. stood from the first day of its publication. That has been its foundation; and upon no other foundation could it have made the appeals that it has for justice and religious freedom. Upon no other can it make such appeals now or in time to come. And this is why the AMERICAN SENTINEL has from the first protested against the course of the nation in setting aside the doctrines it put forth to the world in 1776. And surely, when the very foundation on which it stands is being swept from under its feet, the SENTI-NEL can protest against it without meriting the charge of having "gone into politics." When the doctrine of the equal rights of all men shall be no longer be held as true by the American people; when appeal for justice can no longer be made upon this that is the one ground common to allŠthen further appeal to American principles against religious tyranny will be useless, and the mission of the AMERICAN SENTI-NEL will have reached its end. Ł 10 Papal Influence in France and in America. "POLITICS and Religion in France" is the heading o^ an article in the current number of the "Missionary Review of the World," which could be read withprofit by every person in this country. The author, Rev. Reuben Sailliens, of Paris, says: "Underneath all the political agitation in France over the Dreyfus affair, there is a great religious problem which has to be solved. The destinies of France hang in the balance. It is the old fight, renewed, between the spirit of Rome and the modern tendencies toward liberty and parliamentary government. At present Rome is doing her best to reconquer France." How the battle is waged is briefly but plainly told. "It is affirmed by good authorities," says Mr. Sailliens, "that the convents and religious congregations hold ten thousand million (10,000,000,000) francs worth of property"Ša sum amounting to nearly $2,000,000,000; and this in addition to a large "amount of movable property in stocks and funds," the aggregate of which is unknown. "All that money," writes Mr. Sailliens, "goes into the war; in support of daily papers, in schools competing with the school-boards, in institu-tions of higher learning, *here young men are prepared for the army and navy, thus furnishing staple institu-tions with officers who are devoted servants of the church." Exactly the sameinfluences are at work in this coun-try. The secular newspaper press of the country has for years been very largely subservient to the church of Rome. Neither of the great political parties dares to offend that church whose "devoted servants" are to be found occupying prominent positions in every depart-iment of the Government, especially in the army, the navy, and the Supreme Court. The peculiarly sad and  alarming fact, however, is that misguided Protestants, who have ceased to protest against the foundation principles of the papacy, are working hand-in-glove with this mediaeval system for the subversion of reli-gious liberty in this Republic. And yet, very many who are doing this know it not. C. P. B. The Nation's Birthright. From "The Peril of the Republic," by P. T. Mayan. THE advent of the United States upon history's stage broke the dawn of a new, era, not alone for the Old Thirteen, but for all mankind. The principles of freedom enunciated in the immortal Declaration of Inde-pendence were pregnant with weal for tens of thousands in other climes, and for millions then unborn, as well as for the embattled farmers who fought at Lexington and Concord. The new nation appealed not to tables of dynasty and royal succession to prove her title to life or her right to existance as a sovereign state among peers. Discarding these, her founders bore her into the arena upon certain self-evident truths. Her people assumed their equal and separate station among the powers of the earth by "the laws of nature and of nature's God."* Hitherto the doctrine had prevailed that the Almighty had created one class to govern and another class to be governed. Statesmen had universally held that all men were not created equal, and ecclesiastics had not been slow in seconding their teachings. When from time to time philosophers had arisen inculcating ideas of liberty and equality, they had been branded as anarchists by the state and atheists by the church. Many a time both the civil and religious powers had buried their own differences of opinion and claims of jurisdiction in order that they might form a union for the sole purpose of more effectively dealing swift and summary punishment to these disturbers of the existing order of things. The rack, the fagot, and all the ingenious and exquisite tortures which the Inquisition could devise had been freely employed to wring from unwilling lips the desired recantation. Prior to the time of our glorious Revolution the doctrine that governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed was wholly unknown in national practise. The princes and potentates of the nations of Europe had entrenched themselves behind that wickedest of all political tenets, the divine right of kings. This they amplified till it might better have rend, the divine right of kings to govern wrong. With the aid of this as their creed, they had outraged in their subjects the inborn sense of manhood to such an extent that by the time the close of the eighteenth century was, *Declaration of Independence, par. 1. 