AMERICAN SENTINEL. 157 "Wouldn't it be nice, Uncle Frank, if boys were only made like those automatons? Then we wouldn't find it such hard work to split wood and do chores and run errands,Šwhy, our legs would go without a speck of trouble." "But, Harry, that's not the way the Lord makes men. Suppose he made a man in such a manner that, in spite of himself, ever so often through the day, his knees would bend and his mouth would utter a very fine prayer. Do you think the great Creator would be pleased with such worship?" "Why, what a funny idea! Of course not. How did you ever think of such a strange thing?" "Well, there are some people who dislike to go to church or to pray, just as badly as you dislike to run errands, or to split wood. But the Lord did not choose to make people mere automatons. He will not force men or boys either to serve him. He does not take any pleasure in the prayers of people who pray to him, or go to church, just because others do so, or because it is popular, or even because they are afraid of the laws of men." "Why, uncle, I should think it was a queer thing for men to try to force other men to go to church. I didn't suppose any one had a right to do that." "No one has a right, my boy. Even God himself does not do that. He has made men capable of choos-ing the good or the evil, that they may serve him intelli-gently and from the heart. No other service is pleasing to him. In some sections of the country there is a great deal of talk about making laws to force people to keep a certain 'day of the week as the Sabbath, and in some places they are actually doing this. Now suppose I go to church on that day and bow my knees, pretending to worship God, just to avoid being shut up in jail, what do you think I ought to be called, Harry?" "Why, you would be an automaton, uncle." "Indeed, I would; and I should, besides this, be a wicked hypocrite; for I would be pretending to be what I was not." "I heard grandma say this morning that there were lots of people over on the other side of the world who keep Friday. How would those fellows who make such laws feel if they were over there and were forced to keep that day or go to jail, I wonder?" "And yet it would be no more unjust. Human beings were not born automatons, and if even their Maker does not think forced worship of any value, why should men be so unwise as to think to make of their brother men mere automatons?" MRS. L. D. AVERY-STUTTLE. SEND FOR CATALOG OF OUR PUBLICATIONS if you have any idea of purchasing. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York. ALMOST A MAN.Švow" A frank talk to a boy who was "almost a man," and the good it did him. As it is in story form, every boy will read it, and be the better for it, as was to the boy in the story. It is intended to help mothers and teachers in the delicate task of teaching the lad con-cerning himself, purely, yet with scientific accuracy. "I find it invaluable in my work among stu-dents."ŠMargaret Hamilton, Shaw University, Ral-eigh, N. C. "Your booklets are a blessing to mothers, young children, and developing boys and girls, and my heart goes up in heartfelt gratitude for them. My boy, fourteen, said after reading `Almost a Man,' `Mama, I feel better after reading that book; my thoughts are higher.' "ŠNellie P. Witham, Olympia, Wash. Price, postpaid, 25 cents. ALI1OST A WOMAN.Špear.' Every mother should prepare her daughter for the changes that accompany development into woman-hood. Many mothers do not know how best to give this instruction. They neglect this duty; invalidism for the daughter is too often the result. "Almost a Woman" gives this necessary instruc-tion, in the form of a mother's talk with her daugh-ter. Read what a few have said about it:Š "Your little book, 'Almost a Woman,' can hardly fail to meet with a warm welcome from puzzled teach-ers and parents, and to be of great value to thou-sands of young girls."ŠMay H. Prentice, Training Teacher Cleveland Normal School. "My satisfaction with this little book increased with every page. It is just what young girls need, and supplies a want long felt by mothers,Šthe pre-sentation, in well-chosen language, of what girls ought to know, but which mothers find difficulty in telling."ŠAbby Mortor Diaz, Woman's Educational and Industrial Union, Boston, Mass. "I received your little booklet, `Almost a Wo-man,' and upon reading it was delighted with the subject matter, and the manner in which it was handled. 1 placed it in the hands of my daughters, eleven and thirteen years of age, and am sure it will be of the greatest benefit to them for many years to come. I wouldn't have had them fail to receive this information for many dollars. Please accept my greatest thanks for the book, and my gratitude as a mother of girls that you were inspired to write this book."ŠMinnie B. Horning, Nat'l Supt. Press Dept. W. C. T. U., Chicago, Ill. Price, postpaid, - - 25 cents. Postage stamps accepted. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York City. 