7 THE ŁA.MERICA.N SENTINEL. friends claim to have over 14,000,000 petitioners praying Congress to pass it. The prime movers in the scheme are the self-styled National Reform Association, which has now roped into its services the Third Party Prohibitionists, some of the Labor Unions of the North, and the heretofore noble W. C. T. U. They have scoured the towns and cities of the North for signatures to their peti-tions, and are now to turn their attention to the South. Let the people arouse, and consider well what is before them. Ł The Public School Question. UNDER the above heading, in America of De-cember 13, 1888, Prof. Charles Kendall Adams, President of Cornell University, discusses the recent agitation in Boston, and, indeed, in the whole country, consequent upon the exclusion of Swinton's "Outlines of the World's History" from the public schools because of its teaching concerning the Reformation. While the article contains a few statements concerning the Refor-mation which we cannot accept, we can heartily agree with all that is said in the following on the matter of religious freedom. Coming from the source it does, it should command careful at-tention :Š " It is undoubtedly going too far to say that this country was founded on the idea of political and religious freedom. The Puritans were not tolerant of what they regarded as heresy. To use Frank-lin's figure, we may say that they were strenuous believers in their own doxy,' and that they were equally strenuous disbelievers in the doxy ' of anybody else. No one of them had the courage and wit to say, with Sydney Smith, that he should never be perfectly happy till he had dined off a roasted Quaker; but that seems to have been about the way very many of them felt. Nor was this feeling confined to New England. ifhere was a kindred intolerance in the South. The settlers of this, country were undoubtedly advancing toward religious freedom; but they had yet a long road to travel before they could reach the goal. But, nevertheless, there was but one ending to the road on which they had entered. " As the country came to be filled up with dif-fering peoples and sects, there was absolutely no other way than either to live in interminable dis-cord, or to agree to live in absolute toleration and peace. Our forefathers wisely chose the latter alternative. And so, when the State Constitutions and the National Constitution came to be adopted; the only logical course was to exclude entirely from the domain of political and governmental consideration all questions of religious profession and belief. In the Constitution of the United States, and in the Constitutions of the individual States, laws discriminating against any particular form of belief or disbelief are, as a rule, prohibited. In general, it may be said that ever since the formation of the Government, persons of any form of religious belief, and persons of any form of dis-belief, have been equally eligible to any of the political offices in the gift of the Government or the people. This is tantamount to a constitutional declaration, or at least admission, that no one form of belief or disbelief is. essential to the successful performance of the duties of ,any political office. If not essential to an officer, still less would any particular form of belief seem to be necessary to a private citizen. "This line of reasoning brings us to the obvious necessity of erecting a barrier against any oblig-atory religious instruction whatever. Indeed, such instruction can logically be required only in a State which, officially recognizes some particular form of religious belief. Our constitutional limitations on this subject, therefore, are but the natural expression of positive necessity. " We are brought still more obviously to the same conclusion in another way. Even if we were  to admit the necessity of teaching some form of religious truth in our schools, the question would at once confront us as to what form we should teach. And the moment the question is raised we are brought face to face with the fact that in our body politic there is no one set of men authorized to answer it. Shall a majority answer it? But there is no way in which a majority can possibly perform so complicated an act as to exercise dis-criminating judgment upon the countless details of a great body of religious doctrine. "But even if it were claimed that such a judg-ment could be exercised by chosen representatives, there would still be the embarrassing fact that there are a hundred forms of belief; in other words, that there would be a hundred tickets in the field at the same election, and on the same question. Either the question would have to be stripped of all those details which constitute the characteristics of the different religious denominations, and thus be reduced to a question of simple morality, or it would be absolutely necessary that a hundred ques-tions should be submitted at once, and, conse-quently, that the right to decide between them should be conferred on a mere plurality. But a plurality is often a minority. If a mere plurality were given the privilege of deciding such a ques-tion, the inevitable result would ensue that, occa-sionally, at least, a minority would have the priv-ilege of enforcing obnoxious doctrines upon the majority. Would such a result be tolerated ? In a community where a plurality, let us say, are Unitarians, would Trinitarians consent to have their children taught doctrines that are sharply opposed to the Trinity? Would Protestants sub-mit to have their children taught the doctrines of Catholics merely because Catholics happened in a given district or city to be more numerous than any other religious body? The answer is too ob-vious to require hesitation. "But even if we were to allow the matter to be determined by a clear majority, we should not be released from logical difficulties. However it may have been during the colonial period, it is cer-tainly true that ever since we became a united Government under the Constitution we have per-sistently and systematically denied to a majority the right to impose any particular form of religious belief upon a minority. To demand that this fun-damental principle, which has, in fact, become a part of the bone and fiber of our people, should be set aside, is simply to ask our civilization to face about and march in the opposite direction ; for if there is anything which the civilization of the last 300 years 'has been saying in louder tones than anything else, it is that a majority has no right to enforce its religious beliefs on a minority. This carries with it also the postulate that no one man has a right to enforce his beliefs on any one of his fellow-men. Just as truly it follows that no one man, or body of men, has a right to enforce certain beliefs upon the children of other men. And unless we hold that when we elect a School Board we give them religious as well as educational super-vision over our children, it follows that neither School Board nor teacher has any right to impose, as an obligation, any particular form of religious belief upon 'any pupil." An Inconsistency. No one will deny that the denominations of our land 'are seeking for closer unity with each other. We may take the Methodist, Presbyte-rian, Congregationalist, Lutheran, Baptist, and Protestant Episcopal Churches as the great representative bodies of Protestantism. These churches all claim to be Christian churches. Each one recognizes all the others as branches of the Christian church. Many leading men in these denominations recognize the Roman and Greek Catholic Churches also as branches of the Christian church. They say that the Christian church is made up, not of one of these sects, buy  of all, with some minor ones included; and their union is devoutly to be hoped for and labored for. Many, in fact, contend that they are already united in essentials ; that they are all only divis-ions of one great army. Their aggregate work and progress is counted as the work of the Chris-tian church. None who are informed will deny any of the foregoing statements. These bodies are also endeavoring to place certain laws called Christian in the statute law of our Government. They are charged with at-tempting to unite Church and State. But what do they reply ? " We are utterly opposed to a union of Church and State ; we are in favor of liberty of conscience." But why the desire for these laws? And if passed, will they not be in effect a union of Church and State? "No; not by any means. These laws are not in favor of any sect or denomination ; the majority agree with them. All denominations of note are united in these measures." Mark the inconsistency. When the churches wish to get nearer together, they are all parts of the one Christian church. But when this com-bination has its religious notions common to the majority crystallized into law, it ceases to be the one Christian church, because to admit this would be to admit the union of Church and State. They are one church religiously considered, but not politically considered. But logic and truth demand that if they together compose a church now, they together will compose a church when their tenets are made a part of statute law. And legislation on what all these branches of this one church hold in common will be nothing else than a union of Church and State; and that means persecution to those who may dissent from this so-called creed of the so-called Christian church. M. C. W. Ł American Protestantism. A PROTESTANT in fact is one who would make all forms of religious faith equal in the eyes of the law. That form of Protestant which recognizes the right of free thought and free speech, for all men, provided they speak and act as he does, is the European type. That which recognizes the right of free thought and free speech, in those who think and speak differently from what we do, is the American type. This is quite plainly implied in the words of the Declara-tion of Independence. All men are created free and equal. In the Constitution we have the plainest recognition of the new development of Protestantism, in the words, "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of re-ligion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." The fact so often referred to by the oppo-nents of secular government, that a class of di-vines have, ever since the adoption of the Consti-tution, been giving expression to dissatisfaction, is an exemplification of their lack of capacity to grasp the American idea of civil government, rather than a proof of any error in the system. The same sagacity that perceived that men could govern themselves in civil affairs without a king, was not slow to discern that the interests of relig-ion were served by having it depend on its own intrinsic merits, without being recognized iby the State. The experience of the framers of the Constitu-tion could only serve to demonstrate the folly of intrusting the best of men with civil power to execute the will of God. The Salem witchcraft affair, the proscription of the Baptists, and the 