THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 21 drance to their devotion. If there was a circus or a public show on Sunday, it would get a great many spectators, and "so break up a great many congregations;" the church-members would go to the circus, and "let the hour of worship go by unheeded;" and so their devotion was greatly disturbed and hin-dered. Don't you see? Just here, please read again the quotations from Dr. Everts's speech in the Elgin Convention, where he complains of the Sunday train and the Sun-day newspaper. Is not this thing a perfect repetition of that in the fourth century ? But yet those ambitious prelates ,of the fourth century were not content with stopping all manner of work, and closing public places, on Sunday. They had secured the power of the State so far, and they determined to carry it yet-further, and use the power of the State to compel everybody to worship according to the dictates of the church. And one of the greatest Fathers of the church, was father to this theory. That was the great church Father and Catholic saint, AugustineŠand by the way, he is grandfather to National Reform, too, as we shall prove one of these days. Augustine taught that,Š "It is indeed better that men should be brought to serve God by instruction than by fear of punishment or by pain. But because the former means are better, the latter must not therefore be neglected. . . . Many must often be brought back to their Lord, like wicked servants, by the rod of temporal suf-fering, before they attain to the highest grade of religious development."ŠSchaff, Church His-tory, Vol. II, section 27. And says Neander :Š " It was by Augustine, then, that a theory was proposed and founded, which . . . contained the germ of that whole system of spiritual despotism, of intolerance and perse-cution, which ended in the tribunals of the Inquisition."ŠNeander, Id., p. 217. Of that whole fourth century Sunday-law movement, from beginning to end, Neander, with direct reference to those Sunday laws, says:Š Ł "In this way, the church received help from the State for the furtherance of her ends."ŠId., p. 801. That is the indisputable truth of the matter. And it is just as indisputably true that this Sunday-law movement in our day in this Nation, is only another attempt of the church to seize upon the power of the State and use it to further her own aims. And just as surely as these political preachers of our day secure the power and the recognition of the State in their first step, they will carry it to the last step, and the logical end to which it was carried in the fourth century, and afterward in the working of the theory of Augustine. The church of our day can no 'more safely be . trusted with political power than could that of the fourth century, or of any other century. The only safety for the people, and the only security for the State, is to make it perfectly' certain that the church shall never receive the help of the State for the furtherance of her own ends; and that she shall never ob-tain any recognition at all by the civil power, beyond that wanted 'to every other person or class in the Nation. By these evidences from the fourth century, as well as by the evidences from the church conventions of Our own day, it is demonstrated again that there is no such thing as a civil Sunday, and that there is no such thing as civil Sunday laws. The first Sunday law that ever was enacted was at the request of the church; it was in behalf of the church; and it was expressly to help the church. The call for Sunday laws now is by the church; and wherever they are enacted or enforced, it is in behalf of the church; and to help the church ; and it is so throughout history. The keeping of Sunday is not a civil duty, and cannot of right be made a civil duty. Sunday is wholly an ecclesiastical institution, and the keeping of it can only be enjoined or enforced by ecclesiastical power. And whenever the civil power attempts to en-join or enforce it, the civil power then in that is made subordinate to the ecclesiastical, and becomes only an instrument of ecclesiastical oppression. That is the use that was made of Sunday laws in the fourth century ; it is the use that has been made of them in the United States within the last three years; and that is the use that will be made of them in days to come as surely as the churches secure this help of the State in the furtherance of their .own political and ambitious aims. Through Sunday laws the Papacy was developed in the fourth century; and through Sunday laws there will yet be developed a living image of the Papacy in this country. Therefore we are, and everybody else ought to be, uncompro-misingly opposed to the enactment or the en-forcement of any manner of Sunday laws. A. T. J. oi Ł Ł "Another Sign of the 'times." UNDER this heading, the Christian Union of January 26 has an article about the Pope's jubilee, from which we make the following extracts :Š "Nothing shows more clearly the decay of old religious animosities than the fact that so little has been heard of late of the old anti-Popery cry. . . . The old and somewhat panicky feeling which Protestants used to en-tertain toward the Pope and the church has evidently passed away. If evidence of this were needed, it would be found in the fact that the President's gift of a copy of the Con-stitution of the United States to the Pope has for the -most part passed unchallengedŠhas, indeed, been commended as an act of court-esy, and as- a sensible way of discharging what was, under the circumstances, a matter of national obligation; for as the author of Religio Medici' long ago suggested, the Pope is a temporal prince, and the amenities which are paid to princes are due to him. . . . In England, where the anti-Popery feeling has been even more rabid than in this country, an English nobleman of the highest rank has recently conveyed to the Pope the personal sympathy and good-Will of the Queen, and was instructed to give expression to her feel-ing of deep respect for the elevated character and Christian wisdom' which the Supreme Pontiff has displayed in his high position. The temperate sagacity,' said the envoy, with which your Holiness has corrected er-rors and differences, from which much evil  might otherwise have arisen, inspires her Maj-esty with the earnest hope that life and health may long be granted to you, and that your beneficent actions may long be continued.'" After mentioning the events connected with the Pope's jubilee, and the 'brilliancy of the pontifical mass in St. Peter's, the editorial con-tinues :Š "Among the almost countless congratula-tions that were received from all parts of the world, Protestant good wishes and congratu-lations mingled with those from Catholic sources. This is as it should be, and marks the coming of the better age in which the bit-ter and unchristian animosities of the past are disappearing as the shadows at the dawn. " One may hold Protestant convictions as resolutely as his fathers held them, and may oppose the Catholic propaganda in Church and State with the greatest zeal and earnest-ness, and still preserve toward this church that attitude of Christian courtesy which ought to be, although it never yet has been, the characteristic of Christian peoples. It is not impossible that the time may come when the old antagonism of the Catholic and the Protestant may appear insignificant in view of the deeper antagonisms which shall make them essentially one. Thomas Carlyle de-clared that the real struggle in every age is be-tween the believer and the unbeliever, and it has seemed at times of late as if this phrase might soon describe the practical issue of cer-tain tendencies in modern society. For anarch-ism and social disorder of the radical kind have their roots in atheism, and it is quite possible that the time may come when. the real issue will be between the theist and the atheist; the man who believes in God, and order, and free-dom, and rights of person, and property on the one side, and the man who disbelieves in all these on the other side. 'Whenever that time comes, the Protestant and the Catholic will stand side by side in a common defense of those common beliefs which have been their mutual possessions these many centuries. Stranger things have happened in history than such a change of attitude as would be involved in the fellowship of the Roman Cath-olic and the Protestant; and it is well to re-member in any event that the only Christian way to hold one's convictions is to hold them with charity and courtesy." Can anybody give a reason for this change in the feeling of Protestants toward Catholi-cism? Was it all just a senseless "'panicky feeling," when the Waldenses and Albigenses used to tremble at the approach of the min-ions of the Pope? Was Luther's feeling to-ward the Pope nothing but jealousy? Did Huss and Jerome, and tens of thousands of others whom we call martyrs,Šdid they com-mit suicide? Was it foolish superstition on the part of the Lollards, when they used every means in their power to conceal their Bibles, so that the agents of the Pope might not burn them? In short, must we say that the Reformation was a mistake, and that the men who stood so firmly for principle were . noth-ing but cranks? If not, why should there be any change in feeling towards Rome? She has not changed at all. Leo XIII. be-lieves every dogma that the church has ever put forth, and he believes that every one of his predecessors in the Papal chair was infal-lible, and could not do wrong. What is it, then, but that he would do the same things if circumstances seemed to make it necessary, and he had the power? 