362 THE AMERICA.N SENTINEL. satisfaction, that " godliness hath great gain," it is inevitable that there will be speedily added to her numbers those who will be able to prove just as readily to their own satisfaction that " gain godliness." And the deduction of these latter will be just as true and as honest as is this boast that the Church has already made. NEITHER have have they stopped with this attempt upon Congress, and the World's Fair Directory. They are applying the principle in general practice. Witness the financial bargainŠto give their moral and financial supportŠwhich the churches of Englewood, Chicago, made with the Marlowe Theatre to secure Sunday observance by the theatre Ł and the boycotting combination which the churches of the West Side, in the same city, entered into to secure Sunday observance by the dealers. This latter effort speedily bore living fruit which is significant of the whole line of things which we are here pointing out. This boycotting resolution to deal with nobody that opened on Sunday, was passed. September 25. On October 11, another meeting of the same kind was held in another part of the city. The announcement and programme were printed on a large leaflet which was about half filled with advertisements, among which we find one put up in this style :Š A & B  Clothing, Dry Goods, Hats, Caps, Boots, Shoes Ladies' and Gents' Furnishing Goods.  4Š to 4Š M Avenue. We believe in the closing of shops and stores on Sunday, and have always practiced it. Another one runs thus :Š PIONEER ADVOCATES OF SUNDAY CLOSING,  & CO., CLOTHIERS, Hatters and Furnishers, NORTHWEST CORNER AND  ŠNOT OPEN ON SUNDAY.Š MORE than this; we know of an instance wherein only last month, a money bribe was actually offered by the churches in a certain place, and the proposition was con-veyed through a preacher, to secure the closing of a certain institution on Sunday. And in perfect consonance with this, if not actually suggestive of it, the Union Signal of October 20, 1892, publishes editorially, from Joseph Cook, the statement that "there is more wealth behind the churches and the respectable portion of society than behind all the opponents " of Sunday closing. The statement is worth reprinting in full, as it is made in the very connection in which we have used it. It is as follows :Š In view of the vigor with which the right of petition is exercised by the opponents of Sunday clos-ing [of the World's Fair], we believe that it should continue to be exercised vigorously by the friends of Sunday observance, especially if there should prove to be the slightest danger of the reversal of the action off Congress. We urge alertness at all points of the compass, for our opponents are not likely to sleep, and portions of the press of the country favor them from obvious mercenary motives. So does the immense wealth behind the saloon. But there is more wealth behind the churches and the respectable por-tion of society than behind all the opponents. The forces of the churches are in this case substantially united, and are already triumphant in the,  preliminary contest. -0-- YET more than this; they are actually coddling the saloons to secure Sunday observance by them. The Michigan Sabbath Watchman (local organ of the American Sabbath Union) for October, 1892, reprints an article from the American Sabbath Union (the national organ of the association of that name), entitled, " The Rochester Experi-ment," in which the Sunday observing saloon is flatly declared to be " reputable " and even of " good repute." It seems to be a report to the paper, from Rochester, in this State, giving a flattering account of the progress of Sunday observance by the sa-loons. The article is long, and we can present only a few extracts. Here is one:Š If liquor sellers can make as much, or nearly as much, by working six days as they can in seven, they will be foolish to deny themselves that extra day of rest. And here is another :Š A more important and controlling consideration is that the liquor closing movement is an effort to place this business under the protection of law instead of making it contraband, as the opposite policy has done. It is incredible that reputable men, as the large proportion of liquor sellers are, shall prefer voluntarily to place themselves under the ban of legal as well as popular disapproval. And here is yet another, and stronger, too The effect of Sunday closing has been to sharply discriminate the reputable from the disreputable saloon, and certainly to the advantage of the former. How many of the reputable liquor sellers would wish to weaken the good repute of their establishments for the paltry patronage that disregard of their license obligations might secure ? True he states that " there is considerably more liquor sold Saturday night and used at home on Sunday than before the saloons were closed on that day." Neverthe-less he declares, " It is better every way for these customers to get their supplies the day before, and keep their business-closed." AND all these things are being done by the leaders and managers of the churches in the United StatesŠand professed Protestant churches at that. How much worse could they do if they made no pretensions to religion at all ? But when these things are all being done, not only by professed religionists, but by the very ones who set  themselves forth as the representatives of Christianity itself, how infinitely worse it is than if done by persons making no pretensions of religionl This is where:the opposers of Sunday laws and Sunday:Ob-servance are at a disadvantage.. These Sunday law workers can, and do, and will, employ measures and resort to means that no man of any principle would ever think of. They will literally stop at nothing. With them the end justifies any and every means. The observance of Sunday, how-ever secured, sa tifies every possible means that can bremployed to secure it. This is evident from the facts which we have here set downŠand that they are facts is patent to the whole people of the United States. Š0-- How exactly do these declarations and actions of these churches fulfill the prophecy that was spoken concerning them long ago Š that they, as fallen Babylon, would " become the hold of every foul spirit, and a cage of every unclean and hateful bird !" Rev. 18 : 2. That hold is now prepared. That cage is set. Its doors are open. And she is to-day hold-ing forth the luring baits that will in-evitably draw into her every foul spirit and every unclean and hateful bird. And how much longer can the Christians stay in these churches and under these leaders and managers without being partakers of their sins. There are Christians in these churches who are sighing and crying because of the evil and the abominations that are being wrought in them. And to these now God sends the call, " Come out of her my people that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive not of her plagues." Rev. 18: 4. There is but an-other step to take before her sins shall reach unto heaven and God shall re-member her iniquities. Rev. 18 : 2, 5. _0_ THERE is another scripture that de-scribes this whole situation and system of things as it exists to-day. It is 2 Tim. 3 : 1-5 and runs as follows This know also, that in the last days perilous times shall come. For men shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy, with-out natural affection, truce-breakers, false ac-cusers, incontinent, fierce, despisers of those that are good, traitors, heady, highminded, lovers of pleasures more than lovers of God; having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof ; from such turn away. Think of it: a list of nineteen such dark iniquities as these, and all carried on by people having a form of godliness, a people making pretensions to Chris-tianity. And, horrible to tell, they " shall wax worse and worse deceiving and being deceived." Verse 13. And the things which are to accomplish it are being done before the eyes of the people to-day. Is it not high time that whosoever would fear God should " from such turn away ? " May Heaven help the people to see. A. T. J. Is This the Shadow of Corning Events. THE Post-Intelligencer, of Paris, Henry County, Tenn., has in its issue of the 4th inst., this item of news:Š REPAIRS ON JAIL. Messrs. A. H. Lankford, N. S. Hicks and W. R. Collins, committee, have contracted with Messrs. Ed. C. Bates & Co., Clarksville, Tenn., to make needed repairs for the sum of $880.75, the county furnishing wood, nails, etc. The contractors are to tear down the two old cells partially destroyed by fire, tear out the old MBUINERY FURNITURE CARPETS TRUNKS BAGS ETC., ETC. STREETS. 