590 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Militarism Breeding Anarchy. THE tragic death of the Austrian empress very forci-bly calls attention to the menace which great standing armies offer toward the very persons and institutions they are supposed Ł to be maintained to protect. It ap-pears that the assassin who enacted the tragedy which has shocked all Europe and made more uneasy every head that wears a crown, was trained in the principles of anarchy by the hard experience which militarism imposes upon many thousands of citizens in every nation of Eu-rope.. A New York daily presents some important facts relating to this subject, as follows:Š "The coward who stabbed the old Austrian empress `joined the anarchists after his discharge from the Italian army.' "The attention of Americans is again called to the interesting fact that thegreat standing armies of Europe, maintained in the foolish hope of preserving monarchical systems of government, are really the most dangerous menace to such systems. "In the Italian army, as in the German and other European armies, scores of thousands of young men are forced against their will to enlist every year. They are treated more like beasts than human beings. Their petty,  officers abuse them, curse them, and strike them. They are worked mercilessly, fed but little, paid two or three cent- a day, and filled with hatred of official power and with hatred of the national uniform. "In old days the peaceful peasant on his farm looked upon the king as a fighting leader, who hired, soldiers for life to fight for the country and defend the farm. The peasant lived and died in sight of the house where he was born, and he never thought at all save thoughts such as come from the association with cows and pigs and other peasants of the same hamlet. He was content. "The peasant to-day, when he reaches manhood, is dragged from home and forced to enlist. He is separated for three years from his young wife or sweetheart, treated like an animal, and often made one. He is taken to the big cities, associates with old men eager to fill his young mind with ideas of revolt. He is forced to see, feel, un-derstand, and resent social and financial in equality. "At home, in the village, he was as fortunate as those about him. He dug in the fields and walked long miles each day. His fellows did the same. "But he goes to Berlin or to Paris, to be splashed by the mud of fine carriages and filled with envious longings for what he can never have. "The abuse of officers completes the work." That is the way it is under the system of militarism in Europe; and there can be nodoubt that militarism would create essentially the same conditions here. Idleness, hard times, discontent, anarchy,Šthese are the fruits of militarism, in their logical order. And we have enough of them in the country as it is. Militarism is not a pro-tection, but a menace, to the nation. THE Italian government has refused to take part in the proposed peace conference if the pope is allayed to participate. The Unfolding of Two Principles.-2. THE UNACCOUNTABLE .ELEMENT. FOR a time harmony prevailed throughout creation, all things proclaiming and exemplifying the character and government of love. But sin, the transgression of love's law, the discord in love's harmony, the foreign, unaccountable element, intruded itself into God's gov-ernment, and brought in the jangle, the sorrow, the dis-cord, the disorder, that now prevails to so large an ex-tent on earth. This disorder, permitted to grow and disseminate, would hurl the whole creation into chaos, and if possible jeopardize the throne of eternal omnipo-tent Love. WHEN IT ORIGINATED. Sin originated in one who filled up the sum of all cre-ated intelligences. Christ or the Word was the only be-gotten of the Father. But Lucifer was the highest of all created beings, full of wisdom and perfect in beauty. Eze. 28:12. The very beginning of that first sin, origin-ated in a doubt of the love of infinite Love, a doubt of the existence of that very character by which a sovereign of all things may exist and may reign: for,  only one who could deserve, and because of this, command the trust of all creatures, could exist as universal sovereign, as it is not in the nature of anything else but love to command trust by which all things may consist The first doubt of infinite Love questioned its exist-ence, the next led to the deception that it dwelt in the heart of the doubter alone. The first doubt of infinite Love underrated God, miscomprehended him, and the second overestimated the source of doubt; for Lucifer, son of the morning, or light-bearer, turned to his own glory, given him of infinite Love, and because pf the beauty he found, corrupted himself. The record says. "Thine heart was lifted up because of thy beauty; thou halt corrupted thy wisdom by reason of thy brightness." Eze. 28:17. WHERE IT LED. Doubt of infinite Love perverted the mind of thegreat angel, until the very blessings of God, given him to proclaim and exemplify the character and government of love,Šthe highest possible missionŠhe turned to such a use as wrought his degradation. He sought by them to depose the God of love, and exalt himself to a placein 