322 AMERICAN SENTINEL. unequivocal denial of the doctrine which is proclaimed upon American soil in the year 1899, by Anglo-Saxons in the name of Anglo-Saxon civilization. The doctrine of arbitrary power is a violation of both the spirit and the letter of "the great Charter to which from age to age men have looked back as the groundwork of English liberty," and to which Anglo-Saxons have always ap-pealed from the aggressions and usurpations of power. The close of the nineteenth century witnesses the adop-tion by Americans of the principles of government which Englishmen emphatically denied at the beginning of the thirteenth century. 7. The reason that is offered as to why it is all right for the American Government to proceed upon the prin-ciples of arbitrary power in defiance of the Declaration and the Constitution, is that the men who assume and who will exercise this power are too good, too just, too wise. and too humane to oppress anybody! 8. All human history echoes the words of the Scrip-tures, "On the side of their oppressors there was power." Despotic sovereigns were not born tyrants; by nature they were not worse than other men. They became des-potic and cruel when they gained possession of power over their fellowmen. Human nature has never proved capable of restraining itself when in the possession of arbitrary power. 9. The language of inspiration has pronounced the exercise of such power "rebellion and supercilious con-tempt," and has branded the man who exercised it as "the extremely impious rebel." 10. The goodness which claims the right to trample on law is the worst thing in the universe. Why is it that Americans will say and do such things? Why is it that all the lessons of human history, and especially the lessons of their own glorious history, are to be thrown aside? Why is it that all that the Ameri-can Government has stood for in the world is to be trampled under foot as worse than nothing? The con-clusion reached by Congressman Champ Clark, of Mis-souri, during the last session of Congress, is not a figure of speech, but is the literal truth. He said:Š "What subtle poison is working in the blood to pro-duce a result so puzzling and so contradictory to our history and traditions? The evil one himself must have laid a spell upon the American mind for the purpose of luring to its destruction this great 'Republic, the last hope of constitutional government on the whole face of the earth." But why does the evil one lure this Republic to de-struction? Ah, he who has ruled the nation in anger, and whose continual stroke has been in wrath, knows that his oppressions must soon cease, and because he has but a short time he now has "great wrath." He is luring all nations to destruction; he is gathering them for the great battle of Armageddon. This nation could not go the way of all the nations until its principles were subverted; but when its principles are subverted all go  faster than ever, because it has been those principles that have held the nations back from the full control of the evil one. He has therefore been the most active in Ł the repudiation of those principles. A few short months ago the great powers of Europe could have declared war and this nation would not have been involved. The evil. one has so arranged things and so "laid a spell upon the American mind," that to-day if England should declare war this nation would be one of the first involved. The evil one has so arranged things that the nations instead of looking to this nation and being drawn toward peace and quietness and liberty, look, and then call for an increase of the armaments under which they are already staggering. The luring to destruction of this great Republic is something that is of the deepest meaning, not only to the people of this country, but to the people of every country. It marks the closing work of the arch-deceiver among the nations of the earth. Why is it that with the assumption of the powers that have made all the tyrants and despots of history, such high professions of humanity and benevolence are made? Why is it that the professions of goodness and of disinterested benevolence over reach themselves and become nauseating, even exciting the contempt and dis-gust of European powers? Ah, it is written in the proph-ecy which this nation is fulfilling that "through his policy also he shall cause craft to prosper in his hand; and he shall magnify himself in his heart, and by peace shall destroy many." That was true of the imperial republic of Rome, and it is true of the image of the im-perial republic, of Rome. In the one case, the dragon spoke, in the other the image speaks "as a dragon." The prophecy is as true of the image as of the original beast. That is why Congressman Charles F. Cochran could say three months ago in Congress:Š "Why, sir, Froude's picture of the fall of the Roman Republic so aptly describes conditions now prevailing in the United States that, if unapprised of the subject un-der examination, one might readily mistake the great historian's picture of the last days of Roman liberty for a portraiture of the American Republic at this very hour." In this series of articles we have had much to say of that glorious document written as the supreme law of this country by men who have long since passed into the grave. We have pointed out that which living men declare is to take its place. We do not contend that the living are bound by the dead. But we do say that there are some things that are affected neither by the living nor the dead. In conclusion we quote from a letter written by Thomas Jefferson to Major Cartwright, an English gentleman, and dated Monticello, Virginia, June 5, 1824t:Š f Since the above was written something has occurred which makes this quotation from Jefferson doubly applicable. A preacher of wide reputation at a mass meeting of national, it not of international, importance which 