[30 iTHr AMERICAN SENTINEL. profession of Christianity does not make men honest, and that the powerful and popular churches, which are so much concerned for the morals of our city, State, and general governments, have more than enough to do to purge them-selves of debasing political methods with-out spending so much time in fruitless endeavors to secure complimentary votes and meaningless resolutions that "we are a Christian people," that "this is a Christian Nation," and that the "Ameri-can Sabbath must be preserved." The Church has fallen upon evil times, and about the worst feature of the whole business is, that leaders in the Church are looking to about everything but the power of the gospel to purify both the Church and the world. -4- A Specious Plea. AT the hearings before the House Com-mittee on the World's Fair, in which those who advocated the Sunday closing of the Exposition, by act of Congress, presented their views, no arguments were offered. The reasons given why Congress should be asked to do this were based solely on religious sentiment and prece-dent. The field of religious precedent in law, was swept, from the commission to Columbus from the king and queen of Spain, through the colonial charters and their Church and State wordings, and the fragmentary survival of the union of re-ligion and the State found in State Con-stitutions, statutes, and judicial decisions, down to the last opinion of Mr. Justice Brewer, that this is a "Christian Nation." This most extensive array of erroneous precedent backed up by petitioners, said to be several millions in. number, and the claim that there were at least eighteen millions of professed Christians in this country whose " wishes were entitled to respect," seemed to be wholly relied upon as sufficient to carry the day with the Committee and Congress. Either of these claims ought to be sufficient to excite the suspicion of every thoughtful, clear-minded legislator. The error of reli-gious precedent in our law has already be-come colossal. That the time has again come when this error begins to claim the fact of its existence as proof sufficient that it exists by divine right and is therefore of superior authority in civil affairs, cer-tainly should rouse the attention of the American people, much more those to whom is entrusted the care of the legis-lative and judicial interests of the Nation, to the impending possibilities of this re-ligious movement to still farther increase the force and authority of precedent by which it already claims to rule. The very precedents quoted are them-selves the strongest evidences possible that this line of legislation and decree should be followed no farther. The fact that subservience to the wishes of a religious aristocracy is asked so boldly, and with such insistence, is sufficient cause for alarm. That all who profess even the forms of Christianity, and that however hypocritically, are counted in to swell the ranks of the aristocracy of religion is in itself enough to excite suspicion. That among those they enumerate are many thoughtful men and women, whose hearts and minds are the abode of religion pure and undefiled, who disagree wholly with this course which their Bible tells them is the spiritual adultery of the Church with the world, and still they are counted as  favoring that with which they are at total variance, this, if there were no more, must raise a grave doubt as to the safety of listening to the demands of a minority so constituted, and which bases its require-ments upon the arrogant assumption that it is the moral and spiritual " 400" of this country. In perfect consonance with these claims, but still more specious was the plea made at one of these hearings before the com-mittee, that " this Government has no right to use the money of the people to support an Exposition which opens its doors on Sunday contrary to the wishes of so many of the people who pay the taxes from which that money is taken." There is a difficulty with this proposition. Is it a proposition in pure civics ? If it is it will apply universally. Because there are so many citizens so strenuously opposed to the tariff laws as they now exist, money drawn from them in taxes, if they object, must not be appropriated for the enforce-ment of -the tariff and the collection of duties under it. Because so many Amer-ican citizens are politically such earnest Republicans, if they should object, no money drawn from them by taxation could be appropriated for the expenditures of a Democratic House of Representatives. On the same principle precisely, because there are so many Sunday-keepers in this country the money drawn from the people by taxation cannot be appropriated for the use of an Exposition which may keep open on Sunday. If these are all purely civil questions they are all on the same footing, and the same principle will apply to all. But the absurdity is self-evident. The plea is specious, it contains a factor which is extra-civil, and that is that this is a " Christian Nation." The objection is made because of religious conviction. But that destroys the civil plea entirely. It is not a question in pure civics, and so Con-gress cannot decide it. Those to whom the paying of taxes is contrary to con-science have but one recourse, that is to follow the Bible injunction an distribute their wealth among the poor; then hav-ing lent their substance to the Lord it will be beyond the reach of the tax-col- lector. W. H. M. For the the Institution and Not the People. THAT the demand for the Sunday clos-ing of the World's Fair, like the demand for Sunday closing and Sunday legisla-tion in general, springs from a determin-ation to perpetuate a religious institution and enforce it upon the people "gently or otherwise," the following from leaflet No. 42 of the Sabbath Observance Department of the Women's Christian Temperance Union clearly shows :Š That the Sabbath might be protected and honored, it was unanimously decided that we must stand as a unit for closed gates. It is for the protection and honoring of " the Sabbath," then, the demand for closed gates is made, and not for the pro-tection and security of the people. Likewise the first topic suggested by the World's Sabbath Observance Union for prayers and praise during the week (April 6-12) last appointed, as a " week of prayer for the Sabbath," was, Š A large outpouring of the Holy Spirit on divine ordinances, especially on the Lord's day. In the past the Lord has usually poured out his Spirit upon the people rather than upon ordinances; but in this case it seems  that it is the " divine ordinances," espe-cially Sunday, that seem to be in need of a blessing. There is one day in. the week which the sacred word says God blessed, but that was Saturday, the seventh day, and not Sunday. The advocates of Sun-day laws expect to corral the first day, and hold it for the Lord to pour out his Spirit upon that and bless that also. From the earliest days of the worshipers of the sun down to the mingling of heathen ordi-nances with Christian rites and ceremonies, and even until now it seems to have gone without a blessing. Without a divine command for its observance or a divine blessing for its sanctification, why should it be thought strange that those who still persist in observing it should demand law for its protection, and still be praying for a " large outpouring of the Holy Spirit upon it?" But for all this it is the people and not the institution, that need the Holy Spirit. If they had sufficient of this, divine ordinances (those set apart by God) would not suffer, for "when he, the Spirit of truth is come," said Christ, " he will guide you into all truth." W. A. COLCORD. Ł Shall Congress Adopt This Proviso? AT the hearing, lately held before the House Committee on the World's Fair, this proviso was offered for insertion in the bill to further appropriate five mil-lions of dollars to assist in defraying the expense of preparation for the World's Fair at Chicago :Š Provided, however, That no part of the sum ap-propriated by this section shall be paid until the corporation organized under the laws of the State of Illinois, known as " The World's Exposition of Eighteen Hundred and Ninety-two," and said World's Columbian Commission, shall stipulate in writing that the said Exposition shall not be opened to the public on Sundays. It has been claimed by those who offer the proviso that it was drawn by Justice Strong, retired Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States; and Elliott F. Shepard said, in his printed brief, that Justice Strong had declared that " the proposed clause would not be obnoxious to the national Constitution ;" and, as thus it was certain that it had passed un-der his supervision at least, the impres-sion was conveyed that it had met with his approval. If this is so it is certainly probable that the superficial, legal require-tents of the case will certainly be met in the clause and the statement of the legal status of the matter found in it will be accurate. It is well then to look at the proviso and find what that is. It is found in the unreserved acknowledgment of the full authority of the "Corporation or-ganized under the laws of the State of Illinois " over-  the Exposition as a business and financial matter. This is further shown by the fact that the proviso requires that the corporation and its advisory com-mission shall stipulate in writing their compliance with a certain condition pre-cedent. This in itself shows that in the mind of the writer of the clause Congress had no authority over the corporation to require compliance, otherwise it would not be necessary that the corporation should enter into any written contract binding itself to the performance of this particular act. It is acknowledged then by this pro-viso that the World's Fair is a business enterprise, the control of which is vested in a stock company under the laws of the State of Illinois. Nowhere in this clause 