.520 AMERICAN .SENTINEL. THE Dutch churches of Cape Town, Africa, have ap-pointed August 20 as a special day of prayer for peace, in the hope of averting the war which seems imminent between England and the Transvaal. * PRESS dispatches state that a shipload of dynamite guns is to be sent to General Otis, for use against the Philippine natives. These deadly machines are expected to greatly facilitate the process of "benevolent assimi-lation" in those islands. Ł * A "CHRISTIAN Prohibition League" has been organ-ized at Sioux Falls, S. D. Its motto is: "The church solid for prohibition; when the church says go, and votes no, then the saloon will go."ŠNeal Dow. The membership pledges its political support to a party that shall stand for prohibition in its platform. * THE Peace Congress at The Hague were unanimous upon one point in considering the question of mitigat-ing the barbarities of warŠthey agreed not to drop ex-plosives upon an enemy from balloons. This exception to the general disagreement is explainable in the light of the fact that the feasibility of such a means of attack-ing an enemy has never yet been demonStrated. * * * A DISPATCH from San Sebastian, Spain, says that the republican and socialistic parties have agreed to organ-ize a campaign, demanding the expulsion from Spain of all the religious orders. Considering the extent to which Spain is to-day and has been for centuries dominated by these orders, it is evident that this political combination has undertaken a tremendous task. * IN Roman Catholic Austria the "Evangelical Party" is making a fight for religious liberty, but is meeting with opposition from the courts. A recent court de-cision against the Evangelicals is being utilized by their papal opponents to compel all children to receive the religious instruction of the church in which their parents were born; in other words, to be educated to become Roman Catholics. THE archbishop of Durango, Mexico, recently said of the Catholic Church in Catholic American countries: "The Catholic Church in Latin America does not wield the power it formerly did. All the governments there are against it. Despite continuous attacks, however, it has not lost one inch of ground with the people." * * * The archbishop convicts himself of error; for if the former of his statements be true, the latter cannot be correct. As an exchange observes, "It is obviousŠwith-out regard to abundant proofs in our possessionŠthat if every government in Latin America were opposed to the Roman Catholic Church it would be impossible that it should not lose an inch of ground with the people. It must have lost many inches, or those governments never would have changed from not only willing allies but servile subjects of the Roman Catholic Church, into open opponents of the church; or if not open opponents, guar-antors of religious freedom." That all these governments are now opposing the papal church, is a plain matter of current history. The last stronghold of the papacy in Latin AmericaŠEcua-dorŠis throwing off the Roman shackles from the civil government. All these governments realize now that union with the papacy is no source of strength to them, Šthat the union of church and state does not strengthen the arms of the state, but paralyzes them. And this would be just as true if the churchconeerned in the union were any other than the Roman Catholic. * THERE is to be no Parliament of Religions at the Paris Exposition as there was in Chicago. But there will be held a congress for the scientific study of religion, like that in Stockholm two years ago, but larger. It will treat religion purely from a social and historic point of view. The program is as follows: (1) Religions of the uncivilized races, as of America before Columbus; (2) Religions of the extreme Orient; (3) Religions of India, and (4) of Persia; (5) Semitic religions, including Egypt; (6) Religions of Greece and Rome; (7) Germanic, Scan-dinavian and Slavic religions; (8) Christian religions. The congress will meet the first week of September,1900. THE State Democratic convention of Maryland, as-sembled August 2, adopted among other resolutions, the following:Š "No deadlier blow can be dealt to American lib-erty than the suppression, by an abuse of executive power, of the free utterance of American freemen of their sentiments upon matters of public concern affecting the welfare of the people, and we denounce as dangerous and indefensible all efforts to interfere with and abridge this sacred right." 