184 A.MigitICAN Vol.. 9, No. 23. NEW YORK, JUNE 7, 1894. ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. THE case against Elder W. A. McCutchen and Prof. Elmer C. Keck, at Gainesville, Ga., for Sunday work, has been postponed by request of the prosecuting attorney until August. Some doubt is expressed that the case will ever be tried again. IT seems that the cause of legal Sunday sacredness is not to lose its influential champion, Col. W. C. P. Breckinridge, the self-confessed adulterer, and father of the Breckinridge Sunday bill. It is said that his renomination and re-election are now assured. WE print this week the conclusion of the brief of W. L. Carter, of counsel for the defense in the Capps case before the Tennessee Supreme Court. It is an able, candid, and temperate presentation of the law and precedents in such cases; and is withal convincing; nevertheless it failed to so impress the court, and the decision of the lower court has been affirmed. This commits Tennessee fully to a course of religious persecution under the forms of law, but without any statute author-izing anything of the kind. Sabbath-keepers in that State may as well be prepared for the worst. The courts stand ready to do the bidding of religious preju-dice, bigotry and intolerance. REFERRING to the Capps case the Jack-son Daily Whig says :Š The supreme court, Judge McAlister delivering the opinion of the court, yesterday morning affirmed the case of W. B. Capps vs. the State, a case appealed from Weakley County. Capps is a Seventh-day Adventist, and believes that Saturday is the Sabbath of the Bible, and that there is no divine warrant for changing the Sabbath from Saturday to Sunday. He acted upon his conviction and kept Saturday as his Sabbath and true day of rest. On Sunday he went forth to his work, plowing, cutting stalks, etc. This shocked the sensibilities of his neighbors whose attention was attracted by the un-usual spectacle. Capps was indicted in the circuit court of Weakley County, and there being no dispute as to facts, he was convicted, and Judge Swiggart fined him $10. The defendant claimed, of course, that he had committed no offense, and that his arrest and fine were illegal and unconstitutional and violative of that religious liberty guaranteed to all citizens of the United States by the Constitution thereof. Judge McAlister said that the settled law of this State was against the defendant, and referred espe-cially to the recent case of King vs. the State. The judgment of the lower court was affirmed. The sentence of the court may seem light, but it is sufficient to keep Mr. Capps in jail for not less than sixty days. The fine alone,-,at twenty-five cents per day, the credit allowed by the State, is equiva-lent to forty days in jail, while the costs will make it considerably more. THE probate court at Buffalo has been asked to decide a question which may prove to be as far-reaching in its conse-quences as any ever decided by any court. Nothwithstanding constitutional guaran-tees of religious liberty, the courts of the United States, and. of various States, have from time to time assumed to say that this is a Christian nation, and that Chris-tianity is a part of the law of the land, etc. But aside from Sunday observance it has not been very clearly defined what constituted the official Christianity which is a part of our common law, or that in the case of the country at large consti-tutes this a " Christian nation." The Buffalo decision may aid materially in elucidating this question and in adding another article to the national creed. The question to be decided by the Buf-falo court has been stated thus :Š Is the soul immortal ? Do masses celebrated by the Roman Catholic Church benefit the dead ? The facts which raised this question, or these questions, rather, have been given thus : Mrs Catherine Backus, who died in Buffalo last January, bequeathed her es-tate, consisting of $1,000 in cash, to Nich-olas Bashman as trustee, to be expended by him for masses " for the benefit of my poor soul and that of my deceased hus-band." Mrs Backus' children contested the will on the grounds that the trustee was invested with too much discretionary power and that the soul is at best an in-tangible legatee, and that there is no com-petent evidence before the court that Mrs. Backus or her husband was possessed of a soul for which a trust might be held. Great possibilities are bound up in this question. We have for a long time known that sooner or later the dogma of the immortality of the soul would be officially indorsed by our Government, but just how this was to be brought about was not easy to see. But the Buffalo case points out the probable course the matter will take. Once in the courts the dogma of natural immortality, or life without Christ, can easily become an article of governmental religion. MAY 25, the General Assembly of the Southern Presbyterian Church, in session at Nashville, declined to sustain the ap-peal of the Charleston Presbytery against the synod of South Carolina in the cele-brated Means case. Miss Sadie M. Means, an employde of the Telephone Exchange in Columbia, S. C., was dismissed by the session of the Second Presbyterian Church of that city for violation of the Sabbath, in that she performed her duties at the exchange on Sunday from 9 o'clock A. M., until 1 o'clock P. M. A. M. Monteith and Emma M. Monteith, brother-in-law and sister of Miss Means, appealed the case to Charleston Presbytery, and the presbytery indorsed the action of the session. The appeal was then carried to the synod of South Carolina, and this body reversed  the action of the presbytery of the session and ordered Miss Means restored to the church. This the session failed to do, and Charles-ton Presbytery appealed to the general assembly. The vote to sustain was 48; to partially sustain, 8; not to sustain, 77. The effect of this action of the assembly will be that Miss Means will be restored to communion in the Second Presbyterian Church. This action is fitting. Sunday being only an institution of the church, resting only upon human authority, it is em-inently proper that churches should define the relation of their members to it. The Southern Presbyterian Church evidently recognizes the fact that there is no divine command for Sunday observance, else the highest court of that church would scarcely dare to excuse people from keeping it holy. AN Oshkosh, Wis., paper says, " The Sunday Observance Society has by no means gone to sleep. Another public meeting of the society will be held on Wednesday evening at the First Method-ist Church, the other evangelical churches having adjourned their regular prayer-meetings for that purpose. Several speak-ers and interesting music have been secured for that occasion." And yet we are told the Sunday is a civil institution and that Sunday laws are in no wise religious. But the churches adjourn their prayer meetings to secure their enforcement. Do they do this for any other " civil " law ? Nos. 119 and 121 of the Bible Students' Library have reached our table. These are both good numbers. No. 119, " The Kingdom of Christ," contains 16 pages, and shows in an interest-ing way the nature of the kingdom and its subjects, and when and how it will be establishedŠnot when as to definite time, but in its relation to other events. Price, 2 cents. No. 121, " The Temporal Millennium," is a 24 page tract It should be in the hands of every lover of Bible truth for on few points do the people need instruction more than on this one. The doctrine of a temporal millennium is a soul-destroying delusion, and this tract is well calculated to make this fact clear to the reader. Price, 3 cents. Order of Pacific Press, 43 Bond Street, New York City. CHARLES F. PARMELE, Mount Holly, N. J., desires late, clean copies of the AMERICAN SENTINEL for missionary work. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything  tending  toward a union of Church and state, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 eopies to one address, per year, - 90c 25 to 99 " " " " - - - 80c 100 to 249 " " " " - - 75c if 250 to 499 " " " " " - - - 70c 500 to 999 " " " " - - 65c " 1000 or more " " " " - - - 60c To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 