OCTOBER 1, 1896. AsIVILEILLEC3A..N SIGN 901N11-11, 307 ing heretics for that reason alone? Most assuredly." (Italics mine.) " Never could she countenance or en-courage a formal heretic, a foe to civ-ilization, a barrier in the way to sal-vation, to scatter his poisons unmo-lested." 11. " To establish an inquisition, Ferdi-nand asked permission of Pope Sixtus I. That pontiff, however, was first unwilling to grant the request [the confiscated property of "heretics" went to the Spanish king instead of to the Roman Pope], but was so urged by the Court of Spain, that he finally agreed, and in the year 1478 the Spanish Inquisition sprang into exist-ence." 12. " The permission of Rome was neces-sary for many reasons, but chiefly for two: First, because the men who were appointed as inquisitors by the Court of Spain were priests and prelates and theologians of the church, and were for that reason under the jurisdiction of the popes; and secondly, and most especially, because the Inquisition was instituted to try people on matters of faith!" 13. "Numbers of them [the Jews] . . . pretended to profess the Catholic faith, . . . and even were found among the priests and prelates of the church of God;" "but since there was no doubt but that very many of the Jews were honest in their conversion, what to do was a very perplexing question. Hence arose a great difficultyŠa diffi-culty, which, as all will agree, could be overcome only by an inquisition." 14. " Often was the tribunal at variance with the popes, and most frequently were the victims condemned by the Inquisition pardoned on appealing to the successor of Peter, . . . so serious were the frictions between them that several times the Holy See threat-ened the Spanish inquisitors with ex-communication." 15. " But the fact of the matter is there were no outrages committed by the Spanish Inquisition." "Mariani says that during the whole Inquisition about two thousand were killed." Torque-mada was a "pure, just, humane, in-corrupted, and undaunted inquisitor." 16. "Llorente tells us that on February 12, 1486, seven hundred victims were punished; but even granting these fig-ures to be correct, he does not add that a single one of these victims was put to death." 17. " When, then we say that those found guilty were compelled to make the `auto dafe,' we mean that those who were publicly brought to trial and forthwith condemned and punished, were obliged to make some outward manifestation that they were really members of the church of Christ." 18. " In fact, the Inquisition was a very merciful tribunal; I- repeat it, almost a compassionate tribunal. Very few of those condemned were sentenced to death; and a man was only allowed to be racked once, which no one can deny was a most wonderful leniency in those times." Was the Inquisition "Strictly Secular "? The church should not be held responsible, says this Roman Catholic champion, for the Spanish Inquisition, because it was "strictly secular" (1), although he confesses it was  founded by Roman Catholics (11) with the permission of the Pope (11), was presided over by Roman Catholic priests, prelates and theologians (12), who were under the juris-diction of the Pope (12); and "was instituted to try people on matters of faith" (12). How can it be pleaded that the Spanish In-quisition was strictly secular (1) when "king and subject, rich and poor, priest and people" were Roman Catholics (4)? when all the laws were tinged with Roman Catholicism (8)? when Roman Catholics enacted laws and punishments in keeping with their religious convictions (6)? when, " to put it briefly, there was the greatest union of Church and State" (6)? - If the people of England, members of the English Church, were to establish an inquisi-tion by permission of the Anglican arch-bishops, and would install as inquisitors cler-gymen of the English Church, and arrest, condemn, rack and burn Roman Catholics because they taught doctrines contrary to the teachings of the Church of England, would Roman Catholics permit the English Church to escape from the odium by the childish dodge that the civil authorities were wholly responsible, and that the Church of England was entirely blameless? Roman Catholics would ridicule such an attempt to escape re-sponsibility. Then how can Roman Catho-lics expect intelligent men to accept such pit-iable excuses for her bloody crimes? A Dilemma. Why try to relieve the church of the re-sponsibility of the Spanish Inquisition by as-serting that the Pope, while giving his sanc-tion to the Spanish inquisition (11), yet threatened to excommunicate the inquisitors for their cruelty (14), when in another para-graph it is asserted that the Spanish Inquisi-tion was an absolute necessity (13); that it was not cruel (15) but a "merciful," " com-passionate tribunal" (17); that its inquisi-tor-general was a "just," "humane" "inqui-sitor" (15)? Did the infallible Pope threaten to excommunicate a necessary, merciful, com-passionate body of inquisitors because of their cruelty! ! Rome on Church and State. According to this defense of the Inquisi-tion, the only proper relation of Church and State is a " union of Church and State" (6), a " beautiful marriage of civil and religious institutions" (7). The laws of the State should be tinged with Catholicity and "car-ried out in keeping with the principles of the universal Church" (8). Rome's Definition of a Heretic. Since the Roman Catholic Church ought to be united to the State, it follows that any one who teaches contrary to the doctrines of the Roman Church in countries where Rome is dominant is "an enemy to the State" (5), "a disturber of the public peace, and an ma-derminer of civil society" (6), " a foe to civ-ilization" (10). But besides being a traitor to the State, every Protestant, according to Rome's defini-tion, is a "barrier in the way of salvation" (10), and for that reason alone the Roman Church is "most assuredly " justified in punishing him (10). Rome's Definition of Merciful Punishment. "Very merciful," " compassionate " treat-ment for Protestants or heretics is to rack them once (17). Webster defines a rack thus: " An engine of torture, consisting of a large frame, upon which the body was gradually stretched until sometimes the joints were dis- located." If tearing muscles and sinews and dislocating bones is in the mind of a Roman- ist merciful, compassionate treatment of Prot-estants, what would in their minds be justice to such " heretics"? The papal champion argues that the inqui-sitors punished heretics, but very few were sentenced to death (17). But this is no jus-tification. Ordinary death would be wel-comed with joy by the man or woman who was the victim of an inquisitorial dungeon or rack. The Inquisition is defended on the ground that racking a man once was merciful, com-passionate, " wonderful leniency in those times" (17). But if racking, sanctioned by the priests and prelates of the church, the highest types of Catholicism, was won-derful leniency, what must have been the spirit of the times! And who were re- sponsible for the spirit of the " times " ? For centuries the Roman Catholic Church was the dominant church. Those who taught differently were driven into exile. " In the times of which we speak all the world embraced the teachings of the Catholic Church" (4), "prince and peasant, priest and people, all believed her doctrines (4); schools and churches, assemblies and meeting-houses echoed and reechoed with her tenets and doctrines" (4). Who, if not the Roman Church, was therefore responsible for the barbarity of the "times "? The Inquisition Probes for Heart Motives. The article under consideration defends the Inquisition on the ground that it was nec-essary to discover the motives of the heart. Under the Spanish union of Church and State the Jews were handicapped in the race for wealth and political honor. Consequently, some professed conversion, and so complete was the deception that many of them were consecrated as "priests" and advanced to po-sitions of "prelates " of the Roman Church (13). Some of the converted Jews were be-lieved to be honest-hearted believers (13), but to ascertain what was in the hearts of all it was necessary to place the doubtful convert on the rack (17) and dislocate his bones and tear his tendons from their fastenings in order to reach his heart. How "Heretics" are " Really and Truly " Made Roman Catholics. The writer of the "defense" under consid-eration gives us a method of " really and truly" making "heretics" Roman Catholics that is deserving of attention. First estab-lish an inquisition, then interdict " heretics of every description" (9), that is, every per-son who teaches contrary to the doctrines of the Romish Church. Next fasten their limbs to an adjustable wooden frame, then enlarge this frame so as to stretch the muscles of the victim and dislocate his joints. This will cause excruciating pain. Proceed with this process slowly, and occasionally ask the vic-tim if he is not persuaded that he is or ought to be a member of the " only true church." If he says " no," stretch his limbs still more, increase the pain, and then repeat the ques-tion. In a majority of cases the victim under these conditions will express a desire to join the church. If, however, it is feared that when he escapes he will change his mind put him to death while he is really and truly a member of the church that he may not later apostatize and lose his soul. A Contrast. The method of the Lord Jesus was to say: " Come unto me, all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest. Take 