458 AMERICAN SENTINEL. . . . Notwithstanding the bright dress and gay trap-pings which war puts on, in the light of true American citizenship it is a hateful thing, which we should shun and avoid as antagonistic to the objects of our national existence. If you believe this you should stand bravely foryour belief; even though a shower of stupid catcalls may fill the air. . . . If you are tempted pleasantly to drift with the current of thoughtless popular sentiment, -look carefully to see if the stream runs in a safe direc-tion." Altogether this second speech was the soundest and wisest utterance from a political standpoint that had been delivered on the subject up to that time, and there will be no question as to which of the two is more in accord with those words of Scripture, Seek peace, and -pursue it," and "As much as lieth in you, live peaceably with all men." But nowhere does the speaker claim that he is urging that which has been the purpose of "a great 'Christian nation," nor does he claim that "the blessing of God" will attend an adherence to original principles, or that such adherence is "the career that God has marked for us in the world." He simply refers to "the rules and motives that have thus far governed our na-tional life;" that experience has shown them to be cor-rect, and that therefore they should not be abandoned. As if .:to make the contrast more striking these speeches were reported side by side in a prominent newspaper, and at the very point in the column where one declared that the new policy was "the career that God has marked for us in the world," the other, just across the column rule, de-clared that "the rules and motives that have thus far governed" our national life forbid such dangerous per-versions." We wish to impress the fact that truth, justice, and uprightness need no cant. It is infinitely better to de-clare what is just and upright and attribute it to no higher source than the "rules and motives that have thus far governed," than it is to mingle with false principles the most reverent and pious expressions. God has long ago proclaimed that it is an amending of the ways, an execution of judgment between a man and his neighbor, a withholding of the hand from oppression and blood,  and not a trust in profitless and lying words that secures his blessing. Justice and judgment are the habitation of his throne, and wherever they are found, even if unac-companied by formal declarations, he is there just so certainly as he is not with that piety that would serve as a cover for the baldness of injustice, pride, ambition, and conquest. Such piety is indeed a drawing nigh with the lips, but in this instance the heart is evidently far away in Puerto Rico, Cuba, Hawaii, and the Philippines. This is the kind of piety that, mistaking words for godliness, would "acknowledge" God in the Constitution by excluding therefrom his principles of justice and liberty which are the guarantees of the dearest rights that he has conferred upon man. This is the kind of piety that is so anxious to obtain a formal "Sabbath" observance that it im_  prisons upright and God-fearing men. It is the kind of piety that indeed sayeth, "LOrd, Lord," but which is un-known in heaven, and which will finally hear the words, "Depart from me; I never knew you." When Mr. Burke was remonstrating with the minis-ters of George III. against the folly and inconsistency of their course in taxing the American colonies, he exclaimed: "Do you mean'to tax America, and to draw a productive revenue from thence? If you do, speak out: name, fix, ascertain, this revenue; settle its quantity, define its objects; provide for its collection; and then fight, when you have something to fight for. If you murder, rob; If you kill, take possession; and do not appear in the character of madmen as well as assassins." In like man_ ner it may be said to those preachers and orators who to-day stimulate and attempt to sanctify the ambition for conquest: Do you mean to take and control foreign possessions, and to draw an increased power and reve-nue from thence? If so, take them, subdue them, and receive all the benefits that they give. Do you mean to pursue the policy of imperialism and aggrandizement in the face of all just principles? If so, pursue it; but do not appear in the character of Christians and benefactors as well as conquerors and dictators. Do not assume the garb of piety and philanthropy when reaching for the scepter of conquest and imperialism. Do not talk of holding and fortifying distant islands "with the blessing of God," or say that that is "the career God has marked for us in the world." And where has God marked this? No one knows, and no one ever can know, for God has marked for us no such thing. He has indeed pointed out for us in prophecy that this would come to pass. But certain preachers and politicians are attending with the utmost expedition to the marking. In this thing is another parallel to Roman history. In the days when republican Rome was expanding her territory "public men spoke conventionally of Providence, that they might throw on their opponents the odium of impiety. . . . The whole spiritual atmosphere was saturated with cantŠcant moral, cant political, cant re-ligious; an affectation of high principle which had ceased to touch the conduct, and flowed on in an increasing vol-ume of insincere and unreal speech." Those who were told that they would never live to see the day when "the starry banner of their country's glory shall be pulled down from any flagstaff where con_ quest of arms has placed it," will not need to live long in order to see that very thing done, and, in common with the majority of their countrymen, to rue the day, ' " When pride and worse ambition threw them down." "When his [Nebuchadnezzar's] heart was lifted up, and his mind hardened in pride, he was deposed froth his kingly throne, and they took his glory from him." Dan. 5:20. That text means to day that when the hearts of the American people are lifted up, and their minds hard- 