314 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL,. view of his personal relation of faith and obedience to God, and can exist only be-tween the individual and God. Thus the right of religious belief inheres in the in-dividual and is only the exercise of the belief of the individual, as his own thought shall lead him with respect to God, and his duty toward God, according to the dictates of his own conscience. And as this is the inherent, absolute and inalien-able right of every individual, as many individuals as may choose, have the right of associating themselves together for mu-tual aid and encouragement. If Mr. Bancroft's views of the national Constitution; as expressed in the above extract, need any confirmation, it can be furnished to any reasonable extent. It may, indeed, be well to give a few facts further in this line, showing that as Mr. Bancroft has expressed the sense of the Constitution in this respect, so upon this question the Constitution expresses the sense of those who formed it. During the whole time in which the preliminary steps were being taken to the formation of the national Constitution, the question of the freedom of religious belief was being thoroughly discussed, and especially by the one man who had more to do with the making of the Con-stitution than any other single individual, except perhaps George Washington. That man was James Madison. June 12, 1776, the Virginia Assembly adopted a Declaration of Rights, section 16 of which contained the following words :Š That religion, or the duty which we owe to our Creator, and the manner of discharging it can be directed only by reason and conviction, not by force or violence ; and therefore all men are equally entitled to the free exercise of religion, according to the dictates of conscience. July 4, following, the Declaration of Independence of all the Colonies was adopted.. Shortly afterwards, the Pres-bytery of Hanover, in Virginia, aided by the Baptists and Quakers; presented a memorial to the Assembly of Virginia, asking that the Episcopalian Church be disestablished in that State, and that the example set by the Declaration of Inde-pendence should be extended to the prac-tice of religion according to section 16 of the Bill of Rights. In this memorial, they said :Š The duty that we owe to our Creator, and the manner of discharging it, can only be directed by reason and conviction, and is nowhere cognizable but" at the-  tribunal of the universal Judge. 4o judge for ourselves and to engage in the exercises of religion agreeable to the dictates of our own conscience is an inalienable right, which upon the principles on which the gospel was first propagated, and the reformation from Popery carried on, can never be transferred to another. The Episcopalian Church was disestab-lished, but in, its' place a move was made to establish a system by which.' a general tax should be levied in support of the Christian religion: Again the Presbytery' of Hanover, the Baptists and the Quakers  came up with a strong memorial in behalf of the free exercise of religious belief, according to the dictates of conscience. Jefferson and Madison gladly and power- fully championed their cause, yet the movement in favor of the general tax was so strong that it was certain to pass if the question came to a vote. Therefore Mad-ison and Jefferson offered a motion that the bill be postponed to the next Assem-bly, and that meantime it be printed and circulated among the people. The motion was carried. Then Madison drafted a memorial and remonstrance in opposition to the bill, and this memorial was circu- lated and discussed more largely among the people than was the bill which it op- posed. One passage reads as follows :Š We remonstrate against the said bill : First, Because we hold it for a fundamental and unde-niable truth, that religion, or the duty which we owe to our Creator, and the manner of discharg-ing it, can be directed only by reason and convic-tion, not by force or violence. The religion, then, of every man must be left to the conviction and conscience of every man; and it is the right of every man to exercise it as these may dictate. This right is in its nature an unalienable right. It is unalienable because the opinions of men, depend-ing only on the evidence contemplated in their own minds, cannot follow the dictates of other men. It is unalienable also, because what is here a right towards men is a duty towards the Creator. It is the duty of every man to render to the Creator such homage, and such only, as he believes to be acceptable to him. This duty is precedent, both in order of time, and in degree of obligation, to the claims of civil society. Before any man can be considered as a member of civil society, he must be considered as a subject of the Governor of the universe; and if a member of civil society who enters into any subordinate association must always do it with a reservation of his duty to the general authority; much more must every man who becomes a member of any particular civil society do it with a saving of his allegiance to the universal Sovereign. We maintain, therefore, that in matters of religion no man's right is abridged by the institution of civil society, and that religion is wholly exempt from its cognizance. Ł Because, finally, the equal right of every citi-zen to the free exercise of his religion, according to the dictates of conscience, is held by the same tenure with all our other rights. If we recur to its origin, it is equally the gift of nature; if we weigh its importance, it cannot be less dear to 'us ; if we consult the declaration of those rights "which pertain to the good people of Virginia as the basis and foundation of government," it is enumerated with equal solemnity, or rather with studied emphasis. Either, then we must say that the will of the Legislature is the only measure of their authority, and that in the plenitude of that authority they may sweep away all our funda-mental rights ; or that they are bound to leave this particular right untouched and sacred. Either we must say that they may control the freedom of the press, may abolish the trial by jury, may swal-low up the executive and judiciary powers of the State; nay, that they may despoil us, of our very right of suffrage, and erect themselves into an in-dependent and hereditary Assembly; or we must say that they have no authority to enact into a law the bill under consideration. This remonstrance created such a tide of opposition to governmental favors to religion that the bill was not only over-!whelraingly defeated, but there was jadopted in its 'ida,ce, Dec. 26, 1785, " the act for establishing religious freedom," declaring that as " Almighty God hath created the mind free," " all acts to influ-ence it by temporal punishments or bur-dens, or by civil incapacitations, tend only to beget habits of hypocrisy and meanness, and are a departure from the plan of the holy Author of our religion, who, being Lord both of body and mind, yet chose not to propagate it by coercions on either, as was in his almighty power to do ; " and thatŠ the impious presumption of legislators and rulers, civil as well as ecclesiastical . . . have as-sumed dominion over the faith of others, setting up their own opinions and modes of thinking as the only true and infallible, and as such endeav-oring to impose them on others, hath established and maintained false religions over the greatest part of the world, and through all time. . . . Be it therefore enacted by the General Assembly, That no man shall be compelled to frequent or sup-port any religious worship, place, or ministry whatsoever, nor shall be enforced, restrained, mo-lested, or burdened in his body or goods, nor shall otherwise suffer on account of his religious opinions or beliefs; but that all men shall be free to pro-fess, and by argument to maintain, their opinions in matters of religion, and that the same shall in no wise diminish, enlarge, or affect their civil capacities. And though we well know that this Assembly, elected by the people for the ordinary purposes of legislation, have no power to restrain the acts of succeeding assemblies, constituted with the powers equal to our own, and that therefore to declare this act irrevocable, would be of no effect in law, yet we are free to declare, and do declare, that the rights hereby asserted are of the natural rights of mankind, and that if any act shall be hereafter passed to repeal the present or to narrow its oper-ation, such act will be an infringement of natural right. Immediately following this splendid campaign, direct steps were taken for the formation of a national Constitution, in which movement Madison was one of the leading spirits; and the experience which he had gained in his campaign in Virginia was by him turned to account in the mak-ing of the national Constitution, and ap-peared in that document, in the clause declaring that. " no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office of public trust under the United States." But even this was not sufficient to satisfy the great majority of the people, whose views had been broadened, and whose ideas had been sharpened, by the memorable contest and victory in Virginia. Therefore an amendment was demanded by many of the States, more fully declar-ing the right of religious belief, and as a consequence, the very first Congress that ever assembled under the Constitution, proposed, and there was adopted, by the approval of the requisite number of States, that which is now the first Amend-ment to the national Constitution, declar-ing that "' Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." Thus it is demonstrated that the words of Bancroft expressed precisely the ideas' of the national Constitution upon this question, and that the freedom of religo 