348 THE AiviRicAN SENTINEL. He Don't Belong. WHEN the field secretary of the American Sabbath Union was "swinging round the circle" last summer, he gave two addresses at Fresno, Cal. Among other questions sent up for him to answer at one of his public meetings, was this one, "Do you indorse the principles of the National Reform Association?"' The evasive answer came with readiness, "I don't belong to that party." After a somewhat lengthy and rambling talk he said, " I am not ashamed of it." Then it seems he doesn't "belong" but has a "warm side" for it. His sympathies are for it and with it. Does lie sustain the same relation to it as he does to the Knights of Labor? At their general assembly last year at Indianapolis, he told them that he was so closely in "accord" with their "principles" that he had almost de-cided to become a Knight himself. He said if he did not it would be because he believed he could "advance" their "principles better as an outside ally." Dr. Crafts gets apparently much "worked up" when anything coining from National Reform sources is brought to bear upon his work. He immediately repudiates it. It is almost pitiful to notice how much pain the galling imputation gives him. He don't belong, it isn't his purpose, etc., yet he's "not ashamed of it." Can lie "ad-vance" its. "principles better as an outside ally" ? Can he do it more service where lie is, just as he can help the Knights more by not belonging to them ? Now let us look at one or two of the principal results wished for, which spring from National Reform principles. The words about to be pre-sented are not those of obscure and indifferent men, but those of leading and zealous advocates: " Constitutional laws punish for false money, weights, and measures, and, of course, Congress es-tablishes a standard for money, weights, and meas-ures. So-Congress must establish a standard of relig-ion," etc.ŠDr. Blanchard, in Pittsburg National Re-form Convention in 1874. " It is the duty of the State, as such, to enter into alliance with the church of Christ, and to profess, ad-here to, defend, and maintain, the true religion." ŠSecretary .L M. Foster, in Christian Statesman, 1884. "To be perfectly plain, I believe that the existence of a Christian Constitution would disfranchise every logically consistent infidel."ŠSecretary W. J. Coleman, in Christian Statesman, Nov. 1, 1883. "Of course a government organized on a basis em-bracing Christianity could not, with propriety, intrust those with office who are hostile to its characteristic faith. And none-of this class have any right to claim that they should be legally eligible to office with those who are bona-fide citizens."ŠChristian Nation, September 15,1886, National Reform organ, New York City. Secretary Foster, in speaking of the National Reformed State, says:Š " The expenses of the church in carrying on her aggressive work, it [the Statej meets in whole or in part out of the public treasury."ŠChristian Statesman, March, 1884. Lastly:Š " But shall we takeŠis it right to take--public money to teach principles, enforce laws, and intro-duce customs to which many members-  of the com-munity are opposed?ŠMost certainly. The gospel from its very nature is aggressive, contemplates the rectification of corrupt, disorderly, and degraded human nature, casts down every high thing that-would exalt itself against the knowledge of God, and brings every thought into captivity to the obedience of Christ."Š Wm. Somerville, in Christian Nation, July 7 and 14, 1886. Here we have a few thingsŠquite a-small crop Šgrowing out of National Reform principles,  viz.: 1. Congress_ to establish a standard of relig-ion. 2. The State to enter into alliance with the ChurchŠChurch .and State union. 3. Disfran-chising infidels, which means everybody " hostile" to the National Reform idea of Christianity. 4. "None of this class" to be treated as "bona-fide citizens." 5. Providing public money to carry on "the aggressive work" of the church, the preachers to be fed out of the "public crib." 6. It is right to so use the public funds, be-cause the gospel is "aggressive" and "casts down" everything that would " exalt " itself against it. In other words, nothing must stand in the way of the National Reform regime, not even the United States treasury, and Dr. Crafts is "not ashamed" of such principles I N. -J. BOWERS, Fresno, Cal. Religious Liberty in Maryland. THE proposition to rear a monument in honor of Lord Baltimore as founder of the colony of Maryland would seem to be eminently proper; for whether we consider the personal character of the man, his zeal and enterprise as the projector of a colony in the New World, or the magnifi-cent results that have attended his settlements on the shores of the Chesapeake, his fame is as truly meritorious as that of the founder of any other commercial enterprise in America. In this day of multiform centennial glorification let not the name of Cecelius Calvert be overlooked. But it is to be hoped that his co-religionistsŠthe RomanistsŠof the present day will not com-promise themselves, nor mar the fair fame of an honorable man of affairs by persisting in claim-ing for him, an honor to which he did not aspire, and an administration of the colony which he had no authority to grantŠthat of being the pioneer, founder, and patron of religious liberty in the American colonies. If the leaders of Romanist thought in the United States, and es-pecially in Maryland, really desire to conciliate their Protestant fellow-citizens, and to verify the truth of history, they have on this occasion a fine opportunity to retire from an offensive and un-tenable positionŠto recede from their wonted claim for Lord BaltimoreŠa claim inconsistent with an essential, abiding principle of their own church; false, in fact, and impossible according to the terms of the charter of Maryland. The writer has in his possession an old folio volume containing a copy of the original charter of Maryland in Latin and English, and colonial records and acts of the assembly from 1637 to 1765. These furnish incontestible evidence that religious liberty in the colony of Maryland was not contemplated by Charles I., who granted the charter; that such liberty was never accorded to the colonists by the proprietor or his lieutenants, and never secured to the freemen by acts of the assembly. On the contrary, acts were at times passed on the subject of religion as intolerant, fierce, and bloody as any to be found in force elsewhere in the Old World or in the New. Com-pared with some of Maryland's "religious lib-erty" enactments, under the Calverts, the "Blue Laws" of Connecticut were "gentle doves," and the laws which hung Quakers in Boston, and witches in Salem, =were righteous regulations. The charter patent granted by Charles I. to Lord Baltimore incorporating the Province of Maryland opens with the usual preamble and the terms of the general purpose of- the grant. ' Then follows a particular designation of--the geograph-ical metes and bounds of the region to be-occupied.  That is followed by an extended enumeration of the rights, franchises, and authority confirmed unto the proprietor, his heirs and assignees, "in and to the region designated, its soils, -woods, marshes, lakes, rivers, bays, islands, etc., with fishings of every kind of fish, as well of whales and sturgeon and other royal fish as of other fish; and, more-over, the opening and working of veins, mines, and quarries." And then occurs the following: "And furthermore, the patronage and advowsons of all churches whichŠwith the increasing wor-ship and religion of ChristŠwithin the said re-gion, islands, islets, and limits aforesaid, hereafter shall happen to be built, together with license and faculty of erecting and founding churches, chapels, and places of worship in convenient and suitable places within the premises, and of caus-ing the same to be dedicated and consecrated ac-cording to the ecclesiastical laws of our kingdom of England; with all and singular such, and as ample rights,' jurisdictions, privileges, preroga-tives, royalties, liberties, immunities, and royal rights, and temporal franchises whatsoever, as well by sea as by land, within the region, islands, islets, and limits aforesaid, to be had, exercised, used, and enjoyed as any Bishop of Durham within the bishopric or countryŠPalatine of Durham, in our kingdom of England, ever heretofore bath had, held, used, or enjoyed, or of right could, or ought to have, hold, use, or enjoy." The above is all that Lord Baltimore's charter contains on the special subject of religion or ecclesiastical affairs. It is proper to explain the reference to "the Palatine county of Durham." At that period there were in England three Pal-atine countiesŠthose of Chester, Lancaster, and Durham. They were called Palatine because the proprietors exercised, each in his county,-  royal prerogatives as a king in his palace. In the case of Durham the bishop was the proprietor, and hence he exercised the chief authority in the county, both civil and ecclesiastical; he was, in fact, a royal bishop of the county, -which was, at the same time, his diocese. Taking, therefore, the Palatine county of Durham and the jurisdic-tion of its bishop proprietor as the model and measure of corresponding authority in Maryland, that colony was thus constituted a Palatine prov-ince, and its proprietor invested with an episcopal oversight of -its churches. But while the proprietor of Maryland was thus invested with Palatine, episcopal authority, the terms of the charter were not mandatory. He might found churches and chapels, but he was not required to found them; and then all such places of worship that might happen to be established must be "dedicated, consecrated," and ordered after the model and according. to the ritual of the established Church of England, ob-served in the Palatine county of Durham. Manifestly, then, according to the terms of his charter, the proprietor of Maryland could not officially tolerate 'any form of dissent from the established Church of England, nor could he lawfully found or dedicate in the province a dis-senting meeting-house, church, or chapel; neither was it in his power, as Lord Palatine of the prov-ince, to authorize or permit other persons to es-tablish within his jurisdiction such places of worship for the use of dissenters from the form-and faith of the Church of Enoland. Much less could Cecilius Calvert, or any of his successors, holding under his original charter, lawfully establish and proclaim- the general prin-ciple Of persbnal religious liberty. The very idea of such liberty was alien to all-existing eccle- 