AuGusT 1, 1895. A.M1b...11,11C.A.N 243 have not heard of any trouble over it. The railroads in Georgia run their locomotives and trains recklessly through the so-called law, fifty-two Sundays every year, and there is no trouble about it. The writer recently saw posted in the Union Depot at Atlanta, the announcement of a regular Sunday excursion, with tickets on sale every Sunday at that depot; and the same number of the Constitu-tion from which we have quoted, publishes a schedule of Sunday trains from the city of Atlanta, the capital of Georgia, a State that sends men to the chain-gang for ordinary farm labor on that day. Why should railroad trains and Sunday papers make no trouble, and.yet men be ar-rested for doing ordinary private work on Sun-day? There is but one answer: It is because the so-called law, which is not law, because violative of the constitution, is made the 'engine of persecution and oppression against those who observe another day, and are in truth persecuted, not for Sunday work, but for Sabbath rest. The trouble which the Constitution fears can be avoided in one of three ways: either let the legislatures of the various States repeal their iniquitous Sunday statutes; or let the Various Supreme Courts declare them uncon-stitutional, as they most certainly are; or let the citizens of the several States, eac man for himself, practice the Golden Rule and cease to invoke against their neighbors these antiquated, unjust, unconstitutional, and ty-rannical statutes. Seventh-day Adventists will make no trouble if they are left in the quiet enjoyment of their God-given rights; but God helping them, they wilt never cease to protest against wrong and injustice, and never consent to yield their consciences into the keeping of the individual, nor of the several States, nor of the United States. WHAT DOES THE "SABBATH RECORDER" MEAN ? E Sabbath Recorder is a Seventh-day Baptist paper, published at Plainfield, N. J., in which State, observers of the seventh day are permitted by statute to labor on Sunday. The Recorder is therefore at a good safe dis-tance from feeling in its own person or in the persons of its ernploy6s the pains of religious persecution. Nor is this all; so far as we know, a score of years have intervened since any.  Seventh-day Baptist has been prosecuted under a Sunday statute in any State. If there have been more recent cases we have not been informed of them. This immunity is due very largely, we think, to the fact that members of that denomina-tion are found almost exclusively in States which, like New Jersey, have exemption clauses in favor of those who observe as a sab-bath, a day other than Sunday. This still further removes the Recorder from the perse-cution which it does not feel even in the persons of Seventh-day Baptists. But the Recorder should understand that he who fails to protest when others are persecuted, thereby forfeits the right to protest when he himself is persecuted. But does not the Recorder protest against the persecution of Seventh-day Adventists? Yes, in a half-hearted way which leaves the reader to doubt if after all the Adventists are suffering more than their just deserts at the hands of their outraged neighbors. For ex-ample, in its issue of July 25, the Recorder says of the enforcement of Sunday statutes against Seventh-day Adventists:Š In some cases resentment is provoked and advantage taken of the possibilities of legal trial and punish-ment, because those who observe the seventh day are provokingly defiant of law and the practice of the ma-jority. We confess to very grave misgivings concern-ing the wisdom and spirit that prompts men to court such notoriety, if any such' instances exist. That is the Recorder's statement in all its cold-blooded cruelty and injustice. The per-haps intended-to-be saving clause, " if any such instances exist," is nullified before it is written by the positive statement, " Resent-ment is provoked and advantage is taken," etc., "because those who observe the seventh day are provokingly defiant," etc. The Re-corder has made the point-blank statement quoted. Will it prove it? If not, will it re-tract it? In marked contrast with the reproach which the Recorder takes up against its neighbors, the persecuted Seventh-day Adventists, is the testimony of Judge Parks, in his letter to Governor' Turney, recommending the pardon of the Adventists imprisoned at Dayton, Tenn., last spring. The letter is as follows:Š Isabella, Tenn., April 8, 1895. To the Governor, Nashville. At the March term of the Circuit Court of Rhea County, several Seventh-day Adventists were convicted and sent to jail for violating the Sunday laws. They are among the very best people of that county, and I can cheerfully recommend that those reihaining in jail be pardonedŠthis for several reasons, chief of which is that there was no aggravation shown in a single case. It is true that they did some work on Sunday, but it was done in a quiet way, and without any studied effort on their part to attract public attention. In fact the proof rather tended to show that they tried to do their work in such a way as not to attract public attention. They have been in jail nearly a month, and I think the punishment they have undergone amply suffi-cient. Very respectfully, JAS. G. PARKS, Judge 17th Circuit. These are the facts as proven in open court by the State's witnesses themselves; and what is true of these'cases is equally true of the scores of cases tried in the various States since the persecution of Seventh-day Adventists commenced in Arkansas ten years ago. Ad-ventists are Bible Christians and.  hold the Golden Rule in equal respect with the fourth commandment. But they ask no man to vio-late his conscience or to prove disloyal to his God to please them; neither will they yield their consciences to the keeping either of their neighbors or of the State. These facts ought to be known to the Recorder; certainly-that paper has had ample opportunity to know them, and its unkind thrust at Seventh-day Adventists looks like a violation of the ninth commandment. But we are persuaded that the Recorder does not represent any considerable number of Sev-enth-day Baptists in this matter. We prefer to think better of our Sabbath-keeping breth-ren of that communion, and to believe that the real sentiment of Seventh-day Baptists is voiced not by the Sabbath Recorder but by the Sabbath Outlook, which, in noble contrast with the course of the Recorder, has not hesitated to give to persecuted Adventists full and hearty Christian sympathy; and instead of stabbing them in the back, has ministered to them words of Christian cheer and courage. And so, to the Recorder, we say, Go to the Outlook, learn its ways and be wise. We sincerely hope that it will turn out that the Recorder spoke hastily in this instance, and that this uncharitable utterance does not represent the deliberate judgment of even its author. If, after the Recorder has investi-gated the matter and ascertained the facts, it, like a brotherly Christian, corrects its erro-neous statement, we will gladly make a note of the correction. DEFENSE OF BYRD TERRY. Once Enslaved by the State; now Con- demned to the Chain-Gang by the State Church. CrimeŠLifting a Wheel- barrow over a Fence on Sunday. I AM here, gentlemen of the jury, charged with working, doing malicious work, on Sun-day. I deny that charge; I don't think I work " maliciously" on any day. I want to say to this jury that I observe the seventh-day Sabbath; and since I gained a knowledge of the true Sabbath I have thought it my God-given privilege to work on the remaining six days, though I knew that it was in violation of the law of Tennessee. But there are two sabbaths, a rival sabbath and the Sabbath of the Lord. Now, the State says that I must rest on Sunday, and God says that I must observe the seventh day. Well, now, who must I obey ? Answer for yourselves. And if you gentlemen require me, as the law says, to rest on the first day of the week, and if you will answer for me before God, and be responsible for me there, then take the case into your hands and compel me to do these things. I want to say this, gentlemen of the jury: I was born and raised a slave, and until the emancipation, of course I never enjoyed any freedom at all, but since the emancipation, I thought this was free America, and I felt that I was a free man to do just as I pleased, so long as I did not infringe on the rights of others. I have made some advancement in divine life. In studying the Bible, I found that I was wrong, and that God did not require me to keep the first day of the week as the Sab-bath; and my honest conviction was that the seventh day was the Sabbath. From that day to this I have been observing the seventh day to the best of my ability. Yet I am a law-abiding citizen until the law comes in conflict with my conscience. God says for me to observe the seventh day and the State says for me to rest on the first. I call this a parallel case to the three Hebrew worthies. No doubt it was said to them that they could bow down to the image and reverence their God too. But we cannot do this, gentlemen; it is a life and death question with me, and if I tip the hat to the rival sabbath, to the sabbath that the State has set up and says that I shall observe, if I tip the hat to that, I show that I do not reverence the God of the universe. The Sabbath is God's memorial of his crea-tion, and not only that, but is a sign of his recreation; and I feel to-day, gentlemen of the jury, that a recreation has been wrought in me, and if that be so, I must reverence the laws of my God. This is the first time that I have ever been brought before the court. I have neither cheated nor defrauded any man; I pay my just and honest debts. I owe some debts and will pay them when I get where I can. I have wronged no man; and there is not a man here under the sound of my voice that can say that I have ever stolen anything from him. I have tried to lift my own people from that degraded state into which they have fallen; and my desire is to live right and be a good citizen. I do want a home in heaven, and just as certainly as I renounce my allegiance to the God of heaven and go against my own convicted conscience, and obey a bad law that has been set up by unthinking men, then I will lose my eternal interest in the kingdom of God. I don't want to impeach any of the 