402 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY.. Of one thing, however, we are sure, namely, that there are vast possibilities in Sunday laws in the way of making it uncomfortable for dissenters from the popular religion, as well as in "frying fat" from those who are willing to pay for "police protection ;" or in other words, for the privilege of violating a "law" which other people are compelled to respect. We do not suppose that anything of this sort is practiced in Hickory; but in the larger cities "seeing the captain" is quite a common thing, especially in those lines of business that might better be prohibited every day. The iniquity of Sunday laws would certainly be seen were it not for the element of religious prejudice which enters into the matter. Only bigotry blinds people to the fact that Sunday legislation abridges the natural rights of the individual. But it may be asked, Should not the majority rule? Certainly, in all questions of public policy, such as the "tariff" or "free trade," "free coinage" or "gold stand-ard," etc., but not in matters of conscience or of indi-vidual, civil rights. No majority, however great, can, except by flagrant usurpation, deprive even so small a minority as a single individual of a single inalienable right, be it civil or be it religious. It has been well said that such rights "are not exercised in virtue of governmental indulgence, but as rights, of which gov-ernment can not deprive any portion of citizens, how-ever small. Despotic power may invade those rights, but justice still confirms them." "Among all the religious persecutions with which almost every page of modern history is stained," said Richard M. Johnson, in 1829, "no victim ever suffered but for the violation of what government denominated the law of God. To prevent a similar train of evils in this country, the Constitution has wisely withheld from our government the power of defining the divine law. It is a right reserved to eaeh citizen; and while he re-spects the rights of others, he can not be held amen-able to any human tribunal for his conclusions." While not quite so explicit as the national Consti-tution, the Bill of Rights of North Carolina declares that "no human authority should, in any case what-ever, control or interfere with the rights of con-science." This just provision is overriden however 'in the interests of Sunday, and a poor man who is endeavoring to make an honest living is fined $25 and costs for carrying on a perfectly legitimate business on Sunday, one that could not possibly disturb any-body, except as the knowledge of its being done might cause mental annoyance to those who regard the day as sacred to rest and worship. But the law can no more properly take cognizance of such annoyance than it could of the annoyance occasioned to the Pro-testant by seeing the Roman Catholic making the  sign of the cross or praying before an image of the Virgin Mary. "Despots may regard their subjects as their prop-erty, and usurp the divine prerogative of prescribing their religious faith; but the history of the world fur-nishes the melancholy demonstration that the disposi-tion of one man to coerce the religious homage of another springs from an unchastened ambition, rather than from a sincere devotion to any religion. The principles of our government do not recognize in the majority any authority over the minority, except in matters which regard the conduct of man to his fellow man." And the State of North Carolina should in like manner refuse to recognize in the majority, how-ever large that majority may be, any right to dictate to the minority in matters of religious faith or practice. The framers of the national "Constitution recognized the eternal principle that man's relation with his God is above human legislation, and his rights of con-science inalienable." North Carolina professedly rec-ognizes the same thing in her Bill of Rights. Her courts, from justices of the peace up to the supreme bench, should see to it that the recognition is promptly made practical in the town of Hickory. B. The Prohibitionists. Last week the Prohibitionists of Illinois and of the United States held their conventions in this city, and placed tickets in the field. Both conventons professed to adhere to "the sin-gle issue of prohibition of the liquor traffic," but neither did it; both declaring also in favor of woman suffrage by very large majorities. Both the speeches and the platforms of both State and national convention, revealed also a strong leaning toward that which the readers of The Sentinel of Lib-erty know as National Reform. The national plat-form sets forth this : "The National Prohibition Party, in convention represented at Chicago, June 27 and 28, igoo, ac-knowledge Almighty God as the supreme source of all just governments, realizing that this Republic was founded upon Christian principles and can endure only as it embodies justice and righteousness, and as-serting that all authority should seek the best good of all the governed, to this end wisely prohibiting what is wrong and permitting only what is right, hereby records and proclaims," etc. The Sentinel of Liberty is heartily in accord with everything that is in the interests of temperance. No-body in any way connected with the publication of this paper indulges even to a limited extent in the use of any intoxicant. Tobacco also is strictly tabood, and even tea and coffee are regarded as hurtful luxuries, to be avoided. 