74 THE -AMERICAN SENTINEL. leaders of the same order as those who declared the will of God to Israel, or who will receive their messages from Heaven in the same man-ner that those did. Thus it was said in the Christian Statesman:Š " The churches and the pulpits have much to do, in shaping and forming opinions on all moral questions, and with interpretations of Script-ure on moral and civil, as well as on theological and ecclesiastical points. And it is probable that in the almost universal gathering of our citizens about these, the chief discussions and the final decisions of most points will be devel-oped there." Mark this well. The final decisions on civil and moral points, as well as on theological and ecclesiastical, will be made in the churches and the pulpits. But the final decisions are not made at the beginning of discussions and agi- tations. How do they propose to reach the de- sired point? Hear the Statesman again:Š " But the changes will come gradually, and probably only -after the whole framework of Bible legislation has been thoroughly canvassed by Congress and State Legislatures, by the Supreme Courts of the United States and of the several States, and by lawyers and citizens generally." And thus the "final decisions" will be de-veloped in the churches after the " framework of Bible legislation " has been canvassed by Congress, by Legislatures, in the civil courts, and by lawyers and citizens generally, which will carry the discussions of Bible legislation into party caucuses, beer halls, and dram-shops ! for the habitues of the dens of vice will each have a vote on the settlement of questions of Bible legislation; and at the polls each such vote will carry as much weight as that of the president of the National Reform Association. And when the will of the majorityŠgood, bad, or indifferentŠis expressed, and their decisions are legally enforced, then our model " reform-ers" will justify such transactions by pointing us to the example of Nehemiah and other in-spired teachers and rulers ! Was ever arro-gance so arrogant, or self-conceit so assuming? And why will there be an " almost universal gathering" of the people around the churches? Because religious tests will then be required as qualifications for office, and as Dr. Browne said in their Pittsburg National Convention, the office-seekers will be the firm friends of this movement as soon as they are assured of its success. And as Dr. Hays said in the same Convention, politicians who are now afraid of it, " will bawl themselves hoarse in applause " when they become convinced that it must suc-ceed. Ah, yes; this is the very thing to look for when the way to office is through the church I And such is the means by which they propose to elevate "the true religion," and to honor the institutions of Christianity. Here we will reproduce a short extract which was published in the July number of the SEN-TINEL. The editor of the Cincinnati Gazette is a Christian, and a man of acknowledged ability. In an article on the subject of the proposed amendment he said:-- " The Government will continue to be ad-ministered by men of ordinary passions, such as are elected by the average intelligence and virtue, and the average ignorance and corrup-tion of the voting population. Viciousness, and ignorance, and corruption will continue to  be powers in the body politic the same as be-fore, and these will continue to elect legislators, executives, and judges of their own sort." This must be so if our republican form of government is retained; and any effort to en-force the laws, usages, arid institutions of re-ligion in such a Government, will reproduce the horrors enacted at Salem. It will arouse and intensify all the passions of the people. The rights of the minority will be trampled under foot, because bigotry and misguided zeal will pervert the judgment and drown the reason of those who may for the time have power in their bands. Religious usages and institutions are for the church, and not at all for the civil Government. It is the duty of the church to keep witchcraft and every other abomination from its midst; but the civil Government has no right to act in such matters. Had the Puritans regarded this dis-tinction, they would not have stained their hands with blood. And if our modern "National Re-formers" would regard this distinction, they would not strive to so change our Government as to cause the follies and crimes of Salem to be re-enacted throughout our land. " We are riot better than our fathers." They who clamor for power which they have no right to use, will be sure to use it when it is obtained. And when the flood-gates of persecution are once opened, no power can stay the current until it has left desolation and ruin in its course. From the course pursued by the Amendment-ists, and their unwillingness to candidly examine reasons, and weigh the consequences which must follow their schemes, we fear they will not be warned to dekst from their work. But if they do succeed, we are fully determined that the wrong shall not lie at our door. We shall con-tinue to sound the alarm whether they will hear or forbear. . J. 1.1. W. A Political Gospel. MRS. MARY A. W00DBRIDGE, recording sec-retary of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, and vice-president of the National Re-form Association, made the principal National Reform speech, at Chautauqua Assembly on National Reform Day, July 23. Among many other such like things in her speech we find the following:Š " Shall we not amend our National Constitu-tion, that the world shall know that we ac-knowledge Christ as Ruler? as the Head of our Nation? and in his name, and for his glory, shall not We, the people, in order to form a more perfect union,' tbus ordain' ? While we render unto Oresar thea  things that are Cmsar's, shall we not render unto God the things that are God's ? " To render  unto Cvesar the things that are Ccesar's, and unto God the things that are God's, is eminently sound and practical Christian doc-trine. But the practice of that principle is riot at all what the National Reformers want the people of this Nation to do. The National Re-formers not only want us to render to Caesar that which is Caesar's, but they want to compel us to render to Caesar that which is God's. This we, under Christ, deny their right to do; and by his help, it is what we will never submit to do. In these words Christ established a clear dis- a republic the people elect all their rulers, and the rulers are responsible to thee people who elect them. Even if the people err in their judgment, and the ideas of the rulers are:  cor-rect, the people must learn their errors by their own experience; to deprive them of their right of choice is to subvert the republic. In the Government of Israel no such choice existed. Moses was chosen for their leader, not by the people, but by the Lord. Over and over they essayed to reject Moses, but the Lord interposed by his power. Once they decided to choose a leader in his stead, with the avowed purpose of having one who would carry out their will. And this they would have done if they had had a republican form of government. If the Lord bad given them the right to choose their rulers, they could have elected a leader in the place of Moses without incurring any guilt Šwithout rebelling against God's authority. Nehemiah was divinely appointed to his office, and divinely inspired to his work, as were all the rulers and prophets of Israel. The disastrous failure of the Puritans of Salem, in their.efforts to enforce the law for the suppression of witchcraft, was owing to the fact that they had no Heaven-appointed and divinely-inspired leader to direct them. They judged according to their own judgmentŠa6-cording to human wisdom. They were led by their own feelings and impressions, and mis-took these for the mind of the Lord. They thought to bring the land under subjection to the will of God, but instead they brought upon it a lasting reproach. They essayed to model their Government after the theocracy of Israel, when God had neither instituted nor given any warrant for a theocracy. And just so in the efforts of the National Re-formers. They point to the example of proph-ets, priests, and kings as the precedent for their proposed action, when they have no prophets, priests, nor kings to follow the example, But without these they have no right to act as they propose, for none but prophets, priests, and kings have any right or authority to fill the offices and endeavor to discharge the duties .which the Lord assigned to prophets, priests, and kings. If men without any special ordina-tion or inspiration essay to fill these offices, they become guilty of the foulest usurpation. Here is a sufficient reason why every Christian should oppose the machinations of these self-styled re-formers. And, as if purposely to give the most° full proof of their duplicity, or of their ignorance of the principles of government, they assert that they do not propose to make any radical change in the form of our Government;, that they de-sire to retain its republican form of representa-tion; yet they propose to take for their pattern a Government which had not a single feature of a republic, and copy the acts of those who did not represent the people, who were not in any wise responsible to the people for their official acts. But their plans are chimerical. It is impossible, as every one must own, to fol-low the precedents presented in the theocracy or kingdom of Israel and still retain our repub-lican forth of government. And their own writings show that they do not expect to have 