AMERICAN SENTINEL. What Would Jesus Do? BY W. N. GLENN. THIS is the proposed motto of a proposed "United 'Christian Party." The name implies the purpose of such a party, even without the express design of having "Christian voters all united at the ballot box." The subject is the establishment of religious politics, or po-litical religion. The call for the organization of such a party verbally disavows a union of church and state, but its success could mean only that, nothing less. Why would Christians seek to unite all their force at the ,ballot box (for the ballot is just so much of the force principle upon which civil governments are based)? Would not the purpose manifestly be to force control of political matters, hence control of the Government? Such a party would assume to be Christian. If all -Christians should sustain this party, as the call sug-gests, would not it be a church party? If it should suc--ceed at the polls, would not the Government virtually pass into the hands of the church? The officers elected, if true to their pledges, would be obligated to carry out the principlesŠin other words, to obey the behestsŠof the Christian party, which party would be the church. Thus the logic of the proposed "United Christian Party" is church domination of the state, or practical church and state union. Well, would it not be well to have the Government taken out of the hands of wicked men, mere selfish poli-ticians? The United Christian Party proposes to put only "God-fearing men" into office; would not that be a grand consummation? Yes, this all sounds well from the rostrum, and reads well on paper; but it never can be accomplished by professed Christians organizing for power to control their fellow-men by force. Control by civil government is control by force; and the party that seeks such control cannot be a Christian party. It would only be operating under a Christian guise; its very incipiency must needs be hypocrisy, and therefore it would be the most corrupt of all political parties. As to its motto, "What Would Jesus Do?" we ask, 'What did Jesus do? At a certain time the people wanted to make him kingŠwanted to "take him by force and make him king"Šthe highest political posi-tion in their gift. What opportunities for reform in government and in society that position would have afforded himl Were not such reforms needed then? They certainly were. Did he accept? No; he spurned the idea, and hid himself from the temptation. Was it because he thought he could not succeed in getting the place? No; he had the power of God behind him, and could have attained to any position that it was consis-tent for him to hold. His mission was to "preach good tidings to the meek," to "bind up the broken-hearted," to "proclaim liberty to the captives," and the "opening  of the prison to them that are bound," to "proclaim the acceptable year of the Lord, and the day of venge-ance of our God," to "comfort all that mourn," etc. Isa. 61:1-3. Here is not one word about engaging in politilcs; not a word about reforming civilgovernment or sociotY through political methdds. The only reformatory for beneficiary measures He ever suggested are compre-hended in the proclamation of the gospel, by precept and example. And his word to his disciples is, "Follow me." The men who are endeavoring to form political parties for the purpose of controlling the Government are not following Christ or his apostles. Have these professed Christians ever thought seri-ously of what the establishment of a Christian govern-ment means to this Government and to their work. There can be no Christian government without Christ at the head of it. He is coming to this earth to set up just such a government. But when he comes, it will be the death knell of every earthly government then in exist-ence, no matter what its pretense may be. His king-dom is represented by the stone "cut out without hands" (Daniel 2) wb:-}o, will break in pieces every other government, and "fill the whole earth." Not one of the governments of men will be patched up by political means and made to do service as the kingdom of Christ. The prophet saw them all become "like the chaff of the summer threshing floors; and the wind carried them away, that no place was found for them." But not only will all human governments be de-stroyed, but all human beings who have not the Spirit of Christ will be destroyed "by the brightness of his coming." Christ himself declared, "My kingdom is not of this world;" and men who are endeavoring to build him a worldly kingdom and to force worldly people into allegiance to it, are simply building in Christ's name a structure which, together with the builders, he will ut-terly repudiate and destroy at his coming. Oakland, Cal. 4-.0-414 Providence and Imperialism. By Thos. C. Hodgson. IMPERIALISTS are prone to charge upon providence the responsibility of our present troubles in 'the East. This is an old dodge. No nation ever yet did a mean thing without blaming providence for it. Napoleon used another term but he meant the same thing when he excused all his crimes against other nations, and his own, too, under the plea of "destiny." Great states-men are very fond of hiding behind this subterfuge. Now if it be true that providence has ordained that the United States must become a "world power," then there is nothing for us to do but - "take up the white man's burden." But one can't help wondering' ,why providence didn't throw Canada into our lap. Since 