62 TI-IE AIVIEFZICA.N SENTINEL.. Willard, the National Convention of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union created a special department of its work to co-operate with the National Reform Association, and Mrs. Bateham, of Ohio, one of the vice-presi-dents of the National Relief Association, was made general superintendent." " What are the objects of this so-called Re-form Association?" " A fundamental change in the national Constitution by means of what is called a Christian amendment, which will practically overturn the secular character of the Govern-ment and unite Church and State. Its avowed intention is to afford a basis of organic law for the general enforcement of Sunday observ-ance, the reading of the Bible in the public schools, etc." "You do not think there is any probability of its effecting its purpose, do you ? " " Certainly I do. Having secured the co-operation of the Woman's Temperance Union, it is now bidding, through the union, for that of the Knights of Labor and other work-ingmen's organizations. At the Working-men's Assembly in Cleveland, 0., Mrs. Wood-bridge, an official of the Reform Association and Woman's Union, made an appeal and proposition to that effect, which, it is stated, received favorable consideration." "Do all of the clergy and religious press favor this movement? " "No, not all. A few of us are opposed to it, but the majority of the clergy and the religious papers favor it. They have a mistaken idea that it would enhance the power of Christian-ity, whereas, I believe, it would weaken it greatly." " In what way ? " " BY awakening a strong current of pop-ular opposition to Christianity, and developing in the church an arrogant and overbearing spirit. The whole history of Church and State unions confirms the fact that they are not only bad for the State but bad for the church. It was for this reason that the found-ers of our Government provided in the Con-stitution for their complete separation." " Which one of the religious denominations takes the lead in this movement?" "The Presbyterian, perhaps, but all, or nearly all, the denominations called ' Evan-gelical' favor it. The Reformed Presbyterians and United Presbyterians are particularly in-terested in the movement. Rev. Dr. Gibson, of this city, Moderator of the last General As-sembly of the United Presbyterian Church of Philadelphia, is a vice-president of the Na-tional Reform Association, and I am told that it is his intention on his return from Europe, where he now is on a vacation, to organize a State branch of the National Reform Associa-tion in California, in which the different evan-gelical denominations will unite." "Are there any other widespread organiza-tions which favor this Church and State move-ment?" " Yes ; the Prohibition party is committed, to it, in its national platform, adopted in .Pittsburg in 1884, and the platforms of the State Prohibition Conventions in Massachu- setts, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan, Texas, and many other States contain a distinct indorsement of National Reform measures. Now, while one of these organizations, work-ing alone, might give no cause to fear its suc-cess, there is, in my opinion, ground for ap-prehension that they may, by uniting their forces, eventually accomplish their object. But it will not be without a fearful struggle, such as this country has not yet seen, except on the slavery question, and there are many who look for another civil war from this source before the close of the present century. General Grant once said that if there was an-other civil war in this country it was more likely to be on this issue than any other, and in one of his last speeches, that at Des Moines, he emphatically reprobated the proposed un-ion of Church and State. Senator Charles Sumner and Governor John A. Andrews, of Massachusetts, are among these master minds who have foreseen this danger to the republic and advised guarding against it." The Evils of National Religion. THAN the evil of confounding common mo-rality with Christian ethics, of mixing poli-tics with religion, of connecting State and Church, there is none which in itself seems more' insignificant but which in its workings has -proved itself more disastrous to all the interests of mankind. That it is an evil at all, the mass of mankind has been astonish-ingly slow to learn; and there are not a few even in our time who as yet do not recognize it as such. But now that the mistakes of the past are before us and generally seen in their true light, and looking back upon the long and wearisome days of instruction and disci-pline, how inexpressibly cruel has been the mode of teaching and how enormously great the price of learning ! Clearly distinguishing between the things belonging to Cesar and those belonging to God, the good and wise Master bade all to render to each his due. And for centuries his own obeyed the precept. Not"-so the pagans. These, rejecting the knowledge of the true God proclaimed to them, and thus refusing to ren-der unto God the things that are God's, sought to prevent his own people from doing so also and required of them to do homage unto the national gods. And paganism ruled the world. Pontifex maxims of its religions no less than sovereign in affairs of State, emperor followed emperor in directing every power at his command against the Christ of God and all who dared to name him Lord. Then Christians, more than can be numbered, rather than deny their faith, sealed it with their blood. Ł The honor to die for the Lord and his cause some coveted, others accepted, while suckling babes were not spared. Alas, that the Christian Church of those days, and later, profited not by its own bitter experienceŠthat Christians ever forgot the precept of their Master There were then, and there have been at all times, those who did not forget, tvho closely disti '‚ 'd be- tween the provinces of politicf religion,  who deprecated all interference of the one with the other, and who condemned persecu-tion. But their voices were raised in vain. No sooner did the opportunity offer than, 0 day of evil! the Christian religion itself was made a matter of politics, and politics a mat-ter of religionŠthan the Christian Church gave itself to the State and the State to the Church. Whether for better or worse, history must tell. During the past centuries the power of the State had been employed against the Church ;* now with the time of their courtship and mar-riage came also the day of retaliation. Had the sovereigns of this world thus far repressed the Christian religion in deference to pagan-ism ? now began they the work of extermi-nating the heathen superstitions in deference to Christianity. But the means and methods adopted for its doing were little better than those before employed against the very relig-ion they now sought to propagate. Follow-ing his victory over 11Iaxentius, a political rival and a vehement defender of official heathenism, and ascribing his success to the God of the Christians, Constantine at once en-larged the Galerian edict of toleration and pro-claimed religious liberty throughout his do-main. The all-absorbing question which then agi-tated the minds of men concerned the power of State. Paganism struggled with might and main to retain its hold and Christianity was determined to seize it. The latter obtained complete dominion; and thus for the first time in their history was the marriage of State and Church effectedŠa relation which has continued with little interruption, but with ever varying phases and fortunes, up to our own time. And what has been the fruit? Ł Certainly the little good which has come of it might have been achieved without it, and much more too, and all in a manner legiti-mate ; but the amount of evils and wrong-do-ing of which it has been the cause or occasion, direct or indirect, is simply incalculable. The very thought of the deeds perpetrated in the name of justice and holy religion, and committed for their apparent benefit, is sufficient to rend the human heart with feel-ings of shame and indignation. Much has been said, and something can be said, in pal-liation of the mistakes then made and of the atrocities committed; it has been maintained that the accounts given of them are exagger-ating; and that this be so, must be the fond hope of everyone humane of heart. But the facts, as far as they are known with-certainty, alone are more than enough to show whither men will drift and what men will do as soon as they follow their own counsel rather than the wisdom of God. By its victory over heathenism and its exal-tation, if such it can be called, to the dignity of a national religion, Christianity had indeed subdued but by no means as yet destroyed its old and bitter foe. The struggle was as yet not ended: Besides, by its very deliverance from this, its old thralldom, it was impercepti-bly subjected to another and new condition of servitude, and it is not difficult to say which 