AMERICAN SENTINEL. 217 party which was ready to take control and administer the affairs of the city righteously. BUT what else had any person a right to expect? Is not this a Government of the people, by the people, for the people? Does not the result of a political election represent the will of the people? Can a "boss" wield political power except the people allow it? * * * Ir there is corruption in politics, must it not be the reflection of corruption in the hearts of the people? In a popular government, this must be so. * * THE "reform" which failed a few years ago, and the similar one now proposed, represent the old problem of trying to get pure politics out of a corrupt peopleŠof getting a clean thing out of an unclean. Who can do this? is the query of inspiration.' Surely "not one." * THE leopard of city government, here or elsewhere, cannot change its spots by its own power. The stream cannot be purified below the impure fountain head. Good fruit cannot grow on a corrupt tree. The foe cannot be overcome while he finds a safe refuge in the hearts of the people. Christian Endeavorers in Politics. [THE following, dated "Cleveland, March 30," ap-pears in the New York Press, of the 31st:Š] The Christian Endeavor Society, the largest, per-haps, of Protestant Church organizations, has deliber-ately gone into politics here. The Cleveland societies have formed a Christian Citizenship Committee, of which E. J. Hart is chairman, and this committee is out in the open for John Farley, Democrat, for mayor, and against Mayor McKisson, who is running for reelection on the Republican ticket. The election will take place on Mon-day. The committee is sending broadcast the following letter:Š "Dear Endeavorers: We are in the midst of the most important civic campaign known in this city for years; consequently this is the crisis hour for Christian citizen-ship work. The first great commandment in this work is, Thou shUlt be a well-informed citizen. Every Endea-vorer must know the truth, and the truth will make him free to think; then we are confident he will be free to act when he votes. "It is a well-known fact that we have a wide-open town for saloons, gambling houses and brothels. The 2,100 saloon-keepers in Cleveland are a privileged class of law-breakers, and our Sunday liquor laws are a nul-lity. Gambling dens boast of police protection. Hardly  a brick is laid or an improvement made without charges of corruption. These are things worthy of our consid-eration. It is said to be a safe rule 'to overthrow evil in power.' "Your Central Christian Citizenship Committee has taken considerable pains to investigate the fitness of the candidates who are asking for our suffrage, and will most cheerfully supply full information. If you do not know the attitude of the candidates for council in your district write us for data. "As we enter upon this new year of work let us make it count for civic righteousness and Christian citizen-ship. Be able to say, 'Thy kingdom come' as you vote." McKisson is said to be close to Senator Foraker and an enemy of President McKinley and Senator Hanna. The Y. M. C. A. is not so daring in its politics as the En-deavorers, but it has permitted a political meeting to be held in the Y. M. C. A. building. THE action taken by the Christian Endeavor Society of Cleveland may fairly be taken as a sample of what will be done sooner or later by this society, and by sim-ilar religious organizations, the country over; and it may be safely said that these powerful organizations will be able to exercise a controlling influence upon state and national politics. That is their aim, and in it they have the sympathy and will have the aid of the church in general. Even the Catholic Church will join in the movement, because the principle of church control in civil affairs is one the papacy has cherished for a thou-sand years. And then we shall have practical "Christian citizen-ship"Šcitizenship enforcing religion, politics ruled by the church; in short, a practical theocracy. With the Christian Endeavorers and kindred religious societies,,  and with the church, religion is the primary considera-tion; and in politics, religion will be with them the pri-mary object still. Sunday Parades and the Sunday Law in Nyack, N. Y. New York " World." ABRAHAM MYERS, the newly elected president of the village of Nyack, and Rev. W. J. Leggett, pastor of the Nyack Dutch Reformed Church, have suddenly incurred the displeasure of the citizens of the place. Nyack sent twenty- seven young men to the war, all in the Twelfth New York Regiment. Ten of the soldiers arrived home on Sunday night. They were welcomed at the depot by hundreds of citizens, who fired cannon and small arms. A drum corps headed an impromptu pro-cession up the main street, preceding the soldiers, who were followed by citizens. The Rev. Mr. Leggett was preaching in his church, his congregation not being as large as usual. Mr. Leggett heard the sound of the drums and the 