SEPTEMBER 6, 1894. AlvimEurcAiNT synvrinNTIr_. 277 full force to the intentions of the deceased. . . . She had a right to appropriate her money as she deemed reasonable and proper, to offer masses for the remis-sion of her and her dead husband's sins. The direc-tion, "a Roman Catholic Church in Buffalo," is not indefinite. The court very properly declined to consider the question of the immortality of the soul, dismissing it with the remark that it was enough to know that the testa-tor believed it. The decision is just. The property of the testator was her own. She might have directed that it should be used in erecting a monument to her mem-ory, or to providing a memorial window to some church, but instead she elected that it should be devoted to masses for herself and her deceased husband. It is true that the masses could be of no possi-ble benefit to either herself or her husband, but that is a question outside the juris-diction of any civil court. The Clash Will Come. JUST now the loose talk about the dis-armament which comes to the surface every now and then seems to have ap-peared in Europe and found its way into the public press by whom it is being dis-cussed. There is no question that the great armies are a great burden. But they are not kept up for the fun of the thing, but are maintained with a very distinct purpose in viewŠthe maintenance of the national integrity, pending a war, and the advance of the national boundaries when war comes. Germany may be satisfied with the existing status, but if so she is the one satisfied power. France certainly wants Alsace and Lorraine back again; she wants also revenge for the last war, with the boundary line of the Rhine. Italy wants the Irridente provinces held by Au ia; and Austria wants Servia and Herzegovina, while Russia wants Stam-boul: she is determined to have a seaport for her navy, and her commerce. A few facts show how very serious is this work of maintaining an armament, and how little disposed, especially France and Russia are, to give up their work of providing for the national defense. In France the new enlistments are over 216,-000 per annum; in Germany about 200,000. In France the percentage of men under arms to the whole population equals 1.465; in Germany it is 1.114. In Russia it is 1.037. France and Russia together can put into the field 1,000,000 men and 1,700 guns more than Germany and her allies. Now, the demand for reduction in the existing scheme of military service does not come from France, which bears the heaviest burden, nor from any section of the French people. On the contrary, the testimony is conclusive that the nation approves the state of things as it exists. That France does not feel it such a burden to continue her armament as Ger-many does is shown by the condition of the French agriculturalists who .have been able through import duties to secure for their staple a price no less than forty per cent. above that which most of the rest of the world had to accept. This single cir-cumstance would seem sufficient to ac-count for the difference of attitude beween the French and the other continental nations toward the system of universal military service, which those others com-plain of as a burden, and which France seems to carry off as a species of patriotic picnic. The fact is disarmament has be-come a commercial and industrial ques- tion, in which the interests of England and France seem well enough subserved by the state of things as they are. There will be disarmaments certainly. But be-fore that day Europe will ring with the clash of arms and witness such fighting as she has not seen since the time of Napoleon the Great.ŠChristian Work Papal Infallibjlity. (Continued.) This matter first appeared in an anonymous pam-phlet published and circulated in Italy immediately fol-lowing the Vatican council of 1870, which proclaimed the dogma of papal infallibility. The pamphlet pur-ported to be a speech delivered in the council " by a bishop," against the dogma. However it is not published on the strength of its having been delivered `by a bishop," foi this is denied, but it is reprinted solely on its own merits, scriptural, and historical.] BUT I hear it said on all sides, was not St. Peter at Rome ? Was he not crucified with his head down ? Are the seats on which he taught, and the altars at which he said the mass, not in this eternal city ? St. Peter having been at Rome, my vener-able brethren, rests only on tradition; but if he had been bishop of Rome, how can you from that episcopate prove his su-premacy ? Scaligagero, one of the most learned of men, has not hesitated to say that St. Peter's episcopate and residence at Rome ought to be classed with ridicu-lous legends. (Repeated cries, " Shut his mouth; shut his mouth; make him come down from the pulpit.") Venerable breth-ren, I am ready to be silent, but is it not better, in an assembly like ours, to prove all things, as the apostle commands, and to believe what is good ? But, my vener-able friends, we have a dictator before whom we must all, even His Holiness, Pius IX., prostrate ourselves, and bow our heads, and be silent. That dictator is his-tory. This is not like a legend which can be made as the potter makes his clay, but is like a diamond, which cuts on the glass words which cannot be cancelled. Till now I have only leaned on her; and if I have found no trace of the papacy in the apostolic days, the fault is hers, not mine. Do you wish to put me into the position of one accused of falsehood ? You may do it, if you can. I hear from the right these words,Š" Thou art Peter, and on this rock I build my church" (Matt. 16). I will'answer this objection presently, my venerable brethren; but before doing so, I wish to present you with the result of my historical researches. Finding no trace of the papacy in the days of the apostles, I said to myself, I shall find what I am in search of in the annals of the church. Well, I say it franklyŠI have sought for a.pope in the first four centuries, and I have not found him. None of you, I hope, will doubt the great authority f the holy bishop of Hippo, the great and blessed St. Augus-tine. This pious doctor, the honor and glory of the Catholic Church, was secre-tary in the council of Melvie. In the de-crees of this venerable assembly are to be found these significant words,Š" Who-ever wills to appeal to those beyond the sea shall not be received by any one in Africa to the communion." The bishops of Africa acknowledged the bishop of Rome so little that they smote with ex-communication those who would have recourse to an appeal. These same bish-ops, in the sixth council of Carthage, held under Aurelius, bishop of that city, wrote to Celustinus, bishop of Rome, to warn him not to receive appeals from the bish-ops, priest, or clerics of Africa; and that ho should send no more legates or com-missaries; and that he should not intro-duce human pride into the church. That the patriarch of Rome had from the earli-est times tried to draw to himself all the authority, is an evident fact; but it is an equally evident fact that he had not the supremacy which the Ultramontanes at-tribute to him. Had he possessed it, would the bishops of AfricaŠSt. Augustine first among themŠhave dared to prohibit the appeals of their decrees to his supreme tribunal ? I confess, without difficulty, that the patriarch of Rome held the first place. One of Justinian's laws says, "Let us order, after the definitions of the four councils, that the holy pope of ancient Rome shall be the first of the bishops, and that the Most High Archbishop of Constantinople, which is the new Rome, shall be the second." "Bow down then to the supremacy of the pope," you will say to me. Do not run so fast to this conclusion, my venerable brethren, inas-much as the law of Justinian has written in the face of it, " Of the order of the patriarchial sees," precedence is one thing Šthe power of jurisdiction is another. For example, supposing that in Florence there was an assembly of all the bishops of the kingdom, the precedence would be given to the primater of Florence, as among the easterns it would be accorded to the patriarch of Constantinople, and in England to the Archbishop of Canterbury. But neither the first, nor the second, nor the third could deduce from the position assigned to him a jurisdiction over his colleagues. The importance of the bishops of Rome proceeded not from a divine power, but from the importance of the city in which they had their seat. Monsignor Darboy is not superior in dignity to the Arch-bishop Avignon; but in spite of that, Paris gives him a consideration which he would not have if, instead of his having his palace on the bank of the Seine, he had it on that of the Rhone. That which is true in the religious order is the same in civil and political matters; the prefect of Cairo it is not more a prefect than he of Pisa; but civilly and politically he has a greater importance. I have said that from the very first centuries, the patriarch of Rome aspired to the universal govern-ment of the Church. Unfortunately lie very nearly reached it; but he had not succeeded assuredly in his pretentious, for the Emperor Theodosius II. made a law by which he established that the pa-triarch of Constantinople should have the same authority as he of Rome (Leg. cod. de sacr., etc.), The fathers of the council of Chalcedon put the bishops of the new and the old Rome in the same order on all things, even ecclesiastical (Can. 28). The sixth council of Carthage forbade all the bishops to take the title of Prince of the Bishops, or Sovereign Bishops. As for this title of universal bishop, which the popes took later, St. Gregory I., believing that his successors would never think of adorning themselves with it, wrote these remarkable words : " None of my prede-cessors have contented to take this profane name; for when a patriarch gives himself the name of Universal, the title of patri-arch suffers discredit. Far be it then,, from Christians to desire to give them-selves a title which brings discredit on' their brethren." The words of St. Greg-ory are directed to his colleague of Con- 