222 THE AMERICAN sm\yrINEt, tion to force their ideas upon others, and especially the observance of the first day of the week. The servants of Christ will be found working on a different principle. Their commission reads " Go ye therefore and teach [not force] all nations  Teaching them [not compelling them] to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you." Matt. 28: 19, 20. " The servant of the Lord must not strive but be gentle unto all men, apt to teach, pa-tient, in meekness instructing those who oppose themselves." 2 Tim. 2: 24, 25. G. M. POWELL. Ł -Ł  .  STRANGE as it may seem, according to the decisions of the District and Supreme Courts of Tennessee and of Judge Ham-mond, of the United States Court, there is in Tennessee to-day, no constitutional guar-antee of any freedom of religious belief be-yond that which, was allowed in New England two hundred and fifty years ago. In sustaining the decision of the Su-preme Court of Tennessee, Judge Ham-mond said :Š Sectarian religious belief is guaranteed by the Constitution, not in the sense argued here, that King, as a Seventh-day Adventist, or some other as a Jew, or yet another, as a Seventh-day Baptist, might set at defiance the prejudices, if you please, of other sects having control of legislation in the matter of Sunday observance; but only in the sense that he himself should not be disturbed in the practices of his creed; which is quite a differ-ent thing from saying that in the course of his daily labor . . . he might disregard laws made in aid, if you choose to say so, of the religion of other sects. The Judge's meaning, is made clear by a further extract, as follows:Š If a non-conformist of any kind should enter the church of another sect, and those assembled there, were required, every one of them, to comply with a certain ceremony, he could not discourteously refuse, because his mode was different, or because he did not believe in the divine sanction of that ceremony, and rely upon this constitutional guar-antee to protect his refusal. This is precisely the measure of free-dom of religious belief that was " guar- anteed " or allowed under the Puritan theocracy of New England. The Con-gregational Church had control of legis- lation. It embodied Congregationalist doctrines in the law, and required every one to conform to the Congregational mode of worship. Every one was re-quired to go to church. And some who did not go were forcibly taken to the church. The Baptists and Quakers did not believe in the divine sanction of the ceremonies of the established religion. They therefore refused to comply. Their refusal, of course, was counted " discourt-eous." This discourtesy was a violation of the law, and they were fined; but they refused either to pay the fines, or to com-ply with the required ceremonies. They were then whipped; still they refused. They were then banished, and yet they refused; and the Quakers even refused to be banished. Then they were hanged; and yet those who still lived would not comply with the required ceremonies. And they had no constitutional guarantee to protect them in their refusal. And now says Judge Hammond, in Tennessee, " If a non-conformist of any kind refuses to comply with a certain ceremony required of every one by an-other sect which has control of legisla-tion, there is no constitutional guarantee `to protect his refusal." And the persecu-tion of the Seventh-day Adventists in that State under the forms of civil law demon-strates that it is even so. NATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. BRIDGETON, N. J., has inserted in a street-car franchise a provision that cars shall not be run on Sunday. THE Star, of Clio, Mich., reports that about fifty liquor dealers in Saginaw are charged with keeping open saloons Sunday, and warrants for their arrest have been issued. A CORRESPONDENT writing from Knoxville, Tenn.,  informs us that on June 25, ten boys were arrested and fined eight dollars each for playing ball on a previous Sunday. Those who had the eight dollars with them paid it; the rest went to jail. The same correspondent informs us that there are a number of other arrests threatened in the same locality. THE Managers of the Columbian Exhibition issue each week a circular describing the preparations for the great Fair. It is noted as a strong fact that they publish all that organized bodies say in favor of opening the Exhibition on Sundays, while they say nothing of the demands for Sunday closing. This may be considered significant of the attitude of the Managers upon this subject. MASSACHUSETTS people who belong to the Unita-rian faith think that the World's Fair should not be closed on Sunday. In this behalf they have signed a petition which represents the North Massachusetts Conference and other churches in both Massachusetts and New Hampshire. They request that the Fair be open Sunday for the bene-fit of the laboring people, but want it a "silent exhibit," with no machinery running. This has been the idea, it may be said, of the World's Fair Directors from the beginning. WHITELAW REID, the candidate for the vice-presidency on the Republican ticket, sat on the platform at the great Christian Endeavor gather-ing in Madison Square Garden, and fraternized with the Endeavorers, wearing the badge of their order, As a result of the public attention which he received in that capacity, his fellow Endeavorers have formally requested him to discontinue the Sunday Tribune. Since Mr. Quay, the greatest Republican politician of them all, has struck the keynote of party politics to a psalm tune, Mr. Reid will of course find it politically profitable to discontinue his Sunday edition. THE Senate has committed itself deliberately to an approval of the progress of the union of religion and the State by the passage of a proviso conditioning all governmental appropriation for the World's Fair on Sunday closing; but it has not done so without being obliged to listen to pointed protests. The following is a concise expression from Mr. Turpie, of Indiana, during the last day's debate on the, question as it appears in the Congressional Record: "MR. TURPIE.ŠI present a petition, and ask that it be read. . . . I ask to have it read as part of my remarks. I am entitled to five minutes of remark. . . . " The secretary read as follows To the honorable the Senate of the United States in Congress assembled: We, the undersigned citizens of the United States, hereby respectfully but decidedly protest against the Congress of the United States committing the United States Government to a union of religion and the State in the passage of any bill or resolution to close the World's Columbian Exposition on Sun-day, or in any other way committing the Government to a course of religious legislation. "MR. TURPIE.ŠMr. President, I presented this petition and asked that it be read because I believe that the right of petition is one that is to be observed and regarded. The minority is very few; there are only five names on this petition; but they are entitled to be heard. I do not know that the  view in respecto religious matters has been, or can be, at all affected by majorities or minorities. There is one celebrated instance, at least; in which the word of the Lord was not heard in the tempest or the whirlwind, but the ' still small voice.' This may be another instance." THE editor of the Christian Patriot, Morristown, Tenn., says, " It looks now as if the American Church, and Christians, and the American Sunday had been whipped; " but he said that before the action of the Senate upon the proviso conditioning the five million appropriation on Sunday closing and the prohibition of the sale of liquor within the grounds. It looks now as if the "American Church " and the "American Sunday " had whipped themselves, and obtained only the fruitless acknowledgment by Congress of the authority of the Church, while its behests will not be obeyed at Chicago, and both the proviso and its accom-panying appropriation will be scorned. ANOTHER political expression of national reli-gions which the Statesman wishes inserted into party platforms is this:Š We favor as an important part of the movement of shortening the hours of labor, the enactment of a national law exempting from Sunday work all Government employees, and forbidding all Sunday work on the railroads so far as congressional con-trol of interstate commerce will permit, believing that the law of Sabbath rest is both a law of God and a law of nature, and so should be a law of nations, especially in republics, whose liberty can be preserved only by such culture of mind and heart and conscience as is afforded by the leisure hours of the American Sabbath, protected against both toil and dissipation. Where is the third or fourth party which will adopt these planks and nominate Shepard and Crafts on its presidential ticket ? THE Pittsburg Dispatch thus pictures the prog-ress of the enforcement of Sunday laws in the oil district of Pennsylvania:Š "There are now few fields in which the drill is kept moving Sunday. A few years ago such a thing as shutting down on the seventh day was not even considered by any contractor in the business. That was when the bulk of the oil was being found in the northern counties, and the wells were lo-cated at a distance from the haunts of civilization. " When operations became active in Allegheny County, and the Blue Law bogie man came into circulation, the drillers were forced to recognize him, and follow that sage bit of advice given to the gentleman about to visit Rome. The owners were even constrained from pumping their wells on Sun-day, 'which entailed a heavy loss to many of them, as the salt water which would accumulate by the well being allowed to stand over Sunday would necessitate pumping a day or two in order to again reach the oil." THE Springfield Homestead, Springfield, Mass., thus chronicles the latest revival of provincial reli-gion in that town :Š The most astonished man in this city, Monday, was Frank Rogers, of Green Street, when he was arrested for hoeing in his garden on Sunday. The complainant was a neighbor, Special Officer Albert Newton, with whom he was on pleasant terms, but as it appeared, Mr. Newton had determined to put a stop to Sunday labor in that neighborhood by making an awful example of somebody. The de-fendant admitted his Sunday work in Wednesday's police court and paid his fine of five dollars without a word, but he had something to say on his side. Mr. Rogers avers that he does not believe in Sunday labor, and has not been in the habit of performing it. For eight weeks in the spring he was without employment, and planted a large garden. After he found a situation with the Springfield Foundry Company, the weeds got the start of him, and his evenings and mornings were not long enough to enable him to conquer them, so he got up early Sunday morning and from 6:30 to 8:30 he hoed with all his might, stopping at an hour when peo-ple are up and around, for fear of giving offense to .the neighbors. But to get ahead of the righteous Newton, one must get up very early in the morning, 