96 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, PEBRITARY 9, 1899. THE most casual observer of pass-ing events can hardly fail to note. the signs of constant widening and deep-ening of the agitation for Sunday legislation. eoSt THE attempt to secure strict Sun-day observance in Montana has met with defeat, temporarily at least, by the postponement of the Sunday bill indefinitely, in the legislature. A NEW Sunday law is proposed in Illinois, which will prohibit the giving of any entertainment on Sun-day of a theatrical, musical, or ath-letic character in all cities of the State. WE have still on hand copies of each issue of this year excepting the issue of January 12. Of the last number, February 2, we have a good supply. It is a splendid paper for missionary work. Send a few copies to your friends. In bulk to one ad-dress, we will send any number for one cent per copy. We will address wrappers and mail to individuals at the rate of one and a quarter cents per copy. THE expected clash between Amer-icans and the natives in the Philip-pines has at last taken place, the Filipinos having attacked Manila, but without effect beyond the wound-ing of a few of the soldiers defending-the place. The probable effect of this act will be to lessen opposition to the ratification of the treaty with Spain, and to inaugurate a cam-paign of conquest on the part of the American forces in the islands. utS THE cruiser "Albany," purchased by the Government before comple-tion from an English company, was  launched recently at Elswick, Eng-land. The account states that "Can-on Nicholson read Psalm 57 and offered a special prayer, after which he recited the Lord's Prayer, the crowd with uncovered heads joining." And thus does each nation as-sume an alliance with the Almighty for the purpose of fighting one an-other! What could be more absurd, and more deplorable? GENERAL MILES, the ranking offi-cer in the army, has insisted on giv-ing publicity to the charge that the American troops while engaged in the late campaign were given "em-balmed" beef for rations; that is, canned beef treated with chemicals to preserve it from spoiling, and by that and its stale quality, rendered wholly unfit for, food. The charge seems to be pretty well proven by facts that have been coming to light, as also the further statement that the beef trust in Chicago realized a profit on the deal of about $1,000,-000. But for his attitude the Sun, of this city, charges General Miles with "downright treachery," and says that he deserves the "univervsal loathing of his countrymen." Cer-tain it is, however, that publicity in every matter affecting the welfare of the nation, is a proper feature of republican government; and secrecy in such matters harmonizes with governmental despotism. It is not fitting for servants to conceal from the master what is the master's bus-ness; and in a republic the only mas-ter is the people. A MAINE journal says that the largest petition to be presented to the legislature of that State this win-ter is one for "the better observance of Memorial day." It is introduced by an official of the "Ladies' Aid Society," and has nearly 3,000 sig-natures. It provides that "Whoever on Memorial day, May 30, wilfully interrupts.  or disturbs any assembly or procession engaged in the ob-servance of the day, whoever exhib-its any show or play, or engages or aids in any horse race, gambling, baseball, or football game, dance, or other sports during said day or even-ing, shall be punished by imprison-ment for not more than thirty days, or by fine not exceeding $20, and not less than $15." Let no one be surprised at an at-tempt to make Memorial day sacred by law. The sentiment which calls for such legislation is essentially the same as that which demands the legal sanctification of Sunday; and that sentiment, as any person knows, is common enough. A BILL has been introduced in the Indiana State Senate which requires "a more thorough preparation of citizenship" on the part of young people, "by giving them a more sys-tematic training and development of their moral and religious faculties." It provides that "all children be-tween the ages of five and fifteen years shall have each Sunday at least one hour's religious instruction at some church, denomination not des-ignated. Those parents who make oath that they do not believe in God or Christianity are to be exempt. If there is not in the neighborhood a church of the denomination which the parents would like to have their children attend, then the parents are to give instruction to the children themselves." This bill, like all similar pieces of legislation, shows much greater re-gard for "religious instruction" than it does for truth. Religious instruc-tion is not necessarily truth, and when it is not truth an individual is better off without it than with it. Legislation, of course, cannot settle what the truth is in religion; it can at best only blindly aim at the truth, with the certainty of missing it in the great majority of cases. The bill is useful only as illustrating the fu-tility of trying to make people moral by force of law. No MAN can properly represent other people in any matter, who is afraid to correctly represent himself. 