' "Corrupted freemen are the worst of slaves." VOLUME 1. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, NOVEMBER, 1886. NUMBER H. 712e Beni 1. PUBLISHED MONTHLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, OAKLAND, CAL. Entered at the Post-office in Oakland. NEXT year the one hundredth anniversary of the adoption of the Constitution of the -United States, will be held in Philadelphia. The Chris-tian Statesman is calling for a National Reform Convention, to be held at the same time, to consider means for altering that charter of American liberty, so as to overthrow all that was done by the revolutionary fathers. DURING many centuries, every Government thought it was its bounden duty to encourage religious truth, and discourage religious error. The mischief this has produced is incalculable. Putting aside all other considerations, it is enough to mention its two leading consequences; which are, the increase of hypocrisy, and the increase of perjury. The increase of hypoc-risy is the inevitable result of connecting any description of penalty with the profession of particular opinions. Whatever may be the case with individuals, it is certain that the majority of men find an extreme difficulty in long resisting constant temptation. And when the temptation comes to them in the shape of honor and emolument, they are too often ready to profess the dominant opinions, and abandon, not indeed their belief, but the external marks by which that belief is made public. Every man who takes this step is a hypocrite; and every Government which encourages this step to be taken, is an abettor of hypocrisy and a creator of hypocrites. Well, therefore, may we say, that when a Government holds out as d bait, that those who profess certain opinions shall enjoy certain privileges, it plays the part of the tempter of old, and, like the evil one, basely offers the good things of this world to him who will change his worship and deny his faith, At the same time, and as a part of this system, the increase of perjury has accom-panied the increase of hypocrisy. For legis-lators, plainly seeing that proselytes thus ob-tained could not be relied upon, have met the danger by the most extraordinary precautions; and compelling men to confirm their belief by repeated oaths, have thus sought to protect the old creed against the new converts.ŠBuckle. 'IX proportion as the ecclesiastics became co-legislators, heresies became civil crimes, and liable to civil punishments.ŠDean Milman. Religious Legislation. THERE is an old saying that " there are none so blind as those who will not see." It seems impossible to impress upon the minds of the National Reformers the distinction between re-ligion and morality, or, even, that there is a difference between religion and crime. Legis-lation against crime is not religious legislation. It is, indeed, legislation on moral questions, but it is legislation on morality purely on a civil basis. It has been abundantly shown in the SENTINEL that civil Government cannot, if it would, enforce morals on a moral basis. It takes cognizance of overt actions only. It can-not sway the convictions; it cannot reform the conscience, it cannot renew the heart. If it attempts to coerce the conscience it usurps authority which belongs only to God, the ,S'a-preme Moral Governor. In its attempts to do so, it may persecute; it may make a class of its citizens act the hypocrite, but it cannot reach the heart on matters of morality, and much less on those of religion. The demand of these professed reformers is that the Government shall legislate upon and decide religious questions, as well as civil. Yet the Statesman has the effrontery to place in its prospectus the declaration that it is opposed to a union of Church and State. This reminds us of the declaration of certain professed reformers (all change is reform with some people), who were accused of trying to destroy the marriage relation. They denied the charge, saying they believed in marriage, that is, they believed in " a heart union of two persons, marriage with-out the aid of judge or minister; and that when the union of heart ceased, the marriage is an-nulled, without the aid of a court to divorce them " ! To that kind of marriage they were not opposed, neither is the vilest libertine that walks the earth, because it imposes no restraint on his passions. But that is not marriage. If such a practice obtained, the institution of mar-riage, and family relations, would be broken down. And so with the Religious Amendmentists. They give the expression, "Church and State," a signification to suit their purpose, and theo-retically oppose that, while they zealously ad-vocate exactly that state of things which ex-isted in the Old World in which Church and State were closely united. The relation of the State toward the Church in the time of Con-stantine, which all denominations recognize as the union of Church and State, was exactly the relation for which they are now pleading. Later, under the Popes of Rome, the full result  of Constantine's arrangement was realized, and we challenge the Amendmentists to show that the same result will not follow the arrangement for which they plead. Such a result is the natural outgrowth of their proposed arrange-ment. It is always unsafe to intrust the control of civil Government to the ChurchŠto any church Šbecause it is contrary to the institution of the Head of the church. It is an unauthorized, and, therefore, an unhealthy, combination. It leads to churchly worldliness and worldly am-bition. It is subversive of true piety and spir-ituality in church service. They demand that the pulpits and the churches shall make "the final decisions" in matters both civil and relig-ious. We have 'proved this, by their own lan-guage. But that would be churchly usurpation. The highest office that Christ ever bestowed upon his. servants is that of " ambassadors; " 2 Cor. 5 : 18-20, and this only in regard to the gospel proclamation. We challenge the States-man, and all its partisans, to produce a single sentence in the teachings of Christ and his apostles which will warrant them in taking upon themselves the offices of legislators and executives, to which they aspire. They are clamoring to have the church exercise usurped authority, and profess that it is for the honor of Christianity. We object to their demands because they are dangerous to the institutions of our Government, and to the liberties, both civil and religious, of the people. In the Statesman of September 16 there is a quotation and comment as follows:Š "If Congress does not find in our Constitu-tion a basis for Sabbath legislation, then let us elect a Congress who will find such a basis."ŠHon. John Cole, Tingly, Iowa. "You are more unreasonable than the Egyp-tians, for they did not compel the Hebrews to hunt straw where there was none, but you would require Congress to find in the Constitu-.  tion what is not there, a basis for Sabbath leg-islation. The Constitution puts the true relig-ion on the same level with all false religions, bY-prohibiting the establishment of religion or any interference with its free exercise. How can polygamy be suppressed without prohibiting a certain form of religion." Here is considerable " food for reflection," and several points worthy of careful considerat:on. I. Mr. Brunet, President of the National Re-form Association, publicly declared that the Sixth Article and the First Amendment of the Constitution are necessary as safeguards against , a union of Church and State. But the States-man, and the entire body of workers in behalf of the proposed Religious Amendment, are Unceasing in their opposition to these two pro- 