488 SN'TINEL,,;LIBERTY, "We ought to obey God rather than men," Acts 5:29. The question at issue on the occasion men-tioned, it seems, was that of local option. F. D. STARR. FUNDAMENTAL PRINCIPLES.' From "The Inalienable Rights of Man," by John R. 12ogs, Oovernor of Washington:  Mates''tights: tome :from Nature,' or the Creator. A power greater than that of'OUr own will has placed us on this earth and in doing so' has given us certain rights, powers' and priVileges".. As the --Children "of- the great All Father we possess rights through inher-itance. -''From 'these come duties.' For, dutiet exist only as the tettilt"Of obligation Conferred ,by the sestion Of rights. Withont-tights: duties cannot exist: Rights ate therefore first` in inipOttance:, 'Ł The truths of the Declarationof Independence thus rest 'updn Ł the ',facts' of 'human nature. No one; no American, will say that the Creator did not endow all men with certain inalienable rights,' and all will affirm 'the' necessary and the rightful eqUality of men before the law. And this is the''only''eqUality.tpoken of, fot Jefferson wrote of rights, not abilitiet, , At. all men recognize 'the possettion 'of' certain rights at' an inhetitance frOni .the Creator  it becomet matter of importance that these rights be clearly and plainly set forth, for when 'this' is done if 'it 'be seen that -all' men are-.not in hill" pOssession of 'that inherŁ itarice with which they' have been endbWed by their Cteator, it then is 'made plain that, violence has 'been -done the nature, of man. And if this shbuld' appear to' be- the case small cause foi'wonder' will . exist that the' spirit of unrest is abroad in the land. This will explain all, for nature has ever her revenges in store. We cannot 'ontwit her.' Sooner or 'later she must be obeyed. - "Ignorance, neglect or contempt of human Tights are the sole causes of public' initfortunes and corruptions ''of government." In Days of ,Old. 'Long; long 'ag6 it, USed, te-.be said that: kings got theit right tocrtile,,frOinGtid.'' I-Ie,hadspecially :or-dained them. .Nobody had seen it done.  or 'knew' ek= actly htiw it 'all carne about; but they .belieVed,  it; and that WaS -enotigh.- was an -.age of -ignorante 'and- credniity ; the "people were 'ignorant and -therefore tretilatit. ''NoW,' we knOW' that - this 'Was:a tale told by' the and to' by their ftiendt' for .a4Mr- pti5e. We.latigh at me folly of the poor h reds who  were imposed upon by the pretensions of royalty. But the proposition was logical enough. Power, rights, privileges, do come from the Creator, from Nature. The error arose in saying that only kings had access to God's bounty. The theory of 'that day was that the king rightfully possested all things, and of his own good pleasure gave away what he saw-fit, We laugh at-this, but let us 'save our mirth for ourselves.' We shall need it: Withall our pretentiont we of the Pres7 ent day are imposed upon by a sillier story than that regarding royalty. Wait. God Has Given to All, or He Has Given to None. Long 'afterward, knowledge' of man and his,Ways and nature and her laws haVing somewhat increased, a few here and there, began to doubt the heaven-hOrn character of the power that ruled thern,their' hurt. Time pasted, many changeStoo plaCe, acivanCes were made and people began to dare to think for them-selves: Finally, a declaration of principles was put fOrth and a nation founded upon certain' f'un'damental Propositions, to-wit : * * 4` "All men are treated eqUal:" * * * "They are endowed bYtheir Creator with certain inalienable tighti." * *" * "To secure these rights governmentt are instituted among men." This being interpreted ' in connection with the thought Of the time, meant simply this: Kings have no special privilege in the matter of rights. These come, direct from the. Creator to all men; and, sec-ondly: The businest of government is to secure to men the free ,gifts of God. This is the sum and tub-stance of the great Declaration. RELIGIOUS INTOLERANCE IN OHIO. SOME of the good people of Mansfield, Ohio, quite a number, it seems, have allowed their religious zeal to get the better of their judgment and their sense of justice, ang,  have manifested an intolerance not at all in keeping either with Christianity or with due respect to civil 'rights, Some time since certain " Zionist' missionaries from this City went to Mansfield and were evidently meeting with Some success in making zonverts, as they were mobbed and 'driven,  frorn the city. One Of the elders has not, yet recovered froth hit in-juries ' Sunday; 'July 30, 'Lifeti, f 'the " Zion- ist`" 'organ 'printed in this citY, Was widely distributed in Mansfield. ft is said: the '.Paper wnsfilled with violent and bitter -attacks Upon Citizens- 'if that city. 