AMERICAN SENTINEL. 687 The War of Principle.ŠNo. 6. "WE were talking of the conflict of Christ with hu-man tradition," said Cecil. "You said, Aleck, that the devil, Niho is god of this world, had made men pervert God's law to serve his own ends. Were not the Jews sin-cere in their perversions? And does not God take account of sincerity?" "Certainly, Cecil. But they were not always sincere; for light came to them. Jesus showed them that they worshiped vainly, teaching for doctrines the command-ments of men. Their guilt began when they refused to acknowledge truth, against their own convictions. Af-terward the conviction passed away, and left them the prey to deception ." "On what charge was Jesus put to death, Aleck?" "Let me see. A series of charges were brought against him. For three years and a half he preached in Jerusa-lem, everywhere coming in conflict with established cus-toms, and overturning tradition. He brought men face to face with God, making them understand their account-ability to the Judge of all the earth. "This occasioned great discussion. You remember, Cecil, that they were looking for the Messiah, and accord-ing to their false conception, expected a temporal king that would not only free them from the Roman yoke, but make them the sovereigns of the world. At first they looked to Christ as they saw his miracles, as the one who might fulfill their expectations; but his doctrine of low-liness disappointed them, and his cutting truths roused their animosity. The hierarchy especially disapproved of him, and finally in real fear of his influence declared that it was not safe to let him alone any longer. He must be stopped. His doctrine that taught men to rely wholly upon God and not upon arms or temporal power, seemed incompatible with the preservation of the State. With such a power as Rome already had over them, with such power as she could exercise, and with these unearthly teachings taking hold of the people, the men in power were constrained to say, 'If we let him thus alone, all men will believe on him, and the Romans will come and take away our place and our nation."' "Well, I should think they might well have feared it," said Cecil, "for it does seem that the teaching of Christ would forbid the use of arms, by which civilgovernments must be sustained." "Yes, from a natural point of view, it would seem  they could not exist. However, if a nation per capita trusted in God, they would see his mighty work. The God of thunder could answer by fire if he chose." "Well, go on with your story of Christ. I am not as well informed on these lines as I might be." "The Jews had no power to put Christ to death. They therefore brought him before Pilate, the Roman governor, and accused him of being a malefactor, a crim-inal. The crime they accused him of was that he made himself the King of the Jews. This would seem to Pilate as if he were trying to overthrow the Roman power in Judea, and put him in bad odor with Caesar." "I remember his reply," said Cecil,Š`My kingdom is not of this world: if my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight, that I should not be delivered unto the Jews; but now is my kingdom not from hence.' Aleck, here is a clear acknowledgment that the kingdom of Christ and the kingdoms of the world cannot har-monize." "As they are, they could not; but if men were of his kingdom per capita, then,Šwell then of course it would be the kingdom of Christ, and the kingdoms of the world would not be. His will would be done on earth, as it will be some day, even as it is in heaven." "But, Aleck, how that answer must have chagrined the Jews. Pilate did not deliver him to death on that charge, did he?" "No, he did not deliver him to death on any charge. He never believed him guilty of death. The desire for Christ's death originated in selfishness, in a lack of faith in God, for they said, Our nation will be overthrown. "The next charge they made was, that he made him-self the Son of God. In that charge you have the real kernel of their enmity. In the fact that he acknowledged himself dependent on God, he revealed the principle that aroused their antagonism, because it rebuked their prac-tice. He exemplified it. He lived as if God and himself were all. He lived as though he must give an account to God, as though God were all-powerful, all-wise, all love. He believed this principle not as a theory, but as a fact, and exemplified it in his life. This brought him into con,  flict with those who trusted in themselves, trusted in any thing and everything but God. For adherence to this principle he was consigned to the cross. "Why, Aleck, it seems to me that I have read that when Pilate heard that he was the Son of God, he tried harder than ever to release him." "Yes, that is so. I only meant that he was put to death because of this principle. The reason of his deliv-erance to death is found in the cry, 'If thou let this man go, thou art not Csar's friend. Whosoever maketh himself a king, speaketh against Csar."' "The weakness of Pilate in going against his convic-tions, was the weakness of the opposite principle by which his life was controlled. His was the principle of the world,Šreliance upon man. It led him to dread the accusation that would come to Cmsar against him, that would probably throw him from his position, and might 