GOVERNMENT, like charity, begins at home. A1VER IRAN. SENTiNE.L." 649 and the inner intent. But the judges very soon brushed this argument away, so far as Sunday laws arecoucerned. They pointed out that it amounted, practically, to claim-ing for every individual the right of determining the legal significance of the terms "necessity" and "charity," which would make the standard vary, as "many men of many minds" might chance to differ in their views, so that what would be a crime in one man would not be such in others. We may confidently claim, then, that at least one point is clearly established and irrevocably fixed in regard to Sunday charity and necessityŠnamely, that they are things which no fellow can find out for himself. * * 131,0N a subject so inherently obscure, and so be-clouded by conflicting rulings, and well-intended efforts at it,5 elucidation, it is a comfort to have one point clear and strong, albeit it is merely a negative one. But our comfort is not enhanced when, thus assured that we are unable to help ourselves in the premises, we come to con-sider how those who are charged with the responsible duty of our enlightenment have performed their task. * Im is allowed on all hands that necessity and charity are matters of circumstance, of time and place; or, in the language of evolution, "environment." The justifying circumstance may be the character of the work itself. Thus, work which is in,  its nature continuous, as the op-eration of a beer brewery, is appropriate to Sunday (per Allen G. Thurman, C. J.). This is because of the damage which would result from stopping the work and starting it all over again. Apparently, this illustration shows that the certainty of damage is an element of necessity. But many other cases hold that even a total loss cannot be considered hereinŠas, where a party had to gather seaweed for fuel on Sunday, or let it be washed away al-together by the tide. The degree of damage involved in abstinence from Sunday work is of recognized import-ance. But how this degree is fixed no living man has yet told us, and none is likely ever to tell us. * * * WE have seen that necessity is not to be determined by the individual. Has it any special relation to the in-dividual? In other words, is necessity on Sunday one thing for A, and something entirely different for B ? We know that, as a plain matter of fact, the necessities of no two persons are precisely the same. But we are now deal-ing with a matter of law. Is tobacco a necessity for its users? Is liquor a necessity for drinking men? Is meat a necessity for a flesh eater, while otherwise in the case of a vegetarian? AND this brings us to another and most vital issue : Whose necessity is it that makes work or business on Sunday harmless in the eye of the law? If. I need my coat  badly on Sunday, will that justify my tailor in complet-ing it during the "sacred" hours? Is the purchaser's ne-cessity, if established, a defense fir the seller? No mortal man can give an answer to this question that is worth a.  button. Bum there is one case which affords the only instance wherein it has been formally declared that a poor man has a privilege at law which is not accorded to a rich one Šthat is, the only instance which has ever come,under my observation. In this case, wrestling gallantly with the invincible problem of Sunday necessity, a learned judge declared, in effect, that a man who had only one house might be justified in saving it from destruction by fire on Sunday, when such labor would, expose the owner of, say, a dozen houses, to condignpunishment 1 How about him who had eleven of them? "Further this de-ponent saith not." * AND Sunday charity is no more comprehensible than Sunday necessity. Sunday charity is "active goodness," according to our authorities. Passive goodness, I sup-pose, must be treated as finable under the statute. Of course, putting money in the collection box is all right. So are contracts to pay for improvements to a church building, if made by a member of the congregation with an incorporated vestry; but it is clear that a contract by the vestry, on the strength of such pledges, to buy stone for the improvements from a quarryman would be void, as violating a prohibition of "worldly business." And so we go. Now the moral of all this is simply that the Sunday law, with its savings, is a law such as no human intelli= gence can understand, or interpret, or apply, with any reason, consistency, or justice. Ordinarily, as soon as..  this characteristic is fastened on any legislative  provi-sion, the courts immediately set it aside, and refuse t7 give it the slightest consideration. There can be no manner of doubt that this fate, which has befallen scores of American statutes, would have long since overtaken every Sunday law in the land, were it not for the fact that theeSiiiday of compulsory idleness and gloom which has been dignified with the title of "Our American Sabbath" is an "institution" which the courts have somehow per-suaded themselves that it is their duty to "maintain" even at the sacrifice of common sense; at the cost of self-stultification; and with the result of gross inequality and cruelty in the work of administrative jurisprudence. 