124 _.,Ls\ 1MM IL I C A.N NE, La. VOL. 8, No. 16. depicted his holy horror at seeing children at the seaside actually enjoying them-selves with their buckets and spades on Sunday. Another spoke of " the dread-ful continental Sunday " which in Switzer-land had become to be known as the " workingman's festival." So that really the interest that these men have in the " poor workingman," is not so much to stop their work as it is to stop their play and get them to come to church. And the archdeacon stated that " by gradual watching and teaching they should be able to keep their population within bounds in this particular." All seemed to take it for granted that the entire pop-ulation was the rightful property of the clergy. Rev. Dr. Kane, grand master of the orangemen, said he believed in applying a " thorough boycott " to anything that tended to violate this day. This was re-ceived with great applause, for consider-ing the vast political influence of Dr. Kane it meant something. Frequent and bitter allusions were made to the way the Roman Catholics abused the "Lord's day." One preacher said that in Galway he had seen them working in the fields after mass, which sight he said " was very injurious to the Protest-ants." Consequently they must have a law to stop it. When it is remembered that two-thirds of the Irish are Catholic, surely it is the height of bigotry that a small minority should want to run the whole country. The secretary stated that they had ap-pointed a standing committee to insist on the closing of small shops. This commit-tee had applied to the police, but as the police would not do anything, they were now going to take the matter in their own hands and " resuscitate an old Act of Par-liament " and prosecute under that. Some one suggested trying moral suasion first. Whereupon the secretary said they had tried moral suasion and it was a failure, the law was the only thing. In conclusion the chairman stated his sorrow on hearing that " a proposal had been made to have the Chicago Exhibition open on the Lord's day from 12 o'clock, but ' he hoped' that would not be carried out. If such a thing were done it would mean an English-speaking people going back on the history and traditions of the mother-country in the matter of opening exhibitions on Sunday." (Applause.) The rest of the time was taken up with mutual admiration, compliments and re-ciprocal votes of thanks, the reverend gen-tlemen then dispersed feeling highly satis-fied with each other in general and them-selves in particular. FRANCIS HOPE. Belfast, Ireland. Enforced Religion in England. OVER two hundred summonses have been issued against Sunday traders in Birmingham. At last accounts thirty-five small tradesmen, chiefly tobacconists and sweet-sellers, had been fined a reduced penalty of one shilling, without costs. The prosecutions are carried on under the old Act of Charles II. The prosecutors are a " Watch Committee," whose self-appointed duty it is to spy out who are doing work on Sunday, which the law does not sanction, even though such watch-ing of others obliges themselves to do that which would be a violation of the Sabbath if Sunday were the Sabha th. The. Birmingham Sunday agitation pre-sents some of the absurdities of Sunday legislation. The tobacconists admit that the law does not sanction their trading operations on Sunday, but they claim that they have as good right to sell tobacco on Sunday as the publicans have. And here is where the beauty of the law comes in. It seems that the publicans' license admits of their selling only liquor in the prescribed hours on Sunday, and not to-bacco. They have assumed that, being legally open, they might as well sell the latter as the former; but the Watch Com-mittee proposes to test the matter. If the point can be established, then the publi-cans will be prosecuted for selling cigars on Sunday. The non-legal mind may have some difficulty in seeing the fine point of prosecuting a man for selling cigars, while he may sell beer unmolested, but such it seems is the necessary thing in order to establish justice and morality, and vindi-cate the sacredness of " the venerable day of the sun." In the House of Lords, Thursday, the 16th, the Bishop of Salisbury introduced a bill "to provide for better freedom for religious instruction in Board Schools." He said that there are ninety-one Boards which allow no religious instruction what-ever; a few allow the Bible to be read without note or comment, and some allow hymns without any Bible reading. What the bishop means by " freedom for reli-gious instruction," therefore, is doubtless compulsory instruction. If anybody can tell us the difference be-tween this and compulsory attendance at church, we should be glad to learn. The children must of necessity attend school, and religious instruction in the schools is to be not merely optional, but compulsory. But the only object of the church is to give religious instruction, and so the schools are really churches, in a way. Many people who would exclaim against compulsory church attendance on Sunday, see no inconsistency in the same thing every other day of the week.ŠThe Present Truth, London, Eng. They Have Spoken. Now that the whole machinery of the Government, in its legislative, judicial, and executive departments, is in the hands of a religious hierarchy, we may expect to hear them speak. And why not ? Having learned that they hold the Government in their hands and that they can secure just such legislation as they desireŠand there is no end to their de-siresŠwhy should they not speak ? Mr. J. M. Foster, a National Reformer of long standing, in -speaking of their success in regard to the World's Fair, said :Š But one danger lies in this. The Church does not speak as a church. . . . The denominations have spoken. . . . But the voice of God author-itative, official, is through his Church. . . . They should, it would appear, appoint a joint committee to speak for God, and properly and courageously done, with a plain recital of judg-ments which will follow upon refusing to hear, there can follow but the best results. Much is lost by the Church failing officially to speak at the right time and in the right place. She can and ought to utter the voice of God in the halls of Con-gress and as an organized church. Did the Papacy ever put forth any more audacious claims ? Was presump-tion ever more presumptuous ? As though God could not speak for himself! In the name of the rights of the people, we de-mand their credentials. This is but ex-alting man above God ? And the next  thing will be to recognize the American ŠnoŠthe un-American pope! But all this was by anticipation. They say, " We have spoken." How and when ? In their demands to close the gates of the World's Fair on Sunday. And they say, " We shall be heard from much oftener in the future." Now, what did we hear last winter ? At the congressional hear-ing which was appointed to hear argu-ments again upon this question, the un-constitutionality of the act was not denied. But the committee was, by this religio-political combine, reined up before death and the judgment, and threatened with the wrath and the judgments of God if they did not do so and so. And they did meekly bow and ref use to hear any more arguments from those who would oppose this and all other religious measures upon constitutional grounds. We have a work published seven years ago which says : " To secure public pat-ronage'  'legislators will yield to the de-mands for a Sunday law." Are not these words true to-day ? Then where is the Constitution ? Do we have any ? Its principles are subverted and overridden in the name of religion. We protest against the whole thing. And let the people all protest. It is their right. Nay, more, if the Government is to be pre-served, it is their solemn duty to protest. Then protest.ŠPublius, in Red Wing, Minnesota, Argus, March 16, 1893. A Significant Decision. PERHAPS the most important question that Archbishop Satolli has been called upon to decide since his establishment as a representative of the Pope, in America, is that which is known in the newspapers as the Westchester, Pa., school case. The circumstances are these : It seems that some six years ago a Mr. Bowen, a Catholic, refused to send his son to a parochial school at the command of the priest, but persisted in keeping him in the public school. For this obstinacy he was excommunicated, and denied the sacrament. Things then rested until Satolli arrived, when the case was ap-pealed to him, with the result that the decision of the priest was reversed, Satolli holding that Catholic children were not compelled to be educated in Catholic schools; and last Sunday for the first time in all these years, Mr Bowen entered his pew and partook of the sacrament, while his son remained in the public school. This is significant. It establishes the fact that it is the idea of the Pope that there shall be more of a fraternizing spirit on the part of Catholics with. Amer-ican institutions than there has been jut the past. No sooner was this decision announced, than from all over the country went up a note of rejoicing, one paper stating that " now the great barrier that has stood in the way of a union of Catholics with our institutions is removed," and the New York Herald says editorially thatŠ the wisdom of such a policy can be seen by every one who is not a rank partisan. It is broad, gen-erous, and in its largest sense, strategic. It shows that Leo XIII. understands the temper and the temperament of the American people. . Ł and can not fail to bring about a very desirable har-mony of action. Exactly; and the very effect designed by this " strategic " act has been secured; viz., the allaying of the fears of those who have regarded with suspicion the 