586 AMERICAN SENTINEL. many residents, as in some sections of the city vehicles are permitted to clatter about the streets for several hours each Sabbath morning. "It was decided to assist the Riverside association in its endeaver to close up stores in that section on Sundays. The Riversiders' course in prosecuting the chief offender was approved. "The association expressed its stand on the Sunday closing question in the following resolution, which was carried by the unanimous vote of all in attendance:Š 'Resolved, That this association stands ready to cooperate with and support the efforts of the butchers, barbers, and bakers in their efforts for a proper observ-ance of the Sunday.' It is only to be expected that the movement thus begun in Paterson will, be extended to other cities and to other States. It is quite as likely to be popular in one place as in another. And doubtless there will not be lacking to this end the fostering efforts of the numer- ous religious societies which seek every opportunity to promote Sunday enforcement. The Blow to American Prestige. "Springfield Republican." MORE rumors come into Washington from Central and South America of a spreading distrust of the United States, and of combinations among these smaller repub-lics to resist -possible aggressions from the dominant power to the north. The news dispatches say that these rumors cause uneasiness in administration circles, and yet we have nothing to fear, have we? from any combi-nation they can make, since in might of arm we would still be as a giant to a dwarf. No, it is not on this account that Washington is dis-turbed. Uneasiness exists because it is beginning to be realized that moral force is still a power among the nations, and that we cannot provoke the distrust and quiet unfriendliness of these neighboring States without injury to our commerce, our, influence and our prestige in the ways of peace. It emphasizes the lamentable fact that we stand before the world morally discredited, and that our pretensions to disinterested motives in begin-ning and closing the war with Spain have become a joke and by-word among the nations. Whether a country which gave such assurances to the world as we did, of being governed solely by consid-erations of humanity, and which proved to be not great enough morally to resist the very first temptation pre-sented to turn the war to land-grabbing usesŠwhether such a nation is in a position to throw many stones at Erance at this moment may well be questioned. Are hypocrisy and weakness exhibited on such a scale more to be honored than a prostitution of justice to race prej-udice and the so-called honor of an army machine? We can still defy the world in arms, but we cannot so successfully defy that world-opinion which, without  lifting a single musket, establishes and enforces a code of international law, and which can cause the greatest of nations to quail, as France is now finding to her costŁ We have outraged republican sentiment wherever it ex-ists, and provoked a return of suspicion and distrust and unfriendliness which must inflict upon us infinite damage as a moral force in the world. Church and State from a Legal Viewpoint. [From a lawyer's standpoint, the proper relation of church and state to each other is defined in the fol-lowing, contributed to a journal of this city:Š] In charging a jury in a divorce case a few days ago Mr. Justice William J. Gaynor, in Brooklyn, made use of the following language: "The church should not interfere or meddle with the laws of marriage. After a marriage has been annulled, if the church wishes to say that the parties are still married they then may live according to their religious belief, but we do not want any church to meddle with our laws. In deciding this case you must consider only the law, which allows a marriage to be annulled when the contract has been broken by either party." It is gratifying to hear this flat footed expression of the fundamental principle of our legal system, that the common law knows no religion and that the sociological rules or code of morals developed by a religious sect or an agglomeration of sects have no force in the Forum, are not admissible as evidence, and in forensic argument even the presumption of their existence is not permissi-ble. This expression, however, goes even further, for it requires the juror to expel from his mind and conscience the influence of religious teachings and view the facts before him in the light of the civil law, and in that light only, whether his ethical or religious consciousness ap-prove of it or not. In considering the portion of the charge above quoted it must not be forgotten that the justice making it is an orthodox Christian, and, to judge from some of his expressions, a devout one. From his lips, therefore, such words have added weight showing that the "God-in-the Constitution" principles have no foothold in our magnificent system of the common law. It is a familiar rule that where there exists in the mind of a talesman a preconceived prejudice against a particular penalty in criminal actions, that he should be excluded from the jury in such a case. The common-est instance is that of the exclusion of the talesman who is morally opposed to the infliction of the death penalty in a capital case. In these instances, however, the juror is not accepted, and the question does not actually arise, but is avoided. The charge to the jury, in our practise, consists of a statement by the trial judge of the law applicable to the case, and the jury is absolutely bound to follow it, and 