102 AMERICAN SENTINEL. of a given commodity. Perchance the trust would hail with pleasure a law compelling the people to buy, but they do not venture to promote such enactments. What shall be said of the "Sabbath" Trust, that, with amazing boldness, not onlyŁprescribes the method of "Sabbath" observance, but demands legislation compelling all the people to observe their chosen day of rest? In greed for gain, the Oil Trust seeks, to control the price of that for which a natural demand exists. In greed for creed, the "Sabbath" Trust would both create the "demand" and fix the "price"! Whom Shall We Believe ? BY JOHN D. BRADLEY. ON November 19, 1863, Abraham Lincoln, in his capacity as president of the United States and com-mander-in-chief of the army and .navy of the United States, stood upon a great battlefield of the civil war, and gave expression to his idea as to the cause for which that war was being waged, in the following lan- guage:Š "Fourscore and seven years ago, our fathers brought forth on this continent a new nation, conceived in lib-erty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal. Now we are engaged in a great civil war, testing whether that nation, or any nation, so con-ceived and so dedicated, can long endure. . . . It is for us, the living, . . . to be dedicated here to the unfin-ished work which they who fought here have thus far so nobly advanced. It is for us . . . to be here dedicated to the great task remaining before us,Šthat from these honored dead we take increased devotion to that cause for which-they gave the last full measure of devotion, Šthat we ,here highly resolve that these dead shall not have died in vain,Šthat this nation, under God, shall have a new birth of freedom,Šand that govern-ment of the people, by the people, and for the people, shall not perish from the earth." That was Abraham Lincoln's idea in regard to that warŠthat it was a test as to whether this nation, or any nation, could endure on the proposition that all men are created equal, that it was to give this nation a new birth of freedom in order that government of the people, by the people, and for the people, should not perish from the earth. Lincoln had an opportunity to know about this matter. Now, in the year 1899, listen to the great republican newspaper, the Chicago Times-Herald, as to what was accomplished by those men who "gave the last' full measure of devotion." We quote from its editorial col-umns of January 21:Š " The civil war knocked the last remaining breath of humbug out of the Jeffersonian phrase against govern-ment without the consent of the governed. The South- ern States are still a part of the United States without their voluntary consent." Now the Jeffersonian phrase, "against government without the consent of the governed" is not intricate or ambiguous, but is short and simple; and if it was a "humbug" in the first place and the civil war "knocked the last remaining breath of humbug out of it," of course it was about wiped out entirely by the civil war. That is exactly what the Times-Herald means and is trying to establish, as is shown by the language which immedi-ately follows the above:Š "So in the Philippines when the senate ratifies the treaty we will govern them with or without their con-sent, so long as we are held responsible by the civilized world for their conduct." That is, " we will govern them" whether or no; and they can give their consent to the exercise of arbitrary authority on our part, or not, just as they like. Despot-ism has never been able to go further than this. No system of oppression has ever attempted to deny to its victims the privilege of consenting to their miseries and the sacrifice of their rights. Even the Inquisition al-lowed its victims to recant, and gave them absolute freedom of choice between that and the torture chamber. They could do just as they liked. But to get fully what the Times-Herald means by its statement in regard to what was accomplished by the civil war:Š " If in the course of time they become fit for self-government, we can grant it to them. [But will we?] Or if we find that they do not rise to the level of self-government and become a burden to us, we can arrange for their transfer to the guardianship Of some other power better equipped than we may prove to be for colonial government." That is, as the civil war knocked the last re-maining breath of "humbug" out of the doctrine that governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed, we can rule people just according to our own arbitrary will, and they can give their consent to it or not, just as they like. And as the civil war has com-pletely knocked this doctrine out we can do more than that,Šif we find that we cannot wring and extort from them what we expected to get when we paid two dollars a head for them, "we can arrange for their transfer" to somebody who understands better than we do the busi-ness of handling slaves profitably. Of course,this "some other power" to whose guardianship we will transfer them will be one of those tyrannical and grasping na-tions of Europe who can't understand our love of liberty and who sneer at our disinterested war in behalf of hu-manity and oppressed peoples. So, according to the Times-Herald, the great accom-plishment of the civil war was the complete extinguish-ment of the principle for which the Revolutionary war was waged. Of course something was said at the time of the civil war about a new birth of freedom, and the 