"equal and Rxact Justice to all Men, of Whatever state or 'Persuasion, Feligious or political." VOLUME 8. NEW YORK, AUGUST 31, 1893. NUMBER 34. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY No, 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. EDITOR, - - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN.  WILLIAM IL MC KEE. BY the plain considerations of scripture we have found, and all may find, that the Sabbath question, which has been the leading question of the country all sum-mer, instead of being a question merely of daysŠof one day or another, of the seventh day or the first, of Saturday or SundayŠas such, is a question of rival institutions representing rival powers. THE seventh day which God made the Sabbath, by resting upon it, by blessing it, by making it holy, and by sanctifying it, which he declared from Sinai is the Sabbath, and of which in Judea he de-clared himself to be the Lord ; thisŠthe Sabbath of the LordŠGod has set to be the sign by which men may know him the only true God and Saviour. It is the sign which God has set, by which men may know what Jesus Christ is to men. It is the sign of the power of God in Jesus Christ to create men new creatures, to give them rest from all their toil, to make them better, to bless them, to make them holy, to sanctify, to save them. THE Sunday, which the Catholic Church, " by her own infallible authority," " has substituted" for the Sabbath of the Lord, which she has declared to be "holy," and which she " sanctifies "Šthis is the sign of the " salvation " provided by the Papacy ; " the man of sin," which has opposed and exalted itself above God, in the place of God, showing itself that it is God. This is the sign that the Catholic Church has set, to show what that church is to men. It is the sign of her power to bless, to make holy, to sanctify, and to save. AND all this is what the Sabbath ques-tion means. The question as to whether men shall observe the Sabbath of the Lord, or whether they shall observe Sun-day, is the question as to whether men  shall honor God, or honor the Papacy above God. It is a question as to whether men shall depend upon Jesus Christ him-self, alone, for salvation, or whether they shall depend upon the Catholic Church for salvation. It is a question as to whether men shall bear the signet of the Creator of the heavens and the earth, or that of the Papacy ; whether they shall receive the sign of the living God or the sign of the Catholic ChurchŠ" the seal of the living God " or " the mark of the beast ; " whether we shall serve Christ or antichrist. THERE is a difference between God and the Papacy ; a difference between Jesus Christ and the Catholic Church. The one is " the Sun of righteousness," the other is the "man of sin;" the one is the revelation of " the mystery of godli-ness," the other the revelation of " the mystery of iniquity; " the one is " the Prince of life," the other is "the son of perdition." Now, just as there is a dif-ference between God and the Papacy, between Christ and the Catholic Church, so there is a difference between the way of salvation provided by Jesus Christ and the way of salvation provided by the Catholic Church. And the difference between the way of salvation provided by the Lord and that provided by the Catho-lic Church, is just as great as is the dif-ference between God and the Papacy or between Jesus Christ and any pope that ever lived. THERE are a number of points upon which this difference might be demon-strated; but for the present occasion we shall dwell on only one, and that is, that whereas the salvation provided by Jesus Christ is of GRACE ONLY, manifested through FAITH ONLY, and that the gift of God; the salvation provided by the Catholic Church is of force only, mani-fested through penance and "the law and State authority." Now to the evidence : " By grace are ye saved,, through faith, and that not of yourselves, it is the gift of God : not of works, lest any man should boast." Eph. 2:8, 9. " To him that worketh is the reward not reckoned of grace, but of debt. But to him that worketh not but believeth  on him that justifieth [maketh righteous] the ungodly, his faith is counted for righteousness." Rom. 4 :4, 5. " There-fore by the deeds of the law there shall no flesh be justified in his sight : for by the law is the knowledge of sin. But now the righteousness of God without the law is manifested, . . . even the righteousness of God which is by faith of Jesus Christ unto all and upon all that believe: for there is no difference. For all have sinned and come short of the glory of God; being justified freely by his, grace through the redemption that is in Christ Jesus; whom God hath set forth to be a propitiation through faith in his blood, to declare his righteousness for the remission of sins that are past, through the forbearance of God; to declare, I say, at this time, his righteousness ; that he might be just and the justifier of him that believeth in Jesus. Where is boasting, then ? It is excluded. By what law ? Of works ? Nay; but by the law of faith. Therefore we conclude that a man is jus-tified [made righteous] by faith without the deeds of the law." Rom. 3 : 20-28. And " if by one man's offense death reigned by one ; much more they which receive abundance of grace and of the gift of righteousness, shall reign in life by one, Jesus Christ." Rom. 5 :17. "Look unto me and be ye saved, all the ends of the earth : for I am God and there is none else." Isa. 45: 22. "Hear and your soul shall live." Isa. 55:3. " Speak ye unto the rock, and it shall give forth his water." Num. 20:8. " And that Rock was Christ." 1 Cor. 10:4. "O taste and see that the Lord is good." Ps. 34 : 8. " For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten Son, that whoso-ever believeth in him should not perish but have everlasting life. For God sent not his Son into the world, to condemn the world, but that the world through him might be saved." John 3:16, 17. " And if any man hear my words and believe not, I judge him not; for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world." John 12:47. This is the way of salvation provided by Jesus Christ. Now for the other. Everybody knows that penance is the very keystone of the Catholic structure of doctrine as to the 