AMERICAN SENTINEL. 441 with its attendant dangers is all that can be expected from religio-political agitation. Let no one be misled into hoping to see the kingdom of heaven advanced by political schemes. The gospel, and not the ballot box, is the power of God unto sal ration.ŠBible Echo. Religious Conditions in the Philippine Islands. A STUDY of the religious conditions prevailing in the Philippine islands, is of particular interest at the present time in view of the prospective absorption of the islands and people by the United States. From what is said on the subject by individuals who can speak from personal observation and experience, it appears that changes of a most radical nature will be necessary to bring about conditions there, in harmony with free government and separation of church and state. In the Literary Digest for June 25 some quotations are given upon this subject from the Rev. F. De P. Cas-tells, a missionary now in Guatemala, and Professor Worcester, of the University of Michigan. The former claims to be the only Protestant who ever tried to preach in the Philippines. As may be conjectured, he had a trying experience. He was thrown into prison, and in various ways persecuted till he was compelled to leave. He asserts that the Catholic clergy derive from the islands a yearly revenue of nearly $24,000,000 in gold. This is one thing that Spanish rule in the Philip-pines means to the Catholic church, and throws light upon the intense desire of the head of that church for peace between Spain and the United States before the islands should be wrested from Spanish control. Of the power, of the Friars in the Philippines he says:Š "The Spaniards wonder at times that the priests should have gained so much influence over the natives. How has this come about ? It was simply through the king lending them his authority and military power, and allowing, what we find even now in Spain, a servile sub-ordination of the civil to the spiritual power, The maxim underlying all their ' mission work' was this: All the king's subjects shall be Catholics. And no territory was considered altogether conquered until its inhabitants had been baptized. When once the friars had obtained control of the islands, they were careful not to let their power be lessened. Orders came, indeed, from the Span-ish government for the establishing of schools and the teaching of Spanish to the natives, but these laws were disobeyed. It was proposed that the.  Mohammedan populations of the South should be subjugated, but the friars invariably hindered this by turning the expedi-tions into a sort of religious crusade. In spite of all the precautions taken, however, some of the natives have learned to read Spanish, and have imbibed Western ideas. It is this class which started the revolutionŠand their attitude to the church of Rome is shown by the fact that, whenever they capture convents, the inmates are ruthlessly butchered." The following quotations are from an article b Pro-fessor Worcester in The Independent:Š "The great power in every native village is the padre or village friar. Friars belonging to orders not allowed to hold parishes in any other part of the world, have no diffi-culty in securing them here. Recruited as they are from the lower classes in Spain, their ignorance is, in many cases, almost beyond belief. Once settled over an out of-the-way parish the friar becomes a demigod. He is regarded with reverential awe by the native members of his flock, who kiss his hands whenever he appears in public, and obey implicitly his every order, while Spaniards living near him learn to know and fear his power, and, as a rule, act upon his suggestions. In spite of their vows of poverty and chastity, two or three of these orders of friars con-stitute the wealthiest, as well as the most shameless, class in the islands." " Nominally, the highest power in the Philippines is the governor-general. Actually the controlling power is vested in the clergy, and woe betide the official, be he civil, military, or religious, who attempts to interfere with Philippine monastic life as it exists. One of two results has invariably followed any vigorous attempt to correct the crying evils which I have enumerated. The too ambitious official has found that money would pro-cure the recall even of a governor-general, or he has met a sudden and mysterious death." Under such conditions as are here set forth, the task of establishing a government in the Philippines which will be consistent with American principles of liberty and separation of church and state, must be one from which any nation might well shrink. These are internal diffi-culties which must be met in addition to the complica-tions sure to arise from the jealousy of European powers in case the United States decides to make the islands a part of American territory. The " First Fruits of Imperialism." Now that Hawaii has become a part of United States territory, it is beginning to be realized that the acquisi-tion is accompanied by some complicated and curiousŠnot to say undesirableŠresults, growing out of the rein_ tion of such territory and its people to the Government, as determined by the decision of the judicial authority of the nation. It appears, in fact, that the present gov-ernment of Hawaii, and that which must continue for an indefinite period of the future, under the authority of the United States, constitutes the most perfect type of abso-lute monarchy to be found anywhere in the civilized world. This is a rather startling thing to contemplate from the standpoint of the Declaration of Independence, of the Constitution, and of the national traditions handed down from the days of Washington and Jeffer-son; yet probably but few people in the land will be startled at it to-day. Some are, however, including the editor of the Baltimore Sun, who states some interesting facts concerning the situation in a late issue of that journal. As these are worthy of consideration by every American interested in the national welfare, we reproduce them here, as follows :Š "Now that Congress has declared the Hawaiian 