AMERICAN SENTINEL. 59 Driving in his carriage one day, he alighted to turn a tumblebug to his legs. Replying to the Cabinet minister within the carriage, he said: "I merely wanted to give him a show with all the other bugs of his class." He did not want to annex the bug or to tell him how to run his business. He did not seek to tax him or to tell him that he did not know how to govern his bugship. He set him along the highroad, along the line of the survival of the fittest. Do you remember when Mexico was invaded by the French and Uncle , Sam said, "Go; there is the Monroe doctrine; Mexico is covered by the shadow of its wing," and the French soldiers left, and the brave little Repub-lic of Mexico is slowly but surely climbing the ladder to a better education, a better civilization. Ah, Mr. Presi-dent, that is the expansion I believe in. That is the im-perialism the fathers taught. Gentlemen may say I belittle my own institutions. I do not. I should like to call attention to a few of the beams in the eye of the Americano that he may not,  stretch and break his neck reaching 10,000 miles away to find the mote in the eye of the Filipino. Oh, but gentlemen say there is something in it.  There is the sale of rum and tobacco and calico. If you want the land, there is Canada; that is nearer. Take Canada. They talk our language. But when I say that to my expansionist friend, he says, "That is different." Oh, yes; it is different, and I will tell you the difference. It is the difference between the fleet of a Victoria and the fleet of Aguinaldo. That is all the difference. There is no difference in principle, for if you have a right to take the Philippines and govern them and tax them without their consent, you have the right to take Canada. Mr. President, who wants to govern the Philippines, let me ask in conclusion? Where is the ambitious Sena-tor who wants to make laws at this desk to govern people 10,000 miles away? Who is the kind-hearted statesman? You can not speak their language. You do not know their schools. You can not read their newspapers. You do not know their religion. Why, I never even saw one of their newspapers. I am told there is a bogie man here who represents Aguinaldo, but I have never even seen him. I have an idea that their homes are sacred to them and that their government, like thg fountain head, is what the people will make it; that it can never be better until they make it better, and that government can not be learned by inheritance any more than you can inherit a trade. Who craves the power to make laws for men 10,000 miles away whom you never saw? Who seeks to go there as the governor? If Democracy succeeds, tell me the name of the man in this Chamber who wants to go, covered with the tinsels, the gewgaws, and flubdubs of sovereignty that come from royalty, and have the na-tives receive you and keep the flies off of your, sacred person while you listen to the interpreter. What man  ever breathed American air in Illinois or Wisconsin who would stoop to this? I have almost prayed for some magnetic power that I could turn the tide for the liberty of those people, for some magnetic power that I could draw you so close that I could write in living letters upon your hearts the word "liberty." Not liberty, Mr. President, for your family as I prescribe it, not liberty for me or my children by your dictation, not Austrian liberty for Hungary, not Spanish liberty for Cuba, not English liberty for the United States, aye, and not American liberty for the Philippines, but universal libertyŠuniversal liberty for which our fathers died. Not Wanted in CubaŠthe "American Sabbath." A "CUBAN-AMERICAN" states in the Sabbath Recorder what he thinks of the "cut and dried" plan of evangeliza-tion for the Cuban people proposed by the "Protestant Alliance." He speaks, of course, not only for himself, but for the people among whom he has been raised. He says:Š "Cubans dread the incoming of Protestant sects. They wish, however, to be free from Roman Catholic Church domination, of which they are sick and suspi cious. They do not ask the Protestant denominations to settle the matter in any cut-and-dried manner in which they are contemplating it in the United States They see nothing ahead but future strife in the Church of Christ, to apportion different provinces of Cuba off to this denomination and to that. When provincial boun-daries become marked by sectarian bodies, religious and civil wars will commence in earnest, and it will be with Cuba as it was with the cats of Kilkarney. "The Cubans plead for some one evangelical church on the island. Something similar to the French Evan-gelical Church; or to what is called Old Catholicism: or, as the Swiss prefer to say, 'Christian Catholic.' Those movements in Europe which ha'e been away from the Roman Catholic Church, while holding to the universal and unifying idea whose aim is biblical, primitive, evan-gelical, apostolical Christianism is what they will much more heartily accept than the absurd plan of the 'Prot-estant Alliance.' They recognize that the whole face of Protestantism must be reformed before it will be biblical, and care not for the mistakes of the past to be introduced into the New Cuba. "Such statements as Dr. Plum and his compeers have made recently, in regard to the 'civil Sabbath' are looked upon with more favor in the United States than in Cuba. Cubans nor Roman Catholics in general will never accept, with any serious well wishes, any body or set of people who insist that 'we must force the blessing of the Ameri-can Sabbath upon these islands recently come into our possession.' Let me hit the Rev. Dr. Plum right in the pit, together with all those who are trying 'to force' anything on Cuba contrary to clause IV. of the Joint Resolution of Congress, signed by the President aŁnd made public to the world; together with attempts to lay hands upon the God-given consciences of the Cubans. 