APRIL 23, 1896. ANIE1.11-EICA.N 131 knee before Baal, the god of destruction and the slaughterer of brothers. Many, I am sure, still truly adore the God of the cross, the God of justice and of peace. With them I feel in perfect communion of faith, and I am happy that they pray for me, for my household, and my people. I only wish that they would make truth dwell in the sanctuary, and that instead of a mutilated gospel, which explains the confusion and the infidelity of the peoples of Europe, they would return and lead others back to the true gospel, which began with the creation of the world. By what right do they efface the whole portion of it which precedes the coming of Jesus Christ, and have they done away with that God established for all time ? What you call the Old Testament is as true as the New, and what is contained in it must be respected and observed by those who follow Jesus and the apos-tles, announced by the prophets. Ł Ł Ł Ł Ł There are more than 300,000 of them [Jews] in my kingdom, and, though they enjoy almost complete in-dependence, they are obedient and industrious sub-jects. They never conspire, pay all tributes, and re-spect our abuna as much as do the Christians. If they are worse in Europe it is because the Christians, too, are worse. Our Lord Jesus forgave them on the cross. Why should we persecute them? You, at least, do not persecute them. May the other Christians of Europe imitate you. What you need is to return to our God, to observe all his ordinances, to no longer separate Moses and the prophets from the apostles, or St. Peter from St. Paul. Whoever wishes to serve God must humble himself and obey. You know that, envoy of God. Teach it in Europe and Asia. I am having it taught in Africa. May the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you. MENELEK. Of course, the fact that the Abyssinians are (professedly) Christians does not make an attack upon them any more wicked than it would be if they were heathen. The selfish grabbing for African territory at the expense of the property and lives of the natives, is altogether unchristian and wicked. Evidently all king Menelek desires of the " Christian " nations of Europe is to be let alone. SIGNIFICANT. [Southern Sentinel, Melbourne.] OCTOBER 31, 1895, the following motion was introduced in the Anglican Synod at Auckland, N. Z.:Š That this synod welcomes with thankfulness the kind expressions towards the British people, and the call to prayer for unity, contained in the letter of His Holiness Pope Leo XIII., and in response to his wishes and of those of the Arcbishop of Canterbury, now re-spectfully requests the bishop to take such steps as he shall see fit, and call all the people in this diocese to pray to the great Head of the church for the unity of Christendom. Although the motion did not pass, that such a motion should be introduced in an Anglican Synod is significant. It indicates a drift toward Rome. Ł 4.- Ł SUM:1k! ENFORCEMENT IN MASSACHUSETTS. A LETTER received April 14, from Mr. W. T. Gibson, of Everitt, Mass., shows how the spirit of Sunday enforcement is manifesting itself in that section of the country. Mr. Gibson relates that on Sunday, April 5, he ' was doing some work on a chimney on the top of a building located at the intersection of Thorndyke and Robbins Streets, Everitt, when he was hailed by a policeman from the sidewalk on Robbins Street, and an interesting dialogue followed. We quote from Mr. Gib-son's letter :- 0.g/cmŠGibson, do you build chimneys Sundays? I said, I am pointing it. 0.ŠBeen working all day? Yes, sir.  0.ŠHow long have you worked Sundays? For eighteen years. 0.ŠWell, you must stop this Sunday work. I said, I think not; I am not disturbing any one, I cannot keep two days, and am not going to. 0.ŠYou come down here. I kept at work all the time. He walked around to the front entrance on Thorn- dyke Street, and with loud voice demanded, "Gibson, come down here," several times. I made no reply. He then came up, as I suppose, to the top floor, and said, " Gibson "! I said, What, sir? Ł 0.ŠYou must stop work. I said, I think not. You have no right to stop my working. 0.ŠDo you think so? I said, Yes, sir; and if it were a matter that I con- sidered you had a right to demand of me, I would willingly obey you. I have a right to earn my liv- ing. O.ŠWill you stop work? I said, I do not think so. 0.ŠWell, if you don't, I will put you in court to- morrow. I replied, Well, I cannot help it if you do. He went down, and I finished my work. Mr. Gibson expected to be summoned before the court on the following day, but up to the time of writing had not been informed of any legal proceedings against him. Mr. Gibson was prosecuted in December, 1894, for keeping a small store open on Sun-day. He was fined fifty dollars and costs on that occasion, but no effort has been made to collect the money, nor has Mr. Gibson been imprisoned in lieu thereof. EACH HAS ITS SPHERE. [By H. W. Bowman, in A. P. A. Magazine for April.] THE church and civil society are two vast organizations, essentially different as to their origin, the object they have in view, and the means of obtaining that object. The church is drawn together for moral improvement and spiritual benefit; the State is a necessary mu-tual association to promote the civic welfare of the people. The church instituted by Christ Jesus is founded upon revelation. The sense in which every civic society acknowledges God as its author isŠit was the original will of God that men, for their own happiness and protection, should unite themselves and form the various civil societies such as exist in the world. The papal dogma that makes the church, as the exponent of God's will, the basis of civil society, is false and pernicious. The true origin of civil society is the compact of union, and submission to a supreme power ; and it is from this compact that all the rights of civil society arise. Or, in the words of the wise statesmen of America, "All governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed." The principles of church government and State government are dissimilar. The insti-tutions are fundamentally so unlike that they cannot be blended without destroying the nature of one or both. For the civil ruler, the great and only essential qualification is to be able to wield the chief physical force of the community, whether by means of moral influences,* or otherwise; for the church a superiority in spiritual gracesŠlove, humility, wisdom and disinterestednessŠis needed. In short, church authority and State authority rest on essentially different bases, require different qualifications, are recognized on * The expression "moral influences," is used here evi-dently in its secondary or accommodated sense as meaning no more than the consensus of public opinion as to how people ought to relate themselves to each other as social beings and to the community.ŠEDITOR SENTINEL. different principles. Hence a union of church and State works an injury to both. The chief object of the church is the moral reformation of sinners, and the establishment of believers in virtue. The discipline of the church relates to internal sentiments of the soul, rather than to any external actions. Now, as physical force does not produce in-ternal sentiments, it follows that the church, in order to obtain its object, has no other means than instruction, exhortation, exercises piety, and sometimes the exclusion from spir-itual privleges of contumacious or refractory members. The use of physical coercion does not belong to the sphere of its operation. Rome, in claiming the right to use force, violates a fundamental law of the Christian religion. Civil society has for its object the preserva-tion of public order, the attainment of justice, the establishment of law and the acquisition of the greatest temporal happiness to the indi-viduals composing it. To obtain this object it refers solely to external acts, not to the internal sentiments of individuals. Civil laws, not moral ones, are the only kind it can enforce. The civil power is obliged to use force in obtaining its object. Policemen do not depend on moral suasion, nor preachers of the gospel upon the use of a club. Reli-gion is not a subject of legislation by civil government, nor civil government a province of the church. Religious freedom does not mean religious despotism. If the church is left free to worship God according to the dic-tates of the individual conscience, it is not thereby granted the right to usurp the powers and prerogatives of the State and exercise them. God's law covers the realm of thought, man's law that of action. Covetousness is forbidden by God, yet the State cannot pun-ish for it. But let one reach forth his hand and steal, and the State will punish him. Religious morality does not come under the cognizance of State law, and cannot be pun-ished before an earthly tribunal. The State can punish incivility, it cannot punish immorality. It does not enact laws because they are re-vealed by God, but because they are exped-ient to human society. Therefore a civil government is not a moral government. Ps laws are civil, not moral. The church deals with moralsŠthe State with civics. Civic " righteousness" is a duty owed to the State; morality involves our obligation to God. THE MOVEMENT GROWS. Adherents Numbered by Millions. WHAT movement grows ?ŠThe movement that looks to the enthronement of Christ by religio-political methods; the movement that proposes to bring in a reign of " righteous-ness " by force of civil law and the policeman's club; the movement that proposes to make the polling places " holy ground," and turn politicians into " saints; the movement that is now, even as in the earlier centuries, in-stilling the virus of the poisonous doctrine of a false theocracy into the minds of the masses; the movement that proposes to make a legal Christianity easy by removing all obstacles and crosses, and the road to ruin so hard that no sinner will dare to go in the broad road; and so bring in the temporal millennium. The organ of the National Reformers, in 1887, said :Š The political aim of Christianity is to bring forth a time in which Christianity shall control the caucus, religion shall control the politics, the politicians shall be saints, and the polls, holy ground. In the same year, the Woman's Christian 