FO) E  Ti)  Tang man hear rng-word4ond believe not IjudgehinnerŠJawante 416 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. CHICAGO, JULY 5, 1900. SW.Any one receiving The Sentinel of Liberty without having ordered it, may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered The Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. Yellow fever has reappeared in a threatening man-ner in Cuba, and now the question is being asked why it is necessary to maintain garrisons of United States troops in the island, exposed as they must be to the danger of attack from the dreaded scourge. The ques-tion is especially pertinent in view of the promise made by. the Government to withdraw its forces when paci-fication was established, there being as complete peace in the island now as there is in the United States. The answer to the question must come from Washington. A Seventh-day Adventist barber of Newark, Ohio, named Dorsey, was arrested for keeping his shop open Sunday, June 19, and was fined $13 and costs, amounting in all to $17. This was done at the insti-gation of the barbers' union. The Sunday law of Ohio provides an exemption for those who observe the sev-enth day, which Mr. Dorsey has regularly done ; but this did not interfere at all with the prosecution brought against him for working on Sunday. And this illustrates about how valuable these Sunday law exemption clauses are as a protection to conscientious observers of the seventh day, when their enemies are determined to make them trouble for doing Sunday work. This is the third case of prosecution of con-scientious Christians under the Sunday laws that we have reported within a month. The Toronto World of June 29, reports a meeting of the executive board of the Ontario Lord's Day Al-liance, in Toronto, at which "a report was made of a government investigation into the question of the ne-cessity for opening the canals on the Lord's day." The investigation was not finished, and the question will be argued before the government at an early date. The new secretary of the Alliance, Rev. J. G. Shearer, is to begin on August 15 a five or six weeks' tour of the Maratime Provinces and Quebec, accom-panied by Rev. F. A. Cassidy, of Guelph, Ont., and together they will organize Lord's Day Alliances in that territory similar to the one that is now pi-n*71;11,-n+  in Ontario. Evidently this move is intended as a step toward securing Sunday legislation by the Do-minion parliament. A pyramid of whiskey in barrels on the steamship piers at Hoboken, N. J., was responsible on Saturday last for the loss of several hundred lives and the de-struction of $10,000,000 worth of property, including several ocean liners, by fire. The catastrophe began with an insignificant blaze in a cotton bale, which was communicated to the whiskey pile, and the resulting explosion spread the flames over a vast area with the most incredible rapidity. In any case this whiskey pyramid would have caused the loss of a number of lives and of considerable property before it was all disposed of, but on this occasion an appaling penalty was paid for the manufacture and intended use of this noxious mixture that has ever been so great an enemy to mankind. The attempt to enforce Sunday in the island of Raratonga, one of the Cook Group in the South Pa-cific, has finally led to most tragic consequences. Latest advices from the island received by way of Seattle, Wash., report a general uprising of the na-tives against the whites, and that fifty of the latter have been killed. The Europeans are retreating to the seaport towns, which they are fortifying in expectation of attack. This uprising of the natives with its terri-ble loss of life is the direct result of the attempt to enforce Sunday observance upon them, they having been accustomed to observe the seventh day as the Sabbath,Šthe day observed until recently by all pro-fessing Christianity in the island. It has long been known that, owing to its position relative to the day line, the day observed as Sunday in the island was in reality the seventh day; but when it began to be taught that the seventh day is the true Sabbath, an influential party of the whites set about to secure the observance of the first day in place of the seventh, and finally secured from the British governor a law mak-ing Sunday observance compulsory. Now scores of people are dead, much property destroyed, and the cause of Christianity in the island indefinitely set back, all because of that most obnoxious thingŠa religious lawŠfor which there was no necessity whatever. Every man, civilized or savage, naturally revolts against com-pulsion in religion ; and those who have instituted this in Raratonga are responsible for the situation that is now reported as existing there. A board has been appointed in Cuba to consider the question of the ownership of church property. 