166 THE .,--.1\d4.1ŁZICAN SENTINEL. compelled anyone to follow him ; he said, "Who-soever will, let him come." The first amendment to the Constitution pro-vides that "Congress shall make no law respect-ing the establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." Whosoever will may be a Christian, and Congress must not interfere; and whosoever will not has an equal right not to be; and the great Head of Christianity has given no further authority to any power. He certainly would not grant to any agency authority beyond what he himself would exercise. The un-christian advocates of a religious amendment say, in effect: "Whatsoever we would that men should do, we will urge the enactment of laws compell-ing them to do." Under the protection to civil and religious lib-erty secured by the Constitution as it is, this country has grown and flourished, besides giving to Christianity such freedom as it never before enjoyed. Under the influence of our free institu-tions, both at home and abroad, Christianity has for a hundred years received encouragement unparalleled in history. Why, then, it will be asked, is not Christianity satisfied with the Con-stitution as it is ? The reply is, Christianity is satisfied. It is the hydrahead of religious bigotry seeking power, everywhere springing up in worldly, ambitious churches, and in the hearts of . unchristian professors of Christianity, that de-mands a change of the Constitution. Therefore, in the name of Christianity, and for the sake of the free exercise of Christian liberty, let the Constitution remain as it is. A constitu-tion guaranteeing equal and exact justice to all men harmonizes with Christian principles ; while one inspired by religious intolerance cannot guar-antee justice to all alike, and can be "only evil continually." W. N. GLENN. 0 I- A Plea for a Sunday ,Law. THE following letter from a zealous National Reformer in Kansas will be fully appreciated by our readers EDITOR AMERICAN SENTINEL : As one of my neigh-bors is taking your paper, and I have been reading it, I would like to say a word on this Sabbath ques-tion. It appears to me that you are going to ex-tremes in regard to the Sabbath. You don't think the laws of the United States should have any-thing to do with the Sabbath. Here I think you make a grand mistake. . . . I know, and you know, that if we had no Sabbath law, thousands of people would work all day Sunday, or stay in the saloons or gambling dens, or stay at home and read some trashy newspaper or dime novel, or be at some other mischief, while if we had a law to protect our Sabbath so that people would not dare to do these crimes, they would go to church ; probably not for any good at the time, but by going and hearing the gospel they might become interested and be convicted and converted. We know the unconverted are blind in sins and are not likely to become Christians if they cannot be placed under the influence of the gospel, therefore ought we not to use every possible effort to bring them under the influence of the gospel ? . . . Oh, that men would lay the world and worldly things aside, and put on the armor of almighty God, that when we amie to leave this world we can say with the apostle Paul, " We have fought a good fight, we have kept the faith ,and are going home to wear a crown of glory ! " This is genuine National Reform argument. If there is no Sunday law people will not go to church, and if they don't go to church they won't be converted ; therefore they ought to be com-pelled to choose between going to church on Sun- day and sitting all day with folded hands doing nothing ! But suppose they should still refuse to  go to church ? Oh, in that case a law would be in order compelling them to go! And that is just what this National Reform logic leads to every time if it is followed to its conclusion ; for if the State has a right to interfere in one partic-ular in matters of religion it has the right to in-terfere in all such particulars; if it may decide one question of religious duty it follows that it must be perfectly competent for it to decide all such questions, and then the State would be Pope. We have the most implicit faith in the gospel, and believe most heartily that it is the power of God unto salvation to all that receive it, but we do not believe that any man or any set of men have any authority to force the gospel upon anybody, or even to so hedge them about with law that they will choose it as the least of two evils. The National Reform plan of getting people con-verted by legislative enactment is entirely foreign to the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ as we understand it, and as it is clearly revealed in the Scriptures. If any authority to coerce people has ever been given it must have been in a later rev-elation than the New Testament, one about which we know nothing, and one which must have come by way of the Pope of Rome-or through the Inquisition. Piety by Proxy. THERE is a craze for doing all duties and curing all evils by proxy. Rich Christians try to do their charity by checks and other substitutes, and poor Christians leave all the praying and teaching and working to the pastor and his ap-pointed assistants. The theory that every man has personal duties that no one can do for him is quite exploded, and the Romish idea that the church and the priest can settle all religious mat-ters, private and public, is popular. As a natural result of such opinions we find that many persons rely upon law to take their place in all public responsibility. A few men are elected or appointed to official positions, and thousands at once surrender all their interests and relinquish all their civic duties to these represent-atives. The claims of morality upon every indi-vidual, to use influence and force of character and self-denying effort in favor of right and justice and honesty and temperance, are ignored because there are laws to establish and enforce these claims. There are laws against all offenses, and police and magistrates to execute them, and there-fore the average citizen is satisfied. If the law is broken or not enforced, it is no concern of the citizen, but only of the official. It is the duty of the individual to prevent intemperance in his family and among his servants; but instead of do-ing his personal duty to those dependent upon him he prefers to place this duty upon the law-makers, and charges them to prevent drunkenness by prohibitory law. Law has potency because it can punish, but it has no saving or reformatory power. The triumphs of the gospel of Christ from the time of the apostles have been signal examples of personal power under divine in-spiration. The passage, " To every man his own work," needs reiteration and enforcement, for mul-titudes are putting off their own work upon other people. This is one reason for empty churches and de-caying charities and benevolent work that seems "run to seed." The personal Christian life is gone, and there is only a corpse or a machine; the spirit of individual duty has departed, and what is left will soon shrivel and decay. We  need love in place of law, life in place of form, the constraining love of Christ, which makes duty a pleasure, instead of the cold demand of the law, which is satisfied with a substitute or a proxy. Much that might be done to bring sinners to sal-vation is neglected, because those who ought to use their personal influence with friends and rela-tives and associates and dependents are timid or careless or unwilling to speak and act for Jesus.ŠAugustus, in the New York Observer. Who Is Doing the Clamoring? FOR several months past Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts has not ceased to tell us how the labor or-ganizations all over the land were clamoring for Sunday legislation. He would have us believe that the workingmen had started such a sweeping crusade for Sunday that the ministers were al-most forced to join them. But in his enthusiastic endeavor to exalt the American Sabbath Union, he overreached himself at the Boston Monday lecture, March 25, 1889. After stating that this union " originated in a petition to the Method-ist General Conference, which met in May, ask-ing it to take the initiative in forming a national society for the defense [not of the workingmen but] of the Sabbath, to be constituted by of-ficial representatives of [not the labor organiza-tions but] the evangelical churches," he proceeded to name the religious organizations which had concurred in the arrangement, and then said:Š " This successful union, to prevent the heathenizing of America, of those churches that have not yet suc-ceeded in uniting to Christianize Japan ; this co-op-eration of such intense Republicans as our President, Col. Elliott F. Shepard, with such Southern leaders as Senator Colquitt, who has accepted honorary mem-bership; and the co-operation this union has established outside of its membership on the basis of a broad hu-manity with the leading labor organizations and the head of the Catholic ChurchŠthis is surely as wonderful a ' union ' as the churches can show." [All italics mine.] This shows that the American Sabbath Union was called for by the churches; that it was made up of "official representatives " of the evangelical churches; that it was the churches that took the "initiative" in forming a "national society for the defense of the Sabbath ; " and that this Sabbath Union importuned the official representatives of the labor organizations to co-operate with them. We know, too, that this was accomplished by long and earnest argument on the part of the union. And then they will tell us how the la-boring classes are "begging" for Sunday laws! A. DELOS WESTCOTT. THE advocates of a stringent Sunday law (with-out exemption) in Arkansas, on their recent de-feat in the Legislature, declared their intention to persistently agitate the subject for the next two years, and prepare for an overwhelming victory at the next session. This is the sentiment and policy of religious coercionists throughout the country; now the question arises, What will the great majority of the peopleŠwho are undoubtedly opposed to Sunday lawsŠdo while the enemies of religious liberty are at work ? Wisdom would say, Manifest an equal degree of diligence to main-tain the integrity of our free institutions. But there is such confidence in the apparent impreg-nability of our Government, that the masses will probably rest secure until it is too late. However, the SENTINEL proposes not to be found sleeping on guard, and its weekly warnings will be faith-fully sounded forth. 