THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 69 That, it was a Wicked institution few will now ha-ye:the hardihood to deny. Even the peo-ple where it flourished, and who reaped all the benefit that was to be reaped from it, are glad that jt is abolished. And yet thousands of ,good men upheld the institution, and held slaves. It cannot be denied that there were people who held slaves, who were personally as upright, aiLd as conscientious Christians, as any who opposed the institution. It is no doubt true that very many slaves were actu-ally in better circumstances than many col-ored people are now in a state of freedom. .But these are not the things by which we judge slavery. Even if the vast majority of Slaverholders had been humane men, that wonld, not have made the system right. The fact is that under that system which was up-held: by' so many good men, a bad man could expend upon his slaves all the hellish brutal-ity,of his nature, and the law would uphold it. The principle of the system was, .in the Arot place, opposed to the golden rule, and all the good men in the world could not, by their advocacy of it, make it right. The system 'Must be judged by the injustice which it allowed men to do. , So,must we judge of the National Reform system. When a universal rigid Sunday law is once passed, all the good intentions of the men who are working to secure it, and the humane feelings of the good women of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, can-not prevent the law from being used as an in-strument of cruelty upon persons who consci-entiously differ with the majority. The methods which are used to advance the movement should convince anybody that there is something essentially wrong about it. We have . already spoken of the great lists of names which Rev. Mr. Crafts is securing to petitions in favor of the Blair Sunday Bill. But it would take too long, and would involve too much labor, to circulate these petitions throughout all the country, for individual signatures. So a scheme has been devised by, which a great deal more influence can be secured for it, with much less trouble. The matter is to be presented, not to individuals, but to churches, and a vote taken on it. If the vote is favorable, as it will usually be, then the entire membership of the church will be counted as favorable. Let us illustrate. Here is a. chnrch of five hundred members. At one of its meetings, when there is an average at-tendance of perhaps three hundred members, a vote is taken on the Sunday bill, and no one votes against it. Then by the vote of less than three hundred people, the influence of five hundred is Secured in favor of the bill, although many of the five hundred may be opposed to the bill. Even though a few of the three hundred present vote against the bill, their votes are not counted out, and so opposition is by this ledgerdemain turned into advocacy. Anything which uses such meth-ods must be inherently wrong. Before we close we .must refer to a little circumstance that happened years ago, for the express benefit of those who think that no harm can come from a movement that is  in the hands of such good women as the leaders of the National Woman's Christian Temperance Union. Some men named Paul and Barnabas were preaching the doctrines of a sect that was everywhere spoken against. They were doing this, notwithstanding the fact that their preaching had,  been condemned by the established church, and was utterly out of harmony with the belief of the major-ity of church-members. At Antioch, in Pi-sidia, they had been so active that "the word of the Lord was published throughout all the region," much to the disgust of the general public. So the record says:Š "But the Jews stirred up the devout and hon-orable women, and the chief men of the city, and raised persecution against Paul and Bar-nabas, and expelled them out of their coasts." Acts 13:50. Here is something for our friends to con-sider. If it had not been for the influence of the "devout and honorable women," Paul and Barnabas might have continued preach:-ing in Antioch. The heathen did not perse-cute them, but on the contrary rejoiced to hear the word ; it was the good people of the church, "the chief men of the city," and the "devout and honorable women,"Šthe emi-nently respectable and moral people,Šthat persecuted Paul and Barnabas, and drove them from the country. And who shall say that a similar thing may not happen again? We bring no charges against the worthy women of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union. We are willing to grant that they are all "devout and honorablb," but we re:-member that just such women once perse= cuted the preachers of the gospel, and were no less " devout and honorable " when they got through than when they begun. When error is upheld by law, then the law-abiding people must prosecute those who stand for truth and against error; and in such a case prosecution becomes persecution. E. J. W. The National Establishment of the Christian Religion. THAT amendment to the National Constitu-tion that has been offered by Senator Blair, and which is now pending in Congress, is a singular sort of a document, though hardly any more so than was to be expected in - the promotion of the scheme which underlies it, e., the establishment of a National religion. The proposed amendment is just about as flatly self-contradictory as any proposition could be. Section 1 reads as follows :Š "No State shall ever make or maintain any law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." The first sentence of section 2 reads as fol-lows :- "Each State in this Union shall establish and maintain a system of free public schools ad-equate to the education of all the children living therein, between the ages of six and sixteen years, inclusive, in the common branches of knowledge, and in virtue, moral-ity and the principles of Christian religion." That is to say, No State shall ever make or maintain a law -respecting an establishment of religion; but every State in this Union shall make and maintain laws establishing the principles of the Christian religion. And to make assurance doubly sure, section 3 de-clares thatŠ "The United States shall guaranty to every State, and to the people of every State and of the United States, the support and mainte-nance of such a system of free public schools as is herein provided." And that is to say that the United States Government pledges itself that every State shall establish and maintain the principles of the Christian religion. 'This proposed amend-ment therefore, at one stroke, establishes Christianity as the National religion, because it declares that every State shall maintain the principles of the Christian religion in the pub-lic schools, and the Nation is pledged to see that this is done. Therefore there must be a National decision of some kind declaring just what are the principles of the Christian relig-ion. Then when that decision shall have been made, every State will have to receive from the Nation just those principles of religion which the Nation shall have declared to be the principles of the Christian religion, and which the Nation will have -pledged itself shall be taught in the public schools of every State. In other words, the people of the United States will then have to receive their religion from the Government of the United States. There-fore, if Senator Blair's proposed amendment to the National Constitution does not provide for the establishment and maintenance of a National religion, then no religion was ever established or maintained in this world. But how shall this National decision be made as to what are the principles of the Chris-tian religion? It would seem that the second sentence of section 2 makes provision for this. It declares that no "instruction or training shall be given in the doctrines, tenets, belief, ceremonials, or observances peculiar to any sect, denomination, organization, or society, being, or claiming to be, religious in its char-acter; nor shall such peculiar doctrines, ten - ets, belief, ceremonials, or observances, be taught or inculcated in the free public schools." As therefore no religious tenets, doctrines, or beliefs can be taught in the schools, except such as are common to all denominations of the Christian religion, it will follow inevitably that there shall be officially called, a National council of the churches to decide what are the principles common to all, and to estab-lish a National creed, which shall be enforced and inculcated by National power in all the public schools in the United States. And that will be but the establishment of a Na-tional religion. And that is exactly what Sen-ator Blair's constitutional amendment assures, so surely as it or anything similar to it shall ever be adopted. And that is what the Na-tional Reformers intend shall be. It was in this way precisely that the thing was worked in the fourth century. Constan-tine made Christianity the recognized religion of the Roman Empire. Then it became at once necessary that there should be an im-perial decision as to what form of Christianity 