AMERICAN SENTINEL.  133 spirit they are of, any more than did the disciples of old when they asked Jesus to permit them to call down fire from heaven and destroy the Samaritans for not re-ceiving their Lord. If we have not the spirit of Christ, we are none of his. "A Revolution of the Most Radical and Far- Reaching Character." BY JOHN D. BRADLEY. Ix introducing the following quotation we think of two things that are quite strange. One is that the members of the United States Senate Ñthe highest deliberative body in this countryÑhave a better opportunity for free speech and an untrammeled,  expression of their opinions, than have the members of possibly any other assembly in the country from the national House of Representatives down to the most unpretentious town meeting. This freedom is naturally expected to be greatest in primary assemblies, and its curtailment is naturally expected to be most pro-nounced in those assemblies farthest removed from the people. This strange thing, however, is not likely to remain long, as it is now proposed by a member of that body that "all resolutions shall be referred without debate, . . . unless the Senate by unanimous consent orders otherwise." The express object of thisresolution is to shut off completely such timely and truthful utter-ances as we quote below. The other strange thing is that there are a large number of people who see nothing inconsistent between the present attitude of the American Government to-ward liberty and humanrights,and its attitude through-out its whole history up to within less than two years ago. They admit that the succession of events has been rapid, but they insist that the "Republic"is simply making swifter and greater progress in the direction that it has always pursued; that it is simply hastening to its legitimate destiny and accomplishing the great purpose for which it exists. We are told that "For ages has Asia waited for America to be born, and to grow to her present strength," and that the time has come for her to assume her "responsibilities" and to discharge her "obligations." To such people and to all others who have any doubts as to whether or not the American Government is repudiating the principles of republican government of which it has been the grand exponent for over a cen-tury, we commend the following earnest and able words spoken by Hon. A. 0. Bacon, of Georgia, in the United States Senate, January 30:Ñ "Revolution means a turning over. In political matters it is used to signify a complete or radical change. There could scarcely be a more complete or radical change in the institutions of a country than a  change from a condition where all were free citizens and none were subject vassals, to a condition where in a particular locality all are subject vassals and none are free citizens; a change from a condition where all are allowed through their votes to participate in determin-ingthe legislation of the General Government, to a con-dition in a particular locality where all, are made subject to laws in the making of which they are forever denied the privilege of having a voice; a change from a condi-tion in which the people have all the rights, powers and privileges of sovereign statehood, to a condition where for all time they are to be allowed no governmental or-ganization of their own excepting only such dependent organization as they are permitted to maintain at the will and pleasure of the General Government. "The proposition is not to be successfully contro-verted that such radical changes in the principles and practises of our Government will constitute a revolution of the most pronounced type. "If, therefore, the acquired territory is to be perma-nently held without statehood and without the privilege or right of their people to participate directly or indi-rectly in the enactment of the laws of the General Gov-erment by which they are to be governed, and if it is impossible that they can ever be given such privileges and rights, the permanent retention of these islands is, an expansion of territory without the extension of our system of government; it is an expansion which de-stroys to that extent our political principles and our governmental ideals; it is an expansion which is neither the natural growth nor the legitimate development of our system of government, but it is an expansion which is a revolution in that system. "The conditions which now exist, and which will undoubtedly exist hereafter if we permanently retain the Philippines, make it impossible that they can ever become a State; and to hold them as a subject colony makes necessary a revolution in our system of govern-ment which should not be aided by anyone who is loyal to the principles upon which that system was founded. It is a revolution which requires those who support it to deny the most venerated principles contained in the Declaration of Independence, and compels them to openly challenge and dispute their truth. It is a revo-lution which tramples under foot the warnings and pre-cepts of Washington's Farewell Address, which we have¥ heretofore reverently read in this chamber upon each recurring anniversary, and the teachings of which the American people have held as sacred for more than a hundred years. It is a revolution which utterly scouts and derides the principles which have inspired in us the contemplation of a Republican government as a sacred thing, and which has heretofore caused us to make haste to recognize every Republican government which has been set up by those who have overthrown any form of monarchical government. It is a revolution which palsies our tongue when we would give voice to our sympathy for any people struggling for liberty anywhere on the earth, and makes us with accusing conscience sit in dumb silence for fear the accusing finger may be pointed at us. Nay, more, Mr. President, it is a revolution which, while it denies liberty to other people, endangers the liberty of our own people. "senators cannot fail to recognize that a people to preserve their own liberties must be true to the princi- 