420 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Asia, soon to be all Russian. He points to the want of unanimity in Europe, and tells us that the sword of mighty Russia is the real arbiter. And the three widows whom he has robbed, Finland, Poland, German Russia, bow their heads in fear. "And now the youthful Kaiser, crowned by a helmet which bears the emblem of the fighting eagle: 'I hope for the realization of the dreams of Frederick, of Louise, the country's saint in the struggle with France, of mygrand-father, who knew what he wanted, and knew how to be patient as well as to act. Let every one who speaks the German tongue be as brothers. Let an invincible navy defend our sons, our trade, our industry against the jealous. We need a mailed fist to obtain our share of the wreck of China. I stood upon the Mount of Olives, and I saw that all Asia Minor, once the corn chamber of the world, will be so again in the hands of the Germans. I shall do my duty and see to the fulfillment of my peo-ple's ulterior hopes.' "But how is peace to be established with all this?" Rome and Imperialism. THE Roman Catholic church has declared herself favorable to American imperialism and an alliance of America with Great Britain to secure Anglo-Saxon su-premacy in Asia. This is the accepted import of a speech made at the Independence Day banquet of Americans in London, by Cardinal Vaughan, the papal primate in England. The New York Sun hails the event as a great gain for imperialism, and under the heading, "Rome with Us in the East," prints the following:Š "LONDON, July 4.ŠA declaration of immense im-portance concerning the fate of the Philippines and all Asia was made to night by Cardinal Vaughan, Arch-bishop of Westminster, at the Independence Day ban-quet given by the American Society in London. There is good authority for saying that his utterance is an authorized announcement of the policy of the Roman Catholic church on the Far Eastern question. When it is said that he astonished and electrified his audience by his eloquent appeal to America and England, in co-operation, to carry civilization into Asia in opposition to Russia, it may easily be imagined what a sensation his words created. "Nor was his the only imperialistic speech of the evening. It was the keynote of every word spoken, and the spirit of imperialism aroused an enthusiasm sur-passing anything witnessed at former gatherings of Americans in London. The banquet was attended by the largest and most representative assembly of Ameri-cans ever held in Europe. It was nearly midnight when Cardinal Vaughan spoke, but the tremendous signifi-cance of his words entitles them to be the first quoted. He said:Š " have in my heart the deep-seated and mature conviction that the welfare of the Christian world, es-pecially those portions which have not yet been brought into the pale of civilization, depends in a great measure on the good feeling and cooperation that shall exist  between the American and English peoples. [Cries of "Hear!" "Hear!"] We are living at the end of one century and are about to enter another. Some men may glory in looking backward, and they will have much to learn in retrospect. Others look forward. Their minds are cast toward the future, leaving behind the things they have accomplished, and they press forward. While we are on the eve of a new century the English-speaking peoples look forward to see in what direction their mission will be accomplished. It seems to me from the evidence of past years, and from the manifestation of friendly feeling expressed at this table by your ambassa-dor and senators who have spoken, that we are prepar-ing the American and English peoples for the great work before us in the century to come. 'You no longer, if I may speak to my American cousins, you no longer are a self-contained power. You have come forth from your continent, forced by the acquisition of lands abroad. You stand with your foot on the threshold of the vast continent of Asia. You have entered into the comity of nations that has de-clared itself in many ways interested in the welfare and future of the Asiatic continent. You will never be able to withdraw [Cries of "Hear!" "Hear!"] the influence you have, and it will be greater in the future than ever it was in the past. It must make itself felt on the tremendous population of Asia, which is waiting for the advent of true Christian civilization. [Italics ours.] " 'The question that presents itself constantly to my mindŠI do not know how it will strike your mindsŠis this: Which power in the future of the world shall be predominant over the great continents yet unreclaimed by Christian civilization? Shall it be the great despotic power that looms north of Asia, or shall it be the power of the liberty-loving nations represented by the English-speaking peoples? [Cries of "Hear!" "Hear!"] It is a question of which of the two extremes in modes of gov-ernment shall prevail. There can be no doubt in this hall to which the preference should be given. If then the liberty-loving peoples bring happiness, civilization, and all the benefits of Christianity to the largest majority of the human race yet uncivilized, it can only be, it seems to me, through a good understanding being established between the two great branches of the English speaking people. [Cries of "Hear!" "Hear! ] " 'I am not speaking of commercial interests. I am not speaking of the wealth of England orAmerica. I am speaking on the point alone of your influence and our influence abroad. I pray that the sentiments expressed so eloquently by many speakers to-night, sentiments which animate the English heart as deeply as the Ameri-can, may continue to be woven one with the other, so that the missions of the English speaking races may be carried on successfully in the new century, and that the century may see the completion in a great measure of our common mission.' [Cheers.]" Rome, ever since the days of the Roman republic, has represented imperialism; Hence it is not strange that she favors imperialism to-day. The papacy pre-sents a system of government as far removed from re-publicanism as anything that could be devised. Rome denies that any person has a right to worship God according to the dictates of his own conscience. This is 