292 CAW VOL. 11, No. 36. By advises from Quito, however, we have learned that it is not now the purpose of the "Supreme Chief" to proceed to extremities in this matter. He has given assurance that, because of the security of his government, the property of the church will be pro-tected, and the safety of all peaceful ecclesiastics will be guaranteed. The priests, nuns and Jesuits who left the country when they believed they were in dan-ger, are free to return to it at their pleasure, and to resume their places and their duties as servants of the church. Hereafter the business of teaching will not be under the exclusive authority of the hierarchy, and new privileges will be granted to Protestants; but, at the same time, the liberties of the Catholic Church are to be fully preserved under the revolutionary govern-ment. It is a judicious policy that General Alfaro has adopted. He could not permanently maintain his power in opposition to the church, which, ever since the Spanish conquest, has been supreme in Ecuador. Liberty of religion is essental in a republic. This contest is, of course, nothing more than the effort of the State to throw off the papal yoke and secure that " liberty of " which the Sun declares to be essential in a republic, but which under papal domi-nation, means only liberty for Rome to do as she may please. And when Rome does as she pleases, both her adherents and people who are not her adherents must also do as she pleases, or suffer very unpleasant conse-quences. It is to be hoped that the rising spirit of liberty which is struggling for eman-cipation from the slavery of papal domina-tion in the priest-ridden republic, will be able to secure for the people the birthright blessings so long denied them. s. TURKEY'S RIVALS. WHILE all the world is shuddering at the tale of Turkish atrocities in Armenia, it may be fitting to call attention to the fact that that government is not without formidable rivals for the palm on the point of cruelty, among the so-called " Christian" nations to which appeal has been made for the Turk's suppression. In our last issue we published a report set-ting forth the utter disregard of life mani-fested by the English soldiers toward the poor South African heathen whom they met in arms; and now the record of the French Gov-ernment on the subject is brought to light by the reported escape of a French military officer who had been banished to " Torture Island " for alleged selling of government secrets to the Germans. This island is a short distance off the coast of French Guiana, and is a place of punishment for the worst class of political and criminal offenders. Of the fate of the hapless being sentenced to existence in this place, the New York Journal says The punishment to which the French Government condemned Dreyfus is the most dreadful which the imagination can depict. Banishment to the Isles de Saint means more than death. It means a period of bodily and mental tor-ture which lasts for months or years, as the vitality of the convict may be great or little. The islands lie off the coast of French Guiana, but a few degrees north of the equator. Their area is small, and they are covered with dense tropical forests. It was the murderous climate of the isles which caused them to be selected by the French Government as a place of banishment for its most desperate crim-inals. For eight months in the year, or from November to June, the average rainfall is 180 inches, or four times as much as in New York. July, August, September and October are the dry months, and during this pe-riod the thermometer for weeks at a time registers 115 degrees in the daytime. The lowest temperature at any time of the year is 85 degrees. To stand even for'a few moments in the blazing sun during the dry season is almost sure death to one not thoroughly acclimated. The year round the poison-ous exhalations which charge the atmosphere bring  on the deadly fever, which, unless the convict stricken with it has an iron constitution, soon makes an end of his suffering. It has been estimated that should all the island's outlets to the sea be damned up the whole country would be fifteen feet under water at the end of the wet season. The forests teem with animal life. Venomous rep-tiles and stinging insects swarm in the tropical growths. Panthers and other savage beasts abound, a constant menace to the lives of the poor creatures condemned to live among them. From the moment the convict sets foot on the islands his identity is lost and he is known only by number. His trials begin at once. He is forced to march with companions in misery to the "camp," which is to be his home while he lives. These camps consist of strongly-built, iron barred huts situated in the midst of the forest. The only articles of furniture in them are tables and benches fastened to the floor. Hammocks are swung at night, but the swarms of stinging insects and the fear of the creeping reptiles which are sure to enter the huts unless a constant watch is kept make sleep next to impossible. Exhaustion from want of rest is one of the lesser agonies which the convicts have to endure. The labor they are forced to perform is the most arduous that can be devisedŠthat of draining marshes and clearing ground. This labor is performed under a blazing sun, which, beating down upon the poor creatures, withers up their bodies with its awful heat. So great is, its power that the very picks and shovels with which they perform their toil become so hot as to blister their hands. Standing knee deep in a trench of stagnant water, with swarms of gnats and mosquitoes stinging them into a frenzy, the convicts dig for hours while the al-ternate fever and ague racks their bodies. The guards are armed with rifles and have orders to shoot to kill at the least sign of insubordination. Scores of prisoners deliberately run over the dead lines to draw the shots of the guards and insure them-selves a release from their sufferings. The fact that these awful cruelties are in-flicted upon criminals and not innocent per-sons, does not in the least alter the nature of the light which is reflected thereby upon the government which gives them sanction. To inflict torture upon any person or thing is an act utterly at variance with the spirit of Chris- tianity and love of humanity. S. SUNDAY AGITATION AT. ASHLAND. BY MAY WAKEHAM. THE Ashland Park and Pleasure Boat Com-pany, Nebraska, seem to be creating no small stir among the religious circles of this city. The boat is a barge about 18)121 feet, pro-pelled by a gasolene engine, and runs from Ashland Beach in the south western part of town to the park a few miles up Salt Creek. Of course Sunday is the day on which most of the excursions are held. Sunday, July 12, the excursionists were entertained at the park by shooting matches, bicycle races, a nigger-head target for rotten eggs, etc., and plenty of beer. According to one .of the city papers the churches were all represented at the park. This so aroused the righteous indignation of one of the ministers that he preached a ser-mon on Sabbath desecration last Sunday even-ing. He took for his text the fourth com-mandment. After introducing his subject he exclaimed, " Do you want the people of Ashland to think the sabbath, that holy day on which Christ rose from the dead, is done away? Methinks if the Lord Jesus Christ had come to the park last Sunday he would have thought it was a week-day." He then appealed to the moral citizens to stand shoulder to shoulder and "form a law-and-order league if necessary." He told them the time was coming when a hue and cry against this evil [Sunday desecration] would be raised from every pulpit in the land."  People say, " What can we do?" They for-get the possibilities we have in our State laws. He suggested that committees be appointed so that if anything of the sort should happen again on Sunday "every one of the excursion-ists could be arrested." After the sermon he offered a closing prayer in which he thanked the Lord for the "fourth commandment, which not only commands us to keep the Sabbath, but to see that others keep it; " also that he has "given us the civil laws." His whole sermon was a sad exhibition of " zeal not according to knowledge." It is difficult to understand how any one could read the fourth commandment and other texts he read and apply them all to the first day of the week. We can but be thankful for truth which is so plain and consistent, and when we contrast it with the error on every hand, it shines brighter.ŠNebraska Reporter, August .17. PERSECUTION. [From Liberty, a local Seventh-day Adventist paper published in Toronto, Ontario.] As a people we have long believed and taught that the time would come when per-secution would be felt among us in all its force. In several places the fulfillment of this belief and teaching has been realized during the past few years, and many of our brethren have been treated as though they were criminals, having been compelled to work on the roads in the chain-gangs, wear-ing the prison garb, living on prison fare, and all because they have dared to keep ail of God's commandments. And we expect to see more of it in the future. But there is a different form of persecution to which we wish to call special attention in this article. It is the work of harrassing one because of his religious belief. There are various ways in which this form of persecu-tion is carried on, and the judgement alone will reveal the multitudes who have suffered everything even death itself in consequence of it. Work which belonged to a man, mor-ally speaking, has been withheld, and people have been influenced to deprive him of the means of support in order to drive him to give up his faith or to drive him out of the neighborhood. Or if he has not the means of getting out of the presence of such Christian piety, for it is professed Christians who carry on this sort of work, drive him to starvation. Such persecution requires more of the grace of God to endure than confinement in jail, or impressment into the chain-gang would require; because in the latter case one is sure of prison fare at least, whereas in the other case he is driven to depend upon char-ity. And "the tender mercies of the wicked are cruel." The charity of those who will engage in such persecution is not of a char-acter to impress one as coming from a pure heart with faith unfeigned. We had a case of this kind of persecution here in the city of Toronto not long since. A Swiss who had been living in the city for a number of years accepted the truth recently and began the observance of the Sabbath of the Lord. All went well for a time, but when it became known that he kept the Sabbath, he was waited upon by a number of clergy-men who tried to persuade him that he was in error, but failing in this, they resorted to the gospel of force. The Swiss kept a general repair shop, and he was an excellent workman; but those who 