NOVEMBER 15, 1591. .A.101Et. ICA\ N L.. 357 clause of the factory law rested on a reli-gious basis. He argued that the State itself did not rest on Sunday, for it had its military exercises,Šmore than that much Sunday labor was performed by res-taurants, stores, railways, etc., and hunt-ing on Sunday was practised in many cantons. In principle the Adventists were right, and were it possible to decide this case in their favor that would be his vote. In view of the fact that all work does not cease, on Sunday, that so much work is done, and that they are an orderly people, and in reality meet the intent of the law, the Basel police ought to have known how to have shut one eye in their case. He approved of the factory law in France which left the rest day optional. But as it was not in the province of this court to remedy the case, the only recourse being to the Federal Council, he sustained the motion to reject the appeal. Judge Bezzola, of Graubuenden, could not agree with Judge Comas that Sunday rest stood on a religious basis; its founda-tion was politico-social, its object being to secure the workingman a rest day. The factory law designates Sunday, be-cause, as everybody rests on that day, it is better for the workingman that he should rest at the same time with all the others. We now have Sunday laws every-where, and Sabbatarians must, " in God's name," accommodate themselves to the European social custom of resting on Sun-day,Šaccording to the old saying,Š " Schick dich in die Welt hinein; Denn dein Kopf ist viol zu klein Dass die Welt sich schickt hinein." (This triplet might be rendered thus :Š" Fit yourself into the world, for your head is much too small for the world to fit into it.") In concluding he called attention to the fact that Sunday hunting was already for-bidden in several cantons, and said there would yet be a federal law on the subject. Judge Clausen, of Canton Wallis, replied to the characterization of Article 14 of the factory law as religious, by Judge Cornaz, saying that when the factory law was enacted, both religious and politico-social factors were united, and he thought they could still continue to be united;Šthat when the present state of the confed-eracy was considered it must be admitted that the church still had something to say. It was not here as in some parts of France ; yet even there they had to bow to the demands of Sunday. Judge Stamm, of Schaffhausen, said that his reason for supporting the motion to reject the appeal was, that the Federal Tri-bunal could only follow unconditionally, the letter of the federal laws, and it was not within its jurisdiction, however de-sirable it might be, to consider whether a law is constitutional or not, and the court has nothing to do with the question of the violation of Article 49 of the Constitution; it is sufficient for it to know that Article 14 of the factory law has been violated. Judge Morel, of St. Gallen, declared that it had never occurred to any one to introduce a Sunday of the English or Pu-ritan pattern into Switzerland, there was therefore no law, or practice, to show that there should be no Sunday work at all, but that the custom prevailed that, as far as possible, there should be a common rest day. That which was of importance in this case, however, was that the appel-lant had violated the factory law, and in so doing had also violated the Sunday law of Baselstadt, which was quite strict. He  considered the sentence of the Basel court constitutional, and upheld its decision. Judge Blaesi stated, in addition, that he would have dismissed the case from con-sideration entirely for the reasons sug- gested by Judge Stamm, but he considered " the case one that should be more deeply probed, as it concerned important ques-tions of freedom of conscience, which were set forth in a pamphlet, recently circu-lated in large numbers in all parts of the land." From the thoughts and views offered by the judges, in the main, it can be seen that instead of probing the subject deeply the attention g4ven it was so superficial as rather to deserve the name of scarify-ing than probing. It cannot be doubted, however, that when presented to ,the Fed-eral Council, the question will really be opened and its principles discussed. The court rejected the appeal without a dissenting voice. At this time Elder Holser was making a circuit of the churches under his charge. When his appointments had been met, he returned to his office in . the publishing house, at Basel, and to his regular duties there. He was there unmolested for five days, preaching on the Sabbath, according to his usual custom, and going about the 'lity in the pursuance of his ordinary duties. On the morning of the sixth day a notice was sent him from the police de-partment requiring him to present himself at police headquarters,Šthere being a clause in the order which stated that if voluntary compliance was not rendered, the order would be enforced. To this order Elder Holser replied in these words:Š To the Police Department, Basel: Your order to present myself, October 23, 9 A. in., to begin three weeks' imprisonment, is at hand. In response I can only say that I am engaged in the serv-ice of the Lord and cannot leave his work without his order. This imprisonment is prescribed in conse-quence of my keeping the commandments of God as he has given them in his word; in doing this I have wronged no one, and have done nothing worthy of imprisonment. Were it for having committed an un-just act, I would present myself on an order to do so; but I cannot lay down the work of the Lord at the command of men for the misdemeanor(?) of having kept the ten commandments. Respectfully, HENRY P. HOLSER. During the day the public collector called to collect the fine, but he was told very plainly and simply that a fine for keeping the commandments of God could not be paid. And now comes the answer to the question before written, in the sub-head-ing: " Will Switzerland Imprison Elder Holser ?" Just as I write this closing paragraph, Elder Holser comes to , he door in the charge of two officers, for a parting word and shake of the handbefore he goes behind the bars of the city prison of Basel. No amount of superficial leniency in the way of non-interference while his case went to the Court of Appeals and to the Federal Tribunal, nor any degree of per-sonal consideration shown him in the manner of his arrest, can be pleaded in extenuation. The fact remains which cannot be explained away ;ŠSwitzerland has imprisoned Elder Holser for keeping the commandments of God! Basel, October 23. Ł - - SYCOphanCI. THAT is a sweet little note which Vis-count Halifax, in behalf of the English Church Union, has written to the cardi-nal archbishop of Toledo, benevolently informing him that he, the aforesaid  viscount and the union of which he is president, "desire absolutely to disclaim any complicity " with the consecration of Senor Cabrera as bishop at Madrid by the archbishop of Dublin, and that this action has caused him and them "profound dis-tress." He also wishes to say that he and they " deplore the course of those who have withdrawn themselves from the communion and authority of their lawful pastors." We can imagine the cardinal archbishop quizzically thanking the pres-ident of the church union and suggesting that they return to the communion and authority of the Chief Pastor of Christen-dom.ŠThe Independent. Most Justifiable Sarcasm, A CORRESPONDENT of the Examiner, from Philadelphia, whose facile pen, we think, betrays Dr. Wayland, late editor of the National Baptist, writes as fol-lows about the " Philadelphia Ministerial Union " :Š The atmosphere is orthodox and conservative. After the paper has been read and the eulogies pro-nounced up( n it, Dr. Fernley (Methodist Episcopal), chairman of the standing committee on the Sabbath, makes his wonted report, dilating upon the unutter-able atrocities which are committed upon that long-suffering day, and brings in a resolution requesting the mayor to execute the statute of 1794. This stat-ute, perhaps, some one member of the conference has read; the remainder have a vague idea it has some-thing to do with keeping Sunday. In point of fact, if it were carried out, it would close every cigar shop (of which I should be glad), the sale of Sunday papers (in which I should heartily rejoice); it would also lay its hand upon every Sunday train, passenger or freight, of the Pennsylvania and Reading Railroad, and every other road in the State, and every street car in every town; but the ferocious United and Reformed Presbyterians and kindred bodies do not aim at so large game. They keep their eye out diligently until they see some worthy Seventh-day Baptist or Advent-ist, who has conscientiously and rigidly observed Sat-urday, plowing in his fields of a Sunday morning; and they bring the law to bear upon him with a promptness that almost takes away his breath, and he finds himself lodged in the county jail and fined. Thus they diligently follow the precedent set them in the Holy Scripture ; they strain out the Sunday-plow-ing gnat, while they swallow the Pennsylvania rail-road camel, which goes roaring through every city and hamlet in the State, loaded with Sunday passen-gers and freight and Sunday newspapers. They appoint a committee to wait upon the mayor, and to request him to do all these things. At the next meet-ing, it appears that the committee has not been noti-fied, and has not discharged its duties; and so they begin all over again. Thus the Union has material for an unlimited series of meetings. And not the least part of the joke is that, by the time they get to this stage of the proceedings, a very large proportion of the attendants have dropped away; and the final vote, passed in the name of all the evangelical Chris-tians of Philadelphia, has possibly a dozen hands raised in its favor. The farce whichŁis enacted annually and semi-occasionally, in such reports as that referred to above, when placed alongside of the actual facts, is seen to be doubly farcical. These Sunday law reformers know that they can do nothing with large game. They know, and loudly complain thereof, that the church members with whom they sit at the communion table, patronize Sunday newspapers and ride on Sunday trains, and so on to the end of the chapter. But since something must be done, they talk, and report, and resolve, andŠand then lie in wait for some Sab-bath-keeping farmer, or shoe-string selling Jew, who may be arrested and punished for violating the effete law of 1794, in Pennsylvania, or similar laws in Maryland or Tennessee; and this they call " Sab-bath Reform." Such men may be honest as to purpose, but inconsistency and in-justice can find few better exponents. Why does not this aged "Philadelphia Sabbath Association" set its church mem- 