211vIERICAN SENTIN  AMERICAN SENTINEL: 333 maintained, it follows that the time will inevitably come when earthly governments will cease to be, to give place however to the everlasting kingdom of Christ. When our Lord left this earth he gave to his disciples the great commission of preaching the gospel to every creature, equipping them for that work by endowing them with power from on highŠby giving them the gift of the Holy Spirit. They were to be as he was, and jiist as the Father had sent him into the world, even so sent he themŠarmed with the same mind. But it is evident that some of the professed followers of Christ have sought to improve upon his methods.  The chief thing that Christ kept in view hasŠif not alto-gether ignoredŠbeen made secondary, while they have set about reforming the State, making that their chief business. To accomplish this they have sought to secure legislation compelling the observance of God's law. This the Saviour never did, for the simple reason that he knew that that method ivould not, because it could not, ac-complish the desired result. The great evil, so they think, at which they aim in their work of reform(?) is that of Sunday desecration. This, they say, is a violation of the law of God, suppos-ing Sunday to be the Sabbath. Just what connection Sunday sustains to the Sabbath of the Decalogue has never been shown. Even a cursory glance at the fourth commandment will reveal the fact that Sunday is not the Sabbath, for that reads "the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God," while every body knows that Sun-day is not the seventh day. but the first. As a matter of fact the first day, as such, is not men-tioned in the commandment, and only has a place there by virtue of its being one of the six days in which God made the heavens and the earth, and because of which He says to His creatures, Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work. According to the commandment, therefore, Sunday is only a common working day. Not only does the fourth commandment show that Sunday is not the Sabbath, but the whole Bible will show the same thing. This being so, it will be seen that even though their methods of securing obedience to the law of God were correct, all their efforts must end in complete failure, for they are expended in behalf of the wrong day. This will explain why it is they are seeking human help, instead of relying upon God's power, for Sunday as a Sabbath is only a human institution. But on the other hand, if Sunday were the right day, their methods are wrong. The violation of the Sabbath, like that of all the other commandments, has its source in the heart. Make the heart right, therefore, and there will be no trouble on the score of Sabbath desecration, or any other evil. No human law ever enacted could do more than bring about a pretended observance of the day, while it would be adding another to the victim's long list of sinsŠthe sin of hypocrisy. No human, law ever enacted, 'or that shall ever be en- acted, or all of them put together, can ever make a man know the Lord. And as no man can ever really obey any one of God's commandments without his knowing God it follows that the only way in which this work can be done is to simply do as Jesus didŠpreach the gospel of the grace of God, relying upon the arm of the Infinite One for success. Our Next Issue. OUR issue of May 3 will not be a "special," but it will be of special interest to all our readers. Inasmuch as it is issued near the time when the thoughts of the people are directed to the fruits of war,Šwhen they decorate the graves of those who fell in the late struggle, the SENTINEL will devote considerable space to militarism. Excellent cuts will illustrate the preparations for war. Extra copies can be had at the usual price. MASS meetings were held recently in Pawtucket, Providence and East Providence, in the interests of a more stringent Sunday law in that State, and "strong resolutions" on the subject were passed on each of these occasions. TO OUR. PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamp in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin in sent, register the letter. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromis opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in principle. Published Weekly by Pacific Press PublisInng Go. ORGAN OF THE International Religious liberty Association. Single' Copy, Per Year, Six months, i6 Three "- $1.00. - .50. - ADDRESS, AllERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street. New Yotk..-: 