432 THE SENTINEL OF 1_,I53ETZT'Y. CHICAGO, 1111,Y 12, 1900. 110-Any one receiving The Sentinel of Liberty without having ordered it, may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered The Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. A Seventh-day Adventist woman at Fletts Springs, Saskatchewan, Canada, whose husband was away from home, did about an hour's work on a recent Sunday upon a wheat-field fence, and was a few days thereafter served with a copy of the Provincial Sunday law. The penalty for Sunday work in that province is "a fine not to exceed $Ioo" and costs of prosecution. The question of Sunday enforcement is being widely agitated in the United States at the present time. Two places where this agitation is reported as particularly acute just now, are Hamburg, Ia., and Baltimore, Md. At the latter place about fifty men are under indictment for disregard of the Sunday or-dinance. <.0 For the atrocious insult offered to Germany and the United States by the murder of their representa-tives in China, both these powers have declared that satisfaction will be exacted of the Chinese ; and other governments that have been similarly treated are doubtless of the same mind. But if satisfaction is sought by armed force, what will be the cost of ob-taining it? This nobody seems to know, or indeed can know, and the outlook promises a terrible war if the attempt to coerce China is made. The mutual dis-trust and jealousies of the powers over the prospective prizes they see in Chinese trade and territory, is a further element in the problem that adds much to its uncertainty and perplexity. Who but the great powers of Europe can be really to blame for the terrible situation that exists to-day in China? There can, of course, be no possible justifica-tion for the fiendish work of the "Boxers" ; but what other feeling than one of intense resentment against the foreigners could be excited by the manifest inten-tion of the powers of Europe to appropriate the coun-try and divide it up among themselves with no more  regard to the inhabitantsŠtheir claims, their interests, feelings, and wishes in the matterŠthan as if they were Ł the "cattle upon a thousand hills" ? The powers which have been so coolly proceeding with this selfish program should have known that only an intense hatred of the foreigner by the Chinese could be the result, and that only such deeds as have been reported could be expected from a barbarian people thus aroused to fury. "Big guns," says Li Hung Chang,:.`.`give no title for the possession of a country. The will of the people is that title." This is but putting into other-phrase the truth that- governments derive their "just powers from the consent of the governed." You Want These Maps. The eyes of -all the-world -are-turned today upon China, as the theater where is now being enacted the greatest of world dramas, the end of which no man can foresee. While these thrilling events of world-wide significance are taking place, no one can afford to be in _ignorance of the great changes which they portend, and to properly understand- and follow the events of this world drama as they come, a good map of the territory in which they are transpiring is in-dispensable. Just such a map the Sentinel of Liberty is now prepared to furnish its readersŠin fact, three separate maps, printed on the two sides of a sheet 21 by 28 inches. These maps have been especially pre-pared with reference to this great "eastern question" where Europe and the United States are now acting together, and for this reason is immeasurably superior to the ordinary map. Covering one side of the sheet is a colored map of Asia, showing the area, population and chief cities of the different provinces and districts, and the governing political power, including Japan and the Philippine Islands. On the other side are two colored maps, one of China and Malaysia, show- ing the convergence of Russia, France, Japan and the United States upon the Chinese empire, and an- other giving an enlarged view of northeastern China, which is the seat of the present disturbances. In addi-tion, there is a printed description of China, touch- ing upon its territorial divisions, form of government, people, religion, foreign commerce, etc., and outlining the history of foreign aggression upon the empire, and the origin and nature of the "Boxer" movement. We might say more, but- we have not the space. Certainly you want these maps and you want them now. The cost is nothingŠonly 15 cts. for the three, sent postpaid. Furnished free with new full-price sub-scrietions to the Sentinel. Send in your orders at once. Address Sentinel of Liberty, 324 Dearborn St., Chicago. 