338 AMERICAN SENTINEL. earth, Gog and Magog, to gather them together to bat-tle : the number of whom is as the sand of the sea. "And they went up on the breadth of the earth, and compassed the camp of the saints about, and the beloved city; and fire came down from God out of heaven, and devoured them." In the beginning the majority were destroyed by a flood of water; and in the end they are found overwhelmed in a flood of fire. There should be in this sufficient warning to Chris- tians against building their hopes upon what may be done in this world by the majority. RELIGIONŠthe Christian religionŠis a law. It is "the law of the Spirit of life in Christ Jesus." So the Apostle Paul speaks of it; and he says that by its power he was made "free from the law of sin and death." Rom. 8:2. Being a law itself, it must be obvious that Christian-ity does not need a law to give it support. One law is not made to support another. A law that could not sup-port itself world be useless altogether. Any law that is passed for the support of Christian-ity, therefore, is but a declaration that Christianity is, in itself, a powerless and useless thing. It is a reflection upon God himself. But this "law of the Spirit of life in Christ Jesus" has power to deliver men from the "law of sin and death." This is power vastly superior to any that ever was or can be exercised by any legislature or government on the earth. To be certain of this, it is only necessary that the in-dividual should experience the deliverance of which the apostle writes. Try it, if you have not already, and be convinced. IT may be truthfully said of the present that it is an age of federations and fortifications. There is federation everywhere among men and among the nations; and there are vast armies and na-vies created by the nations in the hope of securing a defense behind which they will be impregnable ,against attack. These represent thegreatest power of which the world knows. In them 'the world is obliged to put its trust. But will they be sufficient for the test of the day that is coming? The world hopes that they will, but it feels no assur-ance. Its statesmen look to the future with forebodings. What is there that will really prove a safe defense when the forces of destruction that have so long been gathering are unloosed? He will be safe in that day who is behind the Lord of hosts. The winds of the final commotion are held by the angels in the "four corners of the'earth" until the final choice of the people in the earth is made. Rev. 7:1-3. There is a choice for every person to make in this matter. There is a choice to be made by you. Will you  choose the means of safety that are being provided by the world? Will you be secure behind the defense of an international alliance, with the resources at its corn_ mand? Will you be secure behind anything less than the shield of Omnipotence? And can you afford to place your-self behind any other defense than this to-day? Washington's Advice. IN view of the favor with which the suggestion of an alliance between England and the United States has been received, and the readiness 'with which it is advocated in influential circles in the United States, it is of real interest to every American to know just what Washington said on that subject. We therefore present in full that part of Washington's famous and solemn address to his coun-trymen:Š "Against the insidious wiles of foreign influence (I conjure you to believe me, fellow-citizens) the jealousy of a free people ought to be constantly awake, since history and experience prove that foreign influence is one of the most baneful foes of republican government. But that jealousy, to be useful, must be impartial, else it becomes the instrument of the very influence to be avoided, in-stead of a defense against it. Excessive partiality for one foreign nation, and excessive dislike for another, cause those whom they actuate to see danger only on one side, and serve to veil, and even second, the arts of influ-ence on the other. Real patriots, who may resist the in-trigues of the favorite, are liable to become suspected and odious, while its tools and dupes usurp the applause and confidence of the people, to surrender their interests. "The great rule of conduct for us, in regard to foreign nations, is, in' extending our commercial relations, to have with them as little political connection as possible. So far as we have already formed engagements, let them be fulfilled with perfect good faith. Here let us stop. "Europe has a set of primary interests, which to us have none or a very remote relation: Hence she must be engaged in frequent controversies, the causes of which are essentially foreign to our concerns. Hence, therefore, it must be unwise in us to implicate ourselves, by artificial ties, in the ordinary vicissitudes of her politics, or the ordinary combinations and collisions of her friendships or enmities. "Our detached and distant situation invites and ena-bles us to pursue a different course. If we remain one people, under an efficient government, the period is notŁ  far off when we may defy material injury from external an-noyance, when we may take such an attitude as will cause the neutrality we may at any time resolve upon to be scrupulously respectedŠwhen belligerent nations, under the impossibility of making acquisitions upon us, will not lightly hazard the giving us provocationŠwhen we may choose peace or war, as our interest, guided by justice, shall counsel. "Why forego the advantages of so peculiar a situa-tion? Why quit our own to stand upon foreign ground? Why, by interweaving our destiny with that of any part of Europe, entangle our peace and prosperity in the toils. of European ambition, rivalship, interest, humor, or caprice? "It is our true policy to steer clear of permanent alli- 