396 A_NDE ELI C A.INT IENT']LNEICam VoL. 10, No. 50. dition of things that will permit the exercise of political power in support of any religious dogma or institution; for such movements wear always an aspect of innocence at the start quite different from that exhibited by the Mor-mon system to-day; and once started, the growth is hard to check. If the spectacle of Mormonism operating as a Church and State system were sufficient to arouse the American people to the danger which threatens froth the formation of a more gigantic system of like nature in our nation, then would Mormonism have served a useful purpose. A REPORT FROM WEST SALEM, ILL. THE Silver Creek Rustler, of Custer County, Col., reports and comments as follows upon a case of Sunday " law" persecution in Illi-nois :Š A merchant at West Salem, Ill., has been convicted in the District Court at Albion, of keeping his store open on Sunday, and fined for the same. He is an earnest and consistent member of the Seventh-day Adventist Church, who closes his business house on Saturday and opens it on Sunday. He is an American citizen who is supposed to have and should have the right to worship God according to the dictates of his own conscience. He should have the same rights as any other citizen of this country, and it is against the Constitution of this Government and against all forms of right and decency that he should suffer for what he believed to be right. Religious oppression is the last of all forms of op-pression that should be backed by the courts, and we do not believe the higher courts of fair Illinois, to which Mr. Rotherick has appealed, will sustain the lower decision for a moment. We are not an Advent, but we believe that Sunday fanatics have as much right to hold up an express car as they have to hold up the religious beliefs of any man who believes in worshiping on Saturday. From all indications, the enlightened and progressive State of Illinois will emulate the example of other States in the matter of reli-gious intolerance. This terrible scourge of Europe in the Dark Ages seems to have be-come epidemic in our land to-day. Ł FREEDOM TOWARD TOWARD GOD. THERE is one thought which alone should deter all men from any interference with their fellows in matters of conscience; it is this: that every man being accountable to God, must be left perfectly free in things pertaining to God. Were God to commission any man or set of men to exercise authority in his name in matters of conscience, he would be bound by the acts of his agents and could not call to account his creatures who had obeyed in good faith his authorized agents. Civil government is an absolute necessity to social moral beings in a state of alienation from God. Without it no man would be secure in the exercise of his rights, and men in their selfishness would destroy one another. To prevent this, and to secure to men the enjoyment of those temporal blessings with which God has surrounded them, the Creator ordained the powers that be for the purpose of guarding the rights of the weak against the aggressions of the strong. That men should be self-governing in af-fairs pertaining to their relations with each other, is necessary in order that they may be left free to develop moral character. If every transgression by man against his fellowman was visited with swift and certain punishment man would not be left free to develop charac-ter; but being terrorized, he would through fear do those things which he ought to do from love. On the other hand, had God not endowed man with the faculty of self-govern- ment, and with a certain sense of justice which leads them to organize themselves into civil governments for mutual protection, no man would be secure in his natural right, because judgment against an evil work being long deferred, the hearts of the sons of men would have been fully set in them to do evil, and the earth would have been filled with violence. But reasoning is not necessary to establish the proposition that men are, and of a right ought to be, free and independent of all human dictation in matters pertaining to God. Every man desires such freedom for himself. This being true, the Golden Rule expresses every man's duty to every other man in the premises: " All things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them." The man who would that some other man should coerce him in matters of religious faith and practice, is the only man who can, with a shadow of consistency, even so much as attempt to coerce any other man. The Golden Rule honestly obeyed, would secure to every man true religious liberty. Ł -* Ł  RELIGION OF CIVIL GOVERNMENT. THE following from the World (New York), of Dec. 2, illustrates the folly of State super-viskin and control of religious office:Š WASHINGTON, Dec. 1.ŠEight men of God wrestled together Saturday for one of the fleshpots of Egypt and prolonged the contest far into the sabbath. The struggle over the chaplaincy of the House between the ministers who hunger for honor and pelf was the only excitement of the Republican caucus. The office is one of great dignity; it is a holy office, but it is also a salaried office at $900 a year. Therefore were dignity and holiness forgot and the scramble made so undig-nified as to excite the ridicule of the members of the House to whose souls the rival preachers sought to minister. The candidates were Revs. 0. A. Brown, W. E. Parsons, W. H. Gottwald, C. B. Ramsdell, W. H. Brooks and J. D. Smith, of this city ; H. D. Fisher, of Kansas, and H. U. Couden, of Michigan. Rev. Fisher and Rev. Couden based their claims on their war records, and one or two of the candidates based theirs on their color and the Republican obligations to the negro race. . . . Parson Couden, who proved successful, had sentiment as an ally, for he is blind, and his eyesight was lost in battle, and moreover he waved the ensign of the G. A. R. Parson Fisher had only one war cry: "I am the fighting parson of Kan-sas, and Jim Lane said in the Senate I saved his brig-ade by my gallantry." With these recommendations for the office of intercessor between offended heaven and a sinning Congress the battle began. Long before the caucus met last night the parsons were at work in the crowds which filled the House lobby and the committee rooms. They flitted in and out of the rooms, and were here, there and every-where, and they buttonholed without mercy. They were the envy of the little politicians who had flocked to the Capitol to witness the election of men from whose hands they hope to receive the crumbs of pat-ronage. The most active of all was Fisher. He jus-tified his title of "the fighting parson of Kansas." He wore a heavy, soiled, and ancient ulster. The nap of his silk hat bore the marks of battle. His thin, brown face was seamed with age and want, but his eye glowed with the light of warfare from under bushy gray eyebrows. To everybody he was introduced with the old tale about Jim Lane's commendation, and as his gallantry was mentioned he would cast a sidelong glance downward and give a deprecatory assent to the recital. He had the advantage of being on the " combine " ticket, but as some of the Kansas men did not support the other combine candidates he knew that the strength of the coalition would not be his. "But we know this," he said, "that we'll either lick or be licked," and then he would make a charge upon another foeman. Another very active parson, who was sleek, white necktied and clerical, soon found that he was not in the fight. He had scrambled with the best until then. When he realized his fate he re-called dignity and holiness and said sadly, "Oh, if I had only known what a disgraceful scramble it was to be I should never have become a candidate." In the caucus the friends of the candidates took up the scramble. It required three ballots to nominate. On the first two " the fighting parson" led. The second  stood 109 for Fisher, 104 for Couden and 6 scattering. One more vote would elect Fisher, and Couden's men were frightened. It was then Sunday morning, but the commandments had no authority in this strife of parsons. The Couden men got up on desks. They howled and shouted. You could hear them cry, "Mr. Chairman!" through the thick, closed doors of the chamber. Through the door windows you could see men waving their hands over their heads to attract attention. The purpose was to force a third roll-call before any one could change to Fisher. They suc-ceeded, and Condon was nominated. Some one asked the fighting and licked parson why he wanted to make such a fight for a petty $900 place. "If you had preached all your life out in Kansas for $700 a year you wouldn't ask," he replied mourn-fully. Such scenes are only what could be expected to result from even a limited alliance between the State and religion. A GOOD EXAMPLE. AT a meeting of the International Health and Temperance Association held Dec. 1, in the Seventh-day Adventist Church on Green-briar Avenue, St. Paul, Minn., the following resolutions re'ative to temperance and Sun-day-closing were passed, which are represen-tative of the views of the Seventh-day Ad-ventists :Š Inasmuch as there never would have been, and never could have been, such an instrument as a statute Sunday law if the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, had not been regarded as a day sacred to worship, an institution of the Church; and, Inasmuch as the logic of the demand for closed saloons on Sunday merely is but to secure the aid of the State in the enforcement of this institution of the Church, and is just so much a union of the Church with the State; therefore, Resolved, That we cannot unite in calling for closed Sunday saloons and legalizing the rum traffic on all other days of the week; because this course will ulti-mately result in a complete union of Church and State. And because the power that can close the saloon one day in the week can do so every day and for all time. And, because this would make us part-ners in the iniquitous traffic and serve only to elevate and make respectable this demon of all traffics, and curse of all curses. And is almost, if not quite, equal to saying that it is a terrible thing for our sons and daughters to frequent such resorts, and drink, and gamble, and carouse and wallow in the gutter on Sun-day; but not so very bad on other days. That it is a terrible thing that our sons and daughters should be debased into demons on Sunday; but not so bad to sell themselves soul and body on other days! And, because this Sunday temperance reform is but to exalt the Sunday as a religious institution, en-forcing it upon the people, to the detriment of the temperance cause, and a compromise with the powers of darkness. Resolved, That we note with sorrow the prevailing condition of lawlessness the world over, in the grow-ing inclination to disregard the equal rights of others in the enjoyment of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. And that we regard the cause of this lawlessness and growing desire to infringe upon the exercise of these equal rights as being the selfishness of the human heart, and that this selfishness is made supreme by intemperance; not only in the use of al-coholic drinks alone, but in all the various stimulants and narcotics which inflame the passions and debase the user; not in intemperance upon Sunday alone, but upon each and every day in the week, the year round. Resolved, That true temperance must be interpreted as a proper use of the various and many blessings of life, and a total disuse of everything hurtful. And so we declare ourselves in favor of the total suppres-sion of the rum and tobacco traffic, not upon Sunday only, but upon every day in the week as well; and that we earnestly recommend the total abstinence from the use of tea and coffee as being injurious to the health, and stepping-stones to the use of tobacco and strong drinks. We know that very many who advocate legal Sunday closing of the saloons, proceed upon the principle that a little is better than noth-ing; but this is of very doubtful application in this method of dealing with intemperance. The wisdom of such a compromise with this evil is more than doubtful. There was a 