"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT: FOR I CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAVE THE WORLD."  Vol. 11, No. 50. NEW YORK, DECEMBER 17, 1896. Price Three Cents.    american Sentinel, Published Weekly in Defense of Religious Liberty. larTer Further Particulars and Terms see Last Page. Entered at the New York Post-office. EDITOR, - A. T. JONES. ASST. EDITOR, L. A. SMITH. THERE have been those who held to a dis-tinction between the nation and the Govern-ment of the United States. They therefore have held that this might be a Christian na-tion without being a Christian Government. And when the United States Supreme Court declared that by "organic utterances," and according to the meaning of the Constitution, "this is a Christian nation," they said that that did not mean anything special as to the recognition of a national religion, -because the court did not say that this is a Christian Government. This distinction is not sound; but for the sake of the case, let us admit the claim just once, and see what will come of it. The Government of the United States is composed of three departmentsŠthe Legislative, the Judicial, and the Executive. It is impossible to deny this. Neither of these alone is the Government. No two of them together are the Government. All three are essential parts, and any one is only a part, of the Gov-ernment. The three togetherŠthis is the Government. Now in 1892 the judicial department of the Government definitely committed itself to the Christian religion as a governmental thing, by declaring that by "organic utterances" and the "meaning" of the Constitution, this is a Christian nation. And at every opportunity that has been offered since, this department of the Government has shown that it adheres to this doctrine. In 1892 likewise the legislative department of the Government committed itself not only to the Christian religion as a governmental thing, but to that particular phase of it that is represented in Sunday observance. In 1893 this branch of the Government, by direct action, confirmed itself in this thing; and nothing has been done since to the contrary, by this department of the Government. In 1892 also the executive department of the Government committed itself to the Chris-tian religion as a governmental thing, by of- ficially approving the action of the legislative department; and nothing has been done since to the contrary by this branch of the govern-ment. In addition to this, in 1896, the ex-ecutive department of the Government, in a thanksgiving proclamation, did commit itself again specifically to the Christian religion as a governmental thing. Now as it is undeniable that these three departments are the Government of the United States; and as it is also undeniable that these three departments have by repeated action committed themselves to the Christian reli-gion as a governmental thing; it is equally undeniable that in the bad sense in which such a term is always used, the Government of the United States has been made and continues to be a "Christian Government." What more could possibly be necessary to accomplish such a thing? Was it essential that all three branches of the Government should by definite action take such a step? All three have done it. Was it essential that all three branches of the Government should by repeated action take such step? All three have by repeated action done it. Then is it not undeniable that the thing has been done? This is not to claim that all has been done that will be done. More, much more, will be done. This is to say, however, that the par-ticular, the essential thing, of the recognition of a governmental national religion, has been done. And when more shall have been done, it matters not what it may be, in this direc-tion, it is impossible for it to be essentially, or in principle, the doing of any new thing. All it can possibly be is the enlarging and deepening of the thing that has been already done. Nor is this to say that the opposition should be any the less earnest to all that may be at-tempted in addition to what has been done. The opposition must never be less, nor less active, than it has been, but more if possible, to anything and everything of the kind, both to what has been done and what may be at-tempted. It is a wicked thing; and opposi-tion to it is both civilly and religiously right. Never let up; and never surrender. OF "trusts and monopolies," President Cleveland, in his late message, said: "Another topic in which our people rightfully take a deep interest may be here briefly considered.  I refer to the existence of trusts and other huge aggregations of capital, the object of which is to secure the monopoly of some par-ticular branch of trade, industry or commerce, and to stifle wholesome competition. "Their tendency is to crush out individual independence and to hinder or prevent the free use of human faculties and the full de-velopment of human character. "Through them the farmer, the artisan, and the small trader is in danger of dislodg-ment from the proud position of being his own master, watchful of all that touches his country's prosperity, in which he has an in-dividual lot, and interested in all that affects the advantages of business of which he is a factor, to be relegated to the level of a mere appurtenance to a great machine, with little free will, with no duty but that of passive obedience, and with little hope' or opportu-nity of rising in the scale of responsible and helpful citizenship. "To the ins active belief that such is the inevitable trend of trusts and monopolies is due the widespread and deep-seated popular aversion in which they are held and the not unreasonable insistence that, whatever may be their incidental economic advantages, their general effect upon personal character, prospects, and usefulness, cannot be otherwise than injurious." That is all true. And though this was written with particular reference to the trusts and monopolies of capital, it is just as true of trusts and monopolies of labor, religion, or anything else, as it is of those of capital. In the dispatches of the same day that the President's message was printed, there was the following:Š ST. Louis, No., Dec. 7, 1896.ŠOne of the greatest Ł labor organizations that the world has ever seen has just had its inception in this city. It is a universal building trades union, and includes the labor of every artisan from the digging of the foundation to the last touches upon a building. There met here yesterday representatives of build-ing trades from many cities at the call of the local building trades council. H.W. Stainbiss, secretary of the St. Louis Building Trades Council, is author-ity for the statement that 2,500,000 persons are in-terested in the movement. It is not proposed to antagonize the employers of skilled labor, but to show them the benefits of co-operation with the laborers who create wealth. This latter organization comes within the President's description of trusts, as certainly as does any organization of-capital. For as- 