60 'AMERICAN SENTINEL. Protestants make so much, has proven a snare, and a delusion to them. Unitarianism is its natural result. In making freedom of belief the foundation of the church, the Protestants have built upon sand. -To talk of union among Protestants is mere idle prating. What have they to unite them? Do they not advocateindependence of judgment? Is it not a case of there being no standard to which all will alike bow? This cry for union shows that they are ill at ease, and well they may be. What elements of union are there in the whole system? We are united because our church is founded upon the teachings of Christ transmitted by St. Peter. Oar church distinguishes between truth and error and we all obey her. But it is the very essence of Protestantism to split up into a hundred sects. There are Protestant sects that have nothing to hold them together, except the name they bear, which is no more useful for the purpose than a sign board." The "standard" is the authority of the Catholic Church; and in return to it, we are told, lies the only hope of union. This conflict is none other than "the last great conflict between truth and error:" and this "the final struggle of the long-standing controversy concerning the law of God; a battle between the religion of the Bible and the religion of fable and traditions." Tokio, Japan. B. 0. WADE. False Pretenses. The "Truth Seeker." THE corresponding secretary of the Philadelphia Sabbath Association, T. T. Mutchler, has an article in the Times, of that city, defending the Sunday law of 1794, which the association is endeavoring to enforce. The law prohibits all sorts of business and pleasure during church hours. Its scope may be judged from Mr. Mutchler's account of what it is designed to accomplish. He says:Š "The object of the law is the protection of all citi-zens from infringement of their sacred rights. The la-borer shall not be compelled by his employer to work on that day; the business man shall not be compelled to remain -at work by his lawless competitor; our chil-dren shall not be subjected to temptation by the open candy shop on Sundays; nor should drug clerks be com-pelled to sell merchandize on that day, but only required to sell medicine during certain hours; church services shall not be disturbed by the passage of milk wagons or other vehicles for business purposts. The law affords protection to all, in remembering the Sabbath day, in accordance with the original appointment of our great Creator." The last sentence is a plain misstatement of fact. The day originally appointed by the Creator was not Sunday, but Saturday, therefore this law has nothing to do with the Sabbath. The last sentence of the par-agraph also contains a falsehood. The law is designed not for the protection of rights, but for their violation. The laborer, he says, "shall not be compelled by his em-ployer to work on that day." No; and he never was . . . but under the law the laborer is deprived of the right to earn wages on Sunday, and is compelled to loaf. "The business man shall not be compelled to remain at work by his lawless competitor." No; and he never war; but the Sunday law compels him to close when he would be open if he lived in a free country. And so it is all the way through. Children will not be tempted to spend their money for candy, but they will be coerced into giving it to the church; drug clerks will not be compelled to sell medicine, nor were they ever; but they will be fined if they do, and sick people may die for want of medicines on Sunday because God set apart Satur-day and hallowed it! We get at the nub of the matter when it is said that with the law in force "church services shall not be dis-turbed by the passage of milk wagons or other vehicles for business purposes." At the National Reform Con-vention in this city last month one of the speakers mentioned the time when chains were stretched across the streets of the city during meeting hours, so that the way was closed to vehicles, and he recommended a return to the custom. He deemed it "Christian liberty" that when one man desired to make himself heard in an address to the air, a hundred other men should be compelled by law to suspend their affairs until he had talked himself out. The plan is to treat all as criminals on Sunday and shut them up. It would be as beneficent as relieving a man from the necessity of working for his living by putting him in jail, only it makes no provision for feeding him during his compulsory idleness. Church-and-State Union Inseparable from Popery. THE Osservatore Romano, the official organ of the Vatican, published recently the following propositions under the heading, "The Civil Authority of the Pope." They define the authority claimed by him, and state the grounds upon which, in the Catholic view, it is estab-lished. Notice how the union of church and state fol-lows naturally the proposition that the Christian Church has a visible earthly head. Accepting that proposition. as true, no logical defense can beinterposed against the invasion and subversion of human rights by a union of church and state. And conversely, a union of church and state demands the creation of a pope. The two are inseparably united. The propositions are as follows:= "1. The church is a completed organization estab-lished as such by God upon earth, the invisible head of which is Christ, the visible head of which is the pope in Rome. [A hydra-headed church]. "2. The church is a religious organization with the purpose of serving mankind in securing eternal salva-tion. 