AMERICAN SENTINEL. 45 never read the fourth commandment; but anyone who knows how that commandment reads knows that it bases Sabbath observance upon the example of God during Creation week. Would it not be better to learn the prom-inent and important truths relating to Sabbath observ-anceas set forth by Inspiration, than to overlook them: in the interests of a "great discovery " ? IN view of the loud demand that the Turkish Govern ment shall be wiped off the earth, the following dispatch to the New York Herald tells an interesting story:Š " CONSTANTINOPLE, Jan. 10, 1897.ŠOfficial advices received here from Jerusalem show that there has been further trouble among the worshipers at the Church of the Holy Sepulchre. It appears that the Roman Catho-lics were opposed to members of the Orthodox Greek Church entering the church by a certain door on the eve of January 6, the day observed by the Orthodox Church as Christmas. " The latter insisted upon their right to enter, and the result was that the two factions became involved in a serious fight, which did not end until the Turkish au-thorities intervened to restore order. Some of the com-batants were badly injured, but it is not known whether anybody was killed." Is it not rather a happy circumstance that the Turk-ish power does exist in order that these devout "worship-ers " may be kept from tearing one another to pieces in " orthodox style" at "the Church of the Holy Sepul-chre"? 1,- -0- -4 Sunday Observance Against Sabbath Observance. Rabbi M. Stanfield, Editor Jewuh Spectator. MOTTO : "Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty." The evolution of the present Sunday law from the ecclesiastical institutions of the past has been amply proven, nor is there any doubt that the sole motive of its introduction into American State legislation was sec-tarian in its nature, and has as its object the rigid reli-gious observance of the Christian Sunday, as taught in the Protestant Church. It was not intended to be enacted as a civil institu-tion, for the mere purpose of providing the laboring classes with a period of rest, recreation and amusement; the very letter of the law testifies against such hypoth-esis. On the contrary, any recreation and amusement : which was not sanctioned by the Church law, the State law would not permit on the Sunday. For example, the principal prohibitions of the State of Massachusetts are at present:Š " Being present at any dancing, public diversion, show or entertainment, or being present at or taking part in any sport, game or play; fine not exceeding fifty dollars. "Keepers of places of public entertainment or refresh-ment not to entertain persons or suffer them to remain in the place drinking, or spending their time idly or at play, or in doing any secular business ; fine at first con- viction not exceeding fifty dollars ; at second conviction, not exceeding one hundred dollars. " Travelling, except from necessity or charity; going visiting beyond the town limits and using horse cars within town limits is illegal travelling under this stat-ute." And the Sunday law of the State of Tennessee, al-though not quite as blue as that of her New England sister, has enough of a bluish tint to demonstrate that it is begotten by the spirit of sectarian influence, and not by the science of political economyŠ" Any person who shall hunt, fish or play at any game of sport, shall be subject to a fine, etc." (Section 1824, Code of Ten-nessee.) These few quotations, to which we could add many more, furnish irrefutable testimony that the State is more anxious to maintain and enforce the religious ob-servance of the first day of the week, in accordance with theological interpretation, than to defend a principle of political economy, and to give the laboring classes an opportunity to recuperate their minds and bodies by the exhilirating influence of social pleasure and amusement. The Puritan spirit has left such indelible sectarian traces in the construction and application of Sunday laws that every unbiased mind can decide at once that all efforts to construe it as a purely civil law must prove a failure. So oppressive are these regulations in certain States to the working classes, that a majority of them prefer the labors of Monday to the gloom of Sunday. THE STRICTLY PHYSICAL ASPECTS. Had the State Legislature considered only the physi-cal aspects of a day of rest it would have enacted only such laws as are prohibitions of hard labor and fatiguing work. And instead of proscribing places of amusement and entertainment, it would have encouraged their use in a legitimate manner. It would have permitted all acts and deeds on Sunday which do not carry with them an undue waste of the physical forces and nervous energies of man, and which do not inflict direct injuries upon the life and property of other men. Aye, the State could have done even more than that, provided the question of a day of rest had been consid-ered Upon the general grounds of necessity, and been based upon the science of political economy. Instead of consulting the traditions of the synagogue and church, the scientific men of our age should have been asked how much physical rest is necessary for man under the pres-ent conditions of society, with the amount of labor that is allotted to him  now in the presence of the helpful me-chanical inventions of the age. Perhaps the conclusion would be reached that labor having increased and causing a larger waste of nerve and muscle, one day in five should be given as a day of rest to the laborer and mechanic; or, perhaps, the researches of competent political economists would prove, upon statistical evidence, that since the introduction of steam and electrical power human force is not taxed' half as much in agricultural work and mechanical labor, and 