AMERICAN SENTINEL. "The Constitution of the United States has provided that the powers of government (and the constitution of each State has the same provision) shall be divided into three departmentsŠExecutive, Legislative, and Judicial. The right and the province of expounding the Constitu-tion and construing the law are vested in the judiciary established by the Constitution. "As a lawyer, I feel at liberty to appear before the court and controvert any principle of law while the ques-tion is pending before the tribunal; but when the decision is made, my private opinion, your opinion, all other opinions, must yield to the majesty of that authoritative adjudication. I wish you to bear in n'iind that this involves a great principle, upon which our rights, our liberty, and our property all depend. What security have you for your property, for your, reputation, and for your personal rights, if the courts are not upheld, and their decisions respected when once fairly rendered by the highest tri-bunal known to the Constitution? "I do not choose, therefore, to go into any argument with Mr. Lincoln in reviewing the various decisions which the Supreme Court has made, either upon the Dred Scott case or any other. I have no idea of appealing from the decision of the Supreme Court upon a constitutional question to the decisions of a tumultuous town meeting. "I am aware that once an eminent lawyer of this city, now no more, said that the State of Illinois had the most perfect judicial system in the world, subject to but one exception, which could be cured by a slight amend-ment, and that amendment was to so change the law as to allow an appeal from the decisions of the Supreme Court of Illinois, on all constitutional questions, to jus-tices of he peace. "My friend, Mr. Lincoln, who sits behind me, reminds me that that proposition was made when I was judge of the Supreme Court. Be that as it may, I do not think that fact adds any greater weight or authority to the suggestion. It matters not with me who was on the bench, whether Mr. Lincoln or myself, whether a Lock-wood or a Smith, a Taney or a Marshall; the decision of the highest tribunal known to the Constitution of the country must be final till it is reversed by an equally high authority. " Hence, I am opposed to this doctrine of Mr. Lincoln by which he proposes to take an appeal from the decision of the Supreme Court of the United States,,  uponthis high constitutional question, to a Republican caucus sitting in the country. Yes, or any other caucus or town meet- ing, whether it be Republican, American, or Democratic. I respect the decisions of that august tribunal. I shall always bow in deference to them. I am a law-abiding man.' The next night, July 10,1858, Lincoln spoke in reply, and upon this point said:Š " Another of the. issues he says that is to be made with me is upon his devotion to the Dred Scott decision, and my opposition to it. "I have expressed heretofore, and I now repeat my opposition to the Dred Scott decision; but I should be allowed to state the nature of that opposition, and I ask your indulgence while I do so. " What is fairly implied by the term Judge Douglas  has used, `resistance to the decision'? I do not resist it. If I wanted to, take Dred Scott from his master, I would be interfering with property, and that terrible difficulty that Judge Douglas speaks of, of interfering with prop-. erty, would arise. But I am doing no such thing as that; but all that I am doing is refusing to obey it as a politi-cal rule. If I were in Congress, and a vote should come up obi a question whether slavery should be prohibited in a new territory, in spite of the Dred Scott decision I would vote that it should. " That is what I should do. Judge Douglas said last night that before the decision he might advance his opin-ion, and it might be contrary to the decision when it waa made, but after it was made, he would abide by it until it was reversed. Just so I We let this property abide by the decision, but WE WILL TRY TO REVERSE THAT DECISION. We will try to put it where Judge Douglas would not ob-ject, for he says he will obey it until it is reversed. SOME-BODY HAS TO REVERSE THAT DECISION, since it was made, and WE MEAN TO;REVERSE IT, and we mean to do it peace-ably. "What are the uses of decisions of courts ?ŠThey have two uses. As rules of property they have two uses. First, they decide upon the question before the court, They decide in this case that Dred Scott is a slave; no-body resists that. Not only that, but they say to every-. body else that persons standing just as Dred Scott stands, are as he is. That is, they say that when a question comes up upon another person, it will be so, decided again, unless the court decides in another way, unless the-court overrules its decision. Well, we mean to do what.  -we can to have the court decide the other way. This is one thing we mean to try to do. "The sacredness that Judge Douglas throws around this decision is a degree of sacredness that has never been before thrown around any other decision. I have never heard of such a thing. Why, decisions apparently con-trary to that decision, or that good lawyers thought were contrary to that decision, have been made by that very court before. It is the first of its kind; it is an astonisher in legal history; it is a new wonder of the-world. " It is based upon falsehood in the main as to facts ; allegations of facts upon which it stands are not facts at all in many instances, and no decision made on any questionŠthe first instance of a decision made under so. many unfavorable circumstancesŠthus placed, has ever-been held by the profession as law, and it has always needed confirmation before the lawyers regarded it as. settled law. "But Judge Douglas will have it that all hands must take this extraordinary decision, made under theseextra- ordinary circumstances, and give their vote in Congress in accordance with it, yield to it, and obey it in every possible sense." DOUGLAS AT BLOOMINGTON. Again : In a speech at Bloomington, Illinois, July16, 1858, Senator Douglas said:Š "I therefore take issue with Mr. Lincoln directly in regard to this warfare upon the Supreme Court of the United States. I accept the decision of that court as it was pronounced. Whatever my individual opinions may 