86 THE AMEIRACAN SENTI1Ł1_:L. tated and controlled by the Pope at Rome ? that you must permit your children to be educated by that church? Is it not enough to have flung at you, as Father Schaner, repre-senting the Roman Catholic Church, flings,Š" The public schools have produced nothing but a godless generation of thieves and black-guards,"Šwithout their further taking their children from them and educating them in the belief that not alone were you raising genera: tions of thieves and blackguards when alive, but that when dead you have gone to hades, never to be seen by them more? Our dictionaries, our encyclopedias, our histories, give definitions of inquisitions and indulgencies, but all those dictionaries, ency-clopedias, and histories must be laid aside for those made by Roman Catholics, and the process has already commenced in Boston, and the teacher who dares to give the gener-ally-acknowledged definition of these two words, those given in dictionaries, the state-ments of encyclopedias, and the recitals of history, is removed. And so it is that the glorious day that the Catholic Telegram talks about, when our public-school system shall be shivered to pieces, is approaching. You have heard a good deal of talk about the Travis case in Boston, where a teacher was removed from his school at the request of the Roman Catholics, for teaching the history as it was given to him; and yet this is not the only instance of Roman rule in Boston. A teacher there who had been marking some Roman Catholic children for coming late to school, was warned by the Catholic priest that he would make trouble for her if she continued to do that, which meant a dismis- sal, and she knew it and ceased. _ The fact is the Catholics feel justified in in-sulting our public schools in any way they can; by every act they say, as the Freeman's Journal says: "Let the public-school system go to where it came fromŠthe devil." All this they mean, and more too; they have played their cards shrewdly; they have seen to it to get a sufficient number of Catho-lics on the school board, and in no instance where they had the power has a Protestant teacher been put in the public schools -when a Catholic teacher could be obtained. And all this is allowed to be done for fear of losing the Irish vote; and so it is that, while they are but a small minority, they are actually ruling the majority. We defy contradiction when we state that there is no country under the sun but what more freedom and tolerance is permitted than in this boasted land of freedom and liberty. You have more freedom of expression, and less danger in criticising the Roman Catholic Church, under the shadow of the Vatican in Rome than you have under the shadow of the old State House or Faneuil Hall in' Boston. The teachers and scholars of the schools in Ireland are in less danger of insult and obloquy from the I:ish people under English reign than the teachers and scholars here in America under alleged Amer-ican reign. What a burlesque it is to talk  about freedom and home rule for Ireland when our school-teachers dare not utter a word that may be construed as reflecting upon the Roman Catholic Church here in al-leged free America!ŠPeabody (Mass.) Reporter. The Woman's Christian Temperance Union Defended. MR. JOHNSTON has sent us another com-munication in reply to our article in the September SENTINEL on the Woman's Chris-tian Temperance Union ; and here it is :Š EDITORS AMERICAN SENTINEL: The next charges you bring against the Woman's Christian Temperance Union are, first, that it "proposes to establish a theocracy in this country," and to this end demands the ballot for women. Second, that it is the closest ally and the most powerful support of the National Reform Association. What you say under the first charge I con-fess I am not sure that I understand. If I do, the burden of your objection lies against "putting the ballot into the hands of women." But how this would "establish a theocracy" I cannot see. A theocracy is a Government immediately directed by God. A true theoc-racy in the United States now would be a pure . republic in which the peopleŠnot the men only, but both men and womenŠwould choose all the officers, and in which the will of God would be supreme, higher than the will of the people, and higher by the consent and will of the people. And I cannot see how any Christian man or woman can object to such a theocracy. I wish our Government was such now. As to woman suffrage I may say that I am not aware the Woman's Christian Temper-ance Union has ever given any deliverance. No doubt many of the members favor it and have so said; and probably some local Un-ions may have so voted. I do not know. Good women as well as good men all over the country favor it; multitudes of both op-pose it. Your charge against the Woman's Christian Temperance Union is founded only on what somebody in 1886 wrote for some., monthly reading. It seems to me, therefore, that it is "far-fetched." But the big end of your assault upon the Woman's Christian Temperance Union is its affiliation with the National Reform Associa-tion. And in your amplification of the charges against said Association, you make various propositions that I think are without foundation. I am not a member of the Asso-ciation (I like my church better), but I in-dorse its principles and am familiar with its history and work, and I most unhesitatŠingly deny the statements you make. The Association does not " propose to turn this Government into a theocracy," except in the sense defined above. The Association does not "declare that dissenters from National Reform opinions cannot dwell together on the same continent with National Reformed Christianity." The Association never did de-clare that "there is nothing out of hell that should be tolerated as soon as these." You do not like Senator Blair's proposed constitutional amendment. Will you be so kind as to publish it in the SENTINEL, so that your readers may judge of it for themselves, for I think your greatest objection must be that it is worded on the presumption that the first day of the week is the Christian Sabbath. Finally, you charge the National Reform Association with being an ally of the Papacy. Amon9; other things of the same kind and very doubtful you say that "the Association argues that the Catholic Bible and Catholic  instruction shall be established in the public schools wherever Roman Catholics are in the majority." This, like your other statements, must be positively denied. The Association never -said anything of the kind. Secretary Stevenson, I think, at some public meeting at Saratoga a year ago, said something about permitting the Catholics to read the Donay Bible in their schools rather than: have no Bible-reading at all; but I never heard that other National Reformers agreed with him. And sure I am that the Association never said a word. in approval of what he had said at Saratoga: This, your charge against the Asso-ciation, is therefore not only " far-fetched." but unfair In reference to what you say about National Reformers pledging themselves to join hands with the Roman Catholics to secure and en-force the National Sunday Law, I am not so well informed and cannot deny so positively. Perhaps some of them have been guilty of it. But even if they have been it is unfair to charge it against the Association or against other members of it. N. R. JOHNSTON. 1. Mr. Johnston says we " charge " that the Woman's Christian Temperance Union pro-poses to establish a theocracy in this country, and then defends the Union by declaring such a theocracy a good thing, and by saying he cannot see how any Christian man or woman can object to it. In other words, he defends the Union against the charge, by confessing that the charge is valid. A theocracy is a Government immediately directed by God; and it must be established immediately by God. But these people nowadays do not in-tend that this proposed theocracy shall be either established or directed immediately by God. They intend to establish it by popular vote, and to have it directed by human ad-ministration as now. Then, such a Govern-ment being, as they claim, a Government of God, whoever shall sit at the head of the Gov-ernment will sit there in the place of God, and as the representative of God and the ex-ecutor of his will. And that is all that the Papacy has ever claimed to be. Under the theory of the National Reform-Woman's Christian Temperance Union the claims of the Pope are neither presumptuous nor ex-travagant. And if the Woman's Christian Temperance Union theory shall ever be formed into Government here, there will be here but the Papacy over again. 2. He says .our charge "against the Wom-an's Christian Temperance Union is founded only on what somebody in 1886 wrote for some monthly reading: It seems to me, there-fore, that it is far-fetched." Yes, our charge is founded only on what ;; somebody" wrote, etc. Exactly who wrote it we do not know, but we do know that Miss Frances E. Willard edited it; and we count her somebody, at least so far as the Woman's Christian Temperance Union ie concerned. She edited it and pub-lished it in her official capacity as president of the National Woman's Christian Temper-ance Union; and it was sent abroad to the local Unions as an official document, and it was received and read in the local Unions as such. Mr. Johnston or anybody else can find the whole reading with these particulars in the Christian Statesman of September 30, 1886. 