200  Vol. 8. No. 25.  NEW YORK, JUNE 22, 1893. N. B. CAPPS, a Seventh-day Adventist, of Carroll County, Tenn., has been ar-rested for exercising his God-given right to work on Sunday. Carroll should learn wisdom from the experience of Henry County and let religious persecution alone. WHATEVER may be the opinion enter-tained as to the propriety of Sunday laws, it will be readily admitted by all that were it not for the fact that the day is by many regarded as sacred, there would be no laws for its observance. Sunday laws are, therefore, a religious dogma crystal-lized into civil statutes. HAVE you seen the cartoon on the second page of this paper from the Mail and Express, the great self-elected cham-pion of all Sunday legislation? It is a confession that in passing the act closing the Columbian Exposition on Sunday the United States assumed to say to people that they ought to go to church. And yet we are told that Sunday laws are not religious legislation, and do not tend to unite Church and State ! IT is stated that the persecution of the Jews has extended to the Russian province of Poland. Five hundred families have been expelled from the Ronda-Gonzowski district alone. All the heads of families thus expelled were engaged in trade and possessed more or less real estate, which they were forced to abandon. But what right have Americans to find fault with the Czar ? He is simply trying to unify and strengthen his empire, and in this country religious laws are defended upon even less substantial grounds. THERE is some comfort in the fact that to assume that a thing is so does not prove it true. In all the pleas for Sunday closing of the World's Fair, it is assumed that Sunday is the Sabbath, and that to keep the gates open on that day is sin. The assumption does not prove it to be so. The Sabbath is a divine institution, and rests upon divine authority. It is depend-ent upon revelation for its very existence. Without divine revelation there would be no Sabbath, as is proved by the fact that peoples wholly destitute of revelation are entirely without the Sabbath. They know nothing of any such institution, and have nothing answering to it. But the Bible says nothing of Sunday as a sacred day. How then can it be sin to do anything upon that day that it is proper to do upon any other of " the six working days" referred to in Ezekiel 46 : 1? It cannot be. Then let it never be forgotten that nothing is sin simply because it is done on Sunday.  But even if doing work or transacting business on Sunday was sin, it would not be proper for the State to prohibit it. The .State cannot judge sin; it cannot punish sin; it cannot even know sin. The State forbids and punishes crime, but crime is not always sin. The Christian martyrs were condemned criminals; but they were none the less saints of God. THE opinion seems to be quite general in this country that the majority has the right to do anything that it wishes. " The majority must rule," is an expression often heard. And majority rule within certain well-defined limits is right; but in this country the rule of the majority is limited, or is supposed to be, by written instru-ments known as " constitutions." Be-yond these constitutions even the majority has no right to go. Moreover back of constitutional guarantees is ,the eternal foundation of inalienable human rightsŠrights which no government whether of one or of many has any right to invade. SEVERAL years ago Cardinal Gibbons expressed himself in a letter to Mr. Crafts as being in favor of a national Sunday law. Ever since that the whole member-ship of the Papal Church in the United States have been counted as petitioners in favor of the various Sunday bills that have been before Congress. " All the Christian people of the country," to the number of forty millions, including Cath-olics, were, it was boldly claimed, in favor of closing the World's Fair on Sunday; and this all on the strength of Cardinal Gibbons' letter to Mr. Crafts. But now the cardinal has come out squarely for an open Sunday Fair; which, according to the Crafty methods, hitherto persued by the Sunday closers, would take seven and a half millions in round numbers, from the estimated forty millions in favor of closing, and transfer them to the twenty-five millions on the other side, thus divid-the population of the United States about equally on this question. It is thus that stuffed and fraudulent petitions melt away. THE Independent of Santa Barbara, Cal., expresses this opinion:Š The World's Fair will do some good in this coun-try anyway. It will go a long way toward free-ing the people from the Sunday law bondage in which they have always been. While the people have been gradually escaping, ever since the days of the Connecticut Blue Laws this is by long odds the longest step ever taken. It is an emancipation proclamation as it were. Even a quarter of a cen-tury ago no member of a public body like the World's Fair Commission would have dared to make such a proposition. The effect will be just the opposite to that which the Independent anticipates. " Revolutions never go backward," and a great religio-political revolution is in pro-gress in our land to-day. Whether the Fair is opened or closed on Sunday, a purely religious question has found its way into politics, has been discussed and voted upon by Congress, and argued before courts and been passed upon by  judges. It can never again be relegated to the precincts of ecclesiastical councils. " The domain that government invades it dominates ; the jurisdiction it takes it keeps." EVIDENTLY Dr. T. S. Hamlin, pastor of the Church of the Covenant, Washington, D. C., recently on a visit to this city, where he was interviewed by a reporter of the Mail and Express, has not been prop-erly coached on the Sunday-closing ques-tion. The doctor said, as reported by the paper referred to :Š It is my firm and sincere belief that a majority of the people of this country are in favor of closing the World's Fair gates on Sunday on purely reli-gious grounds. The doctor is a minister and ought to know why the churches demand Sunday-closing. He says it is for religious rea-sons; but Justice Jenkins said in his opin-ion in the Chicago injunction case, that " the legislation with respect to the ob-servance of Sunday has nothing to do with religion." Very strange question this ! Most peculiar day ! THE latest arrest of an Adventist in Tennessee for Sunday work was made upon this wise : The accused Adventist had been absent from the county for some time selling denominational literature in Mem-phis, hence was not arrested when several of his brethren were taken into custody some months ago. Recently he returned to Henry County, and the fact being re-ported to the sheriff, that official, instead of calling a posse to apprehend the dan-gerous(?) criminal, gave the warrant one day to another Adventist who happened to be at the county seat, with the request that he serve it on the returned Sunday-breaker, and request his presence at court. The fact that the officers of the law deal with these men in this way is an unim-peachable testimony to their inoffensive character. IT is stated that Circuit Judge Swiggart of Tennessee has refused to give Inquisi-tor-General Lewis the authority required by the statute in order that he may pro-ceed against the Adventists, and that if anybody wants theni prosecuted he must come out squarely and act as prosecuting witness. This for the present puts a stop to star-chamber proceedings against the Adventists in Judge Swiggart's circuit. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Bet for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per year, - - 90c 25 to 99 " " " " 100 to 249 " 64 4C 66 250 to 499 " 16 500 to 999 " 14 " 1090 or more tt 6t To foreign countries in Postal Union, Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York City. - - - 80c - - 75c - - - 70c - - 65c - - - 60c 5 shillings 