AMERICAN SENTINEL. 57 Ix France, a very highly civilized country, there is great excitement over the question of whether an alleged traitor, who has for some years been suffering a punish-ment worse than was ever inflicted on Siberian convicts, and is sentenced to continue the same for life, is really guilty of the crime charged against him. What the evi-dence is upon which he was convicted, no one knows except a few government officials who made his trial the secret matter that it was. Not even the unhappy victim nor his counsel were allowed to see upon what evidence he was convicted and sentenced to a punishment that is almost without a parallel in modern times. And the affair having been conducted in this unjust way, it seems now to be thought by those responsible for it that the important thing is not that a possible wrong should be righted, but that the "glory" and "honor" of France should be maintained, if need be by the covering up of a terrible injustice to one unhappy individual and those whom his misfortune has involved. And upon the theory that the state is everything and the individual is nothing, this might be the most expedient course to pursue. But that theory is wrong, and nothing but evil, both for the individual and the state, can ever come out of it. I.- -0- -4 Fifty Dollars Fine for Painting His House on Sunday. New York "World," January 20. BOSTON, MASS., Jan. 19.ŠH. L. Atkins, of Chelsea, has been fined $50 for painting his house on Sunday. Atkins says he did n't paint; his wife says so, too, but the court have decided otherwise, and the Blue Laws are triumphant. The house of the AtkinsesŠvery respectable people of ChelseaŠis new. Last fall they say they were unable to lower a window of Mrs. Atkins's chamber one Saturday night, and on Sunday Mr. Atkins got an oil can and a brush and proceeded to oil the window. This is the story the Atkinses tell. A neighbor who saw Mr. Atkins at work was horrified at the desecration of the Sabbath. Mr. Atkins said the work was one of necessity, but a com-plaint was lodged with the police. The police were horri-fied and they dragged poor Atkins to court. The court was horrified and Atkins was fined. An appeal was taken in vain. The fine was enforced. lŁ Ł 44 JITDGE'  PENNYPACKER, of the Common Pleas Court, of Philadelphia, has refused to grant a charter to the "First Church of Christian Scientists," of that city, on the ground that the incorporation of a church that has "faith cure" as one of its tenets is contrary to the stat-utes of Pennsylvania. ŁI.- -0- -4 -4 THE good people who believe so strongly in the value of a weekly rest, should be willing to give some rest to  the congressmen and other legislators whom they are besieging with their bills and petitions. . Ł Ł  Religious Persecution in Russia. A HORRIBLE feature of state religion, even as prac-ticed in a professedly civilized country, in the year 1898, comes to light in some statements made recently by the St. Petersburg correspondent of the London Daily Mail, concerning methods pursued by the Russian government for securing conversions to the state church. He says:Š "The authorities in the government of Samara, Rus-sia, have recently been actively engaged in the criminal pursuit of kidnapping children.. In the Busulykski dis-trict all parents known to belong to heterodox sects have had their children taken from them. The police usually make their visits in the middle of the night, take the children out of bed, and carry them off in the cold night air, in spite of the frantic entreaties of the pa-rents. Many peasants have lost their whole family in this way. "This practice of kidnapping children is increasing in all parts of Russia. It is, of course, a gross abuse of offi-cial power, and an illegal attack on the religious freedom established by statute in Russia." And this is supplemented by the following statement made by a Russian exile to the London Daily Chron-icle:Š "The sect on which this new form of persecution has fallen most terribly is the Molokan, or Sabbatarians, so called because they keep the Sabbath on Saturday in-stead of Sunday. Like all the Puritan sects, they are a very peaceful and industrious people, going their own way in the fear of God. But they do not observe the fasts, nor attach any particular sanctity to priests, and they allow anyone who knows the Bible well to preach to them. That is all; and now their children are torn from their homes." We say this is a feature of state religion; for while it may be said that this is the way they do things over in Russia, and that no such thing would be tolerated in other civilized lands, it is in fact the logical outgrowth of the theory that the majority ought to rule in religion. That is the theory upon which state religion rests; and it is adhered to by vast numbers of the religious people ih these United States. If it be a sound one, the Russian government is justified in its course, as being the only one which in its view will secure to the children that reli-gious training which the majority regard as essential to their own welfare and the preservation of the govern-ment. It is all logical enough, when once the theory is admitted that the state ought to govern in religious, as in civil, affairs. "But such a thing could never be done in this coun-try." So you say; but "logic" has a way of leading people to terrible lengths when it once gets them off the track of right principle. The only safety is in knowing what right principles of government are, and sticking to them. 