AtYGUsT 11, 1893. A.MTIMEtICAN KINT`ININ-1HilLe 261 like their Philippian predecessors, are standing for their time honored customs and religion, not daring to confess their real motives, but pretending to something high and honorable, and at their behest, magistrates, in the imitation of the Phil-ippian persecutors, are now arresting Christian men and women and magnani-mously laying heavy fines upon them, casting them into prison and confiscating their goods. They seem to think that it is enough to have the law and the magis-trate, the jail and the chain-gang on their side, but like the Philippians, they are leaving the Almighty out of their account and are bound to be disappointed; for, in the closing words of the paragraph from which we last quoted. " God will rise up some day to avenge his name and honor institutions. Let us be confident of that. We do not know how long he may wait for men to repent and turn from their sins but he will come for the overthrow of wickedness and the vindication of right-eousness by and by." S. B. WHITNEY. The Lessons of Sunday Closing. Now that the Sunday closing question has been definitely settledŠif, indeed, it is settled yetŠall parties to the contro-versy ought to be satisfied. The advo-cates of Sunday opening of the World's Fair have secured a legal recognition of their contention that the local directory could rightfully open the Exposition seven days in the week if it chose. At the same time, it has chosen to take such action as appears to be a compliance with the de-mands of the Sunday closers. Both sides should be satisfied then, the latter because Sunday closing is an accomplished fact;* the former because though their principle is conceded, their Sunday patronage of the Fair was not sufficiently large to war-rant the incurred expense. It is a good time now to review the situation and discover its lessons. A few questions are appropriate. Is the Sunday closing of the Fair " a great moral victory," as its advocates claim ? It would hardly seem so in face of the fact that no moral reasons are officially assigned for the determination to close. The fact is that it was purely a matter of financial policy that the Fair was closed; Sunday opening did not pay either the stockholders or the patrons who were charged full price for the privilege of seeing half the exhibits closed or covered by their owners. For Sunday closing to be proved " a great moral victory," it must be shown that Sunday opening was immoral, a thesis that is by no means conceded in Sunday closing. Is it an immoral thing to view the wonders and achievements in the art, science, and mechanics of any and all nations on Thursday ? Then why on Sunday ? If it be replied, because Sun-day is a day sanctified by religious senti-ment and worship, the question is imme-diately shifted from the field of morals to religion ;j and at this point we are dis-cussing only the morality or immorality of an open Fair. Granted that civil gov- * Since this was written the Chicago kaleidoscope has taken another turn and at the moment of writing this note the Fair is nominally open on Sunday. What the situation will be when this reaches the readers nobody knows.ŠEDITOR. t It is difficult to separate between morals and religion. While common usage seems to justify such a distinction, it does not exist in fact. Moral is that which is right, immoral, that which is wrong. Civil government has properly nothing to do with right and wrong, but only with rights and wrongs.Š EDITOR. ernment may legislate upon considerations of immorality, so called, in distinction from Ł religion, there is no showing that such considerations entered into the settle-ment of the question of Sunday closing. But it may be urged that the employ-ment of sixteen thousand men in running beer gardens on the grounds every Sun-day was certainly an immoral proceeding demanding suppression. Assuredly it was; but no more immoral on Sunday than any other day, and no more immoral inside the grounds than outside. The peo-ple who wanted to drink beer or some-thing stronger on Sunday could get it just as easily outside the gates, and without paying the admission fee. It has been thoroughly demonstrated to the shame of Chicago that Sunday closing of the Fair did not prevent this and other nameless forms of immorality. So Sunday closing is certainly not " a great moral victory " in this respect. But if not a moral victory, is not Sun-day closing a great religious victory ? It hardly seems that way to one who holds that religion should at least include mo-rality. Even if the Fair had been closed by civil enactment, avowedly for religious reasons, it would scarcely have been a victory for religionŠthough it might have seemed to favor what some people think is religion. But let it be remem-bered that that true religion never seeks, nor boasts of, the assistance of civil law; much less when that assistance takes the form of a colossal bribe. Christianity should crimson with the shame of prosti-tution to think of the pure religion of Jesus in such an attitude But there are a few more questions that are pertinent, Who wanted the Fair closed on Sundays ? Apparently a large proportion of the membership of nearly all the religious denominations and allied organizations in the land, showing unmis-takably the religious interest in the ques-tion. Added to these were the Chicago brewers and liquor dealers with few ex-ceptions. Their interest is easily con-ceived. Then Senator Matthew Quay strangely but piously (?) wanted the Fair closed on Sunday in obedience to " the Book of law," which commands the ob-servance of the rest day of orthodox Jews. And Senator Hawley wanted the Sunday closing provision to pass so that he and other politicians could " come back here" to Congress. Altogether the combination which forced the Sunday closing bribe through the national legislature was not intensely and unanimously either moral or religious. And so again it is not man-ifest that the final accomplishment of their purpose is a great victory devoutly to be lauded by all good people. An in-herently good cause seldom invites such support as this received. On the other hand, who wanted Sunday opening ? Undoubtedly many bad men as well as good ones. Doubtless the mo-tive to maintain an open Fair was largely that of making as much money as pos-sibleŠjust as the confessed reason for Sunday closing now is. Yet the influence and numbers of those who demanded an open Fair was by no means inconsider-able if there is reason to applaud Sunday closing as " a great victory." Yet the writer but recently heard an ardent, and apparently intelligent advocate of Sun-day closing, declare that " Nobody wanted the Fair open on Sunday but Seventh-day Adventists and thugs." Well, it must be said that honors are easy between the two  sides so far as the adherence of'," thugs" is concerned ; but the Seventh-day Ad-ventists are certainly peculiar in their attitude on this question. It is frequently stated that the Seventh-day Adventists are in favor of an open Fair, and ener-getically circulated petitions to secure it; but the facts are different. The only petitions circulated by these people have been to secure a repeal of congressional legislation intended to close the Fair on Sunday. To any one who thinks, this is vastly different than to petition Congress to close the Fair on Sunday. Seventh-day Adventists have from the beginning of the controversy consistently held that Congress had no constitutional right to dictate to the local directory in the mat-ter of Sunday closing; and the decisions of the courts, in none of which they were directly interested, their views have been sustained. The local board has the right which it has exercised in trying both Sun-day opening and Sunday closing. One final query : Is the Sunday ques-tion now finally settled in this country ? Not at all. The decisions of both Judge Jenkins and Chief Justice Field are merely vindicative of the principle of State rights against congressional en-croachment. They do not at all touch the propriety of the original legislation by which Congress sought to bring about Sunday closing in response to the de-mands of organized religionists. That action stands still unquestioned by judicial utterance and unrepealed as a precedent for religious legislation. And the people who are congratulating themselves upon the accomplishment of this "great vic-tory " are by no means content with it. The vigilant, patriotic lover of civil and religious liberty shall see greater things than this. F. W. HOWE. The "Christian Oracle " on Sunday Legislation. [In its issue of June 29, the Christian Oracle, of Chicago, published by request a sermon by Pres-ident Dungan, of Cotner University, the subject being the Sunday opening of the World's Fair. The Oracle takes issue with the sermon, and in its editorial columns comments on it in part, as fol-lows :] WE question the correctness of the pro-fessor's assertion that the saloon men of this city are "yelling for the gates to be open on Sunday." They have been re-ported at different times on both sides. At the present time we believe that if the sense of the seven thousand saloon keepers of Chicago were taken it would be found that nine out of every ten would be in favor of Sunday closing. A saloon keeper near the central part of the city said to a friend of the writer, a brother who lives in Southwestern Iowa, that it was better for his business that the Fair should be closed on Sunday. This was said only a short time since, and after he had had an opportunity to test the matter both of Sunday closing and Sunday opening so far as the effect on his business is con-cerned. . . . " Has the Nation a right to interfere as the defender of Christianity ? " says the professor. To this we reply, If the Nation has a right to interfere as the defender of Chris-tianity further than to protect each phase of it in the inalienable right to propagate its doctrines by moral means and without direct aid from the State, or to protect it from the unlawful encroachments of other religions, we would like to know which 