22 AME1ICAN SENTINEL. The proper spiritual use of the day must of course, be entirely voluntary. Its observance as a day of quiet, of cessation from business, is to be enforced by law only on the ground that men are to be re-strained from whatever would disturb or interfere with the worship of others or their due observance of the day. When this has been secured by law and is enforced by public opinion and by faithful officers of the law, all is done which the State can do. Education and Christian influence must do the rest " The Church is a spiritual body, acting on the State only by the moral and spiritual forces of bldividual persons." So much as to the State and our duty in this matter as citizens. As Christians, we find the highest warrant for the observance of the day in the directly revealed command of God enforced by the consciousness of our own need of time for the especial considera-tion of spiritual truth. Nothing in all this affords the slightest reason for Sunday laws. " Business and professional" men need not be "pursued to their homes and into their hours of sleep by the incessant click of the ' ticker ' and the imperious bell of the telephone," unless, because of greed, they will to have it so. The State has no duty to protect such victims of their own avarice. The same is true of the Sunday paper; it has no power to force its way into any man's house. The man who does not order or buy the Sunday paper, will not be disturbed by it. Those who do not want the Sunday paper need not have it. " The proper spiritual use of the day must," indeed, be voluntary, and so should every other use of that or any other day. Every man's time is his own, and the State has no just right to deprive him of any portion of it. Sunday laws, so far as they now exist, fail almost utterly to prohibit the very kinds of work that tend most to disturb those who desire quiet upon that day. And not only so, but numerous cases could, as our readers know, be cited in which quiet farm labor and other quiet private work, which could not possibly disturb anybody, has been severely punished, under the laws which are professedly designed only to protect those who desire to keep the day. The fact is, as appears in the extract quoted from President Gates, Sunday laws . are wholly religious, and are designed to at least foster the religious observance of the day. Were it not for the popular notion that God requires Sunday rest, we would hear nothing of the necessity for enforced Sunday rest. c. P. B. IF conscience is not a realm that human government has no right to invade, then the majority may properly dictate to the minority in matters of religion as it does in matters of finance. But conscience is such a domain, and every individual has a perfect right, as far as human authority is concerned, to choose that religion that suits him best. RELIGIOUS persecution and bigotry are the worst in the world. They are without consideration or pity.ŠA. D. Vail, D. D. INT.A.f1`ICOIVA8a.14 MOS MGM ftssoGiatioll asAtIrJuericz CE" THE 61.7crk AND TM cn6BCx FOREVERS"4k"1-"9R  DEGLfIRRTION OF PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a Curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit. ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on re-ligious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every Man to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and hon-orable meats to prevent religious legislation by the civil gov-ernment; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the ines-timable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES: 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK CITY. 1225 T St., N. W., WASHINGTON, D. C. 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO, ILL. 12TH AND CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. 267 WEST MAIN ST., BATTLE CREEK, MICH. PRESIDENT. SECRETARY. IN Butler, Pa., the clergymen and the Law and Order League are agitating the enforcing of Sunday laws. IN the Senate, on January 12, many petitions in favor of the loan of $5,000,000 to the World's Fair were presented, conditioned on the Fair being kept closed on Sunday. Ł 4.-Ł THE managers of the Brooklyn Sunday School Union have undertaken to secure a monster protest, of all the Sunday schools of the United States, against the opening of the World's Fair on Sunday. THE Board of Education, of Bayonne, New Jersey, has decided to continue the reading of the Bible and the recitation of the Lord's Prayer at the opening exercises of the public schools. The vote upon the question stood seven to five. THE city council of Toronto decided, that, if five thousand tax-payers of the city made the request, the question as to whether the running of street cars should be permitted on Sunday would be sub-mitted to popular vote. Is was voted upon at their election on January 4, and lost. Toronto will still continue to be an example to the rest of the world of a "Christian city." THE State Sabbath Association of Illinois, at its annual meeting just held, passed resolutions especially requesting the. State of Illinois to close its individual State exhibit at the coming World's Fair, on Sunday, irrespective of what might be the decision of the Commissioners as to the Exposition as a whole. Tan following is from the Star, of Washington, D.C.:Š "Assistant Secretary Nettleton has written a let-ter to Mrs. S. D. La Fetra and Mrs. Mary E. Catlin, of the Woman's Christian Ł Temperance Union, in regard to closing the Barge Office at New York on Sundays. " He calls attention to the letter he wrote to the Commissioner of Immigration at that port, in Au-gust last, on this subject, showing that it is the wish and purpose of the Treasury Department to suspend Sunday work in the matter of landing im-migrants just so far as it can be done without causing discomfort and distress among the immi- grants, which, he says, no humane citizen would care to produce. " He says, ` It's my hope that with the co-operation of the steamship companies, Sunday work can be practically abolished, during a large portion of the year.' He assured the ladies that the Department needed no urging in the matter of seeing that all of its employes have that Sunday rest which nature so clearly requires and to which the law entitles them, except when labors of neces-sity or charity prevent.' " ARCHBISHOP IRELAND has expressed himself in a published paper on the Sunday question, in which he upholds the right of the State to enforce Sunday observance, and urges upon Roman Catholics a stricter fealty to the Sunday. This is natural; it is in fact a logical necessity that Roman Catholic au-thorities should support Sunday laws and their en-forcement. More than this, that they will do so there is the assurance of prophecy. THE National Young Peoples' Society of Christian Endeavor has appointed a committee on Sunday closing of the World's Fair. This committee has come out with a pamphlet containing the names of the local directory of Chicago ; names and addresses of all the Commissioners for the different States and Territories; blank petitions; sample resolu-tions; and an extended dissertation upon the Sun-day clgsing of the World's Fair. THE Barge Office is now closed on Sundays, and no immigrants permitted to land on that day, con-sequent upon imperative orders from the Secre-tary of the Treasury. It is supposed that the order will be made permanent, and hereafter those pas-sengers arriving too late to disembark on Saturday, will be obliged to remain on shipboard until Mon-day morning; thirty-six hours more, in some cases, in which to develop ship fever and other diseases incident upon steerage travel in ocean steamers. Word and Work has this item in reference to the exhibition of legal intolerance in religious matters in Austria: "There is no religious liberty in Rus-sia, and not much in Austria. In Vienna the police have just closed the German Methodist Chapel, and have also prohibited its minister from officiating anywhere in the city. The ground upon which this step is taken is that in the articles of faith professed by the Methodist Church, it is stated that "the sacrifices of masses are blasphemous fables and dangerous doctrines.' " Ł 4ŁŁ Pennsylvania Blue Laws Revived. A SPECIAL dispatch to the Evening Post, from Pittsburg, contains the following in reference to the course of the Law and Order League in that city:Š "Informations to the number of one hundred were made before Alderman Rohe yesterday by the Law and Order Society against agents, carriers, and business office clerks of the Leader, Dispatch, and Press, the only Sunday papers here. The informa-tions were made under the Blue Laws of 1794, which the country members of the Legislature refuse to repeal. "The Law and Order Society is a very unpopular body and the three papers mentioned, are making it hot for the organization by means of editorials and cartoons. The Society has been securing the arrest of poor widows, and invalids of both sexes, for the Sunday sale of candy, ice cream, soda water and cigars. Alexander Wishart, formerly a captain in the United States regular army, was until recently agent of the Society, and active in these prosecu-tions. Now he is located in Newark, New Jersey, where he will begin a similar crusade. A constable R. C. PORTER A. F. BALLENGER 