AMERICAN SENTINEL. 363  knows, never moving out of it. The grievous and heavy-to-be-borne burdens of his business schemes and legisla-tive measures he lays upon the back of his so-called at-torney, whom he of course pays liberally, and who in turn employs others for the dirtier and less arduous work. These last he never sees, does not know, nor want to know. It might make him uncomfortable if he did. They are paid for what they do and are satisfied, pre-sumably. What affair is it of his? Indeed, he seldom if ever thinks of them; the ward politician looks after all that. AN EVIL HERITAGE. He is blind; yet his blindness is not altogether willful, and in so far, therefore, he is not to be blamed. He was the product of the existing social order before he became one of its chief upholders, and the church which he sup-ports has never told himŠshall we say never dared to tell him?Šin language he can understand that he is daily responsible for the crucifixion afresh of the Son of God through cooperation in a system which gives the lie to professions of faith in Christ and renders incapable of fulfillment the definite, practical injunctions of his teach-ings. In this respect his experience is not unique. Each of us enters upon life with the innate capacity for Christlike-ness, and the equally innate tendency toward Pharisee-ism, and the very worst that can be said of the existing order, this so-called Christian civilization, is that it de-velops the Pharisee and kills the Christ in us. All of us are under its spell, and so the objects of divine displeas-ure. The differences are only differences in the degree of culpability dependent on the measure of received enlight-enment and they who really see are the first to feel the force of the Master's command : "He that is without sin, let him cast the first stone." AN EX-PHARISEE'S EXAMPLE. Let us would-be reformers, therefore, not judge one another any more, but judge this rather, that no one of us put that worst of stumbling blocks, Phariseeism, in his brother's way. To do this is not easy, but it is pos-sible. For from out that old party of self-righteousness, respectability and special privilege there came a man who, having suffered the loss of all things of that sort, did count them as so much dung in comparison with the knowledge of Christ and acceptability with him, conse-quent upon that knowledge and that loss. In saying "Be ye followers together of me, even as I am of Christ," Paul, the ex Pharisee, prisoner of Jesus Christ, said what each one of us, lay as well as clerical, must be able to say if he would be other than a blind leader of the blind. For the Master's requisition the necessary qualifications for real discipleship is the same to day that it was in the first century : If any man would come after me let him turn his back upon respectability and social station. Let him come out of that smug little world of his own imagining, out into the real world of the common people, bearing his cross of misrepresentation and ridicule and scorn, and  let him follow me in the search for rightness of personal relationship with publicans and sinners. A REPRESENTATIVE of the Society of Friends, Mr. Richard Henry Thomas, writes the following to The Inde-pendent, in juttification of the Society's attitude on the question of war:Š "We are unable to find anything in the example of Jesus, or in the spirit of the New Testament that justifies the assertion, when made without qualification, that `self defence is Christian.' Within certain limits it is, as is also the defense of the weak, and the defense of the right. These limits may include any amount of suffering on the part of the defender, even unto death; but they admit of no departure from the spirit of love or from the spirit of His example who came not to destroy men's lives, but to save them, and to give his life a ransom for many." THE following item from a Manitoba journal states in detail the "destruction of the enemy's fleet"Šso to speakŠin the battle between the forces of liberty and of religious legislation in the Manitoba legislature:Š "Clause two of the Sunday observance bill, prohibit-ing the sale of goods and the performance of ordinary work was struck out, as was also clause three, prohibit-ing political meetings; clause four relating to games and amusements and clause five, with sub-sections relating to Sunday excursions. In place of clause four a provision was inserted making it illegal to advertize or attend games or entertainments for which a fee is charged. A clause was added providing that this bill did not repeal the general Sunday act now in force." 44  War About a Bucket. "The Oriental Watchman." EVERY one knows that a very small matter may grow into a quarrel, when two small people feel quarrelsome. And when grown people allow pride and selfishness to rule their hearts they can quarrel about as small a thing as children. So nations may fall out and fight, spending large sums of money and many lives over a very little thing. The following shows what "standing up for their rights" may lead men to do:Š "In the year 1005 a soldier of the commonwealth of Modena ran away with a bucket from a public well be-longing to the State of Bologna. The bucket might have been worth a shilling; but it produced a quarrel which was worked up into a long and bloody war. Henry, king of Sardinia, assisted the Modenese to keep possession of the bucket, and in one of the battles he was made a pris-oner. His father, the emperor, offered a chain of gold that would encircle Bologna, which is seven miles in com-pass, for his son's ransom; but in vain. After twenty-two years' imprisonment he pined away. His monument is in the Church of the Dominicans. The fatal bucket is still exhibited in the Cathedral of Modena, enclosed in an iron cage." 