Ł Ł : BIBLES, 13(16STEI'S - COMEHENSIVE - TE(ICHEliS' - BIBLE. Emerald Type. Size-8% x 5% x inches. Swedish Morocco, improved divinity circuit, leather lined to edge, round corners, red under gold edges, with Illustrations, 14 Maps, Concordance, Helps, etc. Post paid, - - - $5.00 GENUINE : OXFORD : TE(ICHEliS' : BIBLES.," Minion Type. Size-5 x 7j inches. Fine Levant Morocco (brown), divinity circuit, calf lined, round corners, gold edges, Maps, Concordance, and many other valuable helps, Post paid, $5.00 LARGE . TYPE . , BIBL FOR THOSE WITH POOR EYESIGHT. French Morocco, limp covers, round corners, side and back title in gold, gilt edges, Family Register and Maps. Post paid, - - $2.00 ADDRESS, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. KANSAS CITY, MO. OAKLAND, CAL. CYCLONE WASHER! The Champion  gPVIk  Machines. It washes in the most satisfactory manner the clothes of farmers, machinists, engineers, and bricklayers, cleaning the dirty collars and cuffs without rubbing. The work is effected by the compressed air forcing the water through the fabric, and therefore without wear to the mate-rial washed. The washing done cleaner, quicker, better, and in half the time. No tired feeling. A child of ten can operate it. Satisfaction guaranteed. Agents Wanted in every county. For particulars and circulars address, COON BROS., 131-137 So. Washington St., Battle Creek, Mich. SEPTEMBER 19, 1895. A.101IJOIECIC.A_N 295 running counter to the fundamental principle of American jurisprudence. Even for this reason we deem the laws enacted for the pro-tection of Sunday wrong in principle, they meddle with matters not concerning the State in the least. Let the State protect those who wish to rest on Sunday or attend public wor-ship, and punish such as have the effrontery to therein disturb their fellow-citizens; but let the State keep its nose out of the private affairs of the peopleŠon Sunday just as well as on every other day of the week. This, nothing more and nothing else, the American people ought to demand of its servants, the legislators and executive officials. Exemption laws, such as the Anz. d. W. demands, will not suffice, but only make the evil worse. Persecuted for Their Faith. [Detroit Free Press, Aug. 18.] THE " unto guid" people of Tennessee have not read history to very good purpose if they do not know that they are taking the best possible means to strengthen the cause of the Seventh-day Adventists in that State in persecuting them for adherence to their faith. In obedience to what they honestly believe to be the divine command these people rest on the seventh day of the week and claim the right to labor on the first. Those who believe in resting on the first day of the week have persecuted and prosecuted them for working' on that day and caused them to be sent to jail and to the chain-gang. This will probably discourage them for a timeŠsuch of them at least as have actually been arrested, convicted and punished; but it will be very remarkable if it tends in the slightest degree to weaken their belief in the holiness of the seventh day of the week or in their right to labor on the first. Religious beliefs are not driven out of earnest people in that way; and there can be no doubt that the Tennessee Adventists are an earnest people. That the prosecutors in the case are backed by the law of the State is probably true; but a law which permits such proceedings is wicked and unjust and ought to be repealed. A Disgrace to our Civilization. [Milwaukee Daily News, July 26.] EIGHT Seventh-day Adventists of Rhea County, Tennessee, have been sentenced to serve from seventy-five to ninety days in the county jail for the offense of doing labor on Sunday. These men are very conscientious citizens. A Seventh-day Adventist is almost without exception an honest, reliable man. Seventh-day Adventists as a rule live closer to the spiritual and moral demands of their religion than do the membership of three-fourths of the sects of the Christian belief. The intolerance that is manifested toward them in Tennessee . . . smacks of the Middle Ages. Ł . . The Seventh-day Adventists are just as de-vout, to say the least, as the membership of any Christian sect that the sun shines on. They generally observe with more severity than most sects the strict teachings of their creed. They carry such teachings into their business relations. They make a cloak of their religion for social and business advan-tages less than does the membership of three-fourths of the sects that uphold the Christian religion. It goes without saying then that a church membership of which such things can be said with truth, is simply experiencing the hard-ships of many of the martyrs of ancient times,  when they are, thrown into prison because they observe some other day than that generally ob-served by other Christian religious bodies as the sabbath day. It is a disgrace to nineteenth century civili-zation that such conditions exist. It belies the claim that this country is as yet the home of the free. It has yet to establish that free-dom which permits a man to worship his God as he chooses so long as he does not infringe upon the moral right of society as established by convention and common sense. THE "TWO REPUBLICS." A STIRRING book for the times, giving a comparative history of the two greatest republics of the world,ŠRome and the United States. In it are presented in a clear and simple manner the results of many years of study and historical research. The author, in review-ing the history of the Roman republic, clearly points out the rocks upon which she stranded and shows that the same insidious agencies that secured her downfall, are at work to-day, and will eventually be the ruin of this nation. The book contrasts the principles underlying en-forced religious observances with the true principles of religious liberty for every man, as guaranteed by the Constitution of the United States. It is unique of its kind, and pregnant with historical lessons of great interest and importance that have a special application to flab people of this country and this age of the world. Everyone who is interested in the religious, political and social developments of the day, should read this book. To the thoughtful student of history it is invaluable. One octavo volume of 899 pages, clearly printed on a good quality of tinted paper, beautifully and sub-stantially bound, and illustrated with numerous full-page engravings. Cloth, marbled edges, $2.50 Cloth, gilt edges 3  00 Half morocco, marbled edges, 4.00 Full morocco. marbled edges, 4  75 A cheaper edition, on thinner paper, may be had for only 1  85 This book is also published in German at the same pricesi  SMITH'S DICTIONARY of the BIBLE EDITED BY WM SMITH, L.L.D. COMPRISING ITS ANTIQUITIES, BIOGRAPHY, GEOGRAPHY, AND NATURAL HISTORY PRICE, $2.00. This work contains every name in the Bible respecting which anything can be said ; over 400 engravings, and is a complete guide to the pronunciation and significa-tion of scriptural names; the solution of difficulties of in-terpretation, authority, and harmony; also a history and description of Biblical customs, manners, events, places, persons, animals, plants, minerals, etc., and comprises a most complete ency-clopedia of Biblical information. ADDRESS- PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Bond Street, Oakland, Cal. New York City. FACTS : FOR : THE : TIMES, --CONTAINING- Historical Extracts, Candid Admissions from Authors, ancient and modern, on the live questions of the present hour, political and religious. A BOOK FOR THE TIMES. A. compilation of facts that are astounding, by Students of Biblical and Historical Research. 340 pages. Wine-colored cloth binding. PR ICE, Post-paid, - - - 75 cents. PACIFIC PRESS, 43 BOND STREET, New York City. Oakland, Cal. Kansas City, Mo. Address, PACIFIC PRESS. 43 Bond St., New York. 