280 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "It is, indeed, save to those who love bondage. For me it is a paradise, and furnishes me with opportunity that suits ambition well." "Whose town is this?" "It is my Lord Azazel's, and he's a master that is well enough, if souls are full submissive to his will." "What aileth the men who toil in chains, and bleed?" "They sigh for liberty, and long to leave this city, and yet despair." "Can they not leave it, then?" "Not without help. We keep no help to help," he laughed. "Those who have help, need be well balanced, or they will be as slaves." I clutched my bright credentials; but he smiled, and looked a devil's malice. "That by and by," he said. "Others have come as sanguine, and have made out to stay in spite of love of liberty. You'll choose to stay or go to prison, or worse." A sound of thunder made us start and look, and lo, the cloud had streaks of vivid color. "There seems a Presence in yon cloud," I said. "Hush! hush!" he said, "we long have doubted it. Some say the rightful king of all our subjects dwells therein, and sometime thinks to visit us with vengeance; but we have said 'twas but a foolish dream. "Come see our warehouse." With that he opened narrowly a door, and I stepped in, but 0, what sighs, what moanings, what despair! "Is this a mad house?" "Worse!" he said. "These know their pain, and mad men dream they dream." "Here is a curious case; now watch." A frail, drooped maid, with saddened face and older than her years, stitched on a garment, and beside her others stitched and sighed and wept. Their tears fell on the robes they made, and as I watched, I saw her fingers bleed, leaving a stain upon the robe she sewed. I saw her press her side, and suddenly she raised her robe, and lo, a wound was in her side, that bled. "What is it, sad one," said I. "Why bleed your fin-gers so? Why bleeds your breast?" "My fingers bleed for beauty, and my heart has broken while they bleed." "What means she?" said I to my careless guide. "She is an artist maiden from the hills of Summer-land, and loved her art and country well, aye, and her God." "Why came she here?" "We brought her on the plea of service to her God. `God would have sacrifice,' we said to her, and bids you leave the natural things you love, crush out the instincts of your heart, and press your feet in thorns. She came to us as nuns go into convents. Her garments are the robes of sacrifice." "But look, each robe she sews is stained with her own blood." "So be it. The garments are for blind souls; they will do." "And these others who weep so, what of them?" "Yea, they too, have left a God-made hope, and serve as slaves to win a love they have, yet know not of it." Next came we to a room where old, wan souls were housed. They spiked their sandals, and looked far away with hungry eyes. "What's this?" I asked. "What means that far-off look?" "They think of their lost homes." "Why left they homes? They are too old for toil, for such is rest." "We brought them here. We took their homes away and gave them toil, and promised thus to win them homes in heaven. Yet we have made their way so rigor-ous in the name of love, that now they doubt of heaven and sigh for what they've left. Look! With that he lifted up the coat from one bowed back, whose flesh was seamed with scourging. "Who doeth this cruelty?" I asked in grief. "They bid us do it, because they sigh for natural rights, and yet have been persuaded by us that 'tis sin. This eases pain by pain, and seems less hard than long-ing. So they have both. Ha! ha!" We next found mothers wailing for their babes, while weaving nets for other's bondage. "Where are their babes?" I asked. "They wail; listen!" I listened and I heard the children wail in want of food, of warmth, of medicine and mother care. I heard them shriek as though some cruel hand was placed upon them. A great lamenting filled the mother's room, and then the scourge man entered, and beneath his lash some fainted and some died. Next came we to a room where men were gagged, and blood dripped from their tongues. "And what means this?" "It means that they would speak, condemning what they see, and say this bondage is not God's, but Azazel's." "Yet is it not Azazel's?" "Aye. Yet were it known as his, we'd have revolt where now we've self-made slaves, who think by sacrifice to win at last the city you are set forŠ`Liberty.' But we pretending here to be the representatives of Love, make them to doubt of such a place at all, and erelong grind their hope out on our wheel." "And love you pain and blood?" "Ha! ha! I fatten on it, and my lord Azazel. We must have blood. Heart's blood is best, and best of heart's blood is the blood that drips through pain's slow torture." (Continued in next issue.) 