384 AJDILEJEL N Vol... 8. No. 48. NEW YORK, DECEMBER 7, 1893. Vr.' ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked" Sample Copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. H. A. WHITTAKER, 614 East 9th St., Pue-blo, Colo., desires a complete volume of the SENTINEL for 1892. Who has one to dispose of ? IN Kansas City, Mo., Denver, Col., and Detroit, Mich., the Sunday closing of bar-ber shops is occupying the attention of the Sunday law advocates. Success is attend-ing their efforts to compel the unwillingly hirsute to wear upon their faces the evi-dence of their Sunday observance. NEW TOWN, Long Island, has been greatly agitated for some time over an order issued by the chairman of the school board to discontinue the reciting of, the Lord's Prayer in the public school of the village. The order was issued upon demand of a number of citizens, who, for various rea-sons, objected to the giving of any reli-gious instruction in the public schools. But protests long and loud were made against the chairman's order, and it was rescinded a few days since by unanimous vote of the school board. A. SUBSCRIBER writing from Memphis, Tenn., the State in which Sunday work is a nuisanceŠwhen done by Adventists,Šsays :Š I was walking through the city last Sunday, and could scarcely tell that it was Sunday by anything that I saw. One can buy almost anything he wants !sere on Sunday just as well as on other days. But an Adventist cannot hoe in his gar-den or sprout stumps in his back field or do any other similar work without the risk of being indicted and prosecuted for main-taining a nuisance because of the moral shock to the religious prejudices of his neighbors ! THE Brooklyn Eagle, of November 27, contains an editorial reference to the bill prepared for submission to the legislature of New York this winter for the provid-ing of State aid to parochial schools. After quoting from the protest of Bishop Doane, the Eagle says :Š It is remarkable that this renewal of the paro-chial school agitation follows so closely the arrival of the papal ablegate. If the utterances of Mgr. Satolli have possessed any significance whatever, it was in the desire expressed to see the Catholic Church adjust itself to American conditions. We had begun to believe that the guiding minds of Catholicism in this country were being fronted m )re toward America and less toward Rome, and the impression was strengthened by the broad patriotism and liberality of thought displayed by so eminent a man as Cardinal Gibbons. It is, we believe, unfortunate that the discussion should have been revived at all, first, because there is not the slightest probability of securing the legislation asked; and secondly, because of the proof it affords  that Catholicism is as far away as ever from a correct interpretation of the American spirit when it again attempts, though perhaps in more inge-nious guise, to mix the affairs of Church and State. There can be no well founded belief that Roman Catholicism will ever be " fronted more towards America and less toward Rome." History and prophecy both de-clare against such a possibility. THE World, of November 28, has this item: " Samuel Pertak, a clerk in the grocery store at No. 94 Monroe Street, sold a loaf of bread to a woman Sunday last, which act was witnessed by policeman Heaphy, of the Madison Street station. ' What do you mean by violating the Sabbath ? ' demanded the officer. ' I'm not the only one that's open,' re-torted the clerk. You must be blind.' The young man was arrested, and Jus-tice  Voorhis, in the Essex Market Court yesterday, held him for trial." THE Congregationalist sees some of the signs of the times. It looks forward to a coming religious contest and says; " If we do not wrongly read the signs of the times, it is to be fought on this continent sooner, perhaps, and with more terrible earnest-ness, than we have thoughts" There is prophetic assurance that the conflict which the Congregationalist foresees is to take place, and that soon; this country will also be the theatre of action. These signs in the religious, social, and political world are but corroborative of prophecy. THE China Mail, for a copy of which the SENTINEL is indebted to a subscriber at Hong Kong, notes the fact that a Ro-man Catholic bishop of the city of Hong Kong had refused, in behalf of the churches of his denomination, to cooperate with the Protestant societies in the observ-ance of an especial day as " Hospital Sun-day," and the donation of offerings on that day to general hospital purposes in the city. The reason which the bishop gives is that his people support their own char-itable institutions. The Mail regrets the bishop's action especially "in the view of the fact that the Roman Catholic institu-tions in the colony receive a large measure of support from the Protestant commun-ity." THE " Pearl of Days" of November 25, has this item :Š Over seventy of the persons who had been in-dicted by the Grand Jury of Plaquemine, La., for violating the Sunday law came forward and pleaded guilty Nov. 13. Judge Talbot2  imposed a fine of $25 on each, saying that he would be as light on them as the law allowed, but warned them that if they were ever brought up before him again on a similar charge that they could not expect that leniency. The fines, under the law, go to the pub-lic school fund, which will be considerably aug-mented. The law was strictly observed Nov. 19, and it will be henceforward. The Louisiana Sunday law requires that places of public business shall be closed for twenty-four hours continuously from twelve o'clock Saturday night, till twelve o'clock Sunday night, the penalty for do-ing business between those hours, being a  fine of not less than twenty-five dollars nor more than two hunared and fifty dol-lars, or imprisonment for not less than ten days, nor more than thirty days, or both, at the discretion of the court. REFERRING to the proposition to so re-vise the Constitution of this State as to prevent in the future the appropriation of public funds for sectarian purposes, the Outlook says:Š We are prepared to nail to the mast a banner with this motto: "No public funds except to public in-stitutions." This would temporarily cripple some excellent benevolent organizations, but the ultimate benefits would far outweigh any temporary disad-vantages. It is unfortunate that so little public in-terest has been aroused in matters of such public importance. It is unfortunate ; and it is also unfortun-ate that all who call themselves Protest-ants are not prepared to stand upon this platform. THE Reformed Presbyterians, the orig-inal National Reformers, declare, in a leaflet circulated at the recent National Reform convention in Allegheny, that because the Government of the United States is founded on the will of the people and on the secular theory, " it is consti-tuted and administered in disregard of the authority of God, and of his Christ, and of his law. And by its immoral leg-islation and its sanction given to great wrongs and enormous evils, the Govern-ment proves itself to be a throne of in-iquity which frames mischief by a law." The Christian Statesman, which pro-fesses to be very much horrified at the Adventist application of Revelation 13 :11-17 to the United States, will please explain in what respect the National Reform view gives superior honor to this Government ? THE " Pearl of Days " column in the Mail and Express has this item :Š Rev. Dr. Thomas D. Christie, President of St. Paul's Institute, Tarsus, Asiatic Turkey, writes to the General Secretary of the American Sabbath Union, as follows: " We foreign missionaries are watching with keenest interest the progress of the cause in which you are engaged, and earnestly pray for the largest possible success. May God raise up a multitude of public spirited men of de-votion to noble ideals and of a high sense of honor who shall carry forward the cause of the Sabbath." Such paragraphs as this are indications of the widespread influence of this fatal religious errorŠthe movement for the en-forcement of Sunday observance. What will be its influence when it obtains full foothold in the minds of untaught con-verts from heathenism, who are still imbued with the ideas of pagan force with which this so perfectly tallies ? AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per year, - - 90c 25 to 99 " " " " - - - 80c 100 to 249 " " " - - 75c 250 to 499 " " " " 11 70c 14 500 to 999 " " " " - - 65c " 1000 or more " " " 11 60c To foreign countries in Postal Union, - 5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York City. 