AMERICAN SENTINEL. 199 influence of the Spirit of God, is also a fit type of the kingdom of God, for there is the new man, the subject to Christ the everlasting King. There is a throne in every heart and Christ is the lawful king. Too often the usurper sits enthroned where Christ should reign, but the kingdom belongs none the less to God; so that it is true of every man, whether he recognizes the fact or not, that the kingdom of God is within him. But the ushering in of the kingdom of God in this sense is beyond the power of earthly rulers. Our Lord said, "My kingdom is not of this world." And when some would have taken him by force and made him a king he hid himself from them. Had he come bearing the symbols of a princely lineage, had he sought honor 'of men, had he courted political preferment, in short, had he coveted an earthly throne, douhtless.the multitudes who scorned him and who joined in the cruel cry, Crucify him, crucify him! would have united in crowning him king of the Jews. But Jesus Christ received not honor of men. They could add nothing to him. Each can for himself give to his Lord that which is already hisŠ"A sinful, wayward heart;" and this once given, Christ will cleanse it, making it a fit temple for his own abode; but men can never give to Christ any other kingdom than their own hearts. He receives his kingdom from the Father, who says to him, "Ask of me and I shall give thee the heathen for thine in-heritance and the uttermost parts of the earth for thy possession. Thou shalt rule them with a rod of iron; thou shalt dash them in pieces like a potter's vessel." Ps. 2:8,9. Our Saviour likened himself to a nobleman going into a far country to receive for himself a kingdom and to return. Cf. Mark 13:34 with Luke 19:11,12. He re-ceives that kingdom as promised in the second Psalm, at the conclusion of the judgment described in Dan. 7:9,10. This judgment decides who, are to be the subjects of that kingdom. The giving of the kingdom is described in -verses 13 and 14. Following this comes the ruling with Ła rod of iron, the breaking in pieces like a potter's vessel. "According to their deeds, accordingly he will repay, fury -to his adversaries, recompense to his enemies; to the islands will he repay recompense." Isa. 59:18. "Out of his mouth goeth a sharp sword, that with it he should smite the nations: and he shall rule them with a rod of iron; and he treadeth the winepress of the fierceness and wrath of Almighty God. And he hath on his vesture and on his thigh a name written, KING OF KINGS, AND LORD OF LORDS." Rev. 19:15,16. This earth was not created to be forever the abode -of sin and rebellion against GOd. It was created to be peopled with a race loyal to their Creator. "For thus Łsaith the Lord that created the heavens; God himself that formed the earth and made it; he hath established -it, he created it not in vain; he formed it to be inhabited; I am the Lord and there is none else." Isa. 45:18. Of -the character of those who are to inhabit the earth, the psalmist says: "The meek shall inherit the earth; and shall delight themselves in the abundance of peace."  "The Lord knoweth the days of the upright: and their'  inheritance shall be forever." Ps. 37:11,18. The apostle Peter, also, speaking of God's purpose concerning the earth, says that notwithstanding the fact that it is to be destroyed by fire, even as it was once overthrown by water, "Nevertheless, we, according to his promise, look for new heavens and a new earth, wherein dwelleth righteousness." 2 Peter 3:13. The future glorious kingdom of God for which our Saviour teaches us to pray, saying, "Our Father which art in heaven, hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done, as in heaven, so in earth," is, then, nothing less than this earth purged by the fires of the last day, and restored to its Eden glory by the power of him who sits upon the throne, when he shall say in the presence of all his redeemed people, "Behold, I make all things new." Then from the ashes of the present world shall come forth the new earth, promised long; the hope of saints and sages, of patriarchs and prophets; and as before the astonished gaze of the saved of all ages it springs at once into verdure, as they see it "rejoice and blossom as the rose," as "the excellency of Carmel and Sharon" are given unto it, from the lips of that throng "which no man can number," will burst that glad shout of praise, "Blessing and honor, and glory, and power be unto him that sitteth upon the throne and unto the Lamb forever and ever." The work of preparing subjects for this glorious king-, dom is now going on in the earth. This gospel of the king-dom is being preached "in all the world for a witness" (Matt. 24:14); and soon the end will come. But only the gospel can prepare men to enter this kingdom; and only its preaching in the demonstration and power of the Spirit of God can hasten the coming of that day. "Not by might nor by power, but by my Spirit, saith the Lord." "The zeal of the Lord of hosts will perform this." Human governments are powerless in this matter. God alone "can bring a clean thing out of an unclean." C. P. B. Inconveniences of Royalty. AN English paper says that the other day, when Queen Victoria was seated in her drawing-room, with several of her household in attendance, the lamp placed close beside her began to smoke. To the horror and as-tonishment of the company the Queen promptly raised her august hand and turned down the flame. "Your majesty," said the lady in waiting in awestruck tones, "why did you trouble to do that yourself?" "Because," said the Queen, "if I had called out, 'This lamp is smoking I' one of you ladies would have said to the equerry, 'See! the lamp is smoking!' and the equerry .would have called out to the nearest servant, 'Here! the Queen's lamp is smoking!' and that servant would have called to a footman to attend to it, and all the time the lamp would have gone on smoking; so I preferred to turn it down myself." 