322 AMERICAN SENTINEL. ,So also dwelt Isaac and Jacob, heirs with Abraham of the same promise, accepting with Abraham separation from every earthly State and country, confessing that they were strangers and pilgrims on the earth, looking for the country which God had prepared for them, and the city which hath foundations, whose builder and maker is God. And that they accepted this freely of their own choice, by faith in God, is shown bethe fact as rec.'rded, that, "Truly if they had been mindful of that country from which they came out. they might have had opportunity to have returned. But now they desire a better country, that is, an heavenly, wherefore God is not ashamed to be called their God, for he bath prepared for thein a city." This dealing of God with Abraham, and the record of it, were for the instruction of all the people who would believe God, from that time to the world's end. For Abraham was the called, the chosen, the friend of God; the father of all them that believe. And all they which be of faith are blest with faithful Abraham. And not the least element of instruction in this account of God's dealings with Abraham, is the great lesson it teaches that the religion of God means separation of religion and the State. . Further, "Now to Abraham and his seed were the promises made. He saith not unto seeds, as of many, but as of one, and to thy seed, which is Christ." There-fore the promises recorded and referred to in the script-ure, "To Abraham and his seed," are always to Abraham and Christ, and to Abraham in Christ. And therefore, "If ye be Christ's, then are ye Abraham's seed, and heirs according to the promise." And when Christ, that promised seed, came into the world a man amongst men, then in him, as formerly in Abraham, there was represented the religion of God and the church of Christ. And as such he ever maintained the same principle of separation of religion and the State which he himself had set before the world in the life and record of Abraham. He refused to recognize even by a sign, the wish of the people to make him king. He refused, when requested, to act the part of juJge or divider over men as to the rights of property. He refused to recognize the national lines of distinction, the wall of partition, which Israel in their exclusiveness had built up between themselves and other nations. He refused to judge or allow any others to judge any one for not believing on him. He distinctly declared that though he is a king, yet his kingdom is not of this world, and that it is not in any way connected with this world. He distinctly declared the separation of his religion from the State: "Render unto Caesar the things that are Cmsar's, and unto GodSthe things that are God's." And when he sent forth his disciples with his heavenly commission to preach the gospel of his king-dom, he sent them not to one particular nation, but to "Teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and the Son and the Holy Ghost." He sent them  to preach the gospel; not to one particular,, favored_ exclusive people, but "to every creature." Thus it is seen again that in every phase of the fun-damental principle of the religion of God and the church_ of Christ, from the beginning to the end of the world,. there is required the absolute separation of religion and the State: the total disconnection of his church from, every State and country in the world, and from the-world itself. THE New York World sums up the situation of the-governmental contest against the monopolies, by the re-mark that "in the campaign carried on by our patriotic legislators and Attorney-General against the Trust we have observed that although the Trusts are completely defeated in every engagement they are invariably found in possession of the battle-ground the next morning." " Christian " Atrocities. BY M. E. KELLOGG. THE above heading may strike our readers as a mis-nomer, and in one sense it is. No real Christian can do, an atrocious act, and hence such a thing as a Christian atrocity cannot be. But we have used the term "Chris-tian" here in the accommodated sense, the same as it is used in the expression "Christian nation." Christians do not fight; Christian nations do ;Ł Chris-tians do not take property from other Christians by vio-lence; Christian nations do; Christians with lowliness of mind esteem others better than themselves; a Christian nation looks with a high disdain upon other Christian nations and thinks itself and its institutions and ways the best. So there is a very great difference between the spirit of a Christian and the spirit of a Christian nationŠso. much so that we shall have to conclude, either that a Christian is not a Christian, or that a Christian nation has no right to such a high-sounding profession. If we apply the rule laid down by an inspired apostle, "He that doeth righteousness is righteous, even as he [Christ] is righteous," and "He that committeth sin is of the devil," to men and to nations, we shall be forced to the conclusion that Christians who have attained to. a righteous and peaceful life by faith in Christ are right-eous, are Christians, and may properly be called so.; but that nations which have not so attained but which prac-tise selfishness, fraud, robbery, and even murderŠmis-called warŠare not Christian at. all. And that they are not Christians, though often called so, we refer again to. the idea of Christian atrocities. Adopting the spirit and nomenclature of the times we note that the Moslems and Christians are fighting in Thessaly and in the island of Crete. The war broke out in Crete by a rebellion of the Christians against the Mos- 