258 THE A_MBRICA.N SENTINEL. is officially declared that it is impossible to be broken. And this declaration is made by the very men who are sent to Congress, and sit there under a solemn oath to support and defend the Constitu-tion of the United States;, Of what benefit is the\  Constitution of the United States, in its provision for, the separation of Church and State, when the men who take oath to support it, thus violate it, and when. the people are so careless and indifferent about the whole matter as to suffer it to go on year after year, with not a word of protest ? This is indeed a great question. And yet, as great a question as it is, and as great a question as it is acknowl-edged by Senator Dawes to be;  he considers any discussion of the question to be " un-profitable and in every possible light an unfortunate discussion." How is it possi-ble that the discussion of the great funda-mental principles of the United States Constitution can be unfortunate and un-profitable ? If this statement be true, then it was an unfortunate and unprofit-able thing for our fathers to put this principle in the Constitution at all; be-cause it is certain that every subject em-bodied in the Constitution is properly a subject of discussion. Therefore if the statement of Senator Dawes be true, that the discussion of the question as to whether the Government should be con-nected with parochial schools, in other words, whether there shall be a union of Church and StateŠif the discussion of that question can ever be unfortunate and unprofitable, then that is only to charge that the action of the fathers, in making such a provision in the Constitu-tion, was only unfortunate and unprofit-able. But Mr. Dawes even repeats this proposition. He says The present management was in favor of divor-cing the Government absolutely from them all, but it found it impossible to do that. Perhaps it would have been better, had the Indian education set out upon this principle, but it had gone so far and got so interwoven with the whole system of Indian education, that it was utterly impossible to retrace the step, and to avoid the precipitation upon the country of such a discussion as that, which could do no good anywhere. Senator Dawes is from Massachusetts. Does he express the opinion of the peo-ple of that State, when he declares the discussion of the question of national support to parochial schools to be un-fortunate, unprofitable, and such as can do no good anywhere ? Are the people of the United States, as a whole, ready to admit that the discussion of one of the greatest principles embodied in the United States Constitution, can ever be either un-fortunate or unprofitable, or such as can do no good anywhere ? We cannot be-lieve that such is the sentiment of the majority of the people of the United States, but we shall very soon know whether it is or not. If this is allowed to go on, as it has been going for the last  five years, and as Congress proposes to keep it going, without such a discus-sion throughout the whole country as the importance of the subject demands, then we shall know that Senator Dawes has rightly represented the matter; and then we shall likewise know how great a mis-take our fathers made, when they consid-ered that question of sufficient importance to make it one of the leading principles of the Constitution of the country. It is easy enough to understand how Senator Dawes, and other senators, should deem the discussion of this question to be unfortunate and unprofitable, and barren of good anywhere. These are politicians, and there are votes that depend upon the course they take; and therefore, it is easy to understand how they can count any question unprofitable that *ill put them into the place where the course which they may take may jeopardize votes. We speak this advisedly, because it stands on the face of the speech of Senator Dawes, all the way through. We do not remem-ber ever to have read a speech delivered in the halls of Congress, in which the essential characteristics of the political straddler were more openly displayed than in the speech of Senator Dawes on the Indian Appropriation Bill, in the Senate of the United States, July 24, 1890. He pretended to speak in support of the ad-ministration in its endeavor to divorce the Government from the parochial schools. He pretended to speak in opposition to the State aiding the church schools. He started out in a tone, and with a statement of facts which seemed as though he was determined to smite the evil with mighty blows, right and left. He seemed to be rallying all his strength for a mighty effort, that which might naturally be sup-posed to be intended to crush, as with a pile-driver, the whOle wicked scheme; but it ended every time in tickling as with a feather, all the churches concerned, and particularly the Roman Catholic Church. For instance, when he had given the items of appropriation of public money, to the amount of $2,060,369 in support of church schools, apparently with the idea of opposing any further appropriationŠafter he had thus raised this great ques-tion of giving aid to parochial schools, he then artfully dodged the issue, and passed off the discussion of this "great question" as one altogether " unfortunate," " un-profitable," etc. Again, when he had given facts which involve the Catholic Bureau of Missions in the playing of as clear a Jesuitical trick as ever was played, and upon which it would be naturally expected he would denounce the whole scheme, he mildly toned down the, vigorous array of facts, and partly apologized for it all, by say-ing :Š I had just as lief the Government money would go to carrying on that school, ,as any other denom-inational school; and if the Government is to go  further into this connection with denominational schools, it might as well do this. . . . If the Senate think it wise to go further, the Committee have nothing to say. Again,- he said of the Bureau of Catho-lic Missions, these words:Š They have been on the ground here for the last five years pushing Catholic schools upon the Govern-ment as earnestly as was in their power, and largely to that influence is attributed this great-  increase which has come to be three-fifths of all the appro-priations.- They are active still. And when he had shown that that Bureau in its activity and in open defiance of the Indian Bureau, and of the adminis-tration, had gone to Congress, and had got four additional schools, with the ap-propriation of thousands of dollars to each Šwhen he knew all this, and when he made the statement in his speech; yet in direct and immediate connection with these statements, he said this There is a very efficient, and urgent, and active Catholic Bureau of Missions in this city . . . which deserves both personally and in the purpose for which it is organized the highest commendation. I know personally those who are at the head of it, and I have taken occasion, with great pleasure, to say that they are men worthy of confidence. That is to say, here is a Bureau, an organized church - association, organized solely for the purpose of pushing Catho-lic schools upon the Government, and to secure Government money for the support of these schools in violation of the Consti-tution of the United States,; and yet, Sen-ator Dawes stands before the Nation and declares that that Bureau " both person-ally and in the purpose for which it was organized, deserves the highest commen-dation," and that the men who are at the head of it " are men worthy of confi-dence, " when he knew that the men at the head of that Bureau had played as deliberate a trick upon the United States, as could ever be played. How can the Constitution of the United States, how can the interests of the people, be safe in the hands of such men, and in. the pres-ence of such organizations ? And such are the reasons why the dis-cussion of this great question is considered unprofitable and unfortunate. It is true that such a discussion, as was carried on by Senator Dawes, is unprofitable and unfortunate. It is true that that cans  do no good, but only harm everywht.,-e. Because such pandering to the chtirai power, such a tickling with straws, and such compromising of the Constiteon, can have no other effect than to embolden the encroachments of the church power upon the Government, and the Constitu-tion, -until the whole shall be completely swallowed up. This is why it is considered impossible to divorce this, church power from the Government. This is why it is found impossible to retrace the steps already taken. Those who are in the place to retrace the steps; are so afraid of losing votes, so afraid of losing party prestige, 