12 AMERICAN SENTINEL. are wholly immaterial, as is also the allegation regard-ing the title to its property. The statute provides as to its property and makes no provision for its being held by any one other than itself. The facts above stated do not in the least change the legal character of the hospital, or make a; religious corporation out of a purely secular one as constituted by the law of its being. Whether the individuals who compose the corporation under its charter happen to be all Roman Catholics, or all Methodists, or Presbyterians, or Unitarians, or members of any other religious organization, or of no organization at all, is of not, the slightest consequence with reference to the law of its incorporation, nor can the individual beliefs upon religious matters of the vari-ous incorporators be inquired into. Nor is it material that the hospital may be conducted under the auspices of the Roman Catholic Church. To be conducted under the auspices is to be conducted under the influence or patronage of that church. The meaning of the allega-tion is that the church exercises great and perhaps con-trolling influence over the management of the hospital. It must, however, be managed pursuant to the law of its being. That the influence of any particular church may be powerful over the members of a non-sectarian and secu-lar corporation, incorporated for a certain defined pur-pose and with clearly stated powers, is surely not suf-ficient to convert such a corporation into a religious or sectarian body. That fact does not alter the legal char-acter of the corporation, which is incorporated under an act of Congress', and its powers, duties and character are to be solely measured by the charter under which it alone has any legal existence. There is no allegation that its hospital work is confined to members of that church or that in its management the hospital has been conducted so as to violate its charter in the smallest degree. It is simply the case of a secular corporation being managed by people who hold to the doctrines of the Roman Catholic Church, but who nevertheless are managing the corporation according to the law under which it exists. The charter itself does not limit the exercise of its corporate powers to the members of any particular religious denomination, but on the contrary those powers are to be exercised in favor of any one seeking the ministrations of that kind of an institution. All that can be said of the corporation itself is that it has been incorporated by an act of Congress, and for its legal powers and duties that act must be exclusively referred to. 'As stated in the opinion of the Court of Appeals, this corporation "is not declared the trustee of any church or religious society. Its property is to be ac-quired in its own name and for its own purposes; that property and its business are to be managed in its own way, subject to no visitation, surpervision, or control by any ecclesiastical authority whatever, but only to  that of the government which created it. In respect then to its creation, organization, management and ownership of property it is an ordinary private corpor-ation whose rights are determinable by the law of the land, and the religious opinions of whose members are not subjects of inquiry." . . The act of Congress, however, shows there is nothing sectarian in the corporation, and "the specific and lim-ited object of its creation" is the opening and keeping a hospital in the city of Washington for the care of such sick and invalid persons as may place themselves under the treatment and care of the corporation. To make the agreement was within the discretion of the Commis-sioners, and was a fair exercise thereof. The right reserved in the third section of the charter to amend, alter or repeal the act leaves full power in Congress to remedy any abuse of the charter privileges. Without adverting to any other objections to the maintenance of this suit, it is plain that complainant wholly fails to set forth a cause of action, and the bill was properly dismissed by the Court of Appeals, and its decree will, therefore, be Affirmed. Already They Ask for a Million Dollars. THE SENTINEL some time ago called attention to the probability of a demand for indemnity by the Cath-olic Church upon the Government, for damage to church property caused by the war in Cuba, Puerto Rico, and the Philippines. From the following, which appeared in the Pittsburg Catholic, of November 29, it appears that this demand has begun to be made:Š "The church authorities, represented in this country by Cardinal Gibbons mid Archbishop Chapelle, the papal delegates to the Philippines, have taken steps to get pay from the United States Government for the damages done church property by American troops in Cuba, Puerto Rico, and the Philippines. They have retained Dr. Jose Ignacio Rodriguez, of Washington, to represent the church. "Dr. Rodriguez, who already represents Cubans and Spanish who have claims against this Government for millions on account of the Spanish war and the Cuban insurrection that preceded it, has had a number of in-terviews with Secretary Root, with whom he has filed several dozen separate claims. "Secretary Root, it is asserted, agrees with Dr. Rod-riguez, that this Government is liable for the damages caused either by the few acts of vandalism and the many acts of occupation of convents and hospitals which have been done by direction of 'American officers. "Dr. Rodriguez will present a claim for rent for the occupation by American troops of a convent in Havana. soldiers have been using this building, which, under the terms of the treaty of peace. is the property of the congregation which supports it, for many months with-out paying rent. "There is aNuestion whether the debts so contracted 