6 ME AN/LE-RICAN SENTINEL. batch of these persecuting prosecutions to confirm the statements printed in its own columns? It seems to us that the Cynosure is- exceedingly hard to convince. As for commenting on the matter the Cyno-sure did that vigorously, and very properly condemned the persecuting proceedings, and asked that the names and the jails should be published at once, while as yet it was a mere matter of report; but since the facts have been given, and the names and the jails have been published in its own columns, not a word has the Cynosure had to say on the subject. And when we published the Cyno-sure's report in full, and commented on it in our columns, that paper turns upon us, and accuses its own article of wearing " an aspect of extravagance," and demands "confirma-tion " of its own published report before " commenting on " it. As the editor of the Cynosure seems not to be acquainted with the matter he printed in his own paper, we will give him some refer-ences. Please look at the Cynosure of July 29, 1886, editorial page, and the editor's com-ment, and call, for names and jails will there be found; then look at its correspondents' columns in the Cynosure of August 12, 1886, and there will be found the names of the persons, places, and jails, and with these the "long list of fines and imprisonments" and the facts, which seem to the editor of the Cynosure to wear so much of " an aspect of extravagance." We hope the editor of the Cynosure will examine the articles referred to, for we very much desire to see what comments he will make upon the facts. If the Cynosure must still wait for more confirmation, we know not how it can be sate  isfied except by repetition of the persecution; but to report such repetition would be only adding more extravagance to that which al-ready has appeared. We agree with the Cyno-sure that the facts of this persecution do wear an aspect of extravagance. In fact we know not how the matter could be more extravagant without bordering very closely upon the man-ners and methods of the Romish Inquisition. Yet as the outcome of the National Reform movement will be to make such extravagance National, and as the Cynosure is heartily in favor of National Reform, there appears no ground of hope that we shall ever see in the columns of the Christian Cynosure any just Comments upon such persecuting extravagance. A. T. J. The Situation of the Present as Related to the Past. Ix reading the lives of Sohn and Charles Wesley, one is astonished at the unreasonable prejudice manifested against the labors of these men. They were frequently set upon by mobs, and miserably abused when they had commit-ted no, offense except preaching plain Bible truths without conforming to all the burden-SoMe ritual of the Established Church. But any attempt at a description of the opposition they had to meet would be out of place in this Short article. The point which I wish to no-tice is the opinion that was entertained by the reformers of those times regarding ministers  meddling themselves much in matters of civil government. Dr. Whitehead was a personal friend of John Wesley, and one of three to whom Mr. Wesley willed all his manuscript. From this manuscript the Doctor wrote the authorized lives of the Wesleys. In this book he expresses the sentiment of his fellow-laborers. In this work he publishes an account of a Methodist minister named Westall, preaching at Cam bourn;  England, in the year 1751. The serv-ices were held in the house of one Mr. Harris. In the midst of the discourse he was assaulted by a mob and forcibly taken from the house. This was on Sunday. He was held by them until the following Tuesday, at which time the Rev. Dr. Borlase issued his mittimus, by virtue of which Westall was to be committed to the house of correction at .Bodmin as a va- grant. He was kept in charge at that place until the next quarter, when the justices met and decided the action illegal. This circum-stance caused Mr. Whitehead to remark as follows:Š - "How seldom have we seen clergymen in the commission of the peace, but they have neglected the duties of their profession, and grossly abused the power committed to them! Our Lord declared his kingdom was not of this world, and when his ministers, of any denomination, obtain dominion and authority over the temporal things of others, or acquire any share in the civil government, it seems as if a curse attended everything they do. They mar whatever they meddle with, and occasion infinite confusion and mischief." It will be seen from the above expressiOn of sentiment that the early Methodists were far from favoring the meddling of ministers with the civil government. As they sought God in earnest prayer for divine aid, they could realize something of the inconsistency of a church professing to follow the meek and lowly Saviour, and yet at the same time en-deavoring to force every one to worship God just as they did. In their condition they could measure the enormity of the crime attached to the persecution of the righteous, because they chanced to be on the side of the few. These representative pioneers could then pass sweeping condemnation upon the very things now so earnestly sought after by their pro- fessed followers. It is to be supposed that there are honest, God-fearing people not on the popular side of some of the theological problems of our times. What shall these expect- from ,the reverend magistrates when all Christian laws, institu-tions, and usages (as they shall interpret them) shall be placed on an undeniable legal basis in the 'fundamental law of the nation? Will any one have an occasion to complain of these clerical officials then as Dr. Whitehead and Wesley remonstrated against them in their day ? Are men so much better now than they were then that they make to us a great blessing out of what proved to be such a curse then? If mankind has improved so much since Wesley's time that there is no danger of civil power being prostituted for partisan pur-poses, ;we would then suppose that the people are so far enlightened that they could become religious without the aid of a theocracy -to coerce them into the service of ill-el-Jo:id:- Covtitt-- Our One Hundred Thousand Rulers. [IT will be noticed that the following article is on the same subject as one already printed in the December number of the SENTINEL. The writer of that article was absent from the office when he wrote it, and this article was written several days before that one reached the office. Consequently this article was laid over, and that one was printed. This is not printed now because we think that jus-tice was not done in the other, but because it was already written and because it treats the subject so differently that really there is no repetition.] In the SENTINEL for June we inserted the following: "The National Reform party pro- poses ,to make Christ king of the United States, and yet they maintain that the Gov- ernment must still remain a republic! Will, the Christian Statesman or some other one of the advocates of this 'reform' tell us how this thing can be ?" Rev. M. A. Gault found this item in the SENTINEL, and in it he found something with which he could make his voice to clash, and so, in the Christian Statesman of October 14, he has undertaken to tell us just how this thing can be; and this is how he does it:Š "If you would study ,your Bible more before you spring into the arena to champion the anti;National Reform cause, you would know that the model of Government which Christ gave to Israel was much more republican than that of the United.  States. All their rulers were elected by the people, while there are one hundred thousand of ours in whose elec-tion the people have no voice." Mark it; reader, in the "model of govern-ment which Christ gave to Israel," "all their raters were elected by the peOple.'' We know not exactly what time it is to which Mr: Gault refers as the one when Christ gave to Israel their "model of Government." We do not know whether he refers to the time- when Moses was chosen; or when the seventy elders were chosen; or when the judges were chosen; or when Saul was chosen; and so not knowing to which time it is that he refers we shall have to notice all four of these, and of course the first one to which we come where the rulers were elected by the people, that must be the time, and that the " model of Govern-ment" received from Christ, to which Mr: Gault refers. If the gentleman refers- to the "model of government" that was instituted when MoSes was chosen, then we should like very Mitch for hitri to tell us about how many, if any, of " the people " were at the burning bush when-Hoses was elected. Exodus 3. If Mr. Gault refers to the " model of gov-ernment " instituted at the time the seventy elders were chosen, then we would refer him to the following scripture: "And the Lord [not the people] said unto Moses, Gather unto me seventy men of the elders of Israel, whom thou knowest to be the elderS of the people, and officers over them; and bring them unto the tabernaele-of the Congregation, that they may stand there with thee. And I will come down and talk with them there; and I will take of the Spirit which is upon thee, and will put it upon them. And Moses went out, and told the peOple the words of the Lord, and gathered= the4eventY men of Iliezeldeig ihe-peOiale 