242 A.MDEELICA.N. VoL. 10, No. 31. the United States; not as perverted by the Supreme Court decision of February 29, 1892, but as it stood when our fathers had written into it: " Congress shall make no law respect-ing an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." And just as men deprived of water, love to think of " purling streams and crystal f oun tains," of rolling rivers and wave-swept lakes, so Christian patriots, men who, living in all good conscience, render to Cwsar the things that are Camar's, and to God the things that are God's, love to look upon the banner of civil liberty, even though that which it represents has been denied them; yea, even though their hearts bleed for the wrongs which they suffer, and for the violence done to that freedom once cherished, but now lightly esteemed by so many who know not its worth; for they know that religious rights are as lasting as the rock-ribbed hills or snow - capped mountains, yea, that they are as eternal as the Ever-lasting King who gave them; that such rights " are not exercised in virtue of governmental indulgence, but as rights, of which govern-ment cannot deprive any portion of citizens however small;" and that though despotic power may invade those rights, " justice still confirms them." And they with the poet can say:Š Knaves have stolen thee, Old Glory, For their Babylonian bowers; From their festal walls and towers Droops the flag that once was ours; O'er their crimes thy beauty trails, And the old-time answer fails When from chain-gangs, courts and jails Men appeal to thee, Old Glory. * The flag is not a god, but in the providence of God it stands as the high water-mark of human liberty. But alas! as the sacred name of Christ has been made the cloak of most unchristian acts, so this providential symbol of liberty, has been made the covering for most revolting crimes against the most sacred rights of men. And as Madame Roland, on her way to the guillotine, bowed before the clay statue of Liberty erected in the Place de la Revolution, exclaimed: "Liberty! Liberty! how many crimes are committed in thy name;" so Seventh-day Adventists can to-day salute the stars and stripes with these words: " 0 banner of liberty, what crimes are committed under thy ample folds! what wrongs are done in thy name! what injustice and. oppression is practiced by those who are sworn to main-tain the principles by which thou wast be-gotteri! " " Corrupted freemen are the worst of slaves;" and we have fallen upon evil times, when men know not what true liberty means. Some in the mad pursuit of wealth, others in the fierce struggle for existence, have forgotten that he who fails to protest against the persecution of his neighbor, thereby virtually forfeits the right to protest when he is himself persecuted. Channing has well said: "The spirit of liberty is not merely, as multitudes imagine, a jeal-ousy of our own particular rights, but a re-spect for the rights of others, and an unwil-lingness that any man, whether high or low, should be wronged." It was the purpose of the founders of this Government to erect, if possible, impassable barriers against religious bigotry and intol-erance. As remarked by the compiler of " American State Papers Bearing on Religious Legislation" :Š Both Jefferson and Madison were opposed to the States having anything whatever to do with regulating religious observances of any kind; and the liberal spirit supported them. But as this spirit is supplanted by self-interests, the intolerance of State Churchism again manifests itself in reviving the old religious *From " Old Glory," by James G. Clark, in Arena for May.  laws, and prosecuting Sabbatarians for Sunday labor, etc. Jefferson, foreseeing this, desired to have all religious laws swept from the statute books, not willing to have them remain as a dead letter, which might at any time be revived by the partisan zealot. In his "Notes on Virginia," query xvii, Jef-ferson says:Š " Besides, the spirit of the times may alter, will alter. Our rulers will become corrupt, our people careless. A single zealot may commence persecution, and better men be his victims. It can never be too often repeated, that the time for fixing every essential right on a legal basis, is while our rulers are honest, and ourselves united. From the conclusion of this war we shall be going down hill. It will not then be necessary to resort every moment to the people for support. They will be forgotten, therefore, and their rights disregarded. They will forget themselves, but in the sole faculty of making money, and will never think of uniting to effect a due respect for their rights. The shackles, therefore, which shall not be knocked off at the conclusion of this war, will remain on us long, will be made heavier and heavier, till our rights shall revive or expire in a convulsion." In the light of current events, Jefferson's words seem almost prophetic. The spirit of the times have altered; our rulers have, many of them, become corrupt; and the question has been repeatedly asked of petitioners for justice, " How many are there of you? Have you political influence ?" Our people have become careless, and in scores of cases a few bigots have commenced persecution and better men have been their victims. But neither the Declaration of Independence, the Constitution of the United States, nor the banner which rep-resents them is to blame; neither is deliverance to be found in any nor in all of these. The fault lies at the door of fallen human nature, and the remedy is the power of God; for such things will be until He comes, whose right all dominion is, for Isis alone is a right-eous rule. And the divine promise is: " At that time shall thy people be delivered; every one that shall be found written in the book." " INCONVENIENT CITIZENS " VERSUS UNJUST LAWS. AMONG the papers that have defended per-secution of Seventh-day Adventists in the South, is the Atlanta Constitution; but evi-dently the Constitution would like to be fair, if it only knew how. In its issue of July 18th, occurs the following:Š The Seventh-day Adventists. Speaking of the efforts to get the Supreme Court to come to the relief of the Seventh-day Adventists in Tennessee and Georgia, who have been sent to the chain-gang for doing secular work on Sunday, the Chicago Tribune says:Š " The question of religion appears to be one of those which the framers of the Constitution deemed it best to leave entirely to the States. At the time when the Constitution was adopted Connecticut had an estab-lished churchŠthe Congregational oneŠand in all the States the Sunday observance laws were infinitely more rigid than they are now. In many of them Sun-day travel was forbidden, Sunday amusements of the mildest character were not tolerated, and the man who thought it wrong to work Saturday was told no one would force him to work on that day, but that if he worked on that day which the majority of the people looked on as holy, he would suffer for it. " It rather seems, therefore, as if those who com-plain of the religious laws of the States in which they live, will have to look to the State for redress and not to the National Government, which does not seem to have any more to do with the Sunday question than with the marriage and divorce question.' This is a fair statement of the situation. But it is said that the Tennessee authorities will soon have an-other question to decide. The Adventists say that no punishment and no human power can force them to work on Saturday, their Sabbath. If they gain this point, the chain-gang will get only five days' work in the week out of them. Upon the whole, these scrupulous religionists are very inconvenient citizens to have in a community. When at liberty they want to disregard our Sunday, but in the chain-gang they will claim two rest days in the week: Saturday, as a matter of conscience, and Sunday, as a matter of law. The cases will make trouble. It is impossible to  deal with it justly and at the same time satisfacto-rily. The statement quoted from the Chicago Tribune is doubtless " fair" in the sense, that the writer of it had no intention to mis-represent the case, or to do injustice to the persecuted Adventists. It is, moreover, prob-ably true that the United States Supreme Court would take that view of the matter; but this does not necessarily follow from the facts stated by the Tribune. It is true, that as originally adopted, the National Constitution left the matter of religion entirely with the States; but it is far from an unreasonable proposition that the First and Fourteenth Amendments to the Constitution have very materially changed all this. The First Amend-ment provides that " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, . or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." The Fourteenth Amendment provides that " no State shall make or enforce any law that shall abridge the privilegesaor immunities of citizens of the United States." Certainly, under the First Amendment, freedom from all legal and statutory inter-ference in matters of religion, is one of the privileges of every citizen of the United States; and as such it is guaranteed by the Fourteenth Amendment. This being true, we ask, how in the name of law and justice can any State abridge this privilege of citizens of the United States? But the most serious and inexcusable state-made by the Constitution is that, Adventists when at liberty, " want to disregard our Sun-day; but in the chain-gang they will claim two rest days in the week: Saturday, as a matter of conscience, and Sunday, as a matter of law." It is very certain that no Adventist will work in the chain-gang, or anywhere else, on the Sabbath. All the tortures of the Inquisi-tion would be powerless to compel a true Seventh-day Adventist to thus violate his conscience, either by breaking the fourth commandment or any other commandment of the Decalogue, But it is not true that any Adventist would likewise claim the privilege of " Sunday as a matter of law." Ł Adventists, it is true, hold themselves under no obligation to work in the chain-gang, though thus far they have done so, when so commanded by the officers having them in charge. But they would as soon work on Sunday in the chain-gang as to work there upon any other day; and they would doubtless do so, were any State to be so inconsistent as to imprison them for doing private work on Sunday, and then require them to do public work in the chain-gang upon that day. The Constitution says: " The cases will make trouble. It is impossible to deal with it [them] justly, and at the same time satisfac-torily." Yes; these cases will make trouble so long as the various States insist on putting men in prison and working them in the chain-gang for exercising a constitutional, natural, God-given right; because, whether or not, it is a right guaranteed by the Constitution of the United States to work on Sunday, there is not a single State constitution but contains an even more explicit guarantee of religious lib-erty than does the National Constitution; and in every State this guarantee of religious lib-erty is violated under the operations of the so-called Sunday laws. But why should these cases make trouble? The Sunday " law " of Georgia is violated every week in a thousand ways, and yet no trouble is made about it. The Atlanta Con-stitution issues a Sunday edition in flagrant violation of the statute' of that State, but we 