74 THE ANIEFZICA-N of the workingman so much at heart, have been neglectful of their opportunities, or they would have known that Lent was perpetuated solely in the interest of working people. Read the follow-ing from "The Puritans and Queen Elizabeth," by Dr. Samuel Hopkins (Gould and Lincoln, 1860), Vol. 2, pp. 73-75 :Š "A remarkable English reason for observing fast-days, and particularly the Lent Fast, is forced upon our notice by an order of the Council to the Archbishop on the thirteenth day of December. "It was a matter of State policyŠand wise, be-ing insular policyŠthat ' the numbers of cattle should be increased, and that the abundance of fish which the sea yieldeth should be generally re-ceived. Besides, there should be great considera-tion had for the preservation of a navy and main-tenance of convenient numbers of sea-faring men, both which would otherwise decay, if some means were not found whereby they might be increased.' King Edward VI. and his Council were of this mind. By proclamation January 16, 1547-48, 'the king allowed that men should on fast-days abstain from food of flesh to subdue the body unto the soul and spirit. And also for worldly and civil policy, to spare flesh and use fish for the ben-efits of the commonwealth where many be fishers, . . . and that the nourishment of the land might be increased by saving flesh, and especially at the spring-time when Lent doth commonly fall, and when the most common and plenteous breeding of flesh is, . . . and that divers of the king's subjects have good livings and riches in uttering and selling such meat as the sea and waters do minister unto us.' These reasons were so highly appreciated that the Parliament, which met in the next November, enacted a law for ob-serving fasting-days, which contains the very rea-sons given in this proclamation. " But the Puritan aversion to everything which savored of superstition and of slavery to Rome, had turned against ceremonial, periodical fastings ; and thus the fish-days of the church had fallen into general disrepute and desuetude. The fisher-men found their occupation on the wane, and prayed to the Council for help. "The Council, therefore, interfered; and, in terms unusually clear, set forth their reasons. Addressing a letter to the Archbishop, they wrote : The laws t a. the observation of Embring and Fifty Days are not so duly observed as they ought to be, and as is requisite in policy for the maintenance of mariners, fishermen, and the navy Ł of the realm. Her Highness bath therefore given strait charge unto her own household for the ob-servance of those days; and also, to the Lord Mayor of the City of London and other of her Majesty's officers and loving subjects abroad, to the intent . . . the State might take such benefit by the laws as was at the time of making intended. Which, we can assure your Lordship, is the only cause why at this time the observation of the days is so much urged. . . . We have thought good to require your Lordship to give order within your province, that the ministers and preachers be commanded in their sermons to the people to instruct them to conform themselves and their families to the said laws; and further to declare unto them, that the same is not re-quired for any liking of Popish ceremonies hereto-fore used (which are utterly detested), but only to maintain the mariners and navy in this land, by setting men a-fishing." If our Catholic and Episcopal friends wish to  enforce the observance of Lent, there is an abun-dance of ground on which they can do so, aside from its ecclesiastical character. What does it matter if it did originate with the church ? Peo-ple generally eat too much anyway, and it would be for the benefit of their health if they would fast a little. So let our Sunday-law friends be consistent, and while they legislate in behalf of the workingman, let them not forget Lent. E. J. w. Who Is to Be Judge? IN his speech before the National Sunday Convention, in Washington, in accepting the presidency of the American Sunday Union, Col. Elliott F. Shepard said:Š "Every man, woman, and child in our country is going to be judged by the fourth commandment." We do not in the least question the truthful-ness of this statement; we believe it. But a question which is of very great importance is, By whom are they to be judged? In the Bible we read of "God the judge of all;" and that "he hath appointed a day in the which he will judge the world in righteousness by that man whom he hath ordained; whereof he bath given assurance unto all men, in that he hath raised him from the dead." Acts 17: 31. And we also read that "we must all appear before the judgment-seat of Christ; that everyone may receive the things done in his body, according to that he hath done, whether it be good or bad." 2 Cor. 5 :10. But these texts do not seem to have any connection with a National Sunday law. Remember that this remark by Colonel Shep-ard was a part of his speech in favor of a Sun-day law. Now if in his reference to the judgment, he meant the general Judgment at the last day, there could be no argument in it for a Sunday law, for the Lord already has a law by which to judge the world, and human enactments, even though they were perfectly in harmony with it, could not add anything to its power. It must be that he intends for this Government to judge every man, women, and child on the basis of the fourth commandment. If this is not putting whoever shall be at the head of the judiciary in this Government in the place of God, we do not know how the thing could be done. Whichever way you look at it, Mr. Shepard's speech shows that religious legislation is what they are after. If they say that the Government is to do the judging of violations of the fourth commandment, then they show that they are usurping God's place as Judge of all. If the United States should proceed to judge a man for violating a law of Germany, it would soon find itself in trouble ; and can we think that God will be any less tolerant of infringements upon his prerogatives? Let the United States Govern-ment proceed to enforce the fourth command-ment, and to judge men for violation thereof, and it will find that although the trouble may be delayed, it will be terrible when it does come. If, however, they disclaim any idea of having United States judges passing judgment in place of God, and say that God himself is to be the Judge, but that this country is merely to pass laws so that the people will be prepared for a favorable verdict in that great day, then they admit that their Sunday legislation is religious legislation. By that very act they deny that religion is a man's personal relation of faith and obedience to God. They make the law of the  land do more than the work of a preacher; they make it compel men to prepare for the- judgment of God, whether they wish to or not. We believe that all men ought to keep all the commandments of God ; but we protest against the plan of turning the Government into a relig-ious machine, for the manufacture of machine Christians. When they pass their Sunday law, the United States will be -a vast religious ma-chine, but it will make, not Christians, but only the semblance of Christians, and that means hypocrites. Before that time the Christianity will have disappeared entirely from the religion of the land. Religion and State may be united, but Christianity and State never can be. What They Are Doing. A DELEGATION from the committee of one hun-dred of Boston, Mass., appeared before the Senate Committee on Education and Labor, February 22, and pleaded for the passage of the joint reso-lution now pending in the Senate, which proposes to amend the Constitution of the United States, so as to admit the teaching of the Christian religion in the public schools. The plea of the Boston delegation was wholly based on their statements that the influence of the Catholic Church has be-come such that they are encroaching upon the public-school system through the teaching of their religious faith. The opposition to the proposed amendment argued that if such were .the case then legislation of the kind contemplated in the resolution would only plunge the public-school system and the country at large into deeper trouble. The speaker maintained that in case the principles of the Christian religion were to be taught in all schools, it would be necessary to have those prin-ciples established by a council of theologians from all denominatians. Of course Catholics could not well be denied a representation in such a council And if their influence is already dan-gerously strong, their presence in a national coun-cil to decide the question as to what constitutes the principles of the ',Christian religion, would certainly influence that council in favor of Catho-lic doctrine. It follows, then, that, instead of the teaching of their doctrines being confined to their parochial schools, the essence of them would be taught in all the schools of the country. The schools, in that case, would be tainted with secta-rian teaching, which would be not only opposed to the declaration of the resolution itself, but would. also be subversive of religious liberty, because then those who do not believe the tenets of that faith would be taxed to have it taught in the public schools, and to their own children. At this point Senator Blair, the chairman of the committee, objected, saying that it was not necessary to have the principles of the Christian religion decided by any such council, but that the courts would decide whether the points taught were proper, just the same as they could determine whether grammar or geography were being rightly set before the pupils. But it was retorted by the opposition, that, as the statutes of the country in no way define what are the prin-ciples of the Christian religion, then the judges must decide the matter in accordance with their sectarian training. In one case the judge might be a Methodist, in another a Baptist, and in still another a Presbyterian. Would not schools in all such districts become purely sectarian schools? Certainly, and by such an amendment as is pro- 