362 THE Ali/TM:RICAN SENTINEL. which were necessary when the Jews were sur-rounded by most corrupting forms of heathenism, the standard by which to determine the applica-tion of the same principles under a Christian republic, is a step backward, worthy of the dark- est period of the middle ages. According to this document, might is right in religious matters. And while the writer insists, in another part of the same document, that the law has no right "to ._enforce upon anyone the religious features of the day," he here assumes that the first relig- ious features of the day, viz., cessation from secular business, must be enforced, even upon those who conscientiously regard another day. Mr. Crafts' illiberalism does not stop with the Jews. Chris-tians who observe the Sabbath are placed in the same category, and their rights are openly ignored in a similar way. Witness the following:Š "The one or two very small sects of Christians who worship on Saturday, holding, as they do, that the observance of one day in seven for rest and wor-ship is necessary for personal and political self-preser-vation by a law of God as old as the race, are not less inconsistent than the Jews in seeking to break down such an observance in all who will not observe the day which their method of Bible interpretation has pointed out. The tendency of legislatures and executive offi-cers toward those who claim to keep a Saturday-Sab-bath, is to overleniency rather than overstrictness. For instance, the laws of Rhode Island allow Seventh-day Baptists, by special exception, to carry on pub-lic industries on the first day of the week in Hopkin-ton and Westerly, in each of which places they ' form about one-fourth of the population. This local-option method of Sabbath legislation, after the fash-ion of Rhode -Island or Louisiana, if generally adopted, would make not only each State, but the nation also, a town heap, some places having two half-Sabbaths, as at Westerly, some having no Sab-bath, as at New Orleans, to the great confusion and injury of interstate commerce, and even of local industry. Iiifinitely less harm is done by the usual policy, the only constitutional or sensible one, to let the insignificantly small minority of less than one in a hundred, whose religious convictions require them to rest on Saturday (unless their work is of a private character such as the law allows them to do on Sun-day), suffer the loss of one day's wages rather than have the other ninety-nine suffer by the wrecking of their Sabbath by;public business." Here it is asserted that the tendency of civil government toward Seventh-day Baptists is to "overleniency" rather than to overstrictuess, and because, in two townships in the State of Rhode Island, Seventh-day Baptists are permit-ted to carry on public business on the first day of the week, Dr. Crafts apprehends great danger to the interests of the nation, lest by an exten-sion of this policy the nation will become a "town heap; some places having two Sabbaths, as at Westerly, some having no Sabbath, as at New Orleans, to the great confusion and injury of inter-state commerce and even of local industry." In view of such an appalling danger to the nation, he declares that it is infinitely less harmful "that the insignificantly small minority of less than one in a hundred" should "suffer the loss of one day's wages 'rather than for the other ninety- nine to suffer by the destruction of Sunday." How terribly dangerous to the welfare of the na- tion this insignificantly small minority of "less than one in a hundred" is! How evident it is that the permission granted to the Seventh-day Baptists in Hopkinton and Westerly has produced widespread Sabbathlessuess in the United States. True, few people knew anything about Hopkins ton or Westerly until the appearance of DiŁ. Crafts' book. But who can fail to see ,that Sun- day trains, Sunday newspapers, the crowds" at Coney Island, the riotings in the beer-gardens of  Cincinnati, the theater-going which abounds in New Orleans, and the bull-fights in Spanish Mexico, have arisen directly from the influence of this "local-option" method of permitting the Seventh-day Baptists, in two towns in the State of Rhode Island, to enjoy their God-given, rights under the civil law? Where is the school-boy who is not able to trace the under-ground currents by which the baneful influence of these Rhode Island Seventh-day Baptists (for they have been there for more than two hundred years), has crossed the continent, passed under the Rockies, and brought about the repeal of the "California Sunday law." How is it possible not to see, on the other hand, that if the "insignificantly small mi-nority" of Seventh-day Baptists, Seventh-day Adventists, and Jews, were wholly deprived of their civil rights, so far as the Sabbath 'is con-cerned, and were compelled to fold their hands in idleness on Sunday, all interstate commerce on Sunday would cease, the enormous issue of the Sunday newspaper would soon be a thing of the past, and universal quiet, peace, and relig-ious worship would obtain, "where'er the sun doth his successive journeys run." While there is no other way to meet such big-otry as is set forth in Mr. Crafts' utterances, the brush of, sarcasm is yet not sufficient to paint the - medieval bigotry which is contained in his high-sounding sentences. If the principle enunciated by him, that the majority alone is to be protected as to conscience, were enforced, the scene would change at once, and the comparatively few who now seek religious services on Sunday, would be compelled to desist therefrom, lest their expres-sion of religious regard might throw too somber a shade over the jollity and pleasure seeking of the masses. Every effort to sustain the position set forth in this Document, No. 2, reveals the fact that the just province of the civil law is to grant uni-form protection to all worshipers, at any time, and on any day when they seek rest and worship. On no other ground, can the doctrine of religious liberty be sustained. The fact that the great evils complained of in connection with Sunday desecration exist, wholly independent from, and beyond the influence of, the Christians who keep the Sabbath, and ask the privilege of treating Sunday as an ordinary secular day, destroys all foundation for the assertions that if Sabbath-keepers be granted their constitutional rights, in-jury will accrue to the commonwealth. Worst of all, this sneering at the "insignificant minority" is the language of bigotry and tyranny. It shames this century of Protestant history. -  Ł .  THE Christian Commonwealth of July 25 re-lates that the Moslem preacher of Liverpool pub-licly rebuked the Prince of Wales for teaching the Shah of Persia to gamble. He had never known the vice till it was taught hini by a so-called Christian prince. The above journal says: " It seems to us extremely disgraceful that just at the time when the Church of England is waking up to the enormity of this vice, and is becoming sensible of the extent of its spread, the future head of that church Should be teaching a Mohammedan how to add another vice to the list of those which he .habit-ually practices." _ And this shows the beauty of an established re-ligion. According to law the Prince of Wales, should he become king Of England, would be the head of the Established Church ; but law can never make ChristianS.ŠSigns of the Times. I '4  ADDRESS all orders communications, etc., for the AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. The Sunday Newspaper. -CHRISTIAN and thinking men have expressed much anxiety concerning the influence of the Sunday newspapers on the morals and religious sentiments of the community and the increase of Sabbath-breaking. The marvelous growth of this department of journalism is worthy of atten-tion. Many of the prosperous city dailies issue Sunday numbers. And what is remarkable, the Sunday issue is the largest in size and circula-tion. They also put into this issue the produc--tions of their best writers. It is said that they pay higher rates per column than for articles in their week-day issues. Thus they make the Sun-day paper the most attractive. The Baltimore American has ordinarily only six or eight pages on any other day ; but on Sun-day it has twelve and sometimes sixteen pages. So the New York Tribune is sent forth on Sunday with a larger amount of matter than on any other morning. The Philadelphia Press of last Sun-day is before me, with three large sheets, or twelve pages (eighteen 'by twenty-four inches), of care-fully -written articles oil all variety of subjects. The same can be said of the Sunday papers gen-erally in all the great cities of the country. The publishers exercise great care to secure the choic-est productions of the pens of the most popular writers. They pay in proportion to the literary excellence or attractiveness of -time contributions. They gather news from all parts of the world, and from all the departments of human interest, to enrich the Sunday issue. What arm amount of choice and entertaining reading is thus put into a single number ! Take, for example, the copy of the Philadelphia Press of last Sunday.. There we have- a graphic description of the king, or khedive, of Egypt, with his gorgeous palaces, his kingdom, his family, his home life,_ his ability as a statesman, written by one of the best-known and popular Writers of the day.' Then- we look far-ther, and find much of an entertaining and in-structive character about Russia, India, Africa, Germany, England,-  with its statesmenŠthe polit-ical bodies of that country, the political situation of Europe, full _accounts froni every part of our own country, literature, art, society, amusements of all kinds, from the best concerts and dramatic performances to the low base-ball and horse-race and prize=fight, with cheap illustrations and pict-ures. The New York Sunday issues are of the same character, as are those also of the great cit-ies of- the West. --Why do the shrewd publishers put so much money and so much brain work and journalistic excellence into their Sunday papers? The answer is a shnple one: It pays. That number secures the largest num-ber of readers and buyers. Their circulation, from twenty thousand up to fifty thousand, stimulates this enterprise. There is more newspaper reading by those who buy secular papers on Sunday morning than on any other day of the week. There is a public demand for the ablest Sunday newspaper, and hence the supply. The universal laws of business create this journal. While the demand continues, the supply will be forthcom-ing. No clamor against it by lovers of Sabbath consecration, no rebukes from the pulpit, no con-demnation by the religious press, can stop it so long as the public calls for it. It is indeed to be regretted that hundreds of thousands in the cit-ies of the country spend the sacred hours of the Lord's day in such reading, instead of public and private worship. _ Lament it as we may, we can-not ignore the fact. I have not the statistics at - 