AMERICAN SENTINEL. 711 were to be exempt because they were not conscientious about the Sabbath one way or another. People who disregarded the law entirely, by violating it merely for their own pleasure, and had no conscience about Sab-bath observance, were good citizens such as the State wanted; especially when they took pains to see that con-scientious Sabbath-keepers were prosecuted for doing only what was allowed by the law on Sunday as a work of necessity or mercy ! But the point above all others to be noted in the case, is that the men were prosecuted because they be- longed to a religious denominationŠ"small and ob-scure," the prosecuting attorney put itŠwhich objected to Sunday observance on religious grounds; that no pre-tense was made by the prosecution that the case rested upon civil grounds, but on the contrary, it was boldly avowed to rest upon the purely religious offense of a vio-lation of "the sanctity of the Christian Sabbath;" and, still further than all this, that all law, even the Sunday law itself, was entirely ignored, and Proceedings were taken, without law, against these observers of the sev-enth day, because they had violated a mere religious sentiment. And to-day, these two men are in Centreville jail without having been convicted of any legal offense even under the Sunday law of the State; but for the of-fense of belonging to h people who observe the seventh day of the week as the Sabbath! Of course, in putting the case upon this ground, the prosecuting attorney of Maryland was really trying the denomination to which the defendants belonged,Ša fact of which he was reminded by the counsel for the defense. But apparently it mattered not to the prosecution whether it was conducting a trial of two individuals for a civil offense, or of a denomination for a religious of-fense, so long as it secured a conviction of the prisoners and thus vindicated the "sanctity of the Christian Sab-bath." This is the first time in the history of the prosecutions of seventh-day observers under the Sunday laws, that it has been openly avowed that the prosecution was for a religious offense. Now this stand has been boldly taken by the Sunday element in this State, and this new and bold stand taken in behalf of the sanctity of Sunday in this latter part of 1898 coincides very well with the new activity that has taken hold of the religious organiza-tions which are sowing the land with their "reform" leaflets and literature in behalf of the same thing, and organizing for an active campaign in politics. From this the reader can make his own deductions with refer-ence,to what developments are to be expected in the near future. It should be stated in explanation of the situation at Centreville, that in Maryland a jury is judge both of the fact and the law; hence in a case of prosecution for Sunday breaking it only needs that the prosecuting at-torney shall work upon the religious prejudices of the jury to secure a perversion of law which would hardly Rome is Getting in Her Work. Tan following portion of a letter from the Washing-ton correspondent of the Baltimore Daily American, printed in that paper Oct. 15, 1898, reveals a scheme of downright lawlessness being carried on by the Catholic Church and the Government of the United States:Š "Archbishop Chappelle, who is to go to Cuba as the legate of the church, will find himself confronted with a serious problem. The Catholic Church and its clergy in Cuba, as in every state where the church of Rome is offi-cially acknowledged as the state church, is supported al-most entirely by the government. The annual budget of Spain includes appropriations for the pay of the Catholic clergy and the support of the Catholic churches in the Spanish dominions, and the revenues for this purpose are raised by taxation. Hence, with the surrender of its authority to collect taxes in Cuba, the Spanish govern.. meat is necessarily compelled to withdraw all support from the Catholic churches and priests on the island. "The question of providing for the priests thus de-prived of their sustenance is one of no little difficulty, and President McKinley has held numerous conferences with Cardinal Gibbons and Archbishop Ireland on the subject. The people of Cuba have never been taught to support their church and clergy by direct, voluntary con-tribution. Indeed, so dire is the poverty on the island at present that it is doubtful if the Cubans could by any possibility raise sufficient money to keep their churches open and their priests from starving. On the other hand it is manifestly impossible that the Government of the United States can undertake to support the Catholic Church in Cuba. "It is true that General Wood has ordered all the schools in Santiago reopened, and as the school teachers are presumably the local priests, the situation in that city, at least, has been met by paying the priests who are employed in the schools. But this expedient will serve only in a small number of cases, and would not, of course, apply to the vast number of priests and high church dig-nitaries on the entire island. "It is the determination of President McKinley that the Catholic churches shall be kept open, and that public worship shall be amply provided for. To this end sufficient money will be advanced by this Government to support the Catholic Church. But this will only be a temporary loan, and when law and order are fully established on the distracted island, the Catholic Church will be expected to maintain itself like every other church." The church of Rome has robbed and peeled Cuba for four hundred years: and now that she cannot do it any more, she puts up the plea that her priests and higk church dignitaries there "are deprived of their suste- be possible were the jury instructed in the law by the judge, as is usual in jury trials. ARE there not those among our readers who feel that the SENTINEL ought to be in the hands of thinking men and women in their neighborhood? 