496 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. CHICAGO, AUGUST 9, 1900. ofirAny one receiving The Sentinel of Liberty without having ordered it, may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered The Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. A call for a "national liberty congress" has been issued by the American Anti-Imperialist League, to meet in Indianapolis August 15. The call states that the congress "is to be composed only of those who deny the power of Congress and the President to rule vast territories and millions of men outside and in disregard of the Constitution." Writing under date of June 12, a correspondent of the New York World says of the Philippines : "Publicly we are granting amnesty to prisoners. Publicly we are most liberal. Instead of executing our bandits in public plazas in the presence of the people we execute them where they are caught. That keeps that fact quietŠkeeps the truth away from the people of the United StatesŠwhich is considered justifiable because they cannot understand the situation and its necessities. If many actual occurrences were told lit-erally the people would refuse to believe that such barbarities take place under our flag. 'I don't want any more prisoners sent into Manila,' was a verbal order from the governor-general three months ago." Among the reasons assigned for the development of the "Boxer" uprising which is proving so terrible in China, is the statement that railways were being projected by Europeans in some thickly-settled parts of the country in complete disregard of the feelings and natural rights and established customs of the na-tives. An injudicious policy on the partŁ of European railway builders, in treating the people of the country as unworthy of serious consideration, would natl.-r-ally rouse the feelings of the latter to a high pitch. An illustration upon this point is given by Mr. D. L. Sheffield, in the July Forum, as follows : "The good fortune of a [Chinese} family is vitally related to the proper location of the family tomb; and to propitious external conditions. A wealthy China- man in extreme-distress-of -mind once, called-upon-the--writer, prostrating himself to offer his supplications, explaining that the survey for the road of the "fire-wheel cart" passed near the tombs of his ancestors, and that the rumbling and screaming of the carts would disturb their slumbers, and so bring misfor-tune on the living. Fortunately his mind was set at ease, as the line of the road was changed before construction." That the trend of the English church is Romeward there can 'be no doubt. "In no, less than fifty non-Roman Catholic churches in London," says a good authority, "one may now hear mass." "Any thing for human rights," said Charles Sum-ner, "is constitutional'. No learning in books, no skill acquired in courts, no sharpness of forensic dialect, no cutting and splitting hairs, can impair the vigor thereof. This is the supreme law of the land, any-thing in the constitution or laws of any state to the contrary notwithstanding." And this is true. Not the Constitution 'of the United States, but the Declaration of Independence is the fundamental law of the land; and back of that even, and higher than that, are the everlasting princi-ples, of which the Declaration is only .the verbal ex-pression. But since the days of Sumner a change has taken place. The Constitution is by many disregarded; the Declaration of 'Independence is scoffed at; the prin-ciples which it enunciates are trampled into the dust ; and law, both constitutional and statutory, is held to be for the protection, not of men, but of things. AN ATLAS Is too expensive for many of our readers to possess, but no one is foo poor to own that map of Asia, which has been mentioned in these columns. With it before you, the scenes of those events now trans- piring in China are pictured to the eye as accurately and beautifully as in the most expensive atlas pub-lished. Remember the price is only 15 cents, post-paid. If you intend to purchase send in your order at once, for our supply is already nearly exhausted, and still the orders are coming as rapidly as ever. Look at the label on your paper this week, and if your subscription is about to expire send us one dollar and we will extend your subscription to THE SENTINEL a full year and mail the triple map of Asia to you post free. Thus all our subscribers may secure this valuable map without cost. But remem-ber how limited our stock is and don't delay. 