194 AA/11W C.A_N—.q VOL. 9, No. 25.      wishes to affirm the superiority of the food which he would give, over the manna by which the children of Israel were nourished. . . But the best and most reliable interpreters of our Saviour's words are certainly the multitude, and the disciples who were listening to him.ŠFaith of Our Fathers, pp. 327-330. Now the manifest truth is, that the mul-titude and the disciples at that time, were just as bad and as unreliable interpreters of Christ's words as are any other people who are unconverted and doubt his word, and who therefore receive heavenly things in an earthly way. For all this were that multitude, and the disciples at that time. - It is difficult to conceive how the car-dinal could have made a selection that would more clearly show the utter falsity of the Catholic interpretation of this Scripture, than does this reference which he has chosen. For it would be hard to find in all the record another "multitudeﬂ that was altogether so worldly-minded and unbelieving as was this one. These were the people who were going to take Jesus by force and make him king. And because of this he departed from them and went away alone. When dark-ness had come his disciples took a boat and started over the sea toward Caper-naum, but they were met by a heavy wind which held them back. Then Jesus came walking on the sea, and they received him into the ship, and immediately they came to the land where they were going. The next day, many at least of those who had been fed with the miraculous bread, crossed over the sea also and came to where he was; and knowing that he had not gone with the disciples, they asked him, " Rabbi, when contest thou hither ? And Jesus answered them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Ye seek me, not because ye saw the miracles, but because ye did eat of the loaves and were filled." This shows that their minds were earthly and their desires, even with relation to him, were altogether selfish. This is further shown by the fact that although they themselves had seen the whole multitude fed with the five loaves and two fishes, and had themselves eaten of the miraculous bread, and were at that very time following him for more bread, yet directly in the face of all this, they had the hardness of heart to say to him, " What sign shewest thou, then, that we may see, and believe thee ? What dost thou work ? Our fathers did eat manna in the desert; as it is written, he gave them bread from heaven to eat." They themselves the day before had eaten bread from heaven as certainly as had their fathers in the desert. And he who had given them the bread the day before, was the same one who had given the manna in the desert. But they did not believe in him. Then he said to them, " I am the bread of life. . . . Ye also have seen me and believe not. . . . The Jews then murmured at him, because he said, " I am the bread which came down from heaven." Having thus doubted, and mur-mured, and opposed him, so far, is it any wonder that, when he said, " The bread that I will give is my flesh which I will give for the life of the world," they should murmur again and " strive among them-selves ?" And, behold, these worldly-minded, selfish, unbelieving, opposing, murmuring, striving people, are the ones whom the cardinal commends as " the best and most reliable interpreters of our Saviour's words "! And these people who understood neither the nor anything that he said, in any proper sense at allŠof these the car-dinal says :Š They all understood the import of his language pre-cisely as it is explained by the Catholic Church.ŠId., p. 330. We do not doubt it in the least. We believe that this is the exact truth. And as certainly as the cardinal heroin tells the truth, it follows that the Catholic Church, in explaining it " precisely as " those people " all understood " it, con-fesses herself " precisely " as worldly-minded, as selfish, as unbelieving, and as much opposed to the Lord, as those people were. Nor is the cardinal any more fortunate in his commendation of the disciples at that time as " the best and most reliable interpreters of our Saviour's words." For it is not only several times plainly stated in the Scriptures, but anybody who will read the four gospels can plainly see, that the disciples, as well as the multitude, did not understand the Saviour's words. They, too, were filled with the same idea as all the others, that if Jesus was the promised Messiah he was surely to set up a visible kingdom at once and give the Jews their coveted dominion over all the earth. And though the disciples never went so far as to propose to take him by force and make him king, they were most grievously disappointed when he died without making himself the king that they were expecting. The first time that Jesus spoke to them definitely and plainly of his sufferings, and death, and resurrec-tion, Peter actually rebuked him and told him to pity himself instead of talking that way, and told him that such things would never be unto him. Here is the conver-sation : " From that time forth began Jesus to show unto his disciples, how that he must go unto Jerusalem, and suffer many things of the elders and the chief priests and scribes, and be killed, and be raised again the third day. Then Peter took him, and began to rebuke him, say-ing, Be it far from thee, Lord: this shall not be unto thee. But he turned and said unto Peter, Get thee behind me, Satan : thou art an offense unto me: for thou savorest not the things that be of God, but the things that be of men." And though he told them this at least twice more as plainly as words could make it, and mentioned it five other times besides, making eight times at least that he told them of his rejection, and death, and res-urrection, yet for all this not one of them knew a thing about what was going to befall him. And when he had actually been crucified, they knew nothing of the coming resurrection, and were hardly to be convinced of it even after it had been accomplished. All this darkness of mind and failure to understand the import of his language was but the direct result of their consuming ambition for worldly power, and their sel-fish desires with reference to high places in the kingdom that they were so positive was to be then set up by the Saviour. There was among them a constant strife and dispute as to which of them was to be the greatest and have the highest place in their much coveted kingdom. So thor-oughly were they imbued with this ambi-tion, that at the last supper, almost in the presence of Gethsemane and his dying agonies, when the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper was institutedŠeven there they continued the "strife among them, which of them should be accounted the greatest." Luke 22: 19-27. Nor did this failure to understand the things of the Lord end with the resurrection. At the very hour of his ascension, when he had promised the descent of the Holy Ghost, they inter-posed their long mistaken idea of the kingdom, with the inquiry: " Lord, wilt thou at this time restore again the king-dom to Israel ?" Nor did this misunder-standing of his words end until, at Pente-cost, the Spirit of God had taken full possession of them, enlightening their minds and hearts and converting their souls, and thus enabling them to see heav-enly things in a heavenly, instead of an earthly, way. Such were the disciples, and such their inability to understand the Saviour's words at the time to which the cardinal refers, when he says that they "understood the import of his language precisely as it is explained by the Catholic Church." That is, when they were unconverted, when they were so filled with worldly ambition and selfish desire for earthly power and dominion that they could not understand at all even his plainest words when they were repeated over and over. And men in such a condition as this, the cardinal declares, "understood the import of his language precisely as it is explained by the Catholic Church." There is no doubt whatever, that this is precisely the truth of this matter. And as certainly as it is the truth, so certainly does it demonstrate that the Catholic Church does not under-stand our Saviour's words at all. And so certainly does it demonstrate also that the Catholic Church is unconverted, and so filled with worldly ambition and selfish desire for power and earthly dominion that she is incapable of understanding the Saviour's words, as were the disciples when they were in this condition. This much is demonstrated by the car-dinal's citation and approval of the exam-ple of the multitude, and of the disciples who did not abandon their Master. And of those of the disciples who at that time did abandon the Saviour, the cardinal says, too, that their interpretation of the Saviour's words was " precisely as it is explained by the Catholic Church," and that this interpretation " led them to abandon their Master : " and that " had they interpreted his words in a figurative sense, it would not have been a hard say-ing, nor have led them to abandom their Master."ŠId. 880. Now it were literally impossible for any interpretation to be right which could lead anybody to aban-don Jesus Christ. And that interpreta-tion could only be right which would lead them to abide with him. Now the car-dinal admits that a figurative sense of these words would not have led them to abandon the Master, while the interpreta-tion which the Catholic Church gives did lead them to abandon him. Then upon the cardinal's own proposition it is certain that the figurative sense of these words is the right one. And further, from the cardinal's own proposition, it . is perfectly plain that as certainly as the literal sense of these words led them to abandon Jesus Christ, and as certainly as this is " precisely as it is ex-plained by the Catholic Church," so cer-tainly is this evidence that the Catholic Church has abandoned Jesus Christ, the Master. Such is the Catholic doctrine of the real presence, and such are its inevitable re-sults. Such also is the difference between the papal dogma of the real presence, and 