362 AMERICAN SENTINEL. resolutions designed to create public sentiment against this form of Sunday desecration. These resolutions were forwarded to all ministers in the vicinity of Jefferson, to be used by them in creating sentiment among the people within their reach. An appeal will also be made to the railway companies to run no Sunday excursions, and pe-titions to the same end will be forwarded to the railway officials by the middle of June. The Jefferson Bee says that the ministers are taking vigorous action in the matter, and their efforts may be expected to produce results. THE New York Sun, of the 23rd inst., gives the follow-ing interesting observations on the session of the Pres-byterian General Assembly, which began at Winona Lake, Ind., May 19:Š "Dr. Sheldon Jackson, the retiring moderator, preached a notable sermon, so far as concerned pulpit eloquence, but he made no direct reference to'the lapse of faith manifested in some parts of the Presbyterian Church, here in New York, for instance, unless in the remark that `we are living in one of the greatest crises of the world's history.' In saying this he mayhave had in mind merely the political conditions of this period, for he spoke sur-rounded by national flags and to an audience which was roused to enthusiasm by every appeal to patriotism. Unquestionably, however, we are living in a time when religious faith is passing through the greatest crisis in the history of Christianity and of all religions. It is a time when supernaturalism itself is assailed as mere child-ish superstition, a tissue of fairy tales and ghost stories, even by theologians themselves, and when the Bible, the source whence is derived the whole Protestant belief in supernaturalism, is relegated by a distinguished theo-logical school to the place of a criticisable human pro.. duction. "Among the reports presented in the early routine of business was onekcomplaining that the standard of 'Sab-bath observance' has been lowered constantly in this country, the 'Continental Sunday' replacing the 'Ameri-can Sabbath' in many places. Undoubtedly the old se-verity of Sabbatarianism has yielded under the pressure of both popular distaste and religious doubt. It is not surprising that when people begin to lose faith in the Bible, under the teachings of the Presbyterian critical school, they should become careless about keeping Sun-day in the old Presbyterian fashion. Various sugges-tions were made against the reading of Sunday papers, bicycling on Sunday, and other and almost universal de-partures from the strict Puritanical observance of the day; but nothing definite as to them was done by the General Assembly. "Whatever may be done in the way of prohibition will be of no practical consequence. Presbyterians, clergy and laity, will do as they think best in this matter with-out regard to the precepts of that body. They are now as eager as the rest of the people to get the news of the war, and they want it on Sunday as much as on other days. Sunday bicycling, moreover, has been encouraged by some pastors in the provision of receptacles for the machines in their churches; and, by means of a wheel, a missionary is enabled to conduct Sunday services at widely removed places. "Moreover, when a Kansas delegate offered a resolu-tion earnestly requesting President McKinley to use his influence and prevent 'needless work by the navy and army, and especially the beginning of movements or bat-tles upon the Lord's day,' the resolution was tabled al-most unanimously, the Rev. Mr. Hudnut, of Brooklyn, arousing patriotic enthusiasm by declaring that 'Dewey did a holy thing in striking at Manila on the Lord's day.'" "The Greatest Enemy of -Christ and Humanity," ŠPhariseeism. Extract from a paper read at the Willard Hall Conference, Chicago, April 18, by Rev. G. A. Zuckerman. LOW HIGH CLASSES. SHALL we ever learn the fact that there is not a single social evil which has not its root in respectability, modern phariseeism, the spawn of special privilegeŠthat there is no corrupting influence which takes not its rise in what are called the higher classes? If we ever do we may learn, in the name of betrayed humanity, to say to all such influ-ences, no matter how bold their effrontery, "Thou couldst have no power at all against me were it not given thee from above. Therefore he that delivereth me unto thee htath the greater sin." Oh, for an Isaiah to sound his Woe to them that call wealth success and poverty failure; that call pauperiza-tion charity and bribery legislation; that call policeman-ization law and love anarchy; that put respectability for righteousness and make thebestowal of hush moneytheir religion. Woe to the Esaus, who rate man below prop-erty and mind below matter. . . . Woe to the pro-fessed followers of Christ who seek to be ministered unto rather than to minister, whose aim in life is to get with-out earning, who fear nothing in comparison with losing their social position and their soft job, who say "Master, master" with one breath and with the next "We have no king but Caesar." For surely the picture is not overdrawn nor the im-plied comparison unwarranted. It was the dominant social class, the respectably religious, that rejected him then, not the rabble nor theRomans, and to-day it is the counterpart of the same class that hourly rejects his claim and delivers him up to be crucified; these, and not the saloon-keeper. And, as of yore, that class is organized, has its hier-archy and its myrmidons. There is the eminently respec-table and next to him the quasi respectable, and next to him the boss and the ward politician, and so on down the descending scale to disreputability of the lowest sort. And the man at the top is at the bottom of the deviltry. He is the arch-corrupter of youth, and not the saloon. He is the arch-debaucher of women, and not the saloon. He is the arch-foe of justice, and not the saloon. Indi-rectly, of course, and in the majority of cases uncon-sciously; but really and truly, nevertheless, for he holds himself aloof; he moves in the best set, so far as any one 