MARCH 19, 1896. A.10'1DE IRA C WENT 97 91 consist in the written words of an acknowledg-ment, but is " the law of the Spirit of life in Christ Jesus," which makes the believer free from the " law of sin and death."' It is the very life of Christ, which he lives in the believ-er's heart.' It is therefore altogether above and beyond the reach of the United States Constitution. Only a very low and altogether earthly view of the purifying law of Christ could ever have conceived it as being ap-plicable to the nation through the Constitu-tion. It is an easy thing to make an acknowledg-ment or profession of Christianity; but mere profession accomplishes nothing. So long as the hearts of legislators and of the people are filled with the natural depravity of human nature, so long will "our festering political corruption" remain uncured, whatever pro-fession may be inserted into the Constitu-tion. KEEPING SUNDAY RELIGIOUSLY. As an argument in behalf of Sunday " laws," it is said that such legislation as is called for does not infringe upon any person's rights of conscience, since it does not require that Sunday should be kept religiously. Just what would constitute a religious ob-servance of Sunday, in the minds of those who make use of this " argument," we are not told. But it is not their nor any person's ideas upon this point that determine the propriety of Sunday legislation from the standpoint of interference with conscience. That must be determined by the truth, as defined by Him whose word is truth. And the truth is that refraining from work upon the first or any other day of the week, so as to acknowledge that day as a weekly rest day, is a religious act. It must of necessity have this signifi-cance. A weekly rest day is wholly a religions in-stitution. It was given to man as such by the Creator. Gen. 2: 2, 3; Ex. 20: 8-11; Eze. 20: 12, 20. Rest from secular work is an es-sential part of the keeping of the Sabbath commandment. And from the very fact that the Sabbath is wholly a religious institutionŠsince it is " the Sabbath of the Lord "Šand that rest from secular labor is an essential part of its observance, such weekly rest upon Sun-day must have a religious significance. Being exactly similar to the Sabbath rest which God commanded, so far as regards the performance of secular work, it is either that rest itself or a counterfeit of it; in either of which cases its significanceeis religious. A counterfeit dollar bill has the significance of money, and is intended by its maker to serve the purpose of money. So it is with the Sunday sabbath. It must of necessity have the significance of the institution which it professes to be, or of which it claims to be a-pattern; and that significance is wholly re-ligious. Hence the weekly Sunday rest which is de-manded by Sunday " laws " is a religious act, and the plea that such "laws" do not require any person to keep Sunday religiously, is of no force. By the very fact of requiring Sun-day rest, they require a religious observance, and hence go entirely beyond the legitimate sphere of civil legislation. Let the truth be kept in mind that the Sabbath is wholly a religious institution. This is shown by the fact, already pointed out, that it is " the Sabbath of the Lord." God has stated expressly that the Sabbath is his and not man's. " The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." See Ex. 20: 1  Rom. 8: 2. Cal. 2 : 20. 8-11; Isa. 58:13; Eze. 20:12, 20. In the light of this fact, the impropriety of human sabbath "laws" may be seen in full. The Sabbath is God's sign between himself and his people. It is the mark of his Godhead, point-ing out him who has creative power, and who is therefore the true God. Hence man has no business to meddle with it. Even a trade-mark is recognized in human law as the prop-erty of its originator. No other party is al-lowed to appropriate it. How much more, then, is God's Sabbath sacred to himŠto the high and holy purpose specified in his law, as the memorial of him who has power to create and redeem! Yet men speak of the Sabbath as though it were their common property, to be put to their own uses and legislated upon as they see fit! The American Government is very jealous Šand properly soŠof its currency. It pun-ishes counterfeiting with severe penalties. It will not allow any imitation of that which constitutes its currency, whether of coin or paper, and whether it be intended to serve the purpose of money or not. Its secret service officials promptly seize and confiscate all such imitations, no matter if obviously intended to serve only as medals or as advertisements. And why will not men recognize the principle in its application to that which is infinitely more sacred and important,Šthe memorial or "sign" (Eze. 20:12, 20) of God between him-self and his people ? Why will they not treat God's sacred things with at least as much respect as is made obligatory with regard to man's things? Oh that all men would recognize the iniquitous folly of enact-ing sabbath "laws," and cease to intrude with their human legislation upon that which is holy unto the Lord. .4.  THE ORIGIN AND NATURE OF SUNDAY " LAWS." THE various bills relating more or less directly to Sunday now before Congress and several of the State legislatures, render timely an examination of the origin and nature of Sunday " laws." The first " law" of this character, a copy of which has been preserved to us, is Constan-tine's edict of A. D. 321. Sozomen says that it was " that the day might be devoted with less interruption to the purposes of devotion." And this statement of Sozomen's is indorsed by Neander.' This reason given by Sozomen reveals the secret of the legislation; it shows that it was in behalf of the church, and to please the church. By reading Constantine's edict,it is seen that they started out quite moderately. They did not stop all work; only judges, townspeople, and mechanics were required to rest, while people in the country might freely and law-fully work. The emperor paraded his soldiers on Sunday, and required them to repeat in concert the following prayer:Š Thee alone we acknowledge as the true God; thee we acknowledge as ruler ; thee we invoke for help ; from thee have we received the victory; through thee have we conquered our enemies; to thee are we in-debted for our present blessings; from thee also we hope for future favors; to thee we will direct our prayer. We beseech thee that thou wouldst preserve our Emperor Constantine and his pious sons in health and prosperity through the longest life. 2  This Sunday "law" of A. D. 321 continued until 386, when " those older changes effected by the Emperor Constantine were more rigor-ously enforced, and, in general, civil transac- "Church History," Vol. II, p. 298. 2  Eusebius Life of Constantine, book iv., chap. xx. tion of every kind on Sunday were strictly forbidden. Whoever transgressed was to be considered, in fact, as guilty of sacrilege." Then as the people were not allowed to do any manner of work, they would play, and, as the natural consequence, the circuses and the theaters throughout the empire were crowded every Sunday. But the object of the "law," from the first one that was issued, was that the day might be used for the pur: poses of " devotion' and the people might go to church. Consequently, that this object might be met, there was another step to take, and it was taken. At a church convention held at Carthage in 401, the bishops passed a resolution to send up a petition to the Em-peror, praying " that the public shows might be transferred from the Christian Sunday, and from feast days, to some other days of the week."' And the reason given in support of the petition was, " The people congregate more to the circus than to the church." In the circuses and theaters large numbers of men were employed, among whom many were church members. But, rather than to give up their jobs, they would work on Sun- day. The bishops complained that these were compelled to work; they pronounced it perse- cution, and asked for a law to protect those persons from such "persecution. The church had become filled with a mass of people, un-converted, who cared vastly more for worldly interests and pleasures than they did for reli-gion. And as the government was now a government of God, it was considered proper that the civil power should be used to cause all to show respect for God, whether they had any respect for him or not. But as long as the people could make some-thing by working on Sunday, they would work rather than go to church. A law was secured forbidding all manner of Sunday work. Then they would crowd the circuses and the theaters, instead of going to church. But this was not what the bishops wanted; this was not that for which all work had been forbidden. All work was forbidden in order that the people might go to church; but instead of that, they crowded to the circus and the theater, and the audi-ences of the bishops were rather slim. This was not at all satisfying to their pride; there-fore the next step, and a logical one, too, was, as the petition prayed, to have the exhibitions of the circuses and the theaters transferred to some other days of the week, so that the churches and the theaters should not be open at the same time. For if both were open, the Christians(?), as well as others, not being able to go to both places at once, would go to the circus or theater instead of to the church. Neander says:Š Owing to the prevailing passion at that time, espe-cially in the large cities, to run after the various pub-lic shows, it so happened that when these spectacles fell on the same days which had been consecrated by the Church to some religious festival, they proved a great hindrance to the devotion of Christians, though chiefly, it must be allowed, to those whose Chris tianity was the least an affair of the life and of the heart.'  Assuredly! An open circus or theater will always prove a great hindrance to the devotion of those " Christians " whose Christianity is the least an affair of the life and of the heart. In other words, an open circus or theater will always be a great hindrance to the devotion of those who have not religion enough to keep them from going to it, but who only want to use the profession of religion to maintain their popularity and to promote their selfish interests. On the other hand, to the devotion Ł Torrey's Neander, p. 300. Ł Ib. 5  Ib., note 5. lb. 