476 AMERICAN SENTINEL. to American ideas, consistent with American public pol-icy. Such a man must begin at the beginning. He must cut loose from Mr. Justice Blackstone altogether. He must frame his definitions for himself, and not copy the language of that commentator; he must carve out his conceptions as a sculptor chisels a new statue from the virgin marble, and not fancy that his task is merely the cleaning or polishing, or trimming of some ancient torso, dragged from the dust of the Feudal ages. Notes from the Epworth League Convention. BY M. C. GUILD. THE Epworth League Convention that has just been held in this city closed last evening. It is estimated that there were over 20,000 delegates in attendance. They came from all parts of the United States and Canada. The League was organized in 1889, and it now claims:a membership of over two million. Many of the speeches made were calculated to influ-ence this large body ofyoung people in favor of the reli-gio-political movements that are now so prevalent. The subject of "Christ in Politics" was quite fully discussed, at the different places of meeting. One of the speakers, Dr. A. W. Thornton, told his audience that he spoke to a prominent politician when looking for new ideas on the subject, but the man answered flippantly, "He isn't in it." Mr. F. D. Fuller, of Topeka, Kan., who was to speak on "Christ in Politics," told his large audience, with a good degree of consistency, that he had taken the liberty to change his subject to "The Leaguer in Politics." To some who were present this change seemed very appro priate. Mr. Fuller plead for Leaguers and Christians generally to take a more active part in voting. He charged the running of Sunday cars in this city to the church mem-bers.- In his opinion Sunday cars had prevailed because too many Christians had neglected to vote. Some who knew of the strenuous efforts put forth by the ministers and the church members who were opposed to Sunday cars at the recent election, were somewhat amused at,  this statement. The speaker urged Christian voters to attend the caucus and the primary. He cautioned his hearers that they might be beaten at the polls for some time, but urged them to keep up the fight. In the absence of one who was to speak on "Christ in Politics," Dr. Wilbur F. Crafts occupied the time, taking for his subject, "The Lord's Day and the Rest Day." He said that it was a thirty years' war before foreign mis-sions were thrust upon the church and made a part of its work, and he counseled all the Leaguers to organize a  "Lord's Day Committee," as there never was a time when the sabbath was more imperilled and less defended than now. Mr. Bruce L. Brice, of Clarksville, Tenn., stated that thus far the Christ like had been very singularly absent in the various political parties. He held that the present corrupt condition of politics was largely due to the un-willingness of good men to take part in political strife. That corruption exists, they realize, but fear of contami-nation mingled with a feeling of disgust holds them aloof from the scenes of bickering and discord. This course he thought could not be justified. The Leaguers were implored to keep off the Sunday cars in this city, yet notwithstanding this, multitudes of them rode on the cars the following Sunday. Among the resolutions was one pledging themselves to put forth the most earnest efforts to awaken and in-struct the public conscience in regard to Sunday observ-ance and heartily indorsing the work of the American Sabbath Union. Resolution 7 reads thus : " We hold that it is our Christian duty to participate in all matters that concern the national, State, and municipal government, and urge and entreat, our young people, without respect to their political affiliations, to ally themselves with all move-ments for civic reform and social righteousness." There were many earnest speeches and many good things said at this convention. It is lamentable that such political sentiments as the foregoing should he mingled with the good instruction given. All agreed that the present state of politics is corrupt and impure. The remedy proposed by the League is to plunge in and purify the corrupt pool. We do not question their motives; but when will pro-fessed followers of Christ learn,Š That Christ, their Lord, never meddled with politics, though he lived in an earthly government here below, "leaving us an example, that ye should follow in his steps." 1 Peter 2:21. That the gospel (not politics) is "the power of God unto salvation." That the Christian's citizenship is in heaven, and that while he is in the world he is not to be of the world. That for the child of God to plunge into the muddy pool of politics will never cleanse the pool, but that he himself will be stained and polluted thereby. "Who can bring a clean thing out of an unclean? Not one." Job 14:4..  Toronto, Ont., July 19. REMEMBERŠthe SENTINEL Will be sent until January 1st next, to any one not now a reader of it for only twen-ty-five cents. THE first subscription under our specialt  offer came from Nebraska; the largest single list is from Ohio, and the second largest from Virginia. 