360 1 1BN71,IIINTML, VoL. 11, No. 45. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 12, 1896. 111 ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. "IT is said," remarks the Western Watch-man (Roman Catholic), "that Princess Vic-toria, of Wales, is determined to become a nun." Now that the election is over look out for an assault "all along the line" by the so-called "Christian Citizenship" forces upon Congress and State legislatures, in the interests of re-ligious legislation. READ the advertisement on the preceding page of the new tract, " Fighting Against God," by A. F. Ballenger. This is one of the very best and most attractive of our Religious Liberty tracts. It ought to have an extensive circulation. Do not fail to read the article, "A case of Religious Persecution," on page 358. The writer, H. L. Wayland, D. D., of Philadel-phia, is a prominent Baptist, and one of the editorial staff of The Examiner and National Baptist. His love for religious liberty is in-herited from his noble father, whose name is honored by Baptists everywhere. IT seems that the papal authorities in this country are seriously contemplating the con-tingency of a withdrawal of government aid from their Indian schools. At a recent meet-ing of Catholic archbishops in Washington, D. C., says the Catholic Review of November 7, this matter was considered; but what plans were laid to prevent it have not been made public. " It is possible," says the Review, " that the withdrawal of government aid will make necessary the abandonment of a number of our institutions for the aborigines." WE wish to direct special attention to the article on page 356, "The Church and Civil Power." The writer clearly shows that the theocracy of Israel wa's simply the Jewish church clothed with civil power, and that that power was taken away from the church never more to be restored, until "He come whose right it is." A point hinted at, but worthy of more space than the writer has devoted to it, is the influence of the rulers of Israel to lead the people into sin. A true theocracy is a government in which God rules through chosen representatives. Even in Israel it was too often true that the rule was not God's but man's, for in reality the rule was admin- istered by men only professing to represent God, but really representing their own selfish interests or personal ambition. But because they were nominally God's representatives and ruled in the name of God, the people looked to them to know the will of God; and because they were regarded as God's representatives their power to lead people into sin was much greater than it would oth-erwise have been. The same is true to-day. Men who assume divine authority to keep men from sin cer-tainly have more power when they go wrong to lead people into sin than those who make no such profession; and were the State to assume the prerogative of keeping men from sin, its power to lead men into sin would be thereby increased to the full extent of the confidence of the people in its pretended com-mission as a moral guardian. Prays They May Be Converted. RoME is pursuing toward Rev. James O'Connor, of this city, the tactics which she usually pursues toward those priests who re-nounce Romanism and become Protestants. The Western, Watchman, of October 29, pub-lished the following:Š O'Connor, who has maintained a refuge for apos-tate priests in New York for years, has been adjudged insane, and is now in an asylum in Ohio. We said fifteen years ago that the poor man was out of his head. Most of his unhappy wards are doing penance in monasteries in different parts of the country. Will Protestants ever learn that an educated Catholic is inconvertible ? Having seen and talked with Mr. O'Connor only a few weeks previous to seeing the above paragraph, we were morally certain that he was not an inmate of an asylum; but to make assurance doubly sure, we sent him the clip- ping, together with a note of inquiry con- cerning the matter, and received from him the following letter written with his own hand:Š Christ's Mission, 142 West 21st Street, New York, Nov. 6, 1896. MR. C. P. BoLLmANŠDear Brother; Please accept my thanks for the clipping from the St. Louis Watch-man, which in an editorial note says I am in an in-sane asylum in Ohio. The editor of that Roman Catholic paper, Rev. D. S. Phelan, is a sad rogue. He avers that he said fif-teen years ago that "the poor man [O'Connor] was out of his head." Of course, Father Phelan's story is an unmitigated falsehood. Thank God, I am not in an asylum, and nev%r was, but am busy at work in our Christ's Mission for the conversion of Catho-lics at the above address, which you have often visited with pleasure to us all. By a remarkable coincidence, I had published in my Converted Catholic, for October, an article of four pages, entitled, "Roman Catholic Partners of the Father of Lies," wherein the slanders and calumnies of priests and Roman Catholic editors like Phelan regarding converted Catholics were exposed. It has been my privilege to welcome fifty priests out of the church of Rome and to lead thousands of Roman Catholics to a knowledge of the truth as it is in Jesus during the last eighteen years that I have been an evangelical pastor and editor in this city. Hence the wrath of the pope's agents. The bishops, priests and editors began their malig-nant attacks against me sixteen years ago, and, I sup- pose, they will keep them up until they are converted. They have said that I bad retired from this work and gone into a monastery to do penance for my sin in saying that the pope was the antichrist, and.now, after many years, they say I am in an insane asylttfa, Last year they said that Father Lambert, the WA*,  guished Redemptorist priest, who was conveite`el at our Christ's Mission in March, 1894, was also an in-mate of an asylum. The very day that falsehood was published he was in ray home preparing to go to Kingston, Jamaica, W. I., where he is now pastor of Coke Wesleyan Church. They have made similar mendacious statements re-garding Father Chiniquy, Miss Cusack, "The Nun of Konmare," and every other prominent converted Catholic in this country and Europe. Men who would deliberately lie about the living would not scruple to misinterpret and misquote the Scriptures and falsify and forge documents to sustain their claims to the primacy and supremacy of their church. The secular reader might ask, Why does not Mr. O'Connor sue these infamous falsifiers for libel? From a legal point of view an action could be sus-tained, but I am so busy trying to convert those priests and their poor deluded victims, that I really have not time to bring them into the courts of this world. My prayer is that they may be converted to Christ, when their pens and lips, as well as their hearts, will be clean. Sincerely yours, JAMES A. O'CONNOR. We cannot speak too highly of the work which Mr. O'Connor is doing in this city, and are glad that he does not resort to the courts for vindication from the attacks of Rome. Let him that suffers as a Christian not be ashamed; but let him remember that "God is our refuge and strength, a very pres-ent help in time of trouble." Christ never sued his enemies for slander, and they not only charged that he was "beside himself," but they said. "He hath a devil." "It is enough that the servant be as his Master." "THE missionaries have got into trouble again down in Peru," says a Catholic paper, and adds: "It seems they persist in preach-ing to people who do not want to hear them. Why do they not shake the dust of Peru off their feet and come home?" The real difficulty in Peru is that Roman-ism is the established religion, and Protes-tantism receives scant toleration. It is not that all the people do not want to hear, but that the priests of Rome dOn't want any of the people to hear, and use their power and influence to prevent it. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State-, either in name or in fact. Published Weekly by Pacific Press Publishing Go. ORGAN OF THE International Peligious Liberty Association. ALLEN MOON. A. T. JONES. A. F. BALLENGER. Single Copy, Per Year, - $1.00. ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York. PRESIDENT, VICE-PRESIDENT,' SECRETARY, 