THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 267 deplores as much as Freethought can, were: either the necessities of the bar-barism of the times, or the results of that barbarism. In either case they,  were the result of the revolt against the divine ideal of government, which can only be realized by faith, and not the result of its realization.. As a true theocracy perfectly realized in the heart of each individual, as it will be in the redeemed world, is the most perfect liberty; so a false man-made theocracy, enforcing its so-called, divine laws, upon the outward, man, without power to change the heart into harmony with these laws, is the most perfect of despotisms. It may be that Freethought, bound by its prejudice against God and the Bible, and redemption through Christ, can not think freely enough to appreciate these sublime truths, but to the Christian intellect as well as heart, they are evident and precious. G. E. FIFIELD. Religious Freedoni. [This article is from the Denver News, of August 4. THE SENTINEL is not so sanguine as is the News that such laws will ever be obliterated, nor do we agree that the State has any duty, whatever in leg-islating in regard to Sunday from any standpoint any more than any other day. Nevertheless the article is excellent in the main, and is worthy of more than cursory reading.] THR News of yesterday announced the decision of Judge E. S. Hammond, of the United States District Court, in a case of an interesting nature which was appealed from the Supreme Court of Tennessee. R. M. King is a Seventh-day Adventist, and was convicted of Sabbath-breaking by plowing on Sunday, which verdict was sustained in the higher State Court. The Federal judge refused any relief to the de-fendant, who was remanded to suffer fine or imprisonment. The Court evaded de-cision upon the constitutionality of Sab-bath lawS, and reached its conclusion upon the fact that " King was convicted under the process of Tennessee law, and it is not in the province of the Federal Court to review the case, religiously or otherwise, Or dictate a prosecution, but if the law has been violated this fact never shields the law-breaker." The Court adds that the offense may be harmless in itself, " be-cause, as the' petitioner believes, God has not set apart that day for rest and holi-ness, and yet if man has set it apart in due form by his law, it must be obeyed as man's law if not as God's law. This prosecution has gained considera-ble notoriety, King's case having been es-pouSed by the Adventists of the United :States, who secured Don M. Dickinson for the defense. Without doubt it will be taken to the highest tribunal, to test the measure of religious liberty that is guar-anteed by the national Constitution. One more quarter of a century of public schools and other civilizing agencies which are now, actively at work will obliterate the last vestige of such laws as that under which King is being persecuted for living  up to his religious convictions. Nor will the repeal of such worn out legislation be at all inconsistent with a proper recogni- tion of the economic value of taking one day out of seven for rest, or of agreeing upon Sunday as that day out of deference to the wishes of the dominant population of the country. But it will be understood and generally accepted that, only the moral force of public opinion can be employed to influence such observance, except in particulars necessary to insure freedom and protection to those who regard Sun-day as a sacred day to be devoted to relig-ious purposes. It is absurd to assume that King, taught by his religion to observe the seventh day instead of the first, was encroaching upon any one's rights in plowing land on Sunday. The case would be different were King one of a procession, with bands of music, which should choose the hour of Christian worship to parade the streets, to the disturbance of congre-gations engaged in their devotions. In-terference in such an event would be jus-tifiable, because it would be necessary to the freedom of worship which is guaran-teed by American organic law. The conclusions of the United States Supreme Court in King's case will be in-teresting, and if the record will admit of a decision upon the real issue, the result will be salutary. We badly need a fresh and conclusive ruling which shall main-tain the absolute nature of American re-ligious freedom, and the unconstitutional-ity of all legislation with a religious basis, by which there is discrimination for or against any class of people in this free Nation. The Court can reach no other conclusion withour disregarding all prec-edent that applies to the question. The principle involved in the King case is of an importance which can not be ex-aggerated. There has been too much de-nominational coquetting with both State and national governments in recent years, and it will be well to enforce the distinc-tion which exists between Church and State, in the interest of religion as well as that of civil liberty. Judge Cooley, in 'his " Constitutional Limitations," reflects the concensus of American judicial opinion when he says : He who shall examine with care the American Constitutions will find nothing more fully or plainly expressed than the desire of their framers to pre-serve and perpetuate religious liberty, and to guard against the slightest approach towards inequality of civil or political rights, based upon difference of religious belief, Various tests have been suggested by which to judge of the highest type of civ-ilization, one writer premising that it should be measured by the quantity of soap and sugar consumed, others by the percentage of illiteracy, the statistics of crime, and so on. "The truest test by far is the, degree of respect which the people of a nation have for each other's religious convictions, and the measure of religious  liberty which is secured to them as an in-herent right. It is the glory of our Government that, rightly interpreted, all restraints upon religious liberty have been abolished. In that particular at least we have realized a central feature of Isaac Taylor's " Ulti-mate Civilization," which undertakes to shadow forth what shall be the condition of society when all the social functions are brought to their highest altitude and perfection. That author, one of the most thorough masters of English style and one of the most learned, says of religious freedom :Š The bandaging of men in respect of their relig-ious convictions and professions and conduct is a restraint which is useless more than any other; for danger on this ground does not come if it be, not created; and it is prejudicial more than any other; because religious liberty, in its amplitude and when it is enjoyed by many, does by itself render despot-isms impossible. Sunday Laws Admitted to Be Religious and Not Civil. How men should conduct themselves toward their fellow-men civil government must decide, but as regards our duty to-ward God no civil government can of right have anything to do; that rests solely between man and God. Civil government has nothing to do with what we owe to God, or whether we owe him anything or not, or whether, if we do owe him anything, we pay it or not. George Washington said : " Every man who conducts himself as a good citizen is ' accountable alone to God for his religious faith, and is to be protected in worshiping God according to the dictates of his own conscience." Our national Constitution provides that the civil Government shall have nothing to do with religion or with what pertains to God, but shall leave that to every man's conscience and his God. As long as he is a good citizen the civil Government must protect him and leave him perfectly free to worship whom he pleases, when he pleases, as he pleases, or not to worship at all, if he pleases. In 1796, in the treaty made with Tripoli, General Washington declared : " The Government of the United States of Amer-ica is not in any sense founded on the Christian religion." The very first amendment to the United States Constitution was adopted by the first Congress in 1798: " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exer-cise thereof." Our own Ł State Constitution, Article 1., Section 11., provides: " Absolute freedom of conscience in all matters of religious sentiment, belief, and worship shall be guaranteed to every individual, and no one shall be molested or disturbed in per-son or property on account of religion." The plea heretofore insisted on, and the 