204 0IE1H:1"Xtr CAW SIRN VOL. 11, :No. 26 Thelprospective law of the Transvaal seems to find its precedent in the imperial ukases of the Czar. While the intent of the law-making power may be the very best, such a law is exceedingly dangerous, and apt to be made a wrong use of. Take, for instance, the literature which is printed outside of the domain ruled by the Republic which teaches that the seventh day is the Sabbath, and that Sunday is only a relic of popery, and a day on which it is no sin to do manual work. This, in the " opinion" of the State president (the executive concurring), might be deemed heresy, and therefore " contrary to good morals," or " dangerous to peace and order in the Republic." Especially so, when they could cite such examples as in Canada where some gospel ministers were sentenced to im-prisonment for such acts as pouring water in a barrel, etc., on the " venerable day of the sun." And in various portions of free(?) America, where Christians who had kept the Sabbath " according to the commandment," have been immured in filthy prison bells for such misdemeanors(?) as husking corn, gar- dening, cutting a little fuel for a widow, plowing away from any residence or road, removing sprouts from stumps in a secluded place, lifting a wheel-barrow over a fence, etc., on Sunday. Another important division of South Africa is the Orange Free State. This is also a republic governed by the Dutch. The Volks-raad is now in session; and the Sunday ques-tion has been introduced, and an effort is being made to secure a more strict Sunday law. The following, taken from the Cape Times, of May 16, 1896, will show what is being done:Š This morning the Raad discussed the law for the better observance of the sabbath. The commission reported the work at the mines was necessary for the welfare of the industry, recommended doubling the tariff on Sunday telegrams, and were of the opinion that not much sabbath desecration in way of amuse-ments existed. Mr. C. Wessels opposed it on the grounds that it infringed the liberty of the subject, and referred to the case of the Jews, whose Sabbath was on Saturday, but would, under the proposed law, be compelled to observe the Christian sabbath. Messrs J. Wessels and Steyn objected that if the Jews did not care to observe the Christian sabbath, they should stay away. Mr. Clote argued that the law was contrary to the institutions which guaranteed full religious liberty. Mr. Van der Walt said that under this law the President could be arrested for driving to church on Sunday. This afternoon in the Raad the discussion was continued. The law was strongly supported by Mr. Fraser, who said that mine owners rest on Sunday as well as burghers, and there was not the slighest necessity for games such as tennis, foot-ball, etc. After a lengthy discussion, the Raad ap-proved of the principle of the law. It is thus that Church and State are bound together in all lands, and the dove of free-dom, with weary wing, hovers over all civil-ized lands, seeking for a place of rest, but finding none. The place of her abode, if found, Must be amid the haunts of the un-tutored aborigines. Can it be that religious freedom,Šthe right to worship God according to the dictates of conscience,Šhas taken its everlasting flight from the earth ? Verily, it seems so. Cape Towd, So. Africa, May 20. RESIGNED FOR CONSCIENCE' SAKE. [Cincinnati Commercial Tribune, June 18.] MIDDLETOWN, 0., June 17.ŠRev. Lyman J. Fisher, a retired Baptist minister, has re-signed from the Board of City School Exam-iners, giving as his reason that the duties of that office conflict with his conscience. He sent a paper to the Board saying that he had, after a life-long investigation of the Script- ures, concluded that Saturday is the Sabbath, and as most of the examinations fall on that day he can not, in keeping with his conscience, hold the position longer. He says :Š I will attempt no self-justification further than to say that my convictions of personal responsibility in the matter are the result of a life long search of the Scriptures. For a longer period than I have held the po-sition to which you called me, I have been persuaded that the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord. But it was first a disclosure mainly to my intellect. Mean-while, the immenseness of the fact of Sabbath per-version dazed me, and left me with a feeling of help-lessness to stem such a current. I still feel like a breaking, momentary bubble on the bosom of a resist-less tide. But not wholly so, at least. An appeal breaks in from the skies. With tender directness it speaks to my conscience and heart. I feel my little-ness enobled in the presence of a duty, which I am sure I can do for my King. The resignation was unanimously accepted. BISHOP WIGGER'S WIGGER'S QUERY. [Journal (New York), June 8.] THE Catholic Diocesan Union of New Jersey held a large and enthusiastic meeting in the Y. M. C. A. hall in Harrison, N. J., yesterday afternoon. President Murphy, of Jersey City, was in the chair, and delegates from all parts of the State were present. The coming Presidential election was dis-cussed, and Rev. Father Began, of St. Mary's Church, Rahway, at the request of Bishop Wigger, of the diocese of Newark, offered a resolution that the secretary of the union be directed to forward to each of the Republican candidates for the nomination for President the following question:Š In the event of your election to the Presidency of the United States, will you, in the administration of that office, make any discrimination against Roman Catholics on account of their religious belief? When the question was read there was great applause, and the resolution was adopted unan-imously. Bishop Wigger was prompted in having the resolution offered by a letter which he received from the Marquette Club, of St. Louis, which recently took similar action. The letter was indorsed by Rt. Rev. John J. Kane, bishop of St. Louis. Other Catholic societies throughout the country will take similar action. IMPRISONED FOR HIS FAITH. P. M. HowE, one of the three Seventh-day Adventist ministers, convicted of Sunday work some months since at Darrell, Ont., has at last been committed to jail at Chat-ham. He writes as follows to the president of the International Religious Liberty Asso-ciation :Š Chatham Jail, June 19, 1896. ELDER ALLEN MOONŠDear Brother : I am a pris-oner in jail since 9:30 yesterday morning. The chief of police of Ridgeton came for me at 7 o'clock. He made many excuses for not taking me before. He has told so many tales that we hardly know when to believe him. The jailer came very near refusing-to take me, but did at last, and went to Judge Bell to see if I could be legally imprisoned. He said I could, and so settled the dispute as far as this court is concerned. They treat me well. I have the same food as the other poor fellows have to eat; and besides, the com-fort of the Holy Spirit bringing me joy and peace, with a contented mind. I feel as satisfied to be here as though I were sent to work for my heavenly Master in the open sunshine of heaven. The Spirit has impressed upon my mind for some years that I would be imprisoned sooner or later, and I am sure that He who doeth all things well, will care for me while here and make me a power to some souls hereafter. I never felt more determined to live out the truth of the Third Angel's message than now. I know the power of a fallen Israel will unite with the State to crush out the truth by every kind of per-secution; but God says for the comfort and encour-agement of his little flock: "Hear the word of the Lord, ye that tremble at his word; Your brethren that hated you, that cast you out for my name's sake, said, Let the Lord be glorified: but he shall appear to your joy, and they shall be ashamed." Isa. 66:5. I am glad to suffer with Him. Your brother in bonds, P. M. HOWE. It will be rembered by our readers that this man's offense, for which he must spend forty days in jail, was assisting in preparing some mortar preparatory to erecting a church building at Darrell late last fall. The work interfered with no one, and disturbed no one, except as it occasioned mental annoyance to bigoted minds simply from the fact that it was done on Sunday. It was only the annoy- ance of intolerance. Imprisoning a man for such an offense is not as bad as burning him at the stake, but the principle is the same. THE TROUBLES IN CRETE. [New York Observer. June 11, 1896.] SERIOUS fighting in Canea, the political capital of Crete, between the Christians and the Turks, promises to bring the Cretan, ques-tion again to the front. It is true that some-thing approaching civil war has existed in the island for some months past, the Cretans have virtually besieged the Turkish garrison in Vamos, but as the disorder has been inland, and the lives of foreign consuls and merchants were not menaced, no attention-has been given it. The outbreak in Canea, and the report that the Cretans are preparing for further trouble with a view to forcing some action in their behalf, has, however, at once aroused the interest of the powers, doubtless in the fear that the disturbances may reopen the Eastern question in an acute form. Though order has been temporarily restored in the capital, and the siege of Vamos has been raised, the Cretans retreating to the moun-tains, the hurried despatch of reinforcements by the Porte 'excites suspicion that it intends to restore order in its usual summary fashion. It is not impossible that this is precisely what the Cretan Christians hope it will attempt, in the certainty that it would compel the in-tervention of Greece, which claims Crete in reversion, and so that of all the powers if a general war were to be averted. Since the island was restored to Turkey in 1840, revolt after re-volt has occurred, but either through conces-sions on the part of the Porte, or the use by the powers of concerted pressure upon Greece, any general embroilment has been staved off. The danger now is that the concert of the powers may no longer exist, and thus that the Cretan outbreak may give the signal for the long-expected convulsion; the assumption being that in the event of a change in the relations of Crete to the Porte, England would oppose its cessions to Greece, as being under Franco-Russian influence, while France, Russia, and probably Germany would support it. That any action will be taken by the powers until a general insurrection has oc-curred is not to be expected, though if proper pressure were brought to bear upon the Porte the whole question of Turkish sovereignty over the island, the rights of Moslems and the liberties of the Christians in it, might be bridged over until the Ottoman Empire is broken up. If the sultan were induced to recall his garrison and appoint a foreign Christian prince ruler of Crete for life, with absolute powers, binding him only to send an annual tribute to Constantinople, the Cretan 