58 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. his law, designing that it should hold up the standard of divine truth, so that all people who should be inclined to accept the truth might flock to it, and become enrolled among the citizens of Israel. But when the Jews proved recreant to their trust, and;  instead of letting the light of truth shine from them to the nations, extinguished that light by their heathenish practices, God cast them off. Since that time he has claimed no special na-tion as his own. He still has a people called Israel; but they are those in every nation who humbly walk in the way of truth. Their only badge of citizenship is the pos- session of the Spirit of Christ; and often they are unknown to all except God. Therefore since God has and claims no distinct nation or people as his own, it follows that any at-tempt to model a Government after that of Israel would be simply to establish a theoc-racy With human power substituted for that of God. This would be a model, not of an-cient Israel, but of the Papacy. The Professor enumerated various things which he termed the Christian features of our Government. Chief among these were: (1) The exemption of church property from tax-ation; (2) ;the right of Christian ministers to solemnize marriage; (3) the administra-tion of judical oaths; (4) the appointment of chaplains in the army and navy; (5) the appointment of fast and thanksgiving-days; (6) the use of the Bible in the public schools; and (7) laws concerning a civil Sabbath, and suppressing such things as tend to hinder people in their worship on the first day of the week. In addition to these, he cited the rec-ognition of the Christian religion by the early colonies, and the mention of " the great Gov-ernor of the world," by those who met to rat-ify the Articles of Confederation. These things, it was claimed, mark this country as a Chris-tian nation, and therefore the organic laws of the nation should contain a declaration of this fact, thus making this a Christian nation in name as well as in fact. The idea that the ex-istence of any or all of these forms makes this a Christian nation,Šthat we are a Christian nation because the Catholic Church, like some vast railroad corporations, gets along without contributing its share towards the support of the Government; because the clerks in our police courts mumble over oaths to indifferent witnesses who grunt out an assent; because the Government pays certain men a salary to go through, in a perfunctory manner, a form of service every Sunday to men who listen because the regulations require them to,Šwe say that- the idea that any or all of these things make this a Christian nation, is as ab-surd as was Tertullian's idea that birds and beasts pray. Said he:Š "Every creature prays; cattle and wild beasts pray and bend the knees; and when they issue from their layers and lairs, they look up heavenward with no idle mouth, making their breath vibrate after their own manner. Nay, the birds, too, rising out of the nest, upraise themselves heavenward, and instead of hands, expand the cross of their wings, and say somewhat to seem like prayer." ŠTertullian on Prayer, chap. 29. If the things that Professor McCartney men-tions do or can make this a Christian nation, then we can also adopt Tertullian's opinion concerning beasts and birds, and we shall have not only a Christian nation, but a Chris-tian universe. But the Professor complained that there has been, in this country, a gradual elimination of everything that is Christian. For instance, Thomas Jefferson refused to issue a proclama-tion for a day of thanksgiving, on the ground that it was unconstitutional. Now, here is a plain question: If Grover Cleveland should neglect or refuse to appoint any thanksgiving-day this year, would the country be any worse of? Would it be any less Christian than it now is ? The answer can be nothing else but, No. Will people who live wholly selfish lives, remember their Creator any the more because the President calls upon them to return thanks to him ? Not a particle. He cannot make the people one iota more grateful than they would be if he made no thanksgiving proclamation. So far as any practical good is concerned; he might as well call upon everybody to ask a blessing upon every meal they eat. Those who feel thank-ful will return thanks no matter if a day is not appointed for thanksgiving; and for those who do not feel thankful, to go through the form is mockery. So we think that it is well that it is unconstitutional to appoint thanks-giving-days, and it would, be better if our officials would conform to the Constitution in this respect; for them there would be less caricature of sacred things. The day when the Constitution is so changed as to make the requirement of religious forms constitutional, will mark the beginning of an era of national, enforced hypocrisy. Concerning the exclusion of the Bible from the public schools, Professor McCartney said: " Has it come to this, that the teacher must refrain from telling the child that God made him, and that Christ saves him, lest he should offend to the quick some unbelieving soul?" Well, why shouldn't it come to this ? The infidel pays as much money for the support of the school as his believing neighbor does, and therefore has as much, right as the other. The Professor would not think of forcing himself into an infidel's house, in order to teach his children concerning Christ. But the school-house is the property of the infidel as much as of the Christian, and his wishes are as much to be respected. It is not a mat-ter of sentiment but of right. To be sure, it is pitiful that children should be allowed to come up ignorant of the great truths of the Bible; but so long as this is a free coun-try, and there are men who are opposed to the Bible, we can_'t see how it can be avoided. There is ample provision for all who wish to be instructed in the Bible, and to have their children so instructed; and when a man is commissioned to preach the gospel, he should do so faithfully, no matter whom he offends. But the public school-teacher has no such commission. It is strange that men will be so blind in regard to this question of the Bible in the  public schools. Strange that they cannot see that it must either result in endless  contro-versies, or else to the teaching of the Bible with its truths so emasculated that it will be but hollow mockery. There are a great many different theories held by those who regard the Bible as sacred. The Unitarian would not want his child taught that Christ is God.; the Universalist would not want his child taught that they who reject Christ will be doomed to writhe in eternal torment; and there are differences on scores of points among the more orthodox. Of course each individ-ual who clamors for the Bible in the public schools, expects that his particular belief will be taught; he doesn't propose to have his child taught what he regards as heresy. So in order to avoid offense to anybody, the real, vital truths of the Bible will not be taught; and when the Bible is not taught in a way to convert the soul, its teachings amount to nothing. We have too much reverence for the Bible to wish to see it  lowered to the standard of a mere text-book, divested of its spiritual power. The Professor made the usual disclaimer of any intention on the part of National Reform-ers to unite Church and State. Said he : " Making a religious State does not establish a State religion. There is no proposal to rec-ognize one denomination more than another." Thus they make an arbitrary definition of Church and State union, and then say that they are opposed to that. The Professor's statement is an admission that the recogni-tion of any one denomination by the State would be a union of Church and State. Then will he tell us what name he would give to the recognition of 'all of them? Surely if one would be a union of Church and State, the other would be seventy and seven fold such a union. Nobody will deny that there was a union of Church and State in all Europe in the Middle Ages. But there was as much difference between the various orders -of Catholic monks as there is now among the various denominations of Protestants. Some-times one order would be specially recognized, and sometimes another, yet Catholicism was all the time supreme. So for this Govern-ment to recognize Christianity in any form, would be just as much a union of Church and State as that was. No matter what form of Christianity is patronized by the State, it will be only a form; the real principle always leaves as soon as the Church coquets with the State. Here is one of the Professor's significant sentences: " We are the farthest possible from proposing a union of Church and State ; and yet, my friends, there are worse things than that." Undoubtedly; but this world has never yet seen a worse thing. Again, he said that " many good men in Scotland have been tempted to go back from the Free Church into the Established Church, simply because there is so great a tendency toward secularism, and the Established Church stands as a bulwark against infidelity." Why did they ever leave the Established Church? Simply because it was only a religiolia shell. 