90 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. sure, they are seeking an alliance with Rome herself. And when these professed churches of Christ shall have formed their illicit connec-tion with worldly power, they will have thus turned themselves into a band of harlots com-mitting fornication with the powers of earth, as did their harlot mother before them. And then the inspired description of Babylon the Great will be complete: "Upon her forehead was a name written, MYSTERY, BABYLON THE GREAT, THE MOTHER OF HARLOTS AND ABOMINATIONS OF THE EARTH." Rev. 17:5. Let not the professed Protestant churches blame us for this application of the Scripture. They themselves have acknowledged the Church of Rome as their mother, and they need not blame us if we call attention to the Scripture description of the family. In the New York Evangelist of February 9, 1888, Rev. Charles W. Shields, D. D., of Princeton College, in proving that it would never do, in the reun-ion of Christendom, to forbid a doctrine of Apostolic Succession, said :Š "You would exclude the Roman Catholic Church, the mother of us all, the church of scholars and saints. . . . You would ex-clude also the Protestant Episcopal Church, the beautiful daughter of a beautiful mother." This declaration, although made in one of the most influential religious papers in the country, has never yet, so far as we have read, been repudiated or even criticised by any of the leading denominations, or by any paper of any of those denominations. We say again that when these churches declare and admit Rome to be their mother, and "a beau-tiful mother" at that, they cannot justly blame us for calling attention to the Script-. ure description of the family. The only things of which the Scriptures declare the Church of Rome to be the mother, are harlots. Therefore whatever church confesses Rome to be its mother, therein-confesses itself to be a harlot. And the Protestant churches of the United States, by their religid-political work-ings, are doing their best to make Doctor Shields's apparently representative confession a fact. We recognize and maintain the right of every people who believe alike to organize themselves into a church on whatever order they choose, and to call themselves by what-ever name they please; but we utterly deny the right of any church, or all of them to-gether, to use the civil power for any religious purpose whatever. We maintain . that any man has as much right to be a Methodist, or a Presbyterian, or a Congregationalist, as any other man has to be a Baptist, an Episcopa-lian, or a Lutheran; but we deny that any one of these denominations has any right to seize upon the civil power and compel all the others to act as that denomination shall dic-tate. We deny that all the others have any right to band together and compel any one denomination to conform to the dictates of the many. We maintain that any man in this Nation has just as much right to be a Catholic as any other man has to be a Protestant; but we deny the right of the  Catholics to compel any Protestant. to act as though he were a Catholic, as we deny the right of the Protestants to compel any Cath-olic to act as though he were a Protestant. We maintain that any man has just as much right not to be a Christian as any other man has to be a Christian; but we deny any right in those who are not Christians to compel any man who is a Christian to act as though he were not. And we likewise deny that there is any shadow of right in those who are Christians to compel any man who is not a Christian to act as though he were. Christians have no more right to compel any man to partake of Chris-tian ordinances, or to observe Christian insti- tutions, than those who are not Christians have to compel Christians not to partake of Christian ordinances nor to observe Christian institutions. This is the position of the AMERICAN SENTI-NEL, and we are Christians too. We know that to many this sounds strange, but it is a ,fact. We know that many who call them-selves Christians are just as ready to call us Liberals, and do call us that; but we are Christians nevertheless. We are glad, how-ever, to let all men know that there are ChristiansŠwe do not say that we are the only ones, but there are riot enough of themŠwho are liberal enough to maintain that all other men inalienably possess all the rights, human, civil, and religious, that Christians possess, We are compelled, also, in the interests of truth and right, occasionally to criticise the political workings of professed ministers of the gospel. We have all the respect for min-isters of the gospel that the Scriptures require men to have, but when professed ministers-of the gospel set themselves up as ministers of the law, both civil and moral, and of politics, then we no longer respect those men as min-isters of the gospel; for such they are not. Christ never sent any man fOrth as a minister of the law, either civil or moral, nor of poli-tics; and whenever any professed minister of the gospel sets himself to work by political influence to securethe enactment and enforce-ment of statutes compelling religious observ-ances, then he is doing what Christ never sent him to do, and he then ceases to be a minister of Christ or of his gospel. Both the editors of the AMERICAN SENTINEL are regularly ordained ministers of the gospel, but neither of them ever expects to become a minister of the law, either civil or moral, nor of politics. NOTE.ŠLet no one misconstrue our state-ment that any man has as much right to be a Catholic as any other man has to be a Prot-estant; and any man has as much right not to be a Christian as any other man has to be a Christian. This is not by any means an admission that the man who is not a Chris-tian is as near right as is the Christian, nor that the Catholic is as near right as is the Protestant. This is not a question of moral right but of civil rights. Of course no man has any moral right to be anything else than perfect before God; and :this perfection can only be attained through faith in Christ. But if any man chooses to despise the riches of God's goodness and grace, and refuses to be- lieve in Christ, no power on earth has any right to call him to account. He is responsi-ble alone to God, and whoever attempts to call him to account for neglect of the word or ordinances of God, thereby usurps the pre-rogative of God. And that is how it is that all men have the same equal and inalienable rights. A. T. 5. One Pope or Many? A FRIENDLY critic, who is a diligent reaci of the SENTINEL, and who has often written both criticisingly and approvingly, writes us a letter in which he says :Š "Don't be too sure that Protestant censor-ship of moral education in our schools will be ' scarcely less bearable' than Catholic censor-ship. Dr. Schaff includes the ' laymen' in his committee. I can stand a censor of my own choosing. I am willing to accept a censor chosen by the people. I can stand the tyr-anny of the people, but not the tyranny of the Pope or king. The tyranny of the latter is life-long; that of the people is soon cor-rected." Ł " I agree with you on the main issue against Joseph Cook and his Reform Associa-tion. But we must waive some of our pref-erences in the education of our children, for the sake of unity and homogeneity, the same as we waive some of our natural liberty for the sake of good order and good government. "`The consent of the governed 'Šthat is the jewel that must be preserved. Consent is the foundation of Protestant censorship. Dicta-tion is the foundation of Catholic tens -ship. The judgment of every man has a voice in the former. The selfish judgment of one man controls the latter. These facts should ever be kept in view in the examina-tion of Papal education and Protestant edu-cation. The supreme question is, Shall the people be sovereign over morals and religion? or shall the Pope? " I am for putting the Bible into the schools if thereby we can strengthen the sovereignty of the people." This language is the more significant from the fact that our friend declares himself to be an infidel. That such sentiments should be held by an avowed infidel, who is an intelli-gent, thinking man, a lawyer, is exceedingly suggestive of the ease with which National Reform, falsely so called, may some day count among its defenders those who claim to be the champions of liberty and "free thought." From other letters that we have received, as well as from utterances through the press, we are confident that there are many professed infidels who are preparing, perhaps uncon-. sciously to themselves, to fall in with National Reform ideas. We are more than ever convinced that the only true liberty, and the only real freedom of thought and action, are found in the religion  / of Jesus Christ, as proclaimed by the great Teacher himself. There can be no free man  except the one whom the truth makes free,Šthe truth as it is in Christ. We would ha-ve-all men know that the true religion of Chrip,i-stands for the most perfect liberty ; that it is the only real champion of human liberty. V 