THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 351 lectures and other entertainments. The discussion of the use of Sunday in Chicago during the World's Fair has directly affected the judgment of many Christians. Among the names subscribed to the Sunday plan at the People's Hall are several that appeared a year or two years ago against opening the exhibits of the World's Fair on Sunday. This is the undeniable benefit of agitation in this question, that the just and true and honest-hearted will see that coercion in religious matters is un-christian. When Christians perceive their error in this, they will renounce the whole fallacious line of thought and action and become Christians in-deed, after the pattern which the Master has set them. AMONG the rules adopted October 25, by the National Commission, for the governing of the World's Fair, is the following regarding Sunday closing:Š The Exposition shall be open for the admission of visitors during the six months, commencing May 1 and ending Oct. 30, 1893, on each day of the weekŠsubject to such regulations hereinafter pro-vided forŠexcept the first day thereof, commonly called Sunday, and on said last mentioned day the said Exposition and the gates thereof shall be closed. The hesitation about touching this question, man-ifested both by the national commission and the local directory, is an evidence that it is felt to be an unwarranted assumption of local control by the general Government, and that the management chafes under the restriction. IN the Northwestern Christian Advocate, of Chi- cago, of October 12, is the following:Š Should cholera or some other disaster send a panic around the world next year and make the Fair a failure, our city would remain in better shape in human history than if, after the congres-sional millions are secured, Chicago is permitted to dragoon Congress and compel a Fair open on Sun-day. By this the Advocate evidently means that a scourge of cholera, so severe as to make the hold-ing of the Fair an impossibility, would be pref- erable to an open Sunday Fair. And the Northwestern Christian Advocate is a Christian journal. Such a scourge of cholera would cause human sorrow and agony beyond computation. Yet such is an alternative the Advocate cheerfully accepts. And the Northwestern Christian Advocate is a Christian (?) journal Such a scourge would close the probation of many hundreds of thousands of human souls. Yet the Advocate is willing that this should be, rather than their probation be prolonged with an open opportunity to desecrate the Sunday at the World's Fair. Is the Northwestern Christian Advocate a Chris- tian journal? IN a note in this column, a few weeks ago, Con-gressman Hemphill, of South Carolina, and Mayor Hemphill, of Atlanta, Georgia, were thoughtlessly confounded. The records of the two men, in their respective spheres seem to be somewhat similar on the question of religious legislation. It had been understood, previous to the last session of Con-gress that Congressman Hemphill both compre-hended and advocated the correct principle of leg-islative non-interference in matters of religion, yet he urged upon the House during its last session, the adoption of the bill prohibiting the sale and delivery of ice on Sunday, in which it was legis-latively decided that Sunday was the Sabbath. At his instigation the bill passed the House. Mayor Hemphill, of Atlanta, was roundly de-nounced last August, by the religionists of his city for permitting street paving on Sunday, in Atlanta; he has now squared accounts with them by vetoing an ordinance of the Common Council permitting Sunday delivery of ice cream, etc. Mayor Hemphill owns a controlling influence in the Atlanta Constitution, which publishes Sunday editions, and also has a large interest in the Metro- politan dummy line, of Atlanta, which carries  seventy-five per cent more passengers on Sun day than on any other day of the week. It would seem that public men, from the council chambers of the Nation to the chambers of the town council, whatever their individual practice may be, and whatever their convictions may be as to abstract right and justice in these matters, still feel themselves bound to respect policy above prin-ciple and exercise what Senator Hiscock has so aptly termed " wise statesmanship." THE following is from the Chicago Daily News of October 31 :Š " The friends of an open Sunday for the World's Fair do not yet seem to be satisfied that they are defeated. " An association has been organized known as the ' World's. Fair Sunday-Opening Association.' Upon its advisory committee are the following gentlemen : Col. James A. Sexton, Hempstead Washburne, the Rev. Dr. Thomas, James W. Scott, the Rev, Minot J. Savage of Boston, the Hon. Frank Hatton of Washington. Samuel Gompers of New York, the Right Rev. Bishop Spaulding of Peoria, Ill , and the Rev. Robert Collyer of New York. Among its sympathizers, it is claimed, are his eminence, Cardinal Gibbons, the Right Rev. Bishop Potter of New York, Mrs. John A. Logan, the Rev. David Swing, the Most Rev. Archbishop Brennan of Dallas, Texas, and the Rev. J. T. Sutherland of Ann Arbor, Mich. The association has appointed Robert J. Thompson, secretary, and has temporary quarters at 160 Adams Street, Chi-cago. After Dec. 1, its headquarters will be the 17Villard Hotel, Washington, D. C. " Its object will be to devise all ways and means to induce Congress to revoke its recent action and give to the Fair an open Sunday. A circular has just been issued setting forth the views of the as- sociation and urging the people to have their repre-sentatives in Congress work for the repeal of the Sunday closing clause." A WRITER for the Pittsburg Press, of October 27, referring to the words of Rev. F. M. Foster at a meeting held in the city of New York, to ratify the action of Congress in closing the World's Fair on Sunday, where he said that the Christian churches should go officially to Washington and before Congress, and for this purpose " they should appoint a joint committee to speak for God," uses these words:Š Do you want any ecclesiastical " joint commit-tee" to pass judgment upon your rights and liber-ties, and utter the voice of God in the halls of Con-gress with reference to them? Do you want any man or set of men to speak for God to you and define your duties toward him and then compel you to perform them? If not. there is no time to be lost. The greatest danger to Amer-ican liberties lies in their fancied security. These can not be considered the words of an alarmist when it is understood what Mr. Foster considers would be the authority of this "joint committee," for in this very connection he said, " The voice of God, authoritative, official, is through his Church." Mr. Foster's call for a joint committee is then for the appointment of an ecclesiastical commission which shall deliver to Congress and the people the " authoritative, official " voice of God. "Religious Toleration vs. Religious Rights" Is a one cent tract, half that price by the hundred, that ought to be read by everybody. Strange as it may seem very few people even in this "land of liberty" have any adequate idea of what perfect civil liberty as regards religious faith and practice really is. This tract, No. 48 of the Sentinel Library, will set whoever reads it straight on this question. Ad-dress, Pacific Press Publishing Co., 43 Bond St., New York City. YOUNG PEOPLES' LIBRARY. SERIES I. Every volume in this library contains choice, wholesome, instructive reading, and, while designed for the young, it will be equally interesting to every member of the family. Each volume has 160 pages, is fully illustrated and substantially bound in fine col- ored cloth, handsomely embossed in jet and Šgold.Š Series 1 contains six volumes, which are as follows:- 1. FIJI AND SAMOA.ŠJottings from the Pacific, No. I. 2. JACK THE CONQUEROR. 3. SAVONAROLA, the Florentine Martyr. 4. THE TONGA ISLANDS AND OTHER GROUPS.ŠJottings from the Pacific, No. 2. 5. LETTERS FROM THE HOLY LAND. 6. AMONG THE NORTHERN ICEBERGS. The set, in cloth, in a box, sent post-paid, for $3.60; single volumes, 60 cents each; paper, 25 cents. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. 12th Sc Castro Streets, I 43 Bond Street, OAKLAND, CAL. Naw Yens. "The Children's Bible Hour" Is a most charming book of Bible stories for the little folks. It is finely illustrated by 68 full-page engravings, and can not fail to both please and instruct children of any age. The older children will gladly read it for themselves, while the younger ones will insist upon having it read to thein, as they will want to know all about the pictures, which will enable them to understand that which is read to them. This book contains 212 pages, 8 x 11 inches, is well bound in cloth, and is printed on excellent paper. It formerly sold for $2.50 per copy, but we have se-cured a lot at a figure that enables us to send them by mail, post-paid, to any ad-dress in the United States at $1.25 per copy. This is a rare opportunity to se-cure an excellent book at a very low price. Address all orders to Pacific Press, 43 Bond St., New York City. "Union of Church and State," No. 31 of the Sentinel Library, shows just what may constitute a union of Church and State, and is just the thing for those who imagine that nothing of the kind is possible in this country. This tract should have a wide circulation. Its price is also one cent per copy; 50 cents per hundred. Address Pacific Press Pub-lishing Co., 43 Bond St., New York City. The Little Schoolmaster in the Art of Advertising: PRINTERS' INK, A WEEKLY JOURNAL FOR ADVERTISERS, Will be sent to any address from date of order to January 1st, 1894, for ONE DOLLAR. After Dec. 31st, 1892, the subscription price will be advanced to $2 a year. Ad-dress (inclosing one dollar), PRINTERS' INK, 10 Spruce St. - - New York. For five dollars a copy of the "American Newspaper Directory" for the current year (1,500 pages) will be sent. carriage paid, to any address, and the purchase of the book carries with it a paid-in-advance sub. scription to $IIINTRIIS' INK for one year, 