JITNE 15, 1893.—4.1VI CA.N 189 and by inducing others to do the same. Now that the management has decided to return the Government loan, and both the local directory and the national commis-sion have voted to open the gates on Sun-day in response to public pressure, these threats are being renewed, and rule or ruin is declared to be the intention of the church element. All this may be according to the Chris-tianity of Christ, but it doesn't look so to us. It may be consistent with a religion which is ﬂ not of this world," and whose weapons are expected to be only spiritual ones, but it doesn't look so to us. It may be in accord with the principles of reli-gious liberty, separation of Church and State, and equal rights, but it doesn't look so to us.ŠIndependent Herald. Was It a New Thing? IF any are still disposed to think that the decision of the Supreme Court of the United States, of Feb. 29, 1892, declaring this to be a "Christian Nation," and cit-ing Sunday laws to prove it, made no new thing, let them consider the use that has been made of it and is still being made of it by the advocates of compulsory Sunday observance. Note the following:Š This decision is vital to the Sunday question in all its aspects.--Pearl of Days, May 27, 1892. This is a Christian Nation.ŠU. S. Supreme Court, Feb. 29, 1892. The Christian Church, therefore, has rights in this country. Among these is the right to one day in seven protected from the as-saults of greed, the god of this world, that it may be devoted to worship of the God of heaven and earth.ŠChristian Statesman, May 21, 1892. 'T is a Christian Nation, and therefore Sunday work is wrong, says the Rev. Herrick Johnson.ŠChicago Evening Journal, April 8, 1893. This is a Christian NationŠthe Supreme Court has so affirmedŠand we rejoice in the decision.ŠChristian Statesman, May, 6, 1893. A reporter for the Chicago Evening Journal recently-  interviewed a number of Chicago divines upon the question of en-forcing Sunday observance. The follow-ing is from his interview with Frederick A. Noble, pastor of the Union Park Con- gregational Church If Sunday observance as you advocate it is con-sidered oppressive by a majority of all the people, would you still enforce it ? Exactly as I would enforce the law in any other respect. The Supreme Court has declared this to be a Christian country, and the foundations of the country were laid in Christian truth.ŠChicago Evening Journal, April 8, 1893. The following also is from an interview with Rev. Dr. Withrow, pastor of the Third Presbyterian Church, of Chicago :Š Would you compel others to observe Sunday in your way ? Never 1 I believe in the fullest religious and civil liberty. But neither civil or religious liberty means lawlessness on the part of any portion of the community. There is a Sabbath observance law on the statute books of this and most of the other States, and the Supreme Court has lately recog-nized the Christian Sabbath. Sunday observance is the law of the land, and that must be enforced the same as any other law. Anything less than that would be anarchy.ŠIdem. In his " Brief " of April 1892, " in favor of keeping the World's Fair closed on Sunday," presented before the House and Senate committees on the Columbian Ex-position, Col. Elliott F. Shepard quoted that part of the decision of the Supreme Court mentioning " the laws respecting the observance of the Sabbath," and de-claring that " this is a Christian Nation." And Judge S. B. Davis, of Terre Haute, Ind., in an eight-page pamphlet which was generously, distributed at the hearing before the House Committee on the Co-lumbian Exposition last January, three  times cites this decision to prove the " con stitutionality of Sunday laws as affecting the Columbian Exposition." From all this it is evident that this de-cision of the Supreme Court did make some new thing. It made a foundation for the advocates of Sunday legislation to stand upon which they did not have be-fore,Šan " undeniable legal basis " for which they had so long been waiting. In other words it made the image to the beast. The Sunday law passed by Con-gress following this decision gave life to it. Thus it was declared would be the case. Our land is in jeopardy. The time is drawing on when its legislators shall so abjure the principles of Protestantism as to give countenance to Romish apostasy. The people for whom God has so mar-velously wrought, strengthening them to throw off the galling yoke of popery, will by a national act give vigor to the corrupt faith of Rome.ŠGreat Controversy Vol. IV (edition 1884), p. 410. When our nation shall so abjure the principles of its Government as to enact a Sunday law, Protest-antism wilt in this act join hands with popery; it will be nothing else than giving life to the tyranny which has so long been eagerly watching its oppor-tunity to spring again into active despotism.ŠTes-timony No. 33, p. 340. Thus it was in the creation of man. When God spoke man into existence he formed him of the dust of the ground; but he was not alive until God breathed into him the breath of life; then he be-came a living soul, and was capable of speaking and acting. The record in the Book of Jasher corresponding to Gen. 2:7, says that God formed man of the dust of the ground, and " blew into his nostrils the breath of life, and man, became a living soul endowed with speech." So in the formation of the image to the beast. The Government by its powers speaks it into existence. But the making of it is one thing, the giving life to it an-other, and the speaking and acting of it follow these first two necessary steps, it making use of these, and depending upon them, as it were, for its very existence. And all these different steps are indicated in the prophecy. First, the statement is that they should " make an image to the beast;" then "he had power to give life (margin, breath) unto the image of the beast;" and all this "that the image of the beast should both speak and cause that as many as would not worship the image of the beast should be killed." And what is the speaking of the image? As long ago as 1885 this word was printed The Sunday movement is now making its way in darkness. The leaders are concealing the true is-sue, and many who unite in the movement do not themselves see whither the undercurrent is tending. Its professions are mild and apparently Christian; but when it shall speak, it will reveal the spirit of the dragon.ŠTestimony, 32, p. 208. So it is the Sunday movement that is to speak; and when it speaks, its language will be that of the persecutorŠthe voice of the dragon. Already this is beginning to be manifest. The Christian Sabbath Watchman for March 1893 prints the fol-lowing from a speech made by Rev. Dr. Mackay Smith at the hearing in Washing-ton :Š The Fair managers have accepted the people's money under the explicit condition that they shall keep closed Sunday. They could have refused. But now, having pocketed the money, they want to evade or crawl out of the proviso. They should be compelled to do as business men elsewhereŠlive up to their agreement. Although this legislation was secured professedly in the interests of the laboring man, yet when the Central Labor Union, of Chicago, proposed to change their day  of rest to some other day and work on Sunday in order that they might visit the Fair and lose no time at their regular work, Rev. Dr. Bolton, of the Centenary Methodist Episcopal Church, Chicago, said :Š If the Union is in earnest let them try it. Then we will see if there is any law in this country.ŠNew York Mail and Express, April 4, 1893. And Rev. Dr. Henson, of the First Bap-tist Church of Chicago, recently gave,  utterance to the following :Š There is an attempt on the part of secularists to violate the Sabbath by suggesting that the Fair be kept open on the first day of the week. Congress has decided that the Fair shall be closed, and woe betide the man who plants himself in the way of God and the will of the Nation. The Nation has spoken, and it must be obeyed. . . Congress is not to be trifled with. It decided that the Fair should be closed Sundays, and it must be obeyed.ŠChicago Herald, May 1, '93 No one who reads these statements can fail to see that there is a compelling, per-secuting spirit behind this movement, and that persecution is to come out of it. But all this was involved in that first fatal step, the decision of the Supreme Court. Of this the National Reformers themselves have truly observed:Š All that the National Reform Association seeks Ł . . is to be found in the development of that royal truth, " This is a Christian Nation."ŠChris-Nan Statesman, Nov. 19, 1892. On this was based the plea for the law to close the World's Fair gates on Sunday, and who does not know that the same movement which secured this law will be the one which will demand the death de-cree for the extermination of those who refuse to observe the papal Sabbath ? The same spirit pervades them all. Tho first step involved the last.ŠW. A. Colcord, in Home Missionary. A Maryland Judas. Millington, Md., May 31, 1893. AMERICAN SENTINEL : Mr. Edgar Price, elder of the Seventh-day Adventist Church in this place, was arrested yesterday for working on Sunday. Mr. Price is ac-knowledged by all to be one of the best, most peaceable, and law-abiding citizens of Millington. Mr. Price was working in his barn, which is half a mile from the home of the informant and more than a fourth of a mile from any house. The informer is a member of the Meth-odist Episcopal Church and had heretofore been the recipient of many favors from the man he betrayed. Judas - like he came to the home of Mr. Price as a friend, sat at his table, partook of his hospitality, and then according to his own statement had him arrested to satisfy his church. At the magistrate's office he said he did not want to have Mr. Price arrested but, said the informer, "The church has done it." It was clear to all present at the trial that it was a case of religious persecution, and that the Methodist Episcopal Church here has simply used the informer to do its dirty work of persecution. Sunday work is a common thing in this town, and that by the very ones who have under-taken to persecute Mr. Price. Fishing is carried on all day Sundays, and at the present time goods can be bought in the store of one of the most violent opposers of Mr. Price and his faith; all this goes unnoticed. But when a man acknowl-edged to be a good citizen and a Christian, in the exercise of his God-given right, goes quietly about his work on Sunday 