88 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. TI?e An2ericar2  Be0i12e1. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, NOVEMBER, 1887. NOTE.ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. THE proceedings of the Saratoga Convention, to which reference is made in the leading ar-ticle of this paper, are printed in full in the Christian Statesman, September 1, 1887. St  THE article in this paper in which John B. Finch is mentioned, was in type more than a month before Mr. Finch's death. His death, however, does not affect the matter, as the principle is the same; and it is with principles and not persons that the SENTINEL deals. • Ł 1. LET it be graven as with an iron pen, upon the minds of the American people, that Her-rick Johnson, Joseph Cook, and the National Reform Association as a whole, are in favor of putting the Roman Catholic Bible into the public schools of the United States, whenever the Roman Catholics are in the majority. Ł 1- THERE are few clergymen of the United States who are more prominently before the people than Dr. Josiah Strong, author of " Our Country," and now secretary of the Evangelical Alliance. Recently in Boston, before a company of ministers and prominent laymen, he "represented that it was of the utmost importance that the masses be made to know that the gospel, and not the ballot, is the panacea for social problems." National Reformers and others please make a note of this. THE School Board of Pittsburg, Pa., have made a Catholic priest, Father McTighe, prin-cipal of one of the public schools of the city, and have appointed two nuns as teachers in the same school. Now if only that priest and those nuns will establish the Catholic Bible, and Catholic worship, and Catholic instruc-tion, in that school, we may expect that the hearts of the National Reformers will sing for very joy. For this is a long stride toward the point at which the National Reformers are aiming, and this is the very thing which the National Reform Association is commissioned by the Saratoga resolution to secure "if possi-ble," by an alliance with the Romish Church. THE Rome correspondent of the Catholic Mirror, writing under date of July. 12, says:Š " Monsignor Ruffo and his companions were well received in England, as you know from the reports of the English press. Mgr. Ruffo is convinced that the time is not dis-tant when an amicable arrangement will be made between the English Government and the Papacy and official representatives accred-ited from both. The queen was especially kind to the Papal , envoy, and. aseured him  that she remembered with great pleasure the visit made by the present Pope to Windsor [before he became Pope] after completing his mission in Belgium." We have no doubt at all that the-convic-tions of Mgr. Ruffo are well founded. 0 0 0 THAN Right Hon. Wm. E. Gladstone there is no Protestant who is better acquainted with the ways of Romanism ; and of it he says:Š " Ultramontanism has been very busy in making controversial war upon other people with singularly little restraint of language'  Ł and has far too little of the truth told to itself. Hence it has lost the habit, almost the idea, of equal laws in discussion. Of that system, as a system, I must say that its influence is ad-verse to freedom in the State, the family, and the individual; that when it is weak it is too often crafty, and when strong tyrannical." And yet the National Reformers Ł "regret to say" that up to August 17, 1887, no decided attempt had been made to secure the active co-operation of the Roman Catholic Church in subjecting this Government to the religious power! As such an alliance could be wished for only by the crafty or the tyrannical, the openly expressed " regret " of the National Re-formers that it has not been secured reveals at once the nature of the National Reform movement. Religious Intolerance. A SHORT time ago we gave an account of a Catholic procession in France, at which a man was beaten nearly to death for not taking off his hat as the procession went by. It will be remembered that that was given by the Chris-tian at Work as proof that France is not a godless nation. In the same paper, August 18, we have an account of another such pro-cession, this time in Spain, as follows :Š " The Spanish republic under Prim sought to establish religious toleration; and it was so successful that when the revolution came, and Alfonso ascended the throne, he had to accept the fact as a fundamental law. But the new law is not always respected, as the following shows. As the reader doubtless knows, in cases of administering the rite of extreme unction to the dying, it is custom-ary in Spain to go in procession through the streets, the priest carrying aloft the custodia,' and an acolyte ringing a hand-bell, at the sound of which all passers-by are expected to kneel until the procession passes. Since the establishment of religious liberty in /868 it is no longer obligatory on all to conform to this custom, and consequently many, from consci-entious scruples, refrain from doing so, al-though, if possible, they endeavor to get out of the way, so as not to give needless. offense. But the other day a poor womanŠa member of the Protestant communityŠwas passing through one of the streets of the town, and on turning a corner came into contact with `the procession of the host.' Not prepared to kneel, and unwilling to appear disrespectful, she stepped aside into a doorway to let the procession pass; but the priest rushed after her, dragged her out, and with great violence endeavored to force her on her knees. Not succeeding in this, he handed her over to two policemen, and charged her before the Judge of First Instance with insulting the estab-lished religion.' The judge took the priest's declaration [in writing], absolutely refusing to hear the poor woman, and ordered her off  to prison to await her trial. Heaven knows when this `trial' may come on, and so this poor wife and mother is excluded from her home for an indefinite period. It is gratify-ing to know, however, that the matter having come to the knowledge of influential parties in London, counsel has been secured and funds raised for the purpose of seeing that the poor woman receives justice." France and Spain are two of the European countries in which the Christian Statesman and National Reform "cordially and gladly recog-nize the fact that the Roman Catholics are the recognized advocates of National Chris-tianity and stand opposed to all the proposals of secularism," and which " in a world's con-ference for the promotion of National Chris-1  tianity could be represented only by Roman Catholics." Ł NEARLY every Protestant paper in the coun-try, whether religious or secular, has confessed it to have been the duty of Dr. McGlynn to go to Rome when he was commanded by the Pope to do so, to answer for his opinions that were already condemned. The truth is, that if he had gone to Rome, he could, and no doubt would, have been kept there forever, and that too in a dungeon, just as likely as not, unless he should have recanted. And even had he recanted he would never have been allowed to return to free America. The. chances are ten to one that had Dr. McGlynn gone to Rome he would never have been di-rectly heard of more. The Christian Advocate (N. Y.) has come nearer to the truth in the matter than any other paper we have seen. It says:Š " Once in Rome he 'could have been kept their indefinitely. He could be assigned to duty in any part of the world; could be cut loose from his life-work, and removed from all his associations and centers of influence, and be compelled to begin a new career under a ban." But Dr.' MeGlynn knows Rome's meth- ods too well to be caught in the toils of the Romish Inquisition, and he still breathes the free air of yet free America. But how long America shall remain free from Rome's pernicious power is a question. With the National Reform party and its allies endeavor-ing to create a constitutional basis for religious legislation in national affairs, and bidding for Rome's influence to help secure it; and with the press of the country siding with Rome in a controversy involving the right of free thought and free speech of an American citi- zen, the prospect is not very reassuring. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. t. AN EIGHT-PAGE MONTHLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fac -ricams. :1' Single Copy, per year, ----- 50 cents. To foreign countries, single subscription, post- paid  2s. Specimen copies free. AAdclress, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro St., OAKLAND, CAL. 