AmimrticA.N VOL. 10, No. 4. characteristic of the arguments(?) adduced. Dr. Henry M. Field, editor of-'the Evan-gelist, a leading Presbyterian paper of this city, said :Š I do think that we owe something to ourselves. Dante, we are told, was pointed put in the streets of Florence as the man who had been in hell. Dr. Parkhurst has been down into hell to try to drag up some of the poor unfortunates from it. I know that at the beginning of his work a great many clergymen passed by on the other side. But his work was neces-sary, and it was splendidly done. I asked Commis-sioner MacLeanŠthe only honest police commissioner Šwhether Dr. Parkhurst's work was needed, and he replied, "Dr. Parkhurst did exactly right." [What an argument! 1ŠEn.] I say that Dr, Parkhurst not only acted within his duty, but that never did he perform his duty so well as in this. He has done more to purify the city of New York than all the rest of us put together. This childish attempt at argument, by an editor of a representative Presbyterian paper, was greeted with loud applause on the part of the gray-haired and proverbi-ally conservative members of the Presby-tery, as was also the following speech by Dr. Shiland :Š Christ went among publicans and sinners to bring them under the influence of his gospel. We must not forget that. I may not approve of all that Dr. Park-hurst has done, but I believe that his work should have a monument higher than the Egyptian obelisk in the Park. It would be indelicate, as Dr. MullaJly intimated, to refer to some of Dr. Park-hurst's methods for the purpose of con-trasting them with the association of our Saviour with publicans and sinners and his methods of saving them, by way of replying to Dr. Shiland. At the conclusion of the discussion, the following resolutions were put to vote, and received a roar of " ayes," while the negative received Dr. Mullally's single but firm, clear, resonant " no ":Š Resolved, That the Presbytery of New York ex-press its gratitude for, and its pride in, the persistent, noble and successful efforts of our fellow-Presbyter, Rev. Charles H. Parkhurst, D. D., in the interest of greatly needed municipal reform. Resolved, That we rejoice in the success which he has had in arousing the Christian young men of the city to a realizing sense of their moral and religious duties as citizens, and in binding them together in ef-forts for the purification of our civil and social life. Resolved, That we recognize the gospel of Christ as the supreme remedy for every form of evil, and the Church of Christ as the agency by which the world is to be regenerated and saved, and, therefore, we believe that the moral teachings of Christ must be applied to every sphere of life, and that the Church should bear her testimony for righteousness and purity in all human affairs. We heartily commend Dr. Parkhurst for the faithful, heroic testimony which he has borne. We thank God for the favor which has made his efforts for reform successful. And we implore God's blessing upon them, that they may be permanent and completely triumphant. Immediately upon the passage of the resolutions, Dr. Mullally entered a formal, written protest involving the points of his address which will be recorded on the minutes of the meeting. After the pro-test was entered the moderator, Dr. Robert R. Booth, who by his impartial rulings and respectful attention to Dr. Mullally's speech and protest evinced the only sym-pathy for his position, then asked if it was desired to enter the customary reply to the protest. The question was answered by a chorus of disdainful "noes." One Presbyter added, " It answers itself," which was followed by loud laughter. We will not have space in this issue to comment upon these resolutions. Suffice it to say that they completely unite the Presbytery of New York, both as to func-tions and methods, to the civil government of New York; and besides, they indorse the immoral methods of Dr. Parkhurst,  and petition for the blessing of God on the immoral methods and the unholy union. The writer has witnessed many scenes in-volving the fall of the Protestant churches from the exalted platform of Protestant-ism, to the theory and practice of papal methods, but never one so complete and impressive. Verily the apostate Protestant " image " of the papacy, as predicted in chapters 13 and 14 of Revelation, is fast preparing to accomplish its predicted work. Preposterous Claims of the Papacy. THE Roman Catholic press of the United States, evidently by preconcerted action, is attempting to convince Americans that they are indebted to the Roman Catholic Church for religious freedom. This is a part of a great scheme to hypnotize Amer-icans until the Catholic Church gets in a position to strike the final, fatal blow to crush religious freedom. The Monitor, a Catholic paper claiming to have the largest circulation of any re-ligious paper on the Pacific Coast, con-cludes an article entitled, " Religious Lib-erty," with the following ridiculous claim : And it remains a supreme and significant fact that we owe all the blessings of religious freedom to the influence of a Catholic nation [France] and the teach-ing of a prelate [Bishop Fenelon] of tke church of Rome. As silly as is this statement, there is something more silly, and that something is a Protestantism that believes just that kind of nonsense, and is fawning and flat-tering Rom anists while rebuking as a bigot, him who fearlessly exposes the wiles of Rome and holds the "mother of harlots," drunk with the blood of the saints, rigidly to the logic of her claim that " Rome never changes." Were it not that there are so many non-Catholics who accept such nonsensical as-sertions, the SENTINEL would not stoop to notice them. But the situation demands that they be refuted with facts. In refutation of the statement that America borrowed her religious liberty principles from the French nation, it is enough to state that there never has been a separation of Church and State in France like that inaugurated by the founders of the American Constitution; and if there had been, it would have been accomplished in opposition to the Roman Catholic Church, rather than by its aid. If any wish to read of the attitude of Roman Catholic France to the principle of religious freedom, let them read the history of Roman Catholic France. Let them read of the fiendish slaughter of Albigenses; the satanic torture of the Waldenses; and the unutterable crimes committed against the Huguenots; all of which were instigated by Roman Catholic popes, engineered by French Roman Cath-olic rulers, and enacted by French Roman Catholic soldiers. Roman Catholic France the author of religious freedom! No, no more than was the devil the author of the sermon on the mount. The second claim, that America is Ł in-debted to Bishop Fenelon, a French prel-ate, for its principles of religious freedom, is equally absurd. Fenelon, according to the Monitor, wrote his religious liberty ideas in 1745, but the Monitor ought to know that Martin Luther and the Augs-burg Confession, more than two centuries before, had reannounced to the world the primitive Christian truth of separation of Church and State. It would be indeed amusing if it did not involve serious considerations, to see the frantic efforts of Roman Catholic au-thorities in America to manufacture for themselves a certificate of character. .Af-ter passing all the popes, cardinals and archbishops in the whole history of the church, they finally claim to have found a bishop in France who was opposed to burning men's bodies to save their souls. Eureka! Let Americans calm their fears; the Roman Catholic Church is the author and conservator of religious freedom in America and the world. Never mind the incessant thunderings of infallible popes against religious free-dom ; never mind the warning of more than a thousand years of papal torture, inflicted upon dissenters by sword and flame, dungeon and rack; never mind all this, we have found a bishop in France who was opposed to proselyting by the sword. Never mind the fact that for holding these views, he was charged by his brother prelates with being a Protes-tant; never mind all this, just keep your mind on the thought that America owes its liberties in religion to the Roman Catholic Church. We just now think of an imaginary parallel. It is like the late Jesse James asserting that he was the author and conservator of public safety, and as a rea-son why everybody ought to believe it, and elect him president of the United States, he should refer to a dead second cousin who never killed anybody. Americans, don't be fooled by this religious liberty song of the papists. It is composed and sung exclusively for Americans. When-ever it is sung, meet it with a dirge com-posed from the groans of tortured Prot-estant men and the wails of outraged Protestant women. A National Reform Assumption. Ł ONE of the assumptions of National Re-form, and of governmental religion under any name, is that by a profession of Christianity a nation is made better. In the late New Castle convention it was repeatedly said that " our officers ought to be Christian men," and that " then we should have no Lexow Com-mittees and no such revelations of corrup-tion as those in New York that so recently shocked the moral sense not only of the United States but of the world." Of course the idea was that under the administration of Christian men, corrup-tion would not exist. This is quite true. If it were possible to have a government carried on by Christian men, it would of necessity be honestly administered; for it is the Christian rule to "provide things honest in the sight of all men." A dis-honest man is not a Christian man; and this applies not only in private life but in official position as well. Every Christian must take his religion into public office to the extent that it must make him an honest man; but not in the sense of using political power to further the ends of his creed or church, or of using political power to enforce his religion upon others. The .very foundation principle of Chris-tianity forbids any such use of civil power. The one all-comprehensive rule which must govern the real Christian in all his dealings and relations with his fellow-men is, "All things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them." And this forbids all use of official positiou or of civil power for the 