AMERICAN SENTINEL. 329 allowed to possess the islands their altars will be dese-crated and the churches changed into Protestant chapels. Instead of there being pure morality, as now, examples of vice will only be inculcated." THE "pastoral letter" of a Roman Catholic archbishop ought to contain good Catholic doctrine; and if this is good Catholic doctrine in the Philippine Islands, it is good Catholic doctrine anywhere. The item concludes:Š "The archbishop appointed May 17 as a day of re-joicing over the renewed consecration of the islands to the sacred heart of Jesus." Being thus "consecrated" according to the valid Ro-man Catholic form, how can good Catholics anywhere give assent to the invasion and forcible seizure of the islands by the American troops? We do not see the logic in Catholic devotion to a non-Catholic country, against one that is strictly Catholic. In the Name of Hypocrisy. THE Methodist Ministerial Union of Omaha, Neb., are hard at work to secure Sunday closing of the gates of the Trans-Mississippi Exposition. To this end they have circulated petitions throughout the States participating in the Exposition, to be filled with signatures and for- warded to the managers of the same. The petitions as sent out by the Union for circulation were accompanied by the following printed note:Š "DEAR BROTHER: "Inclosed find a petition for the closing of the gates of the Trans-Mississippi and International Exposition on the Sabbath. "The management has received some petitions in favor of Sunday opening, and we believe they are predis-posed in favor of granting that request. "Nothing but prompt, energetic action on the part of lovers of the Sabbath will prevent the opening of the gates on that day. "Please circulate this petition quickly. The case is urgent. Much depends upon you. Secure all the signers possible and return to Rev. J. B. Maxfield, D. D., 2202 Miami St., Omaha, Neb., as early as May 1, 1898. "By order of the METHODIST MINISTERIAL UNION." The petition, with some reasons alleged in its sup-pc rt, reads thus:Š "PETITION FOR SUNDAY CLOSING. "To the Management of the Trans-Mississippi and Inter-"national Exposition. "Town , State 1898. "GENTLEMEN:ŠWe are not advised as to whether you intend to open the gates of the Exposition on Sunday or not, but in advance of any announcement regarding this feature of the case we do not hesitate to express our con-victions touching the question; and, as citizens and voters of this great Trans Mississippi territory, like your-selves we are interested in the success of this great Inter-national enterprise and make use of our privilege in peti-tioning your honorable body in the interests of good or- der and morality; and, therefore, as men over twenty-one years of age, and women more than eighteen years of age, we beg leave to say we would regret the demoraliz-ing effects of opening the gates to the public on God's holy day; and, furthermore, we believe that more people would gladly contribute to the success of the enterprise if the gates shall be closed on the Sabbath. "We hereby record our opposition to the opening of the gates on the Sabbath for the following reasons:Š "1. It would be a violation of God's law, upon the keeping of which depends the prosperity and perpetuity of this nation. "2. It would be in violation of the statutes of the commonwealth of Nebraska. "3. Many employes would not only be deprived of the rest and privileges of the Sabbath, but would be com-pelled to work in violation of their consciences. "4. Many would be obliged to forego the pleasure of a visit to the Exposition, on account of the conscien-tious conviction that it would be wrong to patronize an institution that desecrates God's holy day. "5. It would be a scandal to the fair name of our great West. "6. It would weaken the public conscience, lessen the reverence of the masses for law, and render the enforce-ment of law much more difficult than heretofore. "7. It would set a dangerous precedent for all future enterprises of a similar kind." This Exposition being, as we understand, a private enterprise, not under the management or control of any department of the Government, there can be no objection to Sunday closing based on the principle of separation of church and state. But the reasons alleged in support of the petition are, for the most part, in violation of this principle, and its circulation is designed to create a senti-ment in favor of enforced religion. Petitions do not rep-resent persuasion, but the force of,  public opinion. The petition is entirely uncalled for, for two reasons. First, if the managers really have a regard for Sunday, they will close the Exposition on that day of their own free will and accord, without any pressure being put upon them. And, second, If they have no regard for Sunday as— a sacred day, it will be but a hypocritical pretense for them to "keep" it anyway, and not an act that will strengthen the cause of righteousness and truth. Sunday is not the Sabbath. But even supposing it were, its cause could gain nothing by its being forced upon the people. God wants people to regard the Sab-bath dayŠto love it. And if they have no regard for it as his holy day, they will not stand any better with him by adding hypocrisy to their disregard of God's com-mandment. That is what the Methodist Ministerial Union really ask by this petition. Evidently believing that the man-agers of the Exposition have no real regard for the day, they ask them to become hypocrites before God and man, in order to strengthen the public conscience and maintain the reverence of the masses for law; in short, in order to save the nation. We do not believe in a scheme of national salvation which puts a premium upon hypocrisy. 