"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT." Jesus  Christ, VOLUME 14. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 5, 1899. NUMBER 39. Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional. Or Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay forit. (Entered at the New York Postoffice.) THE devil is a master hand at the game of politics. .4 .4 THE true theory of civil government is no respecter of persons. IT is a good deal better to look at the dark side of truth, than at the bright side of error. IMPERIALISM takes away the enlightening torch in the hand of the goddess of Liberty, and puts in its place a dripping sword. .4 .4 SINCE the "prince of this world" is Satan, to ask Jesus Christ to be this world's king under the present order of things, is to ask him to go into partnership with the devil. .4 .4 THE "powers that be" which are "ordained of God," are not the power ordained of God to spread the gospel in the earth and turn wicked men "from the power of Satan unto God." io4  WHAT is the use of trying to overthrow the demon of Sabbath desecration, by means which have proved wholly inadequate to dethrone the demon of intemper-ance? Only that which will cast out the latter from its seat of power in the heart, can put down the former. The true remedy for one moral evil is a remedy for all. IF there could be such a thing as a "civil" weekly sabbath, it would be necessarily a counterfeit of the divine institution, and would therefore be under the divine condemnation. IT matters not what any man may do to become morally better if he does not believe the Word of God; and as belief must be wholly a voluntary act, it follows that men can not be made better than they areŠsociety can not be savedŠby any system of force. .4 .4 As NO one can keep a command of God without faith, and Sabbath-keeping is a command of God, no one can keep the Sabbath without faith; and therefore all the resolutions that can be passed by trades unions, or leg-islation enacted, on the subject of Sabbath observance, can not promote such observance in the least. Force vs. Example in Civilization. THE United States has started out on a career of conferring the blessings of its civilization upon other peoples of the earth, by force. In not every case may it be compelled to subjugate such a people by actual war, as in the Philippines; but in every case its policy is to enforce complete submission to its sovereignty, as the first step to the realization of the promised blessings. In changing to this policy from that heretofore pur-sued, the United States has exchanged the power of persuasion by example, for the power of compulsion through fear. It has declared that the latter is more potent for lifting people to a higher civilization than is the former. It has declared that people can be unwill-ingly lifted to this higher plane more readily than they can be willingly. It has declared that the sword is a mightier civilizer than the pen; that the whirlwind and 