TI-18 AMERICAN SN'I'INTE14. ° Irt their exhibits shall not be open to the public on the first day of the week. Christian sentiment all over this Nation is against running the Fair seven days in succession. Did not the United States Supreme Court decide but a few days since that this was a Christian country ? In the case of the minister who carne to New York under an agreement with a congregation to act as their pastor, and was fined for violation of the law against contracts for alien labor, Justice Brewer very properly asserted from the Supreme bench that ours was a Christian land, and that such a construction of the law was con-trary to public policy. The President of the Sabbath Union and all other religious legislationists may well plume themselves upon this decision from Justice Brewer; in it he has given expression to opinions which as coming from the Supreme Bench will have no small bearing upon the enforcement of religious law in this country. As has always been the case with the yearly agitation of the different phases of the Sunday question before congressional committees, so this year the desire to con-centrate upon congressmen the multiplied force of ministerial eloquence has brought to the committee rooms and the corridors of the Capitol, a contingent of visiting clergymen. Opportunity is thus made for their voices to be heard, upon the subject of religious law and its enforcement, in the different churches of the city. At the present time, Rev. Mr. Stevenson and Rev. Mr. George have both spoken with a certain voice. Mr. Stevenson makes a noble and eloquent appeal for the Sabbath of the Bible, shows its inviolability, and that it is an eternal sign between God and his people, his memorial, and then de- scending to pathos,Šand to Sunday,Š says :Š My State, Pennsylvania, is in danger of losing her Sabbath this present session of Legislature. Shall we as a Nation have a Sabbath ? It is the living issue in every State. We are asked to say before the world,Šbefore fifty-eight nations,Š" We have no Sabbath." It is the duty of Government to preserve the Sabbath, it is made to protect Sabbath rights. Mr. George says that the question whether we shall have a Sabbath is to be settled in 1893; the alternative, in his mind, being that the opening of the Fair on Sunday will do away with the Sabbath. It is evidently part of the general pro-gramme that Washington pulpits shall be occupied from time to time by different clergymen of prominence in the Sunday-law movement. The District Commissioners, in order to keep in sympathy with a Presbyterian administration and the rapidly growing political influence of the National Reform Association, have openly favored the rigid application of the Sunday laws for the District of Columbia, now in force, and the addition of others which may be more readily enforced. The various bills pre-sented by recommendation of the Com-missioners for the regulation of the liquor traffic in the District have always con-tained a close Sunday clause though with wide open privileges for the rest of the week. Their last order is to compel all proprietors of billiard tables, pool tables, bagatelle tables, Jenny Lind tables, or other like tables, shuffle boards and bowl-ing alleys for public hire, in the District of Columbia, to remain closed during the twenty-four hours of Sunday. THE political strength which the party of religious legislation is gathering, is well exemplified by the position on the Sunday-closing of the Fair, with which Senator Matt. Quay, of Pennsylvania, is credited.  According to the newspapers the name of Quay has for years been synonymous with utter lack of political conscience ; but now a conscience has been found for him in reference -to Sunday at the World's Fair. He is reported as being much shocked at the idea of opening the Fair on Sunday, and as saying, " No I am not in favor of it; no possible good could be accomplished by keeping the Fair open on Sunday, other than increase of revenue, and the opinions of those who are opposed to such a course should be respected. I am personally op-posed to keeping the Fair open on Sun-days." Mr. Quay is a politician from Pennsyl-vania, and the law and the politics of that State is now very largely religious. The Pennsylvania politician who should array himself against religious laws at the pres-ent time would commit a grave error of judgment, politically speaking. The era of religion in politics is now well under way. W. H. M. Washington, D. C. Does the End Justify the Means? ONE argument advanced in support of Sunday laws is thatŠ the Nation can not be preserved without religion, nor religion without the Sabbath, nor the Sabbath without laws; therefore, Sabbath laws are enacted by the right of self-preservation; not in violation of liberty, but for its protection. This is plausible, but none the less fal-lacious. A like argument might be made to justify State support, or patronage, of religion; for instance : " The Nation can not be preserved without religion, nor religion without general Christian educa-tion; nor can such education be given to all unless the State does it; therefore, the State should teach religion for its own, preservation. The State teaches religion by the right of self-preservation, not in violation of liberty, but for its protection." This is substantially the argument used by Emperor William I. in 1878, when in writing to the Marquis of Roon, he said :Š This denial of God goes hand in hand with social-democracy, and here in the midst of peace we have arrived at a condition which the French Revolution reached at its most horrible stage, i. e., the aboli-tion of God. A few months later, alluding to die re-vival of faith in God which he conceived to be politically essential, the Emperor wrote :Š A beginning has been made through the new law, but the shattered foundations of the Church must now be strengthened. With William I. the question of reli-gious education of the people was purely political; it was for the preservation of the State; and why was not the argu- ment just as good and just as valid when applied to the matter of religious educa- tion as when applied to Sunday laws ? The same reasoning is in Russia used against that most exemplary of Russian sects, the Stundists. In the Finsk Tid-skrift for February, B. Estlander says:Š The situation of the Stundists became very much embarrassed in the seventies, when the nihilistic propaganda was on the increase. . . . In 1884 the Bishop of Mohlieff reported to the Synod that " the influence of the Stundists is very injurious to the people's religious faith." "They create discon-tent among the people against the existing author-ities of the State."  Of course the State had to defend itself against a people that threatened its very existence; hence, the repressive measures adopted against those very pious and in-offensive people. Self-preservation of the State also is  urged by William II. in justification of his Educational bill.* In May, 1889, the Emperor said :Š That the school may be made serviceable through-out its various grades, in working against the spread of socialistic and communistic doctrines: is a thought with which I have been long occupied. . . . The school must endeavor to impress the conviction on young minds that the teachings of Social Democratism are not only contrary to the law of God and Christian principle, but are un-practical, and dangerous in the sequences to which they lead, both as regards the individual and so-ciety. For these reasons the Emperor has been lending his influence and power to bring about a closer union between the Church and the school. His object is not reli-gious but civil; for while the authority of the Church over the school is largely increased, it is only for political purposes, and with political results. Says the Countess Von Krockow, in the Independ-ent :Š Whatever success has been achieved by re-enforcing the authority of the school with that of the Church, has been a success strictly and purely political. Neither religion nor morality has been conclusively advanced by the plan. Morality is no higher than in countries where the Church is in-dependent of the State ; and all lay interest in Church affairs is even sunk below that which is found in States with secularized schools. And again, the same writer says that the idea is to enforce the injunctions of His Majesty, to purify the school of unacceptable teachers, and to impress upon every child born in the kingdom the fear of God (Gotten furcht; "fear," mind you; these military statesmen say nothing of love). . . . The influence and power which is lent to the two chief churches of the country is lent upon the as-sumption that both are inimical to Democratism. . . . Prussia calculates that Evangelicals and Catholics will march divided, but strike united. The scheme is to give the churches, Protestant and Catholic, control of the schools; the churches in return to give the empire the full weight of their in-fluence in opposition to Socialism, which in the Emperor's view would mean noth-ing short of social anarchy; hence, to his mind, the measure is one of self-preserva-tion for the empire, and so, fully justified in the very nature of things. Something of the extent of the power given to the Protestant and Catholic churches, may be estimated from the fact that there are 66 per cent. of schools with only one teacher, and the Emperor pro-poses to give the priests and clergymen the right of withholding from teachers the privilege of giving religious instruc-tion, that is to say, the right to be teach-ers at all, for a " teacher publicly branded as unfit for giving such instruction be-comes done for," as a German writer has expressed it. Thus the power of the Church over the school is to be made absolute for civil purposes; the Church and the State in Germany are to be more firmly united than before, but only for political reasons. Is it, however, any the less a union of Church and State because the State, and not the Church, is to be the chief bene-ficiary ? Another point of interest in this matter is the fact that in this more perfect union of Church and State, the school being the connecting link, the point of contact, the union of the State is not with a single sect, but with several. But does that make it * Since this article was put in type the Educational bill has been withdrawn, but only because of the strength of the oppo. sition to it. The conflict between Monarchy and Socialism goes on just the same; and the principle remains unchanged. For the present that particular measure has been defeated, but as long as the principle that civil government may, for political purposes, champion religious institutions and enforce religious dogmas and observances, is admitted, the danger will remain. The contest is probably only begun in Germany. A truce has been declared; the real battle may come later. 