AMERICAN SENTINEL. The man whose question had completely silenced me, stood a moment watching the effect of his words, and then with a sarcastic expression flavored with a sort of a patronizing pity for my evident distress, turned to his desk, and began, I suppose, to try to get hold of the work which had been interrupted; while I sat, turning his question and the situation over in my mind, and wonder-ing if indeed God had hidden his face in anger, or if we had as yet failed to find his way out of this perplexing labyrinth of evils and of sorrows which are included in the intricate windings of the "Sum of all Villainies." As I sat brooding over the question, suddenly a thought flashed into my mind, and then followed what I have always called my revelation. My heart gave a leap of joyful surprise, for I seemed to see the end within reach, by a way so simple and natural, so philosophical, so in harmony with every principal of righteousness, so far-reaching, that I was thrilled and enthused with a new courage. I said to the man at the desk, "Come here, please, I have something to say to you;" and he arose and came toward me. "I have an answer to your question," I said. "You want to know what we women will do about it. I will tell you, for I have just found out. The trouble is that, while there are a great many good men who look at this question of the saloon just as we women do, there are not enough of them; that is all. They are in the minor-ity, and must be reinforced, and we women must do it. The majority of the members of the W. C. T. U. are moth-ers; of the rest the majority are teachers. We have the crude human material in the cradles, the schools, the Sunday and mission schools, and the slums are full of it waiting to be gathered up and utilized. We will go to work on this crude materialŠthe boys of this nation. Some of them are pretty young yet, but that is a defect that time will remedy; give us a little time"Šand I began to tell off the years rapidly in my mind. "Give us thirty-five years at the furthest, and, by a process of education, training and development, we will produce and present to this nation a majority on the right side of this ques-tion; men who will look at it as we do, and will some day snow the liquor traffic under with a pure man's clean ballot so deep that it will never know a resurrection. This thing will we do, God helping us." 0, the inspiration of that possibilityŠof what then appeared to be a certainty! I have many times tried to repeat these words in telling this story, just as I spoke them that day to my audience of one; but the fire that burned in them at that moment could never be repro-duced. And how true it seemed ! Surely nothing could be more logical. It evidently struck my audience as a foregone conclusion. He turned white as death, and for a moment had nothing to say; but rallying himself, with a light nervous laugh, he turned on his heel, saying, "That will be a good idea; I would advise you to do it; it will keep you out of mischief." "I will," I retorted, "I will go out and begin now." Four Acts in a National Drama. BY H. F. PHELPS. FEBRUARY 29, 1892, will ever be memorable from the-fact that it was upon that day that Justice Brewer of the-Supreme Court of the United States sent forth his dictum, that "This is a Christian nation." Not only did he do -this most un-American act, but he did lay hold of that sacred document, the Constitution of the United States, and declared that that instrument "voiced the same-thing." It is scarcely necessary to say that in so doing he misinterpreted, and misconstrued, and perverted the-Constitution from its original intent and purpose. The next event in the scene was the establishment of a papal court at Washington, D. C., with Mgr. Satolli as-its first delegate; and that for a wicked purpose,Ša jesu-itical act in the final subjection of this nation to papal control. Referring to the appointment of Satolli as papal ablegate in this nation, the Rev. Joseph Cook says: "But Satolli is in America to make the most of press, pulpit, platform, and the secret power of the confessional to ad-vance Romish pretentious smoothly. . . . His taking up his residence among us as first incumbent of the office of a permanent apostolic delegate, is an omen of mischief to American institutions." For had not the Supreme Court of the United States, in that dictum of Justice Brewer, declared for a legalized Christianity, the very image and likeness of papalism? And would not Rome-lay claim to that which was her own? Then quickly followed the third act in the drama, that of Bishop O'Gormon, at the World's Catholic Con-gress, taking out of the mouth of Justice Brewer, the very line of argument which he used to prove that -this is a Christian nation," as proof that this is a Catholic Christian nation. In the meantime, as a sort of an ac-companiment of this third act in the drama, the nation,  in the person of its citizens and officials engaged in ex-tending congratulations and welcomes to this emissary of disruption of our institutions; which thing was again repeated at the coming of the second ablegate, Mgr. Martinelli. Satolli, in turn, shouted to his countrymen, for he saw that the way was clear, "Go forward ! In the one hand bearing the emblem of truthŠthe Bible (the Catholic Bible, of course), and in the other the Constitu-tion" (of the United States as interpreted by the Supreme Court, of course). From that time to this, Rome has put on a. bolder front than before, declaring that she was. preaching "bold doctrines to Americans;" and doing all in her power to make this a Catholic Christian nation. And now comes the fourth act in this greatest of all Ł tragediesŠfor it is and will be nothing short of a trag-edy from this time forward to the end. This fourth act is in connection with the Hispano-American controversy. There is no room for doubt but that Pope Leo would most gladly have accepted a call from this Government-to act as arbitrator of this trouble with Spain, according 