American NEw YORK, SEPTEMBER 22, 1898. THE anarchist who assassinated the Austrian empress said that such deeds were necessary to call attention to the anarchist's unhappy lot. In this he defined anarchy as being the exact opposite of Christianity, since the true Christian is continually calling the attention of men to the happi-ness of his lot. Christians, of all peo-ple on the earth, are least open to the charge of being anarchists. IN what is said in this issue on the subject of "faith cure," we would not be understood as saying that prayer should always be the last resort for the restoration of the sick. What we do say is that the "faith cure" idea that no treatment should ever be used in any case of sickness, is wrong, and contrary to faith itself. The pathways of faith and fanaticism are sometimes not far apart. AMONG the demands which will be made by the American peace commis-sion upon Spain respecting the Phil-ippines, it is said, is that of entire separation of church.  and state in that portion of the islands which it is proposed to leave under Spain's control. This would be asking Spain to maintain a colonial government radically different from the govern-ment at home, or to renounce the union of church and state to which she has strictly adhered for centuries. In any case it would be a demand at which Spain would stand aghast. The Spanish people must be brought to see and abhor the evil of such union before they can be expected to embody the principle in their govern-ment. AIR. GEORGE GOULD,. millionaire,  just returned from England, predicts for the country an era of great busi-ness prosperity. We hope he may prove a true prophet, but sometimes rich men see prosperity where there is nothing for the poor, and the in-crease of their wealth tends only to ncrease the poor man's stock of envy AN unwonted spectacle was enjoyed by the official head of the Roman Catholic Church in this country, Cardinal Gibbons, on the 17th inst., in the city of Washington. It was that of the President and his cabinet in attendance at a mass conducted by the cardinal in St. Matthew's Catholic church. The Supreme Court was also represented in the person of Justice Harlan. The mass was in commemoration of the murdered empress of Austria, and was under the auspices of the Austrian Minister to this Govern-ment. It was thus an official act of the Austrian government, but it was no less truly a religious ceremony of the Roman Church. It is entirely proper, of course, for the President to express sympathy to the afflicted persons and the people upon whom this tragedy has cast its shadow. It is entirely proper for him and for any official of the Gov_ ernment to be present in official ca-pacity at a ceremony for the purpose of showing proper courtesy to a forŁ eign government. But it is not proper for him or any official, in,  official capacity, to do honor to an institution of the Catholic Church, or of any other church. On the con-trary, it is highly improper. The Austrian government repre-sents a union of church and state. A mass performed by a Catholic prelate is deemed therefore by representa-tives of that government, a perfectly  proper occasion for their presence it( official capacity. But the President of the United States is the chief rep-resentative of a GovernMent funda-mentally opposed to union of church and state. For him to do honor to the principle of church and state union represented in the Austrian of-ficial mass- performed by Cardinal Gibbons, was to dishonor the princi-ple which is fundamental in his own government; and to honor it in his official capacity was to dishonor this American principle in the name of the American people. The SENTINEL emphatically dissents from any act done in honor of a for-eign government, at the expense of the honor due the Government estab-lished upon the foundation of reli-gious freedom. It is entirely too much to ask of this Government that it shall honor another government by dishonoring itself. Rome sees all this with rejoicing and will know how to make use of it at the proper time. THE New York Times, in discussing the subject of "the Roman Church in our new possessions," says that that church "must be maintained in full efficiency in Cuba, Porto Rico, and the Philippines." No view of the sub-ject could be more short-sighted than this. Deliverance from papal domi-nation and a knowledge of the gospel of salvation through faith is the one great object which Providence has had in view for these poor people through all the changes that have led up to their present state. God has had a hand in all these, and with him all things are secondary and made subservient to the proclama-tion of his truth. We are in the clos-ing days of time, and the proclama-tion of the "gospel of the kingdom" is going to every tribe and people. It is going to the benighted dwellers in the far-off isles,Što the Philip-pines, and to every other quarter of heathendom; and nothing can stop it. All the wars, the revolutions, the changes of 'government which these tracts of earth have experienced hith-erto, or will experience, are but side issues compared with that. $entinei. Ł and discontent. But there is one way in which ant and every person may secure prosperity, and that is by laying hold of the wonderful op-portunities brought to him by Chris-tianity. The cost at which those opportunities were secured for him, and the wisdom of Him by whom they were secured, is sufficient guar-anty that they mean prosperity of the highest degree to him. They bring him richesŠriches real and lit-eralŠand safer and more enduring than the gold in the Bank of Eng-land. There is prosperity for every man in this world, any time and all the time, if he is willing to accept it in Jesus Christ. 