AMERICAN SENTINEL. 738 Powers to be simply armed robbers, who are determined to despoil them of their territory, and whom it is im-possible to resist. The conduct of the so called Christian Powers has been in direct opposition to the teaching of their religion, and the best of the people turn away from a fath which is powerless to restrain from unright-eousness the nations which profess it. It is easy for the West to talk of its benevolent purposes and its civilizing mission; to the people concerned the process is mere robbery. "Christian missions are therefore needed in China as a witness to the righteousness of Christianity, a protest against the outrages perpetrated in its name." But how can the Christian missionaries effectively protest against these outrages committed by the "Christian nations," when they remain identified with those very governments themselves? When Christian missionaries go before the heathen not as representa-tives of a government which in the name of Christianity perpetrates outrages upon those for whom they labor, but only of the government of heaven, then will Christ-ianity cease to be indentified with hypocrisy and injustice in the heathen view, and then will Christian missionary effort be freed from an incubus under which it is hope-lessly handicapped in heathen fields. To all interested in carrying the gospel of Jesus Christ to the inhabitants of other lands and who desire to assist in supporting missionaries already placed and others who may engage in the work, the opportunity is given to make an offering to the Foreign Mission Board of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination. Such donations should be sent to the FOREIGN MIS-SION BOARD, 150 Nassau Street, New York. TO OUR PATRONS: I. Write Names Plainly. 2. Remit by P. O. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Rana Draft on New York. Personal cheeks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co. not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper moiley or coin is sent, register the letter. AM C_A_N S  1-4;1ŁTTIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom, promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, .either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, Single Copy, Per Year - $1.00. " Six months - .50, it " Three months - ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York, '"'""""'  -- '''' 1111"--=_1111-.. ,.. l'-'"'" "NIIffi 1 alii" s7 Ł ''ff'''' I II Ł ___:  . 1111 ik I tl  dint . Ł Ł  li;., 011iii .J11-.. .... ..kW:g...:311:::,...4mil:--- Meals without Meat Have you stopped to think of the disease germs so often contained in meat? A great many people have done so and as a result are discarding its use altogether. Many more would do so if they knew how fully and completely the place of ALL flesh foods is supplied by the 400 dishes described in our new book, "A FRIEND IN THE KITCHEN." Just how simple, palatable, yet scientific, these recipes are can only be known by testing them, therefore we make the following E ,xamination Offer We will send a copy post-paid on tei days' approval. At the end of that time you can either purchase or return it, and in the latter case no questions will be asked. The book contains 136 pages, and is strongly bound in waterproof cloth. Price, 60 Cents. It PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO. OAKLAND, CAL. 39 Bond St., New York City 18 W. 5th St., Kansas City, Mo. , . ..- . 9 The Boys' Book of Inventions. BY RAY STANNARD BAKER. The author gives most interesting accounts of some of the most note-worthy marvels of modern science, such as the Submarine Boat, Liquid Air, Wireless Telegraphy, Tailless Kites, Motor Vehicles, Flying Ma-chines, etc. A book of 350 pages, and over 140 illustrations. Decorated cloth binding. Size5%x8X. Price $2.00 Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York City. and from the utterances of prominent men in the Christian world, to show that while society needs reforming sadly enough, such reformation can standard works of various denominations, from denominational organs, never be effected by law. Four pages. Price - - - - 1%c HOW SHALL WE REFORM SOCIETYI Quotations are made from hh Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISIIING Co'4 39 Bond St., New York. 