288 'THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. VOL. 5, No. 36. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 11, 1890. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL Without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE Czar of Russia, who is the head of the Greek Church, demands that the Pope shall address him as an equal, which the Pope refuses to do. A Western paper thinks that the Pope has the better claim to pre-eminence, since he is the bigger humbug. But to us this seems like " snap judgment," for since each, being but a man, claims to, be the head of, " the only true church," how can the.. claim of one be any more preposterous than that of the other ? " EVERY Sunday, " says the World, " which finds thousands of people in our large cities without means of lawful and innocent recreation and refreshment, deep-ens the popular determination to make our laws conform to the conditions and customs of a cosmopolitan population. " The determination ought to be to make our laws conform to justice, and to the natural rights of the citizen. This they can never do as long as they are used to enforce the observance of any religious institution whatever. THE Dial, of Oakland, California, makes the following excellent point, on Mrs. Bateham, of Ohio, who is assisting in the California Sunday campaign :Š Mrs. Bateham illuminated her speech at the Pres-byterian church, Thursday night, by saying that the people of Washington awoke after twenty years, and found that they had no Sabbath law. Dear Mrs Bateham, Sister Bateham, do you not know that you have proved too much ? See! With-out any law the sleepy and highly religious people of old Washington observed the Sabbath wellŠso well as to stand in the front rank of all SundaY observing cities. If this was the result of having no Sabbath laws, why do you complain ? Friend Dial, you must not expect Mrs. Bateham to be consistent; but you can depend upon an Oakland audience to ap-preciate the dilemma in which she has placed herself and the cause which she represents. Ł MR. JOHN N. STEARNS, Corresponding Secretary of the National Temperance Society, has transmitted to the American Sabbath Union the following resolution, adopted at a regular meeting of the Board of Managers of the Society :Š Resolved, That the Board of Managers of the National Temperance Society, in behalf of its mem-bership throughout the Nation, earnestly protests  against the opening of the World's Fair on the Sabbath day. This strikes us as being a little out of the line of' the legitimate business of the_  National Temperance Society. If the managers want to throw their influence in favor of Sunday closing of the Ekposition, they should do it on their own responsi-bility ; they have no right to commit the Society upon such a question. JOSIAH STRONG, Secretary of the Evan-gelical Alliance, says :Š All laws may be said to limit individual liberty, but just laws restrain, each in the interest of all; they draw the circumscribing line only where the liberty of one overlaps that of many. Hence, law in a much larger sense, is the guardian of liberty. This is true of. our Sabbath laws. Whatever can be said against them, as infringing personal liberty, may be urged with greater force against our com-mon school laws ; they rest on the same foundation and are alike pillars of our free institutions. Is it a sound conclusion that, " this is true of our Sabbath laws," and that " our common school laws rest upon the same foundation " ? By school laws, of course, he means those which require attendance upon school for a stated period. Are laws enforcing compulsory attendance upon school, and laws enforcing compul-sory observance of Sunday, parallel ? They are not. Why not ? Because com-mon school education is a secular matter entirely, between the State and the parent and pupil; but Sunday observance would bring in another factorŠGod. Do the two rest upon the same foundation ? They do not, unless the State is God, and God the State. However, that is just the proposition into which the National Re-form doctrine invariably resol,res itself. LAST week we stated in a last-page note, that the Republicans of Wisconsin had declared in favor of the Bennett law; but we had not, at the time of making up our paper, seen a copy of the platform adopted by the convention which renominated Governor Hoard, and we find that 'we were misled by telegraphic statements, sent out evidently by those whose wish was father to their statements. That part of the Wis-consin Republican platform relating to the Bennett law, is as follows :Š The Republican party in convention assembled, declares its devotion to the common school as the chief factor in the education of the people, and *pledges itself to support, strengthen and defend it. It recognizes as valuable auxiliaries in the work of public education the private and parochial schools, supported without aid from public funds, and dis-claims absolutely any purpose whatever to interfere in any manner with such schools, either as to their terms, government, or branches to be taught therein. We affirm the right and duty of the State to enact laws that will guarantee to all children sufficient instruction in the legal language of the State to en-able them to read and write the same. We believe that the compulsory education law passed by the last Legislature is wise and humane in all its essen-tial purposes, and we are opposed to its repeal, but at the same time we assert that the parent or guard-ian has the right to select the time of year and the place, whether public or private, and wherever lo-cated, in which his child or ward shall receive in-struction, and we pledge ourselves to modify the existing law so that it shall conform to the forego-ing declarations. We further believe that-all children between the ages of seven and fourteen years should be protected by appropriate legislation from the evils, physical and mental, arising froth their employment in fac-tories andfsimilar places of work, and that adequate provision: should inade for the care of children incorrigibly truant. We are Unalterably opposed to any _union of - Church and State, and will resist any attempt upon the part. of either to invade the dominion of the other. We repudiate as a gross Misrepresentation - of our purposes the Suggestion, come whence it may, that we will in 'any manner invade the of conscience and trample upon parental rights Or re-' li 'ens liberty. Our only purpose in respect to the educational policy, of the State is Łto secure to all children within its borders, at the earliest practicable age, proper equipment for the discharge of the or-dinary-duties Of citizenship, and, to this end, alike important to the State, to the children, -and to the parents of the children, we invite the co-oper-ation' and aid of all broad-minded and patriotic people. This, we take it, comes far short of the indorsement desired by the ultra friends of the Bennett law. America says of it :Š While this is not precisely a straddle, it is a cam-paign manifesto that does not seem to stand squarely on the ground which is expected to witness the triumph of true Americanism in domestic legislation. IT is evident that the friends of the law do not find in the Republican indorsement all that they would wish to find; but it is pretty certain that there is in it all that there ought to .be. As we remarked in our note last week, the law as it stands is unworthy the support of either of the great parties, and we are glad to know that it has been fully indorsed by neither party. The State will have very little trouble in guaranteeing to all children sufficient instruction in the English lan-guage to enable them to speak and write it. Every foreigner desires his child to have a knowledge' of the language of the coun-try, and every child desires such a knowl-edge for himself ; and the fear that any considerable number of children, in. any part of this country, will fail to secure the instruction necessary to enable them to read and write English, is practically groundless. The anti-foreign sentiment which is being so assiduously cultivated in certain quarters, would better be di-rected against foreign paternalism in government, than against the use of for-eign languages in our schools. English, which is already the language of commerce in all nations, and which bids fair to sup-plant the French as the language of di-plomacy, will certainly never fall into disuse in any part of this country. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preserva-tion of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending towards a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. SINGLE COPY, PER YEAR, POST-PAID, . . $1.00. In clubs of ten or mole copies, per year, . . . . 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid. Cs. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 BOND STREET, NEW YORE. 