THE AMERICAN S-ENTINEL,.  147 The fact that the Presbyterian Church, and the New York Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church, are willing to propose to the people of the United States as a national and enduring moral-ity a system which makes no mention of Christ, and which is but a pagan system is a fearful commentary upon the relig-ion which they hold and set forth as Christianity. The repudiation of the Wisconsin decision as " un-American and pagan" can have but little weight, when done by those who propose the establish-ment of a national morality which is wholly pagan.  A. T. J. ¥¥¥-¥ .1%"o government can have any but an unlawful, sinister object in vies' by seeking the Support of any system of religion, or forming a political alliance ,ntith its pro-fessors. The Divine Right of the Parent. THE following article is taken from the argument of Mr. J. H. M. Wigman, be-fore the Supreme Court of Wisconsin in the elate case of the Bible in the public schools. The principles here announced are worthy of all acceptation. His state-ment of the divine right of the parent, is the truth of God:Ñ If the Superintendent of Public In-struction has the right to place the King James version of the Bible in a list of text books and authorize the district board to adopt it as such and order or permit the teachers to read it to our children, then it necessarily follows that he has the right to adopt any other version; such right or power would make him the supreme in spiritual over our children and destroy all religious liberty and rights of conscience. All the various versions of the Bible are sectarian books, whether it be the Douay version used by Catholics, or the King James version used by most Prot-estants, or the recently revised version given to the world by the. American and English Commission. And it is a viola-tion of our Constitution to allow any Bible, be it either Catholic, Protestant, Jewish, or Mormon, to be road in the public schools and thus force, or surrep-titiously impose, a doctrine upon a child adverse to the faith of a parent. It will not do to say that only certain chapters were read and that these chap-ters are substantially the same ; if the teachers have the right to select these chapters, they have the right to select others. Neither will it do to say that the Bibles are substantially alike; every one who has ever made a comparison knows such is not the case. But suppose that all the Bibles were substantially the same, but that while Catholics so regarded them, Protestant neighbors should just as honestly, though mistakenly if you choose, take a very different view of the  matter; would it, we ask, be right for Catholics because of their numerical ma-jority to force Protestant children against the protesting consciences of their parents to study or read the Catholic instead of the Protestant Bible, accepting the Cath-olic ipse dixit for the fact that both Bibles were alike, while the Protestant could be-lieve nothing of the kind ? Certainly this would not be our idea of religious liberty, whether practiced by Catholic on Protest-, ant or by Protestant on Catholic. If the Superintendent of Public In-struction or the board of education of Edgerton, composed as it may be of self-righteous Christians may require the King James version of the Bible to be read to the children of unwilling parents, he or they may require it to be taught and ex-pounded; another board made up of an-other class may require another version to be read, taught, and expounded: for while the Protestants have their King James version, the Catholics have their Douay version; the Jews, while rejecting the New Testament, have the Old for their Bible; the Mormons have their version and if the Board at any time be made up of professed infidels, they may substitute the teachings of Tom Paine's " Age of Reason," or another class may substitute the Koran. The question is not as to whether the Catholic is right, for this is purely a the-ological question which not even the Legislature, in all the profundity of its wisdom and the plenitude of its power, has the authority, to determine. The only thing which the State Iias a right to de-mand of Catholics is that they act the part of good citizens and the naked ques-tion, stripped of all disguises, resolves itself into this simple proposition:Ñ " Can a Catholic, believing as he does about the Bible be a good and faithful citizen ? If he can, why allow a school board or teacher to force upon the chil-dren of the relators an abandonment of their faith by impressing on their minds a doctrine contrary to the faith of their parents ? Why mock them with the idea of religious liberty while compelling them to be taught that their religious belief which they derived from their parents is false ?" The reading of the King James version may be in accordance with the teachings of most Protestant sects, but it is against the teachings and belief of the Roman Catholic Church and if allowed, it gives one sect an advantage over another sect. It is an attempted control of and intoe-ference with the right of conscience, by giving a preference to the Protestant'sect. Our Constitution gives the right to every man to worship Almighty God ac- cording to the dictates of his own con-science and provides that that right shall never be infringed, nor shall any control  of or interference with the right of con-science be permitted or any.preference be given by law to any religious establish-ment or mode of worship. [SEc. 18, Art. 1, Constitution of Wisconsin.] Judge Cooley in his work on Constitu-tional limitations, page *469, says: "There is no religious liberty where one sect is favored by the State and given an ad-vantage over other sects. Whatever es-tablishes a distinction against one class or sect is to the extent to which the dis-tinction operates unfavorably, a persecu-tion, and, if based on religious ground, a religious persecution." We say then that the attempt of the district board and the teachers of the schools of Edgerton to read the Bible to the children of unwilling parents is a vio-lation of the Constitution; it is a violation of the liberty of conscience; as much so as it would be to compel them to embrace Judaism or Paganism. Suppose that at some future time a Jewish citizen should be elected to the office of Superintendent of Public Instruc-tion, and that he should place upon, and recommend in, a list of textbooks, (amongst which should be Jewish books,) a Jewish Bible, and that the district board of Ed-gerton should be composed of Jewish citizens who, .animated with the profund-ity of the wisdom of the present school board, should undertake to adopt such books, what would our self-righteous Christians, who now compose the school board, say ? Would they raise no objec-tion ? Would they call this non-sectarian teaching ? Would they allow a teacher, either directly or indirectly, to teach their children against their will, that he whom they believe to be the Messiah, the Lord, and Maker of heaven and earth was, after all, only an imposter ? Are any of them base enough to answer this question in the affirmative ? Upon what principles of justice dare they then deny to others the right and privilege they claim for themselves ? It will not do to say that the Superintendent of Public Instruction has selected the King James version. Who has given him authority so to do, from so many other translationS, no two of which even agree in all essential particulars ? Can he or the school board ostracise the children of a denomination of Chris-tians by having a book introduced, read or taught as a " Bible " which they are taught and believe is not the Bible ? We should be pleased to know what the qual-ifications of the Superintendent of Public Instruction or the school board are for as-certaining which amongst all the conflict-ing translations of the Bible is the correct one. Has either of them ever studied, or is either of them familiar not only with the Latin and Greek but also with the Hebrew, the original language of the Scripture ? The Old Testament was writ-ten in Hebrew except some parts in Chal-dee and Syriac. 