MAY 25, 1893. Ł CAN IR,NriElIEN.k.,,E.d. 163 made me a judge or a divider over you ?" Luke 12: 14. And when the people would have taken him and made him a king, he withdrew himself from them, and went to the mountain alone. John 6 : 15. The last night he spent on earth before his crucifixion, and in the last talk with Pilate before he went to the cross, he said, " My kingdom is not of this world." John 18 : 36. Thus the throne of the Lord has been removed from this world, and will be no more in this world nor of this world, until, as King of kings and Lord of lords, he whose right it is shall come again. And that time is the end of this world and the beginning of the world to come. This is shown by many scrip-tures, some of which it will be in order here to quote. To the twelve disciples the Saviour said : " I appoint unto you a kingdom, as my Father hath appointed unto me; that ye may eat and drink at my table in my kingdom, and sit on thrones judging the twelve tribes of Israel." Luke 22: 29, 30. As to when this shall be, we are informed by the Word in Matthew, thus : " In the regeneration when the Son of man shall sit in the throne of his glory, ye also shall sit upon twelve thrones, judging the twelve tribes of Israel." Matt. 19: 23. And the time when he shall sit upon the throne of his glory, is stated by another passage in Matthew, ' thus : " When the Son of man shall come in his glory, and all the holy angels with him, then shall he sit upon the throne of his glory : and before him shall be gathered all nations." Chap. 25 : 31, 32. By these scriptures and all others on the subject, it is evident that the kingdom of Christ, the kingdom of God, is not only not of this world, but is nevermore to be of this world. There-fore while this world stands, a theocracy can never be in it again. From the death of Christ until now, every theory of an earthly theocracy has been a false theory. And from now unto the end of the world, every such theory will be a false theory. The Logical Conclusion Reached. IN an editorial article written during the first week of the World's Fair, the Chicago Herald says :Š If the directors will listen to the protests voiced last Sunday in the vast multitude that sought ad-mission, and in the rather scant attendance week days up to this time, they will open the gates of Jackson park next Sunday and every Sunday thereafter. Give Congress back its paltry appro-priation and let the American people rule the Columbian Exposition. It belongs to them. It is certain that Congress was outside its legitimate sphere of legislation when it passed the Sunday-closing proviso. Congress of course has a right to affix con-ditions to appropriations which it may make, but it has no right to attach any religious condition or test to any legisla-tive act. This Sunday closing was a re-ligious condition, it affixed a test of the performance of a stated religious form as the condition precedent to acceptance of an appropriation. This test Congress had no right to establish, and if Congress had no right to make it, the National Commission and the Local Directory could not properly accept it. If they did accept .it, that would not cure the fatal defect of unconstitutionality in the original act. The Directory of the World's Fair and the National Commission were not gifted with supreme legislative capacity by which they could render bad law good  law, and make constitutional that which was unconstitutionalŠwhat the supreme law of the land, by which all legislative acts must be corrected and adjusted, ren-dered invalid and ineffectiveŠthat no private corporation, or creature of Con-gress, could render valid or effective. Congress passed, and the President of the United States signed, an act which was constitutionally invalid. The World's Fair authorities formally promised to obey the unlawful requirement, and lastly, due obedience was rendered. But had all this any effect to annul the phrase of the Con-stitution which says that "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof " ? Certainly not. If that clause of the Constitution was in force when Congress passed the Sunday-closing pro-viso, it is in force now. However, this was not the first step. The three possible stages of legislative discrimination, in religion, asserted in the convention which adopted the Virginia "Declaration of Rights," as the logical progress of reli-gious legislation, have been consecutively reached. The Supreme Court has given a judicial preference to Christianity in this country. Congress has discriminated in favor of a certain body of ChristiansŠthe World's Fair authorities have enforced the dis-crimination. This is the complete judicial, legislative, and executive series. Because the Commission and the Directory have consummated the judicial theory and the legislative mandate by the executive act, it does not of necessity follow that the theory was correct and the whole series sound. On the contrary deductions from an unsound premise must necessarily be unsound. In this case the theory being false, the entire series falls. As a mat-ter of charity, and what, in many bus-iness circles, would be thought an un-necessary refinement of conscience, the World's Fair authorities might kindly refund the $2,500,000 granted them with a proviso attached which was void from the beginning, but they could not neces-sarily be compelled so to do. Congress has trifled with this matter in the most pitiful manner. It passed legislation which many did know and all should have known, was forbidden to it. Then, too weakly proud to acknowledge an error, and too politically timid to take any course to undo its effects, it subse-quently diverted a portion of its gift, with the intent, probably, on the part of cer-tain ones at least, to raise a question as to whether or no Congress had not, by breaking faith, released the Fair from its acceptance of the proviso, because the proviso was accepted as to the whole, and not as to a portion. When the supreme law-making power of the country can be influenced to such things in the face of the earnest warnings from its own statesmen, spread upon the pages of its own early records, how can it be said that the American people still rule ? And what, now, belongs to them ? W. H. M. THE best security for the Sabbath is not in any civil law, but in its holy ob-servance by those who love its great Founder. Let our own example strengthen that moral sentiment in the community which is more powerful than anything else for the preservation of the Sabbath. ŠN. Y. Christian Advocate. The Sunday Question Discussed by an Imprisoned Adventist. THE question of Sunday observance is the question of to-day; and that it is part of history and prophecy no one can deny. In the prophecy of Daniel, beasts of fierce character, and otherwise, are used to show governments of like character. In Rev. 13, the last power or government is shown coming up, having two horns like a lamb, but speaks as a dragon. It makes an image to the beastŠthe PapacyŠand it is to cause the earth and the inhabitants thereof to worship the first beast, or in other words, to acknowledge its authority. The Roman Catholic Church " changed " the Sabbath, and thus fulfilled Dan. 7 : 25. History agrees with this; and the Cath-olic Church claims Sunday sas a badge of its authority to " command feasts and holy days." When the World's Fair Sunday-closing measure was before the United States Senate, they deliberately took the fourth commandment and substituted therein the first day for the seventh. Now look for a parallel. On the occasion of the fifty-third anniversary of the Philadelphia Sabbath Association, Rev. Dr. R. C. Matlock, in an earnest address before this body, discussed the observance of Sunday from the standpoint of religion, morality and patriotism. Rev. Dr. J. A. Worden delivered an address on the proposition that it is God's purpose to make America a great Christian Nation to evangelize the world; that America has a special mis-sion to fulfill in the observance of Sun-day; and that such observance largely rests upon the individual. He called at-tention to the fact that some of the European powers had issued Sunday postage stamps in order to get the senti-ment of the people regarding Sunday rest. He spoke of the position this coun-try has taken, and of the present oppor-tunity,Šthe World's Fair in progress, all nations represented, Šour country will thus give new life and impetus to the Sunday question all over the world. Who can doubt that we shall soon see the fulfillment of Rev. 13: 12: " And causeth the earth and them that dwell therein to worship the first beast," or ac-knowledge his authority ? The ministers and the religious senti-ment are the direct agencies in this move-ment. The Apostle Paul says, " Stand fast therefore in the liberty wherewith Christ has made us free." Gal. 5: 1. "Why is my liberty judged of another man's conscience ?" 1 Cor. 10:29. Where is the Spirit of Christ in this Sunday law ? In John 13: 34, 35 a new commandment is given, which is quoted by our Sunday friends as showing the old not binding. It is, "That ye love one another; as I have loved you, that ye also love one another. By this shall all men know that ye are my disciples." If we take the Bible as our standard, (and all Sunday advocates profess to) and measure their Sunday en-forcement by it, not many disciples will be known by any man. It can not be the love of Christ that constraineth us to force our neighbor's conscience. Whose love is it ? A de- scription of this spirit is found in Rom..  10 : 2, 3. "For I bear them record that they have a zeal of God, but not according to knowledge, for they, being ignorant of God's righteousness, and going about to establish their own righteousness, have not submitted themselves unto the right- 