THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 55 truth of history is, that the framers of in- strument were nearly all, if not quite all, be-lievers in Christianity, and Jefferson was not in the convention, nor in this country when it was made. From the days of Constantine to that time no case could be cited in which the union of Church and State had not proven pernicious to both. Dr. Crosby has put the matter well when he says: "The moment you put religion in the hands of the Government you do what Constantine did, and will bring about the dark ruin of the tenth century." Conversely, when you put the Government un-der church control, the history of the Roman church in its wars and persecutions, the In-quisition of Torquemada, the fires of Smith-- field, and the bloody records of witchcraft and 'hanging of 'Quakers is prophetic of what will follow. These unions have never purified politics, always have degraded religion. We know it is claimed that the age of perse-cution is passed. 'Tis not so. We see around us constantly reminders that human nature is always the sameŠand as long as we have bigots in religion we will have the spirit of ',persecution that would employ fire and fagot - if it dared. How often do we hear it claimed that only members of church arc fit for pub-lic stations. All pains and penalties and dis-abilities imposed for lack of belief in dogmatic theology, whether it be by the State or by the Church, is against the genius and spirit of American institutions; and he who advocates it is disloyal to that freedom of conscience which every truly good citizen Ł clainis for himself and freely accords to others. Man's religion is a matter wholly between the Creator and the creature; and homage is voluntary, belonging to a realm over which no human authority extends. Neither State nor Church can coerce men into piety, or sub-jugate individual reason. " Each soul, as to its faith, its thoughts, and affections, and the obligations which bind it to God, is as free from the rightful control of human au-thority as it could be if no such authority ex-isted. This is what is meant by religious free-dom ; not from God's authority, but man's authority; so that each one is left to follow the dictates of his own conscience." All the right-ful duty of Government in matters of religion, is to protect. We have written these things because of the efforts being made by the National Re-formers to change our Constitution, under which men enjoy full liberty of conscience, and have prospered more than another people,. and because we fear Pharisees more than pub-licans and harlot's. Better let it beŠlet well enough alone, and take no steps in the direc-tion of the conditions in the time of Constan-tine, Louis XIV. of France, the Common-wealth rule in England, or the Puritans in Massachusetts.ŠEaton (Ohio) Register. Ł Ł  1. THE church has no need, no call, no busi-ness whatever, to turn farmer, tradesman, spec-ulator, politician, distributor of . prizes, come-dian, cook and caterer, or anything of the kind, no matter how excellent the opportunities and how golden the prospects may appear.ŠSel. The Promoter of Sin. THE author of the " Philosophy of the Plan of Salvation " truly says : " All happy obedi-ence must arise from affection, exercised to-ward the object obeyed. Obedience which arises from affection blesses the spirit which yields it, if the conscience approve of the ob-ject obeyed, while, on the contrary, no be-ing can be happy in obeying one whom he does not love. To obey a parent, or to obey God, from interested motives would be sin. The devil might be obeyed for the same rea-son. All enlightened minds agree to what the Bible confirms, and what reason can clear]. perceive without argument, that love for God is essential to every act of religious duty. To tender obedience or homage to God, while we had no love for him in our hearts, would be dishonorable to the Maker, and doing violence to our own nature." Than this we know of no paragraph in all literature that more clearly reveals the essen-tial wickedness of all. enforced conformity to religious duties, and therefore the wicked cruelty of all State interference in religious things. "No being can be happy in obeying one whom he does not love." Therefore for Governments to compel men to conform to duty toward God while bearing in their hearts no love for him, is only to compel men to sin, because, saith the Scriptures, "Whatsoever is not of faith is sin." While for the State to offer inducements to men that would lead them to conform to religious duties from in-terested motives would also be sin. " To ten-der obedience or homage to God while we have no love for him in. our hearts, would be dishonorable to the Maker, and doing vio-lence to our own nature." Now such is pre-cisely what the National Reform scheme pro-poses to do to the people of this nation. The National Reformers propose to compel men to tender obedience and homage to God; while they have no love for him in their hearts. Therefore the direct result of the triumph of National Reform principles will be to compel men to dishonor their Maker and do violence to their own natures, and thus vastly to in-crease the ratio of sin in the nation and has-ten its destruction. Switinel Tracts, THE Pacific Press, Oakland, Cal., has just issued some new tracts treating upon the subjects discussed in the AMERICAN SENTINEL which they will send, post-paid, at the rate of one cent for each eight pages. The following are the names of the tracts:Š Religious Liberty, 8 pages; National Reform is Church and State, 16 pp. ; The Republic of Israel, 8 pp. ; Purity of National Religion, 8 pp. Ł What Think Ye of Christ? 8 pp.; Religious Legislati. u, 8 pp.; The American Papacy, 8 pp.; National Reform and the Rights of Conscience, 16 pp.; Bold and Base Avowal, 16 pp. ; National Reform Movement an Absurdity, 16 pp. ; The Salem Witchcraft, 8 pp. ; National Re-form Constitution and the American Hierarchy, 24 pages. One copy of each of the above excellent tracts will be put up in a neat package which will be sent post-paid to any address for 15 cents. Or eight packages for $1.00. They can be obtained from any S. D. A. City Mission, State T. and M. Secretary, or Pacific Press Publishers, Oakland, Cal. OUR GENERAL AGENTS. Alabama and MississippiŠElder C. W. Olds, 520 Sixteenth Street North, Birmingham, Ala. AustraliaŠEcho Publishing Douse, North Fitzroy, Victoria. British GuianaŠGeorge Amsterdam, Georgetown, British Guiana, S. A. Canada Tract SocietyŠR. S. Owen, South Stokely, P. Q. Colorado Tract Society-167 Clement St., Denver, Col. ConnecticutŠS. L. Edwards, Middletown, Conn. Dakota Tract SocietyŠVilas, Miner Co., Dakota. Delaware and MarylandŠD. C. Babcock, Frederica, Del. Districtof ColumbiaŠInternational Tract Society, 1831 Ver-mont Avenue, N. W., Washington, D. C. EnglandŠThe Present Truth, 72 Heneage St., Grimsby, Eng. Florida Tract SocietyŠBox 232, Jacksonville, Fla. GeorgiaŠCharles P. Curtis, 229 South Pryor St., Atlanta, Ga. Hawaiian IslandsŠInternational Tract So., Honolulu, H. I. Illinois Tract Society-3652 Vincennes Avenue, Chicago, Ill. Indiana Tract Society-32 Cherry St., Indianapoli,, Ind. Iowa Tract Society-603 East Twelfth St., Des Moines, Iowa. Kansas Tract SocietyŠ..or. of Fifth St. and Western Avenue, Topeka, Kan. Kentucky Tract SocietyŠElsie Scott, Cecilian, Hardin Co. , Ky, Louisiana Tract Society-321 Second St., New Orleans, La. Maine Tract SocietyŠNo. 1 Johnson St., Bangor, Me. Michigan Tract SocietyŠHattie House, Sec., Review and Her-ald Office, Battle Creek, Mich. Minnesota Tract Society-336 Lake Street E., Minneapolis, Minn, Missouri Tract Society-2339 Chestnut St., St. Louis, Mo. Nebraska Tract Society-1505 E St., Lincoln, Neb. New EnglandŠN. E. Tract Society, South Lancaster, Mass. New York Tract SocietyŠBox 113, Rome, N. Y. New ZealandŠInternational Tract Society, Turner St., off Upper Queen St., Auckland, N. Z. North PacificŠN. P. Tract Society, Box 18, East Portland, Or. NorwayŠSandhedsbladct, Christiania, Norway. Nova ScotiaŠElder I. E. Kimball, No. 69 North Park St., Hal-ifax, Nova Scotia. Ohio Tract Society-178 Warren St., Toledo, Ohio. Pennsylvania Tract Society-5 Madison St., Wellsville, N. Y. SwitzerlandŠImprimerie Polyglotte, 48 Weiherweg, Basel, Switzerland. Tennessee Tract SocietyŠSpringville, Henry Co., Tenn. Texas Tract SocietyŠMrs. Lee Gregory, Sec., Denton, Texas. Upper ColumbiaŠU. C. Tract Society, Mrs. L.- A. Fero, Sec., Walla Walla, W. T. Vancouver IslandŠBernard Robb, Victoria, B. C. VermontŠLizzie A. Stone, South Lancaster, Mass. VirginiaŠLillie D. Woods, Quickshurgh, Va. Wisconsin Tract Society-1209 Jenifer St., Madison, Wis. THE SASEATEI QUESTION IS THE .LEADING SUBJECT OF THE D.A.Y. THE GREAT DEMAND OF THE HOUR, FROM THE PULPIT AND THE PRESS, IN SOCIAL CIRCLES AND IN LEGISLATIVE HALLS, IS That the Sabbath be more strictly observed. To assist the in-telligent-minded of our land to have correct views of this im-portant question, a book has been prepared which thoroughly discusses the Sabbatic institution in every conceivable phase. Such is the valuable work entitled "History of the Sabbath and the First Day of the Week." BY ELD. J. N. ANDREWS. This great and exhaustive work is the result of ten years' hard labor and historical research. The book contains 548 12me pages, and is printed in clear type, on good paper, and is well bound. Price, post-paid, $2.00. Address, PACIFIC PRESS, Oakland, Cal. THE SIGNS OF THE TIIVIES. A 16-PAGE RELIGIOUS FAMILY JOURNAL, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, AT OAKLAND, CAL., FOR THE INTERNATIONAL TRACT AND MISSIONARY SOCIETY. THIS journal is devoted to expositions of prophecy and the dissemination of general Biblical knowledge. Its contents are of the most varied kind, the departments embracing Editorial and General Articles, Health And Temperance, Home Circle, Sabbath-school, Missionary, and Secular and-Religious News. IT CONTAINS NO PAID ADVERTISEMENTS, And is full every week of fresh, new matter. Among exposi-tory journals it takes the lead, both in quality and quantity of matter. It has proved of unusual interest to its tens of thou-,ands of readers, who everywhere pronounce it a live religious gaper; a reliable expositor of Scripture; and a household joinr nal, the contents of which are pure and elevating. Each number contains a characteristic article from the pen sf Mrs. E. G. White. All who see it agree in pronouncing it first-class in every re-spect. Send for free sample copy, and circular. Terms, per year, $2.00. Three months, trial subscription, for 50 cents. Address, SIGNS OF THE TIMES, Oakland, Cal. OUR COUNTRY-THE MARVEL OP NAMES, ITS PAST, PRESENT, AND FUTURE, AND WHAT THE SCRIPTURES SAY OF IT. By TI AUTHOR OF "SMITH'S PARLIAMENTARY RULES," ETC., ETC. THIS is a new and popular work on a subject of the deepest interest to all American citizens. It takes a brief but compre-hensive view of our Government from a Historical, Political, and Religious Standpoint. The Sunday Question, Modern Spiritualism, and National _Deform ARE PROMINENT AMONG THE TOPICS ABLY DISCUSSED IN THIS WORK. THE MARVEL OF NATIONS is a work of 300 pages. It contains a steel plate of the author, and over forty illustrations. It is printed in clear type, and bound in cloth ; price, $1.00. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, Oakland, Cal. 