180 AMERICAN SENTINEL. largest firms; these once fixed, the smaller ones will easily be brought into line. This meeting will really be the start of public work on the subject. The idea is to get public sentiment aroused." First, the churches formed a federation to work up public sentiment against Sunday desecration. They Tailed a mass meeting and secured the cooperation of a great labor union. Next they will "get the state," and then they will be fully prepared to "make war upon every Sunday desecrator." The churches inaugurated the movement, then they led on the workingmen; and next they will lead on the state. The church will make war .on Sunday desecrators through the agency of the state. And what kind of a proceeding will thisŁ be? Every stu-dent of history can answer this queition. When the church leads the state against those who will not regard a religious institution, nothing more can be wanting to constitute a complete union of church and state. And then, when the churches shall "get the state" to do their bidding, "man's inhumanity to man will cease." Will it? History does not so testify. On the contrary, from what history does testify, we may be certain that "man's inhumanity to man" will go on worse than be-fore. Man's inhumanity to man was never more fully shown than under a union of church and state. Are the American people willing that a combination of churches shall "get the state"? Do they want a gov-ernment which will be under direction of the churches? These are live questions for the people of Pennsylvania, and for the people everywhere, for the same influence is everywhere at work. It is well that all people should observe the Sabbath, Šbut God's Sabbath, not man's, and in God's way and by God's power; not in man's way and by man's power. Real Religious Liberty. Boston Globe. SOME people are accustomed to sound the praises of religious liberty, who only seek religious liberty for them-selves and would deny it to others not of their particular way of thinking. Such will probably oppose the move-ment now on foot to secure protection, not only to the Jew, but to the various church organizations who "keep Saturday" instead of Sunday as their holy day, against annoyances and petty persecutions, which would not be practicable were theirconvictions regarding the Sabbath fully respected, as they ought to be in a free country like ours. Religious liberty is the right of every American citizen Šthe right of the "Sabbath keeper," the Moslem and the agnostic, as well as that of the propagandist of any ism in the lengthening list of denominational peculiarities. All may claim it, but no one religious body or any "com-bine" of such bodies are entitled in the least to monopo- lize it. Religious liberty means the right of the few as well as the right of the many. Proposed " Moral " Government in Wichita, Kans. SOME time ago a member of the Kansas legislature introduced a bill providing that the decalogue be incor- porated into the laws of that State. The bill failed to pass, and the people of Kansas were spared the ex- perience of attempting to enforce moral obligations by the civil power. Now, however, if press reports be cor-, rect, an attempt is likely to be made in this line in the city of 'Wichita, in that State. It is the aim of the National Reform party and the great religious societies which have been inoculated with the "reform" doctrine, to make the "revealed will of God "Šthe BibleŠacknowl- edged as "the highest authority in civil affairs ; " and what is now proposed in Kansas represents as far as it goes, this doctrine carried into effect. Let us hope the inspection of the sample will deter the American people from ordering any of the goods. The report is as follows:Š " Wichita, Kan., March 14.ŠJames W. Tapp, leader of the Salvation Army here, has been nominated by the Democrats and Populists of Wichita as their candidate for Mayor. Tapp promises, if electad, to institute some unique reforms, among them being the following :Š " Girls appearing on the streets wearing bloomers will be find $5 for the first offence and ten days in jail for the second offence. "All policemen- will be required to carry Bibles, and any of the force heard swearing will be discharged with-out further notice. " Divine services will be held twice daily in city build-ings, and all municipal officers will be requested to at-tend. The Mayor will, upon these occasions, deliver lec-tures upon morality. "Special tax will be provided to rent street cars for free transportation to churches on Sunday mornings. "Spitting tobacco juice upon sidewalks will be an offence punishable by fines. "Immoral and variety shows will not be allowed in town, and show posters of an objectionable nature will not be allowed on bill boards. "Theatrical performances, baseball games or any other outdoor sport will not be tolerated on Sundays. " Minor reforms are also named in the campaign. All public meetings in connection with his campaign are be-ing opened by prayer and the Salvation Army furnishes music for the occasion. "Mr. Trapp has a large mercantile establishment in this city, which, with the Salvation Army, divides his at-tention. He is wealthy and is putting all his money into the campaign. "In an interview to day he said : ' Since I have entered the race for Mayor of Wichita. many people have asked me to run on a platform of morality, and, as that is what I believe this town needs, I am going to make the race on the lines set forth. I do not intend to tolerate any of the existing evils if I get in office. "The world is rapidly going to the devil and some 