170 AMERICAN SENTINEL. sentatives of Jesus Christ, distort his sacred word, and Make it contradict itself, thus making God a liar. He cited several instances where fearful damage was done because the day was not observed, and he remarked that the very steam engines wore as much on that day as they did on all the other days of the week combined ! Great is the Sunday of America! Mr. Kneeland, Secretary of the League, took charge of the question box, and gave a statement of the work-ings of the society. Among the questions asked, one was, s" What is the object of Sunday laws?" The reply was, "The object of Sunday laws is to preserve the State." Thus the people are being educated to believe that unless Sunday laws are secured, and the sacredness of the day enforced by these State laws, this Government cannot be preserved. Several other questions were asked and answered, the tendency of nearly all being to annul the idea of seventh-day observance, to set forth the im-portance of first-day observance, and the necessity of its observance by legal statute. In outlining the work of the League, to secure a rest day for everybody, he spoke of the acceptance of the presidency of the League by United States Senator Hoar, of Massachusetts, and his belief relative to Sunday: "I believe thoroughly in a day of rest, which shall be largely devoted to the contemplation of divine themes and toŁ  the worship of God and teaching his law; and in pro-tecting this observance against disturbances by secular labor, or other discords, by law." It is on this, line that the League is working, that the State should make laws compelling people to refrain from labor in order that they might be religious on that day. Or as Dr. Kneeland said : " We must have laws to protect the sa-credness of Sunday." He urged the people to give their names which he might present to the various govern-mental functionaries when necessary, in order that the League may secure power to carry out its end. He spoke of their success thus far, and said they had not lost a case or been refused a thing by either the courts or com-missioners, or legislatures, and had no doubt whatever of their ultimate success. He mentioned the fact that there were four bills at the present time pending in the Massachusetts legislature, all of which were presented through the direct or indirect influence of the League. There were bills being presented in other legislatures of New England favorable to their work, and he hoped they would be passed. He told' the people of Lowell if they had any influence with their representatives in the legis-lature, to bring it to bear upon these men to pass these bills; and, said he, "if they refuse, just put them out of the way next time, and give them a back seat." Thus it is evident what these people are after; and when they secure this power, woe to such as refuse to obey their mandates. The signs on the religio political horizon are ominous; the clouds are even now gathering thick and fast. Let every lover of liberty awake, and gird on the armor to stand through this rapidly-ap-proaching conflict. Taxation of Church Property. By Madison C. Peters. Pastor Bloomingdale Reformed Church, IV. Y. City. THE assessed value of New York City church prOp.-erty, exclusive of parsonages, is $51,217,525. Walk up Broadway from Rector Street, and out Fifth and Madi-son Avenues, and from these streets alone you can see the under-estimated value of church property in New York. The Great estates of Trinity and the Collegiate churches alone are estimated at $50,000,000. Two hun-dred millions of dollars is something like a conservative estimate of the value of church property of the metropolis, and when we remember that the assessed value of the real estate of the city is less than $2,000,000,000, it can easily be figured out how highly oppressive exemption becomes to other taxpayers. The taxes have to be paid, and the property that is exempt, or rather omitted from the tax roll, is simply spread upon the other property. Everybody's tax goes up at least one-tenth. The Amer-ican people would rise up in rebellion against direct tax-ation for church support, but what is exemption from taxation but an indirect State support of the -Church, a virtual subsidy for its support, and at the expense of the general public? The State avoids a deficiency in its revenues by transferring to other property increased tax-ation, not by the voluntary action of the taxpayers, but by the compulsion of law, all of which is out of consonance with our republican institutions. The founders of our Re-public wisely separated Church and State. But if we are taxed for the support of churches, it cannot justly be said that the Church and State are separated. The churches enjoy no immunity from the operations of the laws of God. They place roofs upon their buildings to keep out the rain, and put up lightning rods to prevent the lightning from striking them. If God does not vary his laws for the benefit of the churches, why should the State be expected to do so ? It is argued that many churches are not self-sustain-ing at present, and that to tax them would render them still less so. Thousands are less able to provide for their children because of the tax collector. Why should the laborer pay taxes upon his humble home and the relig-ious corporation be exempted? Make all property bear its just and equal share of taxation and you lessen the laboring man's burden. When the workingman feels that his burden is heavier because the magnificent possessions of the Church are omitted from the tax roll, do you won-der that the Church loses its power over him? Tax churches and only those able to bear taxes will dare to be extravagant. Tax churches, and modest buildings will be erected where they are most. needed instead of a few imposing structures in the fashionable quarter. Ev-ery taxpayer in the State has his percentage of State tax correspondingly increased because of the needlessly ex-pensive church properties of the cities,Šchurches which he may never enter. The saloon keeper by force of law is compelled to help pay the taxes on my church, in the use of which I 