58 THE Aiv.LERICAN SENTINEL. Father in Heaven, he is expecting and waiting for a gift of power and authority of another nature. " The Lord said unto my Lord, Sit thou at my right hand, until I make thine enemies thy footstool." Ps. 110: 1. " After he had offered one sacrifice for sins forever, sat down on the right hand of God, from hence-forth expecting till his enemies be made his footstool." Heb. 10 : 12, 13. His Father puts his enemies under his feet, but not till his priestly reign on the throne of. Heaven ends. 1 Cor. 15 : 24-28. Of his own throne we may say:- 1. It is the throneŠnot of his Father in Heaven, but--of his father David. " The Lord God shall give unto him the throne of his father David." Luke 1: 32. " God had sworn with an oath to him [David], that of the fruit of his loins, according to the flesh, he would raise up Christ to sit on his throne." Acts 2 : 30. 2. The throne of David was not in Heaven. The first dominion or rule over Israel as a na-tion, was from Heaven, because their govern-ment was originally a theocracy. But the throne of David was in every respect distinct from the throne of universal power whereon Christ now sits. 3. It is counted Christ's own throne, because he was born heir to it, and his genealogy from David had to be preserved in order that his claim to it might be recognized. 4. His reign upon this throne will never end. " The Lord God shall give unto him the throne of his father David; and he shall reign over the house of Jacob forever; and of his king-dom there shall be no end." Luke 1 : 32, 33. 5. Jehovah promised to establish the throne and seed of David forever. "Also I will make him my first-born, higher than the kings of the earth." Ps. 89 : 3, 4, 27. The Revision says: " The highest of the kings of the earth." Therefore it was prophesied of Christ, David's son, that, when the kingdom is given to him, " all people, nations, and languages should serve him." Dan. 7 : 14. 6. David had no priesthood, and his son and heir can have no priesthood on his throne. As has been proved, the priesthood of Christ is on the throne of his Father in Heaven. Hence his reign upon the throne of David is not a priestly reign. When he is given power over the nations, according to the promise of the Father, the fulfillment of which he has yet in expectation, he will no longer be a mediator, or Saviour of sinners. The points of difference between the two reigns of Christ, and of the two thrones upon which he reigns, are plainly brought to view in the Scriptures. It is only by confounding the circumstances of the two reigns, and mis-applying the Scriptures in reference thereto, that the " National Reformers" make their positions appear somewhat plausible. It must be remembered that "his enemies are put under his feet." When the nations are subdued under him, they are his enemies still. And what will he do with them when they are given to him ? The second psalm answers this question: "Ask of me, and I shall give thee the nations for thine inheittance, and the uttermost parts of the earth for thy possession. Thou  shalt break them with a rod of iron; thou shalt dash them in pieces like a potter's vessel." And with this agree all the prophecies. Thus in Dan. 2, the kingdom of Christ is represented Šnot as converting the nations and incorporat-ing them into itself, butŠas breaking in pieces and destroying them. They are not brought into subjection to a mild sway of gospel grace; for there is no gospel grace offered to sinners after Christ ends his priesthood and receives his power over the nations. The kingdoms of earth will be dashed in pieces, broken, de-stroyed; they become as the chaff of the sum-mer threshing floors, driven away by the wind, so that" no place is found for them." To repre-sent all this as the conversion of the nations, and their adopting the gospel of the kingdom as their "national religion " is to greatly pervert the Scriptures. It is crying " peace and safety " when destruction is impending. 1 Thess. 5: 1-3. Rev. 11 : 15-18 is most explicit in the same direction. The seven trumpets of this book cover this whole dispensation; the last three are called "woe trumpets" (see Rev. 8 : 13), because woes are upon the earth during their sounding. This dispensation closes with woes upon the nations, because " in the last days " the wicked " wax worse and worse, deceiving and being deceived." 2 Tim. 3. We have not space in this number for a com-ment on Rev. 11 : 15-18, but will briefly notice a few of the points introduced. It is under the sounding of the seventh angel that the king-doms of this world are given to Christ, and that his everlasting reign commences. This is yet future; for his priestly reign on the throne of his Father is not yet ended. And it is not only said that the kingdoms become Christ's, but " of our Lord and of his Christ." And thanks are ascribed to the great God, the Father, be-cause he has taken his power to himself; which, of course, refers to the kingdoms of this world. Hitherto they have been under the sway of Satan; God deposes the great usurper, who took by stratagem the dominion given to Adam (compare Gen. 1: 26 and Luke 4: 5-7), and gives it to " his Christ," the second Adam, who, in turn, gives it to his people, the saints. Verse 18 tells us the condition of the nations when they were given to Christ: " And the nations were angry." The disposition of the just God toward the angry nations is also shown: " And thy wrath is come." The time is further pointed out; these things take place under the seventh trumpet, and the wrath of God is come, " and the time of the dead, that they should be judged, and that thou shouldst give reward unto thy servants the prophets, and to the saints, and them that fear thy name, small and great; and shouldst destroy them which de-stroy [corrupt] the earth." Jesus said the saints will be rewarded at the resurrection of the just. Luke 14 : 14. The resurrection of the just takes place when Christ himself returns to the earth. 1 Thess. 4 : 15- 17. At the coming of Christ, the saints inherit, or enter into and possess, the kingdom. Matt. 25 : 31-34. And they cannot inherit it before the resurrection; for Paul says "that flesh and blood [man in a mortal state] cannot inherit the kingdom of God; neither doth corruption  inherit incorruption." 1 Cor. 15 : 50. Christ's kingdom is an everlasting kingdom, which can-not be inherited by dying people; they must first be immortalized by the resurrection or a translation. God hath " chosen the poor of this world, rich in faith, and heirs of the king-dom which he bath promised to them that love him." James 2 : 5. They who are rich in faith, and love God, are now heirs of the kingdom, and they will inherit it when Jesus comes and redeems them from the bondage of corruption. See Rom. 8 : 23 and 2 Cor. 5 : 4. At a future time we may notice more at length the prophecies of the setting up of the kingdom, and of the closing scenes of this dis-pensation. We trust that even this brief view will suffice to show the errors of the " National Reformers" in their application of the prophe-cies. They propose to set up the kingdom by a majority vote; but God will in his wrath destroy the majority and give the kingdom to a " little flock." Luke 12 : 32. J. H. W. The Golden Opportunity of National Reform. THERE is a glorious field open and white al-ready to the harvest of National Reform. There is a tree whose fruit is so lusciously ripe for National Reform, that the tree needs but to be shaken for the fruit to fall into the mouth of the National Reform eater; and we urgently call the attention of the Christian Statesman to it, and through it the attention of all the Na-tional Reformers. Rev. J. H. Pettee, of Okayama, Japan, re-ports in the May number of the Missionary Herald that Japan is so amazingly eager to be-come a Christian nation, that there is danger that she will adopt " some low, loose type of Christianity," and that " in a mere formal way." He says there is danger that she may adopt the Roman Catholic, or the Russo-Greek form of Christianity, because " Episcopacy, _Presby-terianism, Methodism, Congregationalism, or other Protestant denominations will not, or cannot offer her a short road to" her longed-for goalŠthe name and place of a Christian na-tion. Now the National Reform Party furnishes just the short cut to the place of a Christian na-tion, which Japan in her heathen blindness is groping about to find. The National Reform Party, we believe, owns the right of way to this road which now Japan so long has sought, and mourned becauseŁ she found it not. How can the National -Reformers sit still, and lend no helping hand to poor, pleading Japan? We do not wish to interfere in any way with the in-ternal workings of that Party, but if we might be allowed the privilege of making a sugges-tion, we would recommend that Rev. E. B. Gra-ham and Rev. Jonathan Edwards, D. D., be sent at once as National Reform missionaries to conduct Japan along the National-Reform short-cut to the place where she may stand before the world a Christian nation. Here is an op-portunity for them to fairly rival St. Francis Xavier or Gregory Thaumaturgus. We would advise them that, for the success of their particular movement in this case, delay is dangerous; for Mr. Pettee reports that "the most progressive secular paper in the sunrise 