168 SI@NrrINITIE4., VOL. 9, No. 21. NEW YORK, MAY 24, 1894. fiar' ANY one receiving the AntaticAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. READ the article on another page, " Why Church Property Should Be Taxed," by Rev. Madison C. Peters. THE Canadian canals are henceforth to be closed to traffic from twelve o'clock Saturday night until the same hour Sun-day night. A RECENT dispatch from Moscow to the London Chronicle says that one hundred German Baptists have left the Provinces of Kherson and Volhynia for America, to seek an asylum from Russian religious Ilersecution. GOVERNOR CROUNSE, of Nebraska, has been notified that the Lincoln branch of the Commonweal Army, organized under the command of "General" Duff, which left Omaha recently for the East, has among its members one man whose purpose when he reaches Washington is to assassinate President Cleveland. THE Philadelphia Record contributes this bit of humor to the Sunday observance discussion :Š OLD LADY. ŠNOW, I'll give you a quarter if you'l promise to become a Christian. RAGSON TATTERS. ŠWell, ma'am, I'll promise yer never ter work on Sunday. There is an acidity in this witticism which is not misplaced. " IT is hard to frame a tariff bill to suit everybody," remarks an exchange. The remark is occasioned by the fact that under the Wilson bill certain religious trappings of the Romish Church were dutiable. Cardinal Gibbons and other prominent Roman Catholic prelates are endeavoring to have this changed, so that regalia and statuary imported for their churches may come in free of duty. APROPOS of the article on another page, " Some Signs of the Times," is the follow-ing paragraph from the Review of Re-views, for May:Š The European nations are beginning to droop and totter beneath the ever accumulating burden of mili-tary expenditure. There is hardly a country among them that is not at the present moment struggling desperately to choke the deficit which is staring it in the face. In England, Sir William Harcourt was five million pounds ($25,000,000) short, which must be provided for by new taxation, The Indian Empire is proposing to tax all imports, except cotton, five per cent. ad  valorem, to meet its deficit, besides adopting  other expedients unpopular but necessary. In France, there is a deficit of nearly $30,000,000, about half of which it is proposed to cover by a refunding of loans at a lower rate of interest, and the remaining half is to be obtained by increased taxation on incomes and spirits, with taxes on succession duties. In Italy, the new finance minister frankly admits the existence of a deficit of about $50,000,000, to be met no one knows how. The country cannot bear increased taxation, and the chances of any minister who ventured to pro-pose serious retrenchment and the disbanding of sur-plus employes would be practically worthless. Every-where the statesmen are seeking with feverish anxiety for new sources of revenue, but everywhere the insa-tiable maw of armaments demands more and ever more millions. As we have before remarked, the recog-nition of impending ruin has become well-nigh universal. DURING the consideration of a District bill in the House, on the 14th inst., some excitement was caused by a colored man in the public gallery. The man arose and addressed the speaker, saying that if the Coxey Good Roads bill was not passed, the White House, Treasury, and Capitol would be destroyed by thunder and light-ning. Of course, the man is what is pop-ularly known as a " crank," but so was Guiteau, and so was Valliant, who threw the bomb in the French Chamber of Dep-uties. " Crankism " is one of the signs of the times and is in the very air. THE New York Catholic School Exhibit was formally opened by Archbishop Corrigan, before an audience of about two thousand people in the Grand Central Palace on the evening of the 15th inst. The main floor and the two galleries were densely packed with men, women, and children, while on the stage sat nearly two hundred of the clergy, together with a number of prominent laymen. Speeches were made by the archbishop, Mayor Gilroy, Congressman Bourke Cockran and others. Mayor Gilroy, said that one of the proudest aims of man or woman ought to be to teach the youth of the country how to exercise the rights of citizenship when they came to man's estate. " The parochial schools," he said " are doing this." The phenomenal success of Tam-many proves that Mr. Gilroy knows whereof he affirms. " A roar of applause," says the Sun (Tammany organ), " went up as Mgr. Farley announced Bourke Cockran. Mr. Cockran said that he was amazed that at this part of the nineteenth century it was found necessary to repel the charge that the Catholic Church was hostile to repub-lican institutions. " To declare," said he, " that the Catholic Church is hostile to the Republic is to declare that the mother is hostile to her own offspring. The Catholic Church is the oldest republic in the world, and has been always favorable to such institutions." - That we suppose will settle the matter with many people. Mr. Cockran, a member of Congress, has said so, and who can longer doubt it ?  But once granted that the Catholic Church is mother of the Republic, must it not follow that the mother must control the child ? A FREETHOUGHT exchange, attempting to make a point on a note in our columns, asks : " Why should there be any mystery about righteousness ?" Well, there should not be, but the fact remains that there is. There never would have been any such mystery had sin never entered the world; for God's will, which is perfect righteous-ness, would have been perfectly done in all created intelligences. But sin having once entered and all flesh being contam-inated by sin, the mystery is the restora-tion of men to a condition of complete harmony with God. This change is wrought by the power of God. The apos-tle exhorts : " Be not conformed to this world; but be ye transformed by the re-newing of your mind, that ye may prove what is that good, and acceptable, and perfect will of God." Man's work is to desire the good; it is God's work to confer that nod by the renewing of the mind, the transformation of the character, the for-mation of "the new man, which after God is created in righteousness and true holi-ness." THE Observer, of this city, remarks that " men cannot be made either moral or re-ligious by act of Parliament or Congress," and then immediately adds: "But legis-lative bodies may help, as they are dis-posed to make transgressors' ways more or less easy to enter." This is a most mischievous sentiment. Legislative bodies have no other duty than to provide for the conservation of natural rights; to guarantee to all " life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." To go beyond this is inevitably to enter the domain of con-science and to trench upon sacred rights. RECENT advices, from Rome, by way of London, state that "the congregation of the Propaganda has gathered all the nec-essary material for immediate and direct intervention between Ablegate Satolli and his opponents in the United States. It is probable that another national Synod of the American hierarchy will be ordered for the purpose of directing Catholicism in the United States. The opinions of reli-gious orders now being obtained greatly favor the appointing of cathedral charters and a permanent legate in the United States." AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies, to one address, per year, - - 90c 25 to 99 " " " " - - - 80c 100 to 249 " " " " - - 75c 250 to 499 " " " " " - - - 70c 500 to 999 " " " " - - 65c " 1000 or more " " " "60c To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - ;billings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 93 Bond Street, New York City, 