AMERICAN SENTINEL. 541 is the announcement made in a dispatch from Rome to a Vienna journal, the Politische Correspondenz. The Government, of course, can have no concern whatever with the appointment of hierarchies anywhere, papal or otherwise. * Tins is a time when momentous changes follow rap-idly upon each other in the march of passing events. It is a time of great national activity, and there is a mean-ing in this both for the statesman and the private indiv-idual. It is not enough to make note of these events from the standpoint of a mere looker-on. That is not the true or safe role for any individual to play now. Ac-tivity is demanded of him also. He is to get ready for the crisis which these things portend, and to make haste. "The end of all things is at hand." Invoking the Sunday Law in Maryland. AN effort was made at the May term of the Queen Anne County (Md.) Court by some Sunday law zealots to indict a Seventh day Adventist of Ford's Store for keeping open his store on Sunday. The witnesses against the Adventist were Sunday observers, and they verily thought and hoped for the grand jury to do something with the "pestilent" and " disturbing " Sabbath keeper.Ł  But they were doomed to disappointment, for the foreman of the grand jury on the day set for inquiry upon the matter propounded several questions which revealed the animus pervading the whole thing. These were the questions in substance addressed to witnesses :Š ForemanŠ"How long has Mr. Neal been in the habit of keeping his store open on Sundays ?" WitnessŠ" For several years." ForemanŠ" Have you or other Sunday observers visited his store and made purchases on Sunday ?" WitnessŠ" Yes, sir." With a few mild words of remonstrance the inquiry was closed and no further notice given the matter. There is something about the Sunday institution which causes its devotees " unrest," and leads them to disregard the rights of others. In this frame of mind they are ready to cast their fellow creatures into jail, or if need be, snuff out their lives in behalf of their darling idol, in place of trying to lead by the law of love and liberty those who may differ from them. Be it said, however, to the credit of those like the foreman of this Maryland grand jury, there are some who are having their eyes opened to the possible in-iquities furnished by the Sunday law, and who are having the courage to refuse their aid in the Satanic scheme of religious persecution. The SENTINEL in large measure is responsible for the many adherents of reli- gious liberty in this day and time. Its sterling worth and candor constantly improves as a weapon of and for good. Keep on with the good work. S. B. HORTON. Sunday Enforcement at Ocean Grove. PRESS reports state that at Ocean Grove, a summer resort on the New Jersey coast, aŁ new commandment has gone into effect, namely, " Thou shalt not bathe on Sunday." The Ocean City Association is the power behind this regulation. Its members have decided that bathing on Sunday is wrong, and have served injunctions on the proprietors of bathing establishments, restraining them from renting any bathing suits for Sunday use. By what authority, higher than their own opinions, they justified such a course of action, it is not stated. In truth, there is no higher authority which could be cited in support of it. The Sunday enforcement move-ment can proceed just as far as bigotry and fanaticism are pleased to carry it, since it rests on nothing but the will of its supporters. The authority to take the last step in the enforcement of Sunday observance is exactly the same as that which was behind the first step. The heaviest penalty has the same justification as has the lightest. This prohibition of Sunday bathing illustrates the real spirit of the whole movement. It is not for the "benefit of the poor workingman," but for the exalta-tion of a religious institution which depends upon hu-man power for its support. Church and State in the Philippines. THE New York Sun, which may be considered good authority on matters relating to papal policy, says that " the separation of church and state in the Philippines, which, it is said, will be insisted upon by the Americans, will present grave difficulties with the Vatican." This must be so, since, as is well known, the Vatican steadfastly maintains the principle of church and state union. This is a cardinal principle in the papal system, and is put in practice wherever the papal church holds sway. In the colonies of Spain it was, of course, firmly established. Being contrary, however, to the whole system of American government, it could not without a flagrant violation of the principles of this system, be maintained under American rule. But violations of these principles Ševen flagrant onesŠhave not been unknown under American rule at home, and will be less surprising under that rule abroad. The papacy well understands this, and is prepared to strongly contest the introduction of such a change in the Philippines. Indeed, the papacy sees in the situation a favorable chance for recognition 