76  THIS AMERICAN SENTINEL. of liberty," or which so " savors of tyranny." It is very likely that should Senator Blair's bill be enacted into a law, the United States courts would decide in the same way as did the Superior Court of- California. But it is an exceedingly ominous sign, and one most startling in the danger which it displays, when a bill which so savors of tyranny," and which embodies a " principle so subversive of liberty," can be introduced into the National Legislature, can be received and reported favorably, can pass two readings, can be spread broadcast throughout the land, and only one single voiceÑthat of the AMERICAN SENTINELÑbe raised against it. The American people have so long enjoyed the liberty which has been justly their boast, that they seem, from appearances, to think that now they can lie down safely and hiber-nate undisturbed for all time to come. We wonder what can ever awaken them. "Eter-nal vigilance is the price of liberty;" but " corrupted freemen are the worst of slaves." The National Reform Association. THE National Reform Association is an or-ganization composed of representative men of all " evangelical " denominations, and its ob-ject is to secure an amendment to the Na-tional Constitution, making Christianity the National religion. Among its vice-presidents are: Joseph Cook, President Seelye, Bishop Huntington of New York, George W. Bain of Kentucky, Miss Frances E. Willard, Mrs. Josephine Bateham, Mrs. Mary A. Wood-bridge, Mrs. Hoffman, Mrs. Lathrop, and others of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, besides such a number of Reverends, D. Ds., LL.Ds., that we cannot take the time to name them, but which number in all about one hundred and twenty. All these are sim-ply the vice-presidents_ of the Association. This Association, we have said, was organized to secure an amendment to the National Con-stitution, recognizing the Christian religion as the religion of this country, and enforcing its precepts upon all who live under the Govern-ment. The proposed constitutional amend-ment introduced by Senator Blair, which we print in another column, is just the kind of an amendment which they seek to have adopted, and with this amendment they are intensely. pleased. The Christian Statesman is the-organ of that Association, and in its issue of July 18, 1888, it indorses this amendment as furnishing an admirable opportunity for making the ideas of the National Reform As-sociation familiar to the mind of the people, and as embodying principles which have been advocated by the Association for a quarter of a century. In the same paper, of September 6, Mr. John Alexander, father of the Association, urges without delay the cir-culation of petitions favoring the amendment in such numbers, and signed by so many people, that it will require a procession of wheel-barrows to trundle the mighty mass into the presence of the representatives of the Nation, in the Houses of Congress. Other such commendations, might be given, but these are sufficient to show how entirely the Blair amendment meets the mind of the managers of the National Reform Association. Now we propose to give a few items show-ing what the National Reformers wish to do when, they get that which the Blair Amend-ment embodies. The Christian Statesman, of October 2, 1884, said: Give all men to understand that this is a Christian Nation, and that, believing that without Christianity we perish, we must maintain, by all right menus, our Christian  character. Inscribe this character on our Constitution. . . . Enforce upon 'all who come among us the laws of Christian moral-ity." "Enforce," according to Webster, is "to force, to constrain, to compel, to execute with vigor." Therefore the proposition of the Na-tional Reformers is to force, to, compel, all to keep the laws of Christian morality; to exe-cute with vigor upon all the laws of Christian morality. It will be seen at once that this will be but to invade the rights of conscience, and this, one of the vice-presidents of the Association declares, civil power has a right to do. Rev. David Gregg, D. D., now pastor of Park Street Church, Boston, a vice-president of the Na-tional Reform Association, plainly declared, in the Christian Statesman, of June 5, 1884, that the civil power "has the right to com-mand the consciences of men." Rev. M. A. Gault, a district secretary, and a leading worker, of the Association says:Ñ "Our remedy for all these malific influences is to have the Government simply set up the moral law, and recognize God's authority behind it, and lay its hand on any religion that does not conform to it." Rev. E. B. Graham, also a vice-president of the Association, in an address delivered at York, Nebraska, reported in the Christian Statesman of May 21, 1885, said:Ñ "We might add in all justice, if the oppo-nents of the Bible do not like our Government and its Christian features, let them go to some wild, desolate land, and in the name of the devil, and for the sake of the devil, subdue it, and set up a Government of their own on infi-del and atheistic ideas, and then-  if they can stand it stay there till they die.".  In a speech in a National Reform Conven-tion held in New York City, in February, 1873, Rev. Jonathan Edwards, D. D., named atheists, deists, Jews, and Seventh-day Chris-tians, and summed them all up under the head of atheists, and said: These all are . . . as far as our amendment is concerned, one class. They use the same arguments and the same tactics against us. They must be counted together. . . . The first-named is the leader in the discontent and in the outcry. It is his class. . . . The rest are adjuncts to him in this contest. They must be named from him. They must be treated, as for this question, one party." Then he tells how they propose to deal with these people when they get what the Blair amendment supplies. He says :Ñ "What are the rights of the atheist? I would tolerate him as I would a poor lunatic, for in my view his mind is scarcely sound. So long as he does not rave, ,so. long as he is not dangerous, I would tolerate him. I would tolerate him as I would a conspirator. The atheist is a dangerous man. . . . Tolerate atheism, sir 1 There is nothing out of hell I would not tolerate as soon. . . . Atheism and Christianity are contradictory terms. They are incompatible systems. They cannot dwell together in the same continent. As though this were not enough, and as though their tolerant intentions were not sin-cere enough, they propose in addition to all this to join hands with the Catholic Church and enlist her efforts in their work. The Christian Statesman of December 11, 1884, said :Ñ " Whenever they [the Roman Catholics] are willing to co-operate in resisting the prog-ress of political atheism, we will gladly join hands with them." These- axe- the men, and this is the Associa- tion, which rejoices and is glad at the prospect opened before us by Senator Blair's pro-posed amendment to the National Constitu-tion. This is how they propose to use the power that will be bestowed upon them if that amendment is adopted. This is the As-sociation that is filling the country with peti-tions to be signed by the people asking that that amendment be adopted. With this As-sociation both the Woman's- Christian Tem-perance Union and the Prohibition party are allied. Fellow-citizens, these- petitions you will be asked to sign. By these presents you know who it is that is asking you to sign them. You know what they propose to do under the amendment if they succeed in securing it. What are you going to do ? Will you sign the petitions and thus lend your influence to establish such a religious despotism as is here shadowed forth ? or will you refuse to sign, and tell your neighbor about the wicked scheme, that he may refuse to sign ? The danger is upon us, will you awake to the oc-casion? -Do not delay your answer, but act promptly and energetically we beg of you. The Woman's Christian Temperance Union. THE SENTINEL has had occasion frequently to criticise some of the workings of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union. Upon the part of those who favor the establishment of a religious instead of a civil government here, this fact has been made- the means of an at-tempt to create prejudice at the expense of the SENTINEL. They try to make it appear that the- AMERICAN SENTINEL is opposed to temperance. We propose to make plain our attitude toward temperance in general and toward the Woman's Christian Temperance Union in particular. The AMERICAN SENTINEL is thoroughly and consistently devoted to the genuine principles of temperance. And what the SENTINEL con-siders to be the genuine principles of temper-ance can be stated in this single sentence, viz.: Total abstinence from all stimulants and narcotics of whatever kind or nature or degree. More than this, it is out of allegiance to Christian prin-ciple that the SENTINEL is devoted to this principle of temperance. It is thorough-going Christian temperance in which the SENTINEL thoroughly believes. It is because allegiance to Christ demands that we shall be temperate in all things, that we advocate the principle of temperance. Both of the editors of the SENTINEL are doing their very best to act strictly -in accordance with this principle of temperance. It must therefore be manifest to every soul that the AMERICAN SENTINEL is decidedly in favor of temperance, and Chris-tian temperance at that. And in this it must likewise be manifest to everybody that what-ever criticisms we have ever made, or shall ever make, upon the workings of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, are not in any sense in opposition to the purest principles of Christian temperance. Although we are decidedly in favor of Christian temperance, and .endeavor person-ally to practice it, and to persuade others to practice it, we are not in favor -of using the civil power to compel anybody either to favor or to practice it. And when the Woman's Christian Temperance Union attempts, as it does, to use the civil power to compel people to conform to the principles of Christian tem-perance, it goes beyond its legitimate prov-ince, it acts contrary both to civil polity and Christian principle, and therefore we oppose it. Christian principle knows no such thing as outward force; it never seeks either the support or the control of the civil power..  