16 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Vol. 4, No. 2. Tir Anr1ical2 gei2tir2e1. OAXLAND, CALIFORNIA, JANUARY 80,1889. NOTE.ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. DR. WILnuE F. CRAFTS has resigned his pastorate of the First Union Church, New York City, to be-come the field Secretary of the American Sunday Union. His work is to be a sort of general organizer and worker up of sympathy and support for Na-tional religious legislation. SENATOR BLAIR is now a full-fledged National Re-former. December 6 he wrote a letter to the Secre-tary of the National Reform Association, in which he said:Š "I earnestly trust that your movement may be-come strong, general, in fact all-pervading, for the time has fully come when action is imperative, and further delay is most dangerous." How delay can be any more dangerous than would be the success of the National Reform movement, we should like the Senator or somebody else to ex- plain. •Ł  IF everyone to whom this copy of the SENTINEL comes would secure one subscriber, a great work could be done with but little individual effort, and who could not do that? If your neighbors don't know anything about the National Reform move-ment, which the SENTINEL is opposing, take a few minutes to tell them a few facts as to its principles, and the progress it has made. Get them interested to know more, and you can easily induce them to sub-scribe for the only paper that discusses every phase of the question. Try it. Ix many of the States the Legislatures will have before them this winter the matter of making a Sun-day law. Will not our friends help us, and at the same time serve the cause of truth, by telling us all that is being done? We want to make the AMERI-CAN SENTINEL the guardian of the rights of the peo-ple in every quarter; and we shall utter no uncer-tain sound on all questions that properly come before us. You who know something about the ten-dency, keep your eyes open and inform us of the do-ings in your neighborhood, that we may stir up the people. ON Sunday, January 13, a large number of the pas-tors of the city of Oakland preached upon the Sun day question, and especially Sunday laws. This was in accordance with a preVious mutual agreement, in which the Catholic Church joined. The object is to work up a sentiment that will influence legislature this winter. Petitions are being circulated through-out the State of California, asking the Legislature to pass a Sunday law at the present session. The Woman's Christian Temperance Union has the thing in charge, and expects to ro 11 up so large and influential a list of names that the Legislature will not dare ignore the matter. We shall soon see what we shall see. H. Ł 11.  THE immense number of signers to the petitions for a Sunday law, and the great stir that is being made in all quarters, show that the matter with which the AMERICAN SENTINEL deals is the leading issue of the day. The tariff will soon be entirely lost sight of in the agitation of the question of National Sunday rest. This being the case, it needs no argu-ment to prove that with the liberal terms which are offered to canvassers for the SENTINEL, those who give their time to it can do well financially, while they are doing good to the people. Orders are already coming in. Shall we not have an army of men and women who will engage heartily in this work for the next two months? 4111111111111.11.11.11.1r  WE address you on a matter of vital importance to our State and Nation. Among the blessed boons left us as the heritage of our forefathers is that of religious liberty, or the right to worship (or not worship) God according to the dictates of our own conscience. It is the principle of religious liberty which has made our country what it is above all others, "the home of the oppressed," "the land of the free." To relinquish that for which our fathers bled and died is to return to the Dark Ages with its religious persecution. Many believe that this Government will ever continue as it is. But even now grave dangers are threatening this foundation-stone of our republic. There are now pending in the Congress of these United States two Bills, known as the "Blair Edu-cational Amendment Bill," and the "Blair Sunday Rest Bill." The effect of these Bills, if they become laws, will be a virtual union of Church and State, and the persecution of those who may not be able to conscien-tiously submit to these proposed unjust laws. No less than fifteen millions of names have been presented to Congress as petitioners in favor of the latter Bill by the American Sabbath Union. The names consist of about seven or eight millions gathered by the friends of the Bill, and the counting of seven million two hundred thousand Roman Catholics, because Car-dinal Gibbons signed the petition as an individual. The National Reform Association, numbering among its officers U. S. Senators, Judges of the Supreme Court of the U. S., Presidents of Colleges, and D. D.'s, Bishops and Archbishops by the score, has for its ob-ject the placing of "all Christian laws, institutions and usages, on an undeniable legal basis in the funda-mental law of the land." Of course this means official State interpretation and enforcement of Christian duties under penalties; and that is religious 'persecution. The aim of the National Reformers is the aim-of the Blair Bills, and also the aim of the American Sabbath Union. The principal leaders in the W. C. T. U. and the Prohibition party are in favor of these Bills. The General Assembly of the Knights of Labor have indorsed these bills by unanimous vote. The Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers in convention assembled have also indorsed them. Other organizations are swinging into line. It may be asked why so many give their assent to these measures. For these reasons, namely: One class wish to dominate the religion of all, and so lift themselves into power upon the oppression of others, while hiding their real intent by smoothly-worded propositions. The second, and by far theŁmost numerous, class give their assent because they think that these men at the head of this movement are good and wise men, and therefore cannot be led by wrong principles. They do not understand the nature of the movement or they would oppose it. Many who have once favored it, but who have Since studied it, men of eminence, are now strenuous opposers. The third class is those politicians who are willing to become Christians or any-thing else to get votes. And with these classes, the ambitious religious politicians, those ignorant of the nature of such legislation, and the political time-server, unless prompt measures are taken to enlighten and so avert this legislation, religious thralldom will be the fate of now free American citizens. Do you wish to become infoi med ? Do you wish to inform your neighbors? Do you wish to preserve intact our religious liberties and free schools? We present before you the only journal which is fully and intelligently enlisted on this side of the eon- flict, namely, the AMERICANS ENTINEL. published weekly in Oakland, Cal., now entering upon its fourth year and numbering many thousands of staunch friends in all parts of the Union. The SENTINEL iS not owned or controlled by any politicarparty whatever. It is not run in the interests of any religious denomination. It advocates and will defend the religious rights of all, whether Catholic or Protestant, Unitarian or Trinitarian, Baptist or Pedobaptist, Jew or Christian, religious or non-religious. It is set for the defense of our glorious Constitution, which declares, "Congress shall make no law re- specting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." It is uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. American citizens, liberty-loving Christians, the conflict is before us. Will you not aid us? The principles which the AMERICAN SENTINEL advocates are indorsed by leading men in all parts of the country. Prom Thomas Benison, State Senator, Gonzales, Monterey County, Cal. PUBLISHERS AMERICAN SENTINEL, GENTLEMEN: Your favor of the 11th inst., and the April and May numbers of the SENTINEL;  duly received, and for which I am truly thankful. I heartily indorse the principles advocated by the SENTINEL, and wish it Godspeed in its good work, We cannot be too zealous and vigilant in a matter so important as the preservation of our civil and religious liberty. And when any set of men, religions or otherwise, attempt, by tampering with our National Constitution, to destroy that liberty which we have so long enjoyed, it is time that we, as American Citizens, should assert, in no uncertain terms, our disapproval of so unholy a work. I am yours respectfully. From Tf-st, P. Folly, State Senator, Lynchburg, Tennessee. PUBLISHERS AMERICAN SENTINEL, OAKLAND, CAL.; Permit me to assure you that I am well pleased with the SENTINEL. When I returned home from Nashville I found the SENTINEL for last year bound in paper had been sent to my address without charge. If the account was misplaced let me know what it is, and I will cheerfully pay it. It is with shame I have to acknowledge the failure of the bill for the extension of religious liberty in this State, so as to allow those who religiously and conscientionsly observe the seventh day as the Sabbath to pursue their secular occupations on the first day. I am heartily with the SENTINEL for the utmost religious liberty. From, F. L Dickman, Judge Supreme Court, Columbus, Ohio. PUBLISHERS AMERICAN SENTINEL, MY DEAR Sias: I return you my many thanks for your kind and courteous letter of the 11th inst., and for several num-bers of the SENTINEL, which came to hand at the same time with your letter. Several articles in the SENTINEL, which I have read, have been to me full of interest and instruction, and ram, I trust, excusable for my curiosity in desiring to know who is the " Ohio boy " who has been so kind and considerate as to have my name placed upon your list. The speech of Senator Crockett I will carefully read, as the subject is very suggestive. I am respectfully yours. Rom A. TV. Schalck, Attorney, Pottsville, Pennsylvania. PUBLISHERS AMERICAN SENTINEL, GENTLEMEN; Inclosed please find one year's subscription to your paper, which advocates a doctrine to which I cordially subscribe, to wit, that Church and State must be kept separate and apart, if our republic and her institutions are to be preserved. The SENTINEL is now published WEEKLY at the exceedingly low price of One Dollar per year. In clubs of ten or more copies to one address, 75 cents each. Agents wanted. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, Oakland, Cal. 