AMERICAN SENTINEL. 311 By their own statement of the caseŠif this journal rep-resents Bresbyterian beliefŠa Sunday law would compel an observer of the seventh day to break the fourth com-mandment. And by the Lord's statement of the case, the seventh day, and not the first, is the Sabbath, and is to be observed by all persons who would respect the moral law. ¨ 4 -4 Americanism. "The Christian Register," May 12. THE American people are rapidly coming to the part-ing of the ways which lead, the one to the highest ideals of the republic, the other to prizes which are attractive but mercenary. Frederika Bremer said, half a century ago, after visiting the United States, that our people seemed to be marching in a procession, carrying on their banners the symbols of lofty ideals of which they had forgotten the meaning. This was true only in seeming. Every great struggle through which our nation passes brings out anew the great ideas upon which the fathers founded the republic. But at every such crisis in our his-tory comes the temptation tolower thoughts and meaner ambitions. Our first brilliant success at the Philippine Islands has brought into view with startling suddenness un-American ideas of our place among the nations and our mission to the world. Already we begin to talk about buying and selling a nation, as if seven millions of people in the Philippine Islands were of no more importance than a bale of cotton. With the capture of that Spanish colony, some of the gravest problems, not merely of diplomacy, but of common humanity, will rush upon the minds of our statesman. The majority of the inhabitants of these islands be-long to the yellow and black races. Shall we accept the principle upon which "the great powers" act, and, seeing that they are not capable of intelligent self government, treat them as simply a prize of war? Nothing could be more un-American and degrading to our people than such a treatment of a foreign race. An American idea of great value is that the United States is set to guard the liberties of the American con-tinent, to see to it that there shall be here no arbitrary rule of a foreign power. To maintain this high position as umpire and guardian, it has been our policy to abstain from entanglement in the political affairs of the other three-quarters of the globe. But now some of our states-men see our fortunes written large, as they think of Cuba, Hawaii, and the Philippines as American possessions to be exploited for the benefit of our manufactures and our commerce. The very conception is un-American. It be-longs to a "strong government." The word "empire" only befits it. When once we have committed ourselves to such an idea of aggrandizement, we must take our place beside the great empires of Russia, Germany, and England. With "empire" goes of necessity "emperor."  The French Republic seems for the moment to be an exception, and yet the perils which surround the Presi-dent's chair are things which come from military rule-The freedom of France is to-day threatened by the army, which is necessary, not merely for her defence, but for the maintenance of her empire in Africa and Asia. A cry which almost instinctively come to the lips of a French military man when the mob assembles in the streets of Paris is, "Vive l'Empereur !" Cincinnatus should set the United States its example. As he returned to his plough when his campaigns were ended, so should the United States, after striking a man-ful blow for human liberty, retire to the pursuits of peace-and the liberal arts of republican sympathy. There is nothing which would so ennoble our own people, nothing which would so increase our influence among the nations, as such a spectacle of self control. As Washington re fused to be king, so must America refuse to join the part nership of the giants who are dividing among themselves the spoils of the half-civilized world. Our American policy has been interference in foreign affairs for good cause, followed always by a prompt with-drawal when our work was done. Mr. Tiffany calls at-tention to the part played by the United States abroad, illustrating this policy. Our Government destroyed that nest of pirates in the Mediterranean Sea. It abolished the tolls at the mouth of the Baltic, claiming that the seas were the highways of all nations. It opened to the world the ports of Japan. These things were done with-out expectation of reward. A still more brilliant and telling illustration of our American policy of disinterested intervention in the name of liberty and justice may be found in the case of Kos-suth. He sought refuge in Turkey after the Revolution of 1848. His extradition was demanded by Austria and Russia. The sultan offered to protect him if he would become a Mohammedan; but, in accordance with a reso-lution of our Senate, the war steamer "Mississippi" de-manded him at the hands of the Turks, and brought him to the United States as the guest of the nation. That is an example of true Americanism. 42,- -4 -4 LONDON journal reports these words from the Bishop of Marlborough, spoken recently in allusion to the martial aspect of affairs throughout the world. They are the words of one who distinguishes between Christian-ity and "patriotism":Š "Look out upon the world from Klondyke to Rhode-sia, and from the banks of the Niger to the Far East where the four Christian vultures, Russia, England, Ger-many, and France. are gloating over the moribund Em-pire of China, claiming it not for Christ, the Master of the Nations, but passionately claiming it for commercial purposes. Mammon, Mammon, Mammon! Can your Christian consciences be satisfied with the aspect of things represented by those Christian vultures, not having claimed China for Christ, but for cotton or gold?" 