808 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, Vol. 4, No. 41. TI2e 1rr2eFical2 Ber21i121. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, NOVEMBER 6, 1889. NOTE.ŠN0 papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. IF you are about to write for this paper with a lead-pencil, please don't. Use pen and ink and ruled paper; then avoid crowding. If you cannot act in harmony with these suggestions, do not be surprised if your matter is not printed. It may be, but the chances will be against it. THE Prohibitionists are displeased at Senator Blair, because, notwithstanding all his aforetime protestations of temperance principles, he re-mained away from the State during the recent campaign, in New Hampshire, and did nothing for the proposed amendment. It ,seems that the W. C. T. U. has power to manipulate the Senator only in the direction of Sunday laws and other religio-political measures. Ł  Ł A CONVENTION was held recently in San Fran-cisco to see what could be done toward organizing a movement in the interests of Sunday observ-ance. Dr. -R. H. McDonald, of San Francisco, and C. C. Clay and William Cubery, of Oakland, were appointed a committee to endeavor to raise $25,000 as a campaign fund. Just how the money iszto:be applied we have not seen stated. An effort is also being made -to secure the services of W. F. Crafts to assist in the work in this State. AYER'S NEWSPAPER ANNUAL for 1889 is the finest and most complete directory of the kind which we have ever seen, and we do not believe that its equal has ever before been pub-lished. No newspaper office and no advertiser should be without it. It is not only a complete directory of every periodical of every kind pub-lished in the United States and Canada, but it gives the circulation of each, and the population of the town or city in which_ published. It con- tains 1,126 page's and sells for $5.00, carriage paid. or sale by the publishers, N. W. Ayer & Sons, Philadelphia, Pa. A CORRESPONDENT of the New York Observer, writing of the late Paris Sunday -convention, says :Š " The subject was treated chiefly from an economic and sanitary point of -view, though the moral and re-ligious advantages of Sabbath-keeping were not lost sight of. . . . The main resolutions, which were adopted after full discussion, favored the observance -of the Sabbath by all companies and manufacturing establishments, as well as by private individuals, and urged that in cases where the business required con-tinuous labor, arrangements should be made to allow all employes entire rest for one-seventh portion of time." Thus it seems that a rather more liberal sfirit prevails in France in regard to Sunday than in our own country. Here the one great and all-absorbing object of Sunday-law advocates is to protect the day, while there it appears that a reg-Oar weekly rest is the great thing. Nevertheless, the day cannot be separated from the religious character which has been given to it, and legisla- tion must touch it very lightly if it does not af-ford, one class an opportunity to oppress another for failure to conform to their ideas of propriety upon that day. TIE Christian at Work (New York) says :Š " The rector of a church in this city announces that he has discontinued his usual Sunday eVening serv-ices because'of the invasion of the 'neighborhood by persons of vicious character, and he expects to be com-pelled to move the church away altogether. His re-spectable parishioners, he says, dare not bring their wives and daughters out after dark for fear of exposing them to contact with immoral women, if not to actual insult. He therefore gives up the struggle to main-tain religious worship against this opposition, and will retire from the field as soon as he can find a more respectable location." We have never heard of such a case in this State, yet we have no Sunday law, while New York has. THE adjutant-general of Tennessee has issued an order forbidding competitive or exhibition drills on Sunday ; commanding officers .not to order out 'or to permit their commands to assem-ble for any duty or niilitary maneuvering on Sunday, other than that permitted and required by the regulations while the forceS are in camp under orders. The order is said to be issued by the direction of the governor: The American Sabbath Union-will doubtless point with great glee to this; brut, unfiortunately, it does not coincide with their declaration that the soldiers are demanding release from Sunday parades, for the soldiers are displeased with the order, Lieutenant Patterson saying that it is a severe blow to the military of Tennessee. grŁ THE New York Examiner (Baptist) says: "The Catholics will not 'listen for a moment to the Protestant proposition to give general instruc-tion in morality in the schools without reference to any particular religious sect. This they claim to be impossible." And again : " What the Romish Church wants is, in brief, her own way, and she will accept no compromise." Here is a plum for the National Reformers and the Amer-ican Sabbath Union, both of whom _are catering for the assistance of the Catholics in the special schemes of the respective associations. Rome will no doubt unite with them when her way is clear to control the objects sought. We are glad tlaN leading Baptist organ sees the situation ; but the question arises, Will it and its denomi-nation have the sagacity to keep clear --of the meshes into which the Reformers and Sabbath.  Unionists are endeavoring to-lead the Protestants of the country ? " A .prudent man foreseeth the-evil and hideth biniself, but the simple pass on, and are_punished." THE following is the Sunday plank from the Prohibition platform of the Massachusetts Prohi-bition convention:Š " Resolved, That we hold the religious liberty of our people among its highest possessions, arid that chief among -the blessings to be secured are the rest and peace of the Sabbath." We find it somewhat difficult to classify this Utter-ance. It is certainly one of two things; either the result of a compromise, or it is an exceedingly awkward attempt to make it appear that religious liberty deinands the passage and enforcement of Sunday laws I But such laws do, in the- very - nature of the case, of, necessity infringe religious  liberty. Suppose that the Catholic Church say that it was an infringement of religious liberty? were-to insist on the passage of a law forbidding labor ma good Friday, would not every Protestant Certainly; but it would not be nearly so much so as is a Sunday law, for Good Friday occurs only once a year, while Sunday is a weekly festi-val, and it is just as much a religious institution as is Good Friday. They both belong to the clirch, and it is just as oppressive to enforce the observ-,  ante of one as of- the other. Ł Ł  44,  THE Spokane Falls Review says :-- " Those well-meaning people who are going about the country circulating petitions to Congress not to pass the Blair Sunday bill are throwing away their time, and might as well tear up their documents and engage in other work. There is not the slightest probability of the passage of that bill, and nobody knowS it better than Mr. Blair himself. He Would not be Mr. Hair, however,-unless he had a hobby. Congress tolerates his persistent efforts to legislate the peope into heaven on the principle that it seems to please him and does not interfere with anybody else." Does the Review understand fully the situa-tion? Does it know that there was presented to the last Congress petitions purporting to repre-sent over 14,000,000 people of the United States praying for Ł a National Sunday law? In the fancied security in which hundreds of thousands rest lies the danger. to liberty which the Review thinks is wholly imaginary. "Eternal vigilance is the price-  Of liberty." CERTAIN advocates of Sunday legislation are accustomed to "bear false witness," by asserting that Seventh-day , Baptists and Seventh-day Adventists join with saloonists in opposing Sun-day laws. Those who know the facts, know that they are uncompromising foes of the saloon, ad-vocating its total destruction. We oppose Sun-day legislaf on on religious grounds; we oppose the saloon on all days, and condemn the folly of 4legalizing its existence on six days of the week, and then attempting to close it on its most profit-able day upon the false plea that. that day is sacred. It is wicked to lie about small things even. Brethren, tell the truth-  about us for the sake of your own reputation, if for nothing else. ---The Outlook. Time to Renew. QUITE a number of subscriptions to-the AMER-ICAN' SENTINEL expire during the months of No-vember and December. Please look at the date on the address label.  opposite your name, and if your time has expired, or is about to expire, please renew at once and thus avoid missing any num-bers. Price, $1.00 per year. If you will send Lo four new subscribers at $1.00 each, we will send you the SENTINEL for one year free. Now is the time to work. Are you ready ? THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation ,of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or-religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anythingtending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - - $1.00 In clubs of ten or more copies; per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - us. Address; AMERICAN SENTINEL, Ł 1059 Castro St., OAKLAND, CAL. 