614 AMERICAN SENTINEL. attaches guilt to some of the violent feelings, such as resentment, hatred, revenge; and by doing this, we con-tend that he attaches guilt to war. War can not be carried on without these passions which he prohibits. Our argument, therefore, is syllogistical. War can not be allowed, if that which is necessary to war is prohib-ited. It was sufficient for the law of Moses that men main-tained love towards their neighbors; towards an enemy they were at liberty to indulge rancor and resentment. But Christianity says, "If ye love them only which love you, what reward have ye?ŠLove your enemies." Now, what sort of love does that man bear towards his enemy, who runs him througa with the bayonet? We contend that the distinguishing duties of Christianity must be sacrificed when war is carried on. The question is between the abandonment of these duties and the abandonment of war, for both can not be retained. It is, however, objected tbigt the prohibitions,"Resist not evil," etc., are figurative; and that they do not mean that no injury is to bp punished, and no outrage is to be repelled. It has been asked, with complacent exultation, what would these advocates of peace say to him who struck them on the right cheek? Would they turn to him the other? What would these patient mor-alists say to him who robbed them of a coat? Would they give him a cloak also? What would these philan-thropists say to him who asked them to lend a hundred pounds? Would they not turn away? This is argu-mentum ad hominem; one example amongst the many, of that lowest and most dishonest of all modes of intel-lectual warfare, which consists in exciting the feelings instead of convincing the understanding. It is, how-ever, some satisfaction that the motive to the adoption of this mode of warfare is itself an evidence of a bad cause, for what honest reasoner would produce only a laugh, if he were able to produce conviction? But I must ask, in my_turn, what do these objectors say is the meaning of the.precepts? What is the mean-ing of "resist not evil?" Does it mean to allow bom-bardment, devastation, murder? if it, does not mean to allow all this, it does not mean ,to allow war. What again do the objectors say is the meaning of "love your enemies," or of "do good to them .tat hate you?" Does it mean "ruin their commerce"-esink their fleets"Š"plunder their cities" shoot through their hearts?" If the precept does not mean alibis, it does not mean war. 'We are, then, not required to define what excep-tions Christianity may admit to the application of some of the precepts from the mount; since, whatever excep Ł tions she may allow, it is manifest what she does not allow: for if we give to our objectors whatever license of interpretation they may desire, they can not, either by hone-4y or dishonesty. interpret the precepts as to make them allow war. I would, however ne far from insinuating that we are left without any -.:,Jans of determining the degree  and kind of resistance, which, in some cases, is lawful; although I believe no specification of it can be previously laid down: for if the precepts of Christianity had been multiplied a thousand-fold, there would still have arisen many cases of daily occurrence, to which none of them would precisely have applied. Our business, then, so far as written rules are concerned, is in all cases to which these rules do not apply, to regulate our conduct by those general principles and dispositions which our reli-gion enjoins. I say,  ,as far as written rules are concerned, for, "if any man lack wisdom," and these rules do not impart it, "let him ask of God."ŠFrom ' An Inquiry into the Accordancy of War with the Principles of Christianity." The Liberty of Christ.ŠNo. 3. BY B. W. MARSH. SATAN'S untiring purpose is to take from the inhab-itants of earth all the freedom God has designed for them to enjoy. He persuades man to part with his liberty by promising him more liberty; this is the way he began, and he has ever since found it a good plan to follow. Adam and Eve were given the freedom of the earth; they were at liberty to do as they pleased, and they pleased to do the thing that completely deprived them of the liberty to do as they pleased at all. That is, it 'pleased them to permit a third party (the devil) to interpret the Word of God for them, and it pleased him to interpret it to their understanding to be a lie; and having in this way got between man and God, it has been his chief pleasure for six thousand years to make man believe that everything God says is a lie. As long as Satan can stay between man and his Maker, man is a slave to the will of Satan, and is forced to accept his translation of the Work of God. When Eve permitted Satan to persuade her that the forbidden fruit was good, after God had said it was bad, she surrendered her freedom of thought, and placed herself in complete bondage to the one whom she permitted to do her reasoning. This being the standpoint from which Satan has employed all his means to educate in all ages, it is not strange if at this time the majority of the human family should be more willing to have some one else exercise their power of individuality, than to stand directly in the channel of communication with God themselves. God never designed that a third person should stand between man and his freedom of action. He has given no being the privilege or power to measure his Spirit to another, neither is the liberty to use personal influence, or mind pressure, upon another, from God. When mind pressure, personal influence, or any other kind of human influence, is used to sway the will of another, it is just as much religious intolerance, although directed in an- 