170 AMERICAN SENTINEL. political institutions, of ours  homes, of all social order, as well as of our common Christianity. Thf ir presence in a community is an impeachment of its intelligence and an insult to its morality." Such a "warning" could result in nothing else than exhibitions of intolerance and lawlessness ten times more hurtful to genuine religion, to sound morals, and to "our political institutions" than the teaching of Mormonism. Mormonism being opposed to the fundamental principles of Christianity is dangerous only to those who have no well-grounded religious faith and who know but little of the truths of divine revelation. The safeguard against its errors is not violence, but truth; not whipping, but teaching; not black gum or hickory rods, but the sword of the Spirit. Oh, that Christians one and all might speedily learn that, "The weapons of our warfare are not carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds." "All they that take the sword shall perish with the sword. Let us, then, not appeal to physical force, but to spiritual power, that we may live and not die in that great day when only God's truth and those who have built upon it shall stand. C. P. B. Springville, Tenn. Decision on the Flag Salute in Colorado. THE following from the Denver (Col.) News, of March 1, gives the latest information that has come to us re- garding the situation raised by the flag salute in Boul-der :Š "B OULDER, Colo., Feb. 28.ŠThe flag salute contro-versy was heard before County Superintendent Harding this afternoon. Dr. Reed represented the Seventh-day Adventists and Chairman E. J. Temple the school board. After reviewing the case Superintendent Harding decided that the flag salute, as it now stands, is a religious test and ordered that all students expelled for non-compliance with the salute order be reinstated at once. As Chairman Temple left the office he announced that the school board would have a flag salute enforced in the schools next Monday morning so modified from the present form that it could not be disqualified on religious principles." Senate Bill for Sectarian Appropriations. THE District Appropriations Bill, which provides for the maintenance of various charitable institutions in the District of Columbia, and was reported to the Senate of the United States, March 3, contains the following speci-fications (pp. 53, 54):Š "For the Church Orphanage Association of St. John's Parish, maintenance, one thousand eight hundred dollars. "For Saint Ann's Infant Asylum, maintenance, five thousand four hundred dollars. "For Association for Works of Mercy, maintenance, one thousand eight hundred dollars. "For House of the Good Shepherd, maintenance, two thousand seven hundred dollars. "For the Saint Rose Industrial School, maintenance,-four thousand rive hundred dollars. "For Saint Joseph's Agiylum, maintenance, one thou-sand eight hundred dollars. "For Young Woman's Christian Home, one thousand dollars." The first-named of these institutions belongs to the Episcopal Church. The rest, excepting the last, are the property of the Roman Catholic Church. This bill proposes the repeal of the Act of March 3, 1897, which provided that no contract for appropria-tions to private institutions "shall extend beyond the thirtieth day of June, 1899, and that no payment shall be made under any such contract except for service act-ually rendered." This provision is crossed out in the bill now under the Senate's consideration. This, therefore, is nothing else than a deliberate at-tempt to reinstate the principle of sectarian appropriaŁ tions, which by the Act of March 3, 1897, had been prac-tically discarded. The influence behind this part of the Appropriations Bill is of course that of the churches whose institutions receive the benefit of the proposed grants. It is said by one who has an inside view of affairs at the Capitol that the Methodist and Catholic churches are in league to se-cure the passage of this sectarian measure by Congress; that the Methodists will help the Catholics in the Senate, and the Catholics the Methodists in the House. The money appropriated by the Government to sec-tarian institutions is raised by taxation. The people therefore are taxed to support an institution of the church; and this is contrary to free government. For the people never proposed to establish a church; the people are adherents of various churches or of no church. They could not possibly be united in support of any one church, or any two. What they did propose, and what they accomplished, was the establishment of a civil, Re-publican, government; and all money raised by taxation from the people is to maintain that government and for nothing else. To appropriate it for other purposes is to misappropriate it, and incur the guilt of dishonesty. These sectarian institutions are wholly under the con-trol of the churches to which they belong. The people who are taxed to support them have, in many cases at least, no voice whatever in their management. To tax the people for their support is therefore a direct violation of the principle, "no taxation without representation," for which our forefathers fought the Revolutionary War. But we have reached a day when, in the affairs of government, principle seems to be largely outweighed by policy. But this Government must stand upon principle, and not policy, if it stands at all. THE Bishop of Liverpool is quoted as saying that "Sunday is the barometer of every so-called Christian nation." That being true, what is the use of legislating to try to prevent a fall of the barometer? 