4 341 1:1-1E, SENTINEL =OF LIBERTY. hearts of the ;people by law. Human statutes and2acts,:.3 of legiSlatineS are powerless' Ł to :contral,  those influ--ences by which an institutiOn=aS"the Sunday sabbath ---gains or loses in the belief and affections of man-kind. Formerly Sunday was much more generally observed than: it to-day, because there was a more general-belief in its claims as a sacred day,'and; a more general regard for it as such; now that belief and 're-gard are on -the decline, and no law can:Save the in-stitution from the resulting disintegration. Ł The only remedy for the situation must be Some-thing that will influence the minds and hearts of the people in favor of the claims made for Sunday as a sacred day: How such a remedy can be found, we do not know; indeed, we do not believe it can he found at all. .The Scriptures evidently do not afford a foundation for belief in Sunday as against the claims of the seventh day, and while men can. reasonably doubt the genuineness of its claims they cannot be ex-pected to have any regard for it beyond that which may arise from purely selfish-motives. With. the Cath-olics Sunday rests upon tradition and the authority of the Catholic church, .and this is the only stable foun-dation upon which the institution can be based. Pro-testants must either -go over to this foundation kir the. day or see it lapse into complete decay and ruin. - But if they go" over to Rome's 'foundation they will be no longer Protestants. Which course will they take? Will they give up -SUnday or go back.  to the ground of tradition and church authority as the basis of relig- . ions obligation, which they abandoned at the Refor , mation ? Evidently they must soon dO 'either the one or the other ; and meanwhile there is being held out to them the alternative of accepting the claims of the seventh day Sabbath of the fourth commandment, resting upon the word and _ authority of inspiration alone. s. Sunday Then and Now. "Sunday labor must be stopped," says "Sunday Reform Leaflets." "It is undermining our Christian civilization; and, so long as it continues, an immense number will be kept away from religious influences, preparing for that mental and moral state out of which come labor troubles, strikes, and riots ; and worse things may be expected ,under separations from re-ligion." This is exactly the argument used in favor of Sun-day laws in the fourth century. First Sunday work kept the people away from "religious influences," that is from the churches, therefore work was forbidden. Then the people being idle, they resorted not to the churches, but to the theaters, which kept them "away from religious influences" ; therefore the theatres were prohibited on Sunday. The result was that the people  alfbecattil so "tg oodnithat the empire, is called even to-day the "Holy kornan tEmPire." Those who refused -to be "good" were killed, and this order of things continued for many centuries. It is true that the major portion of that time is known as the "Dark Ages," but there are a good many people who seem anxious to see the history of the "Holy Roman Empires" the Inquisition, and the Dark Ages generally, repeated in this=-land and in the twentieth century, soon to-dawn upotrthe world. A Christian Citizenship Evangelist. "The National Christian Citizenship League, moved by profound spiritual passion for the coming of the Kingdom of ,God on earth, and after prayerful con-sideration," says its organ, The Social Forum, "has concluded to add to its other lines, a department of evangelistic work. However much we may realize the inadequacy and deplore the partial failure of present religious effort, we nevertheless know that in the past there has been a deep spiritual fire associated with the old life. Smoldering and dormant it may now be, but as in other timesŁ  in response to the soul's intensest yearnings and man's supremest need, the breath of God will again fan it into a purifying flame that will sweep over the land, and pride and vanity and the idols of the heart will be dissolved before it like chaff in a furnace. * * * "We believe that the essential weakness of present-day methods, both in religion and reform, is the failure to address the heart as well as the head. We believe the heart when' powerfully appealed to and profound-ly stirred will apprehend the right with more unerring accuracy than will the head ; that with the heart man believeth unto righteousness, and when the emotions are deeply agitated they will overflow, suffuse and compel the assent of the intellect, when confession will be made unto salvation. Believing this, the National Christian Citizenship League propose earnestly to seek a revival of spiritual fervor and power, assured that only through such a revival can Christ's righteousness be realized, ;the Christ-life be incarnated in our own and the evils that menace our collective life be abol-ished." By "our collective life" the Social Forum means our political life. And, this new movement proposes to unite religion and politics, and to appeal to the re-ligious, sentiments and feelings of the people to move them to political action. This can mean nothing less than practical union of church and state, first of all in the individual and then in "our collective life." We are not of those who believe that one can be an honest man in private life and a rogue in public life; 