256 THE; AJVIERICAN SENTINEL.. VoL. 5, No. 32. NEW YORK, AUGUST 14, 1890. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL Without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able-rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears thtit they will be asked to pay for it-simply because they take it from the post-office. A SpeCial Offer. ANY oneŠeither new or old subscriber Šmentioning this notice, and sending us one dollar for one year's subscription to THE AMERICAN SENTINEL within 30 days from the date of this paper, will receive by return mail, post-paid, a copy of either "Civil G-overnment and Religion, " or "The National Sunday Law," both of which are advertised on the preceding page. THE Troy Annual Conference has peti-tioned Congress that the corps of army chaplains be enlarged. The development of a military corps of religionists, goes naturally hand in hand with legislative enactments to secure formal observance of religious doctrines. Ł -I Ł THE Southern Sentinel, a Dallas, Texas, paper, that has for some months been doing good service in the promulgation of correct political doctrines in the Lone Star State, has just been enlarged. The principles of the Southern Sentinel are substantially the same as our own, and we rejoice in its prosperity. THE Inter-Ocean says, that under the compulsory education law of Illinois, some school trustees " have assumed the right to indulge their individual prejudices against parochial schools." Yes, such laws as that are always used that way. The proper thing to do to put a stop to it, is to blot from the statute books such laws, forever. AUGUST 4, an election was held in Salt Lake City, in which the Liberal, or anti-Mormon ticket, was successful. Re-ferring to this fact, the Mail and Express says :Š Again the Christians have whipped their oppo-nents. In yesterday's election the Liberals carried the county by majorities ranging from three to five hundred, although the Mormons had placed a bogus ticket, called a " workingmen's ticket, " in the field. The contest was bitter and exciting. Thus, it appears that in Utah whatever is anti-Mormon is " Christian." We have no idea, however, that the men who en-gaged in this " bitter and exciting " con-test had any idea of doing it as Christians, but only as citizens. The use of the word  " Christian " in this connection, is due to the determination of the Mail and Ex-press school of politicians to so mix relig-ious and political questions, that the pep, ple will entirely lose sight of the difference, and suffer the State to exercise authority in both spiritual and temporal affairs.  Ł IT is stated that in a recent lecture in London, Dr. Parker said :Š Sunday. is . . . given up to parties at your homes, Ł bicycling. and lawn-tennis, even among occasional church-goers, who would vote against the opening of museums on Sunday. It should be remembered that this is in " Christian " England, where they have a national Sunday law, an established church, and about all that the National Reformers insist would make it a Chris-tian nation. The moral is, that people cannot be made religious by law. Another thought in connection with it is, that this Sunday intolerance affects people very similarly in every part of the world; the " Christians " who want to compel others to keep Sunday when they do not keep it themselves, are not confined to England, some of them are to be found in New York, and we have even heard of them as far west as California. THE Paterson ( N. J. ) Press has written to the authorities of one hundred-and-three of the principal cities of the United States for information as to the' regula-tions governing the use of their public parks on Sunday. Replies were received from eighty-nine, and of these, New Orleans is the only city which makes no distinction between Sunday and other days of the week. Washington, D. C., and Richmond, Virginia, furnish no means of recreation and permit no amuse-ments whatever in their parks on Sunday. The comparison which the city of Washington bears in this regard to the other cities of the country, is an interest-ing fact to note, when it is remembered with what urgency a local Sunday law was pressed, at Washington, last winter. It is but another evidence of that which the entire. country now knows, namely, that the whole effort was only an attempt to secure political capital to further the gen-eral movement for a national Sunday law. A CORRESPONDENT of the Duluth News, makes the following good point :Š Rev. W.' F. Crafts, of the American Sabbath Union, after presenting his reasons for a Sunday law before an audience of workingmen, was asked if a law could not be made demanding one day of rest in seven, leaving the 'individual to choose his day. Mr. Crafts replied : " If you take religion out of the day, you take the rest out of it." Now, if you cannot get rest on Sunday without religion, and a law is made compelling you to rest, what else is it but a law compelling you to be religious ? The fact is that were it not for their religious regard for Sunday, neither Mr. Crafts nor any other minister would be found pleading fora Sunday law. _The history of the eight-hour Movement, and _ other labor reforms, proves this ; the minis-ters hay4 as a class, interested themselves in none of them. PRINCE BISMARCK is credited with the following Over-educatiOn led to much dissatiSfaction and disappointment. in Germany, but in-AuSSia it led to disaffection and conspiracy. There were ten times as many people educated for the higher walks as there .wetie places to fin. Further, educa-tion was making pedantic theorists and visionaries, unfit for constitutional government. It would be madness to put such men in authority. Russians do not know yet what they want; they must therefore be ruled with a rod of iron. Of course education unfits men to be ruled by despots. Education familiarizes men with the '.truth that governments de- - rive their just powers not by inheritance, but by the Consent of the governed; it is, therefore, the foe of autocrats. ON April 9— Senator Vance introduced in the Senate, " A bill to release certain church property in the District of Colum-bia from taxation," which enacts, "That all taxes and special assessments which may have been heretofore charged against any church property in the District of Columbia, but remaining unpaid, be can-celled and released : provided, that at the time such tax or special assessment was levied, the property in question was used exclusively for church purposes." Thus, unquestioned, would the United States Government recognize. the demand of the Church for this modicum of indi-rect support from the State. As church property is untaxed, so all other property must submit to a heavier taxation in pro-portion, and therefore the taxes, which the church property would otherwise pay, are divided pro rata among all tax-payers, and consequently the entire taxable prop-erty is assessed with the church taxes. By this indirection the churchman ob-tains from the non-churchgoer just so much towards the aggrandizement of his church, and the more worldly, wealthy, covetous and miserly the church organiza-tion is, just so much more involuntary support and aid it draws from those who are not in sympathy with its hoarding methods. THE AMERICAN. SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preserva- tion of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending towards a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. SINGLE COPY, PER YEAR, POST.-PAID, . . . $1.00. In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, . . . . 75e. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORE, 