MAY 16, 1895. .A.1011FLIEC.A.INT 1N17.1L'IaNT1EllLto 157 self-government, who made the Sunday Ob-servance League the governors of the people who cannot govern themselves ? Where are their credentials ? Mr. Haupt urged his case as a needful one, and pointed to the fact that there is a statute forbidding baseball games and prize fights on Sunday; but all to no effect, for the mayor thought such laws were not to be strictly en-forced, but only held as a club over the heads of,  transgressors. In an interview with a press representative, Mr. Haupt candidly admitted in the following words that the movement was for the sake of enforcing "Sabbath [Sunday] observance":Š I think that the Sunday law should be enforced and the Sabbath observed in all respects if it is to be ob-served at all. . . . I did not ask Mayor Smith to stop the Sunday baseball game because my church is within two blocks of the ball grounds, but merely because I believe that if the Sabbath is to be a blessing to us it should be fully observed, That is to say: Mr. Haupt believes that the Sabbath is to be observed on Sunday, and that in a particular manner, in order that the Sab-bath may be a blessing; and that he finds no other way in which to bring about the desired Observance except to appeal to the civil au-thority and demand the enforcement of civil law against the unbeliever! Is this doing as he would like to be done by ? Is it Christian? The game was played, and still the battle rages, for a second game, under protection of four special and one mounted police, has been played. Several mass meetings have been held, both for and against the games being played,  on Sunday. Petitions and counter-petitions have been circulated, and sermons have been preached against the games; the " Saturday half holiday" has been strongly advocated, and attorneys have been consulted. Thus, as in the earlier centuries, the Church will turn the seventh day of the week, God's Sab-bath, into a holiday and a day of revelry, in order that it may. exalt the man-made Sabbath, the " wild solar holiday of all pagan times." At , this writing, the question is still un-settled. The mayor is still obdurate, and the opposers of the games are determined. Of course no one can predict the outcome. St. Paul, May 6. A MINISTER CALLS A HALT. [From the Cincinnati Enquirer, April 30.] AT a meeting of the Methodist ministers yesterday morning, Rev. Dr. Davis W. Clark, of the Union Church, Covington, read a paper entitled, " Paul, the First Professor of Pas-toral Theology." He created a sensation by saying that ministers of the gospel had no business in bringing into their pulpits discus-sions on municipal reform. St. Paul had been a roaming missionary, not an agitator nor re-former, but a non-partisan in the modern sense of that word. He had not even pro-claimed against slavery. The ministers' full and ready field was to engage in a spiritual warfare upon strict gospel lines. Instead of spending so much of their valuable time in schemes of municipal reform, it would be far better advised for them to invoke the power of the Holy Ghost to create a healthy sentiment for the extermination of the evils they were complaining of. He would advise the minis-ters to go out among the people, as did St. Paul, and preach the gospel. Their time would be more profitably spent in leading the youth of the country into right and godly paths. All the ministerial agitation about municipal reform would lead to no results. He did not believe in agitation, but in per-sonal persuasion. He would say to the young men of this country: "Don't be a partisan and don't wear a white rose in the lapel of your coat, and don't join the A. P. A., but join the church and learn from it wisdom that will impress you and remain with you all your life." In conclusion, Dr. Clark said: " No min-ister has a right to use his pulpit for any political movement. He has a right to teach the boys and girls of the community in which he lives the duties of true citizen-ship." When Dr. Clark had finished his address, Rev. Dr. John Pearson, President of the Municipal Reform League, arose, and, to the astonishment of all, -stated that he was de-lighted with Dr. Clark's essay. However, said he : " In his community there may not be any youth that are liable to be led away by muni-cipal misrule, nor in any danger from the sa-loons or the race track, but Covington and Cin-cinnati are in continual communication with a consolidated system of gambling that-is bleed-ing the families of the poor and sending to death and destruction many a young man of promise." Dr. A. L. Conger, Dr. A. H. Rust and others arose to side with the essayist. Rev. Dr. Peck, the evangelist, of Denver, Colo., spoke against the present movement of muni-cipal reform. He said the devil was trying to blind the preachers, and that preaching the gospel and attending strictly to ministerial duties would be better agents of municipal reform. Rev. Dr. Sylvester Weeks, President of the Methodist Ministers' Conference, arose to say: " I am heartily sick and tired of this constant meddling by the ministers with political mat-ters and their attacks upon the mayor. In at-tending to their business, ministers would find plenty to do. I have read Dr. S. McChesney's open letter, which is an excellent thing, and voices the sentiments of a majority of the Methodist ministers." DR. MC CHESNEY'S LETTER. Walnut Hills, April 28, 1895. REV. WM. MCKIBBIN, D. D.ŠDear Sir: After further deliberation, I concluded not to advertise from my pulpit the Municipal Reform meeting, to be held at your church, and, therefore, feel obliged to give you my reasons. 1. I am unwilling at this juncture to seem to be even in part responsible for the senti-ments of reform speakers of whose antecedents I am not adequately advised. 2. I am not satisfied in my own mind that the moral effect of this reform agitation is for reform, pure and simple, unalloyed by political aspirations of participants, and which at the outcome might prove that our churches had been used as a leverage to resuscitate moribund politicians. 3. If it is a question of bossism I will say that I hesitate about becoming a party to an exchange until I shall know something about the substitute boss. I would not exchange even a pack horse until I had seen the other horse. 4. We have recently been furnished with so striking an illustration of the possible political effects of a municipal reform movement in the city of Columbus, Ohio, that, personally, I do not care to participate in a similar ref- ormation in CincinnatiŠespecially at a time when the nation itself is prostrate in con-sequence of the denomination of a power which deceived the country with the cry of reform. 5. The citizens of Cincinnati, including the laity of our churches, are better advised as to the actual facts than our city pastors can be, if they are occupied chiefly with pastoral du- ties. Is it because the laity are so lumpish that the ministers are shut up to the alterna-tive of leading the reform movement, and that too, under the disadvantage of the sus-picion of endeavoring to play the role of a Parkhurst? Are our laymen so much afraid of imperil-ing secular interests that they have not the courage to participate to any appreciable ex-tent in a public reform movement? Who be-lieves that? If that be true, it would seem that our first duty as ministers is to reform the laity. The non-enforcement of the law is, indeed, a serious affair in municipal government. Is it any the less serious in matters ecclesias-tical? Again, in a country where government is es-tablished upon the basis of separation of Church and State, citizenship, with all its privileges and responsibilities, remains alike to preachers and laymen. How far it is proper and just for ecclesias-tical organizations, as such, to make war upon the municipal authorities, is a question which calls for serious consideration. Is it not safe to affirm that in a country where liberty is supposed to mean something besides license, if the civil authorities were to make war upon any ecclesiastical organ-ization, there would be no hesitation about the assertion of rights under the Constitu-tion? As guardians of public morals there can be little room for doubt as to the legitimate func-tions of the churches. By what means, and in what way, and to what extent, such guardianship shall assert it-self are still open questions. I prefer, therefore, to confine my responsi-bility in the premises to my own pulpit. With assurance of personal esteem, I am, sincerely yours, S. MCCHESNEY. PROTESTANT INCONSISTENCIES. [From Zion's Watch Tower.] OF all religionists " Protestants " seem the most inconsistent. Evangelist Moody con-tinues to charge Protestants a good stiff price for reviving them, but shows his love for papists by donating $500 to help build a Roman Catholic church, and by prohibiting the sale upon his school premises of a news-paper containing an anti-Romanist article. The World's 'Parliament of Religions clearly showed that many professed ministers of Christ were not only ready to ignore the faith, but even the name of ChristŠto draw men after them. Recently a Baptist church edifice was dedi-cated, and all the denominations of the town were represented at the ceremony by their ministers except the Roman Catholic. For his consistency and honesty the priest was roundly denounced. His reply was to the effect that he recognized a wide difference between the teachings of his church and those of the one to be honored by the dedicatory services, and that he wished to be consistent and honest in his conduct as well as in his professions. A Jewish synagogue was dedicated in Cleve-land, and Protestant ministers vied with one another at the service to show that faith in Christ means nothing. This is not Christian love, or " love of the brethren," so highly commended by the apostle as one of the evi-dences that we " have passed from death unto life." It is worldly loveŠthe result either of ignorance or of disloyalty to Christ. It is the kind of love mentioned in the Scriptures thus: " If any man love the world, the love of the Father is not in him." Far better, far more consistent, is the Jew- 