100 TI-18 ANMRICAN misstatement of fact. There can be no question about God's supremacy in all matters to the extent to which he sees proper.to interfere; that he overrules even the actions of wicked men to work out his plans is a truth which can not be success-fully disputed; but the personal sovereignty of Christ is, as yet, a sovereignty of love only. He reigns by love in the hearts of those who voluntarily receive him as their King. It would indeed be a glorious thing if Christ was crowned King by even one na-tion upon earth, but that can only come to pass through the action of the individuals of which that nation is composed. It could not be done by a simple vote of the ma-jority, even if the majority were so dis-posed. Would it not be a mockery for the Pres-ident to announce, officially, that Christ is Lord paramount in this country when every smart schoolboy knows that the devil has a great deal more to do with the Govern-ment of the country and with the habits of the people than Christ has ? Brooklyn, the home of the Christian Na-tion's editor, from which Mr. Allen quotes, is called " the City of Churches." Surely there, if anywhere, the fact of Christ's rulership should be visible. Yet what do we see ? Less than 300 Protestant churches and more than 3,000 saloons, not to speak of other establishments whose business it is to promote the interests of the devil's kingdom. The churches are open for business one day in the week, and for an hour or two at different times during the week; the saloons are open for business at least six days in the week and eighteen hours a day. The people who support the chtirches think, they are doing as much as can reasonably be expected of them in sub-scribing to building funds, paying pew rents, and attending a few stated services; the people who support the saloons go there for their own pleasure and think very little of the money that it costs them. The simple fact is that a very small pro-portion. of Brooklyn's population of 800,-000 serve Christ a little, and for the most part as a matter of obligation; a very much larger proportion of the same pop-ulation serve the devil a great deal and that willingly. And the other big cities, with the ex-ception of Philadelphia, and, perhaps;  Boston, are much worse than Brooklyn. In the country districts there is much less open or visible wickedness, but there is also ,much less active and aggressive good-ness., -The difference between the country and the city tin the matter, of moral and spiritual tone is, therefore, more a matter of dntensity than of quality. Then, ;look at the character of our gov-ernments, In. New York City, Tammany Hall reigns, and Tammany is dominated, by saloon-keepers, some of them of the:most disreputable character; would it not make the devil laugh if our 'Tammany Mayor  should issue a proclamation declaring that Christ is the Supreme Ruler, and that he derives his authority from Christ ? Or, to take a step higher up, how would such a proclamation look if issued by Governor Hill, who is in league with Tammany and owes his office to his shrewdness in the use of the most indefensible kind of po-litical tactics ? And, whatever may be the opinion of the reader as to the character of our Federal Government in the hands of those now in charge of it, an official recognition of Christ's over-lordship would be quite as incongruous coming from Washington as it would be if issued from Albany or from our own City Hall; for the difference between the Kingdom of Christ and the government of this world is not a mere matter of degree, but one of kind.. His kingdom is a spiritual and not a material one, whether good or bad. If it were merely a question as to whether goodness or badness was the most preva-lent feature, then every Democrat would be bound to assume that the devil is king wherever the Republican party is in power, and every Republican would be bound to assume that the devil is king wherever the Democratic party holds powerŠthat is, if they each believe the accounts of things given in their respective party organs. The very absurdity of this suggestion is, of itself, a sufficient reply to the de-mand that Christ should be recognized by a government under the control of one of these parties, or of any other party, as the personal sovereign of this country. We who do joyfully accept Christ as our Lord and Master, can do better work for him than to demand a formal recognition of his authority from those who in fact, and in their personal conduct, repudiate that authority, Let us see first that we set his will before us as the one thing to be accomplished in our lives both in our private and public relations. Let us also seek earnestly to do all that we can to encourage goodness and to discourage badness. And above all, let us strive to hasten the coming of the Kingdom of Christ by persuading all whom we can persuade to forsake sin and con-secrate their lives to his service. And as citizens of this " alien country," let us, who ate, by virtue of the new birth, natives of the heavenly Jerusalem, seek the peace of the land in which our lot is providentially cast, as the Jewish exiles were commanded to seek the peace of the Babylonian empire while held in bondage there.ŠNew York Weekly Witness, Jan-uary 28, 1891. STOP for a moment, and look at the nations that have made religion. compul-sory. Where are they ? Did they suc-ceed ? You cannot shove people into the kingdom of God. They must go there voluntarily.Š Chicago Chironiele-Record. The Persecuted Jews and the Duty of Free Nations. No one who impartially studies the melancholy past of the Jews can rise from the perusal of their history but with the mingled feelings of admiration and com-miseration--admiration for their greatness, and glorious achievements, and commiser-ation for their sad declint and cruel suf-ferings. But you say this is a matter of the past and belongs to the dark periods of barbar-ism ! Not so. In the five million Jews who live to-day in Russia we have the most abject subjects of oppression and persecution. To publish in full the awful experiences suffered by the unhappy victims of the anti -Jewish restrictive laws of Russia would startle the world with some of the most terrible tragedies of martyred inno-cence, devotion and patriotism ever writ-ten in any language. In order to have an intelligent compre-hension of the full significance of these infamous anti-Jewish laws, it is necessary to study the general attitude of the Rus-sian Government toward the Jews. It is well known that Russia retains the worst form of medieval darkness and despotism, inasmuch as with her Church and State are identical. Those who do not belong to the orthodox Russian Church are not regarded as true Russians. Jews are, therefore, both heretics and aliens before the Russian laws. But it may be inquired, do not the followers of other creed's suffer with the Jews under the application of the same principle ? By no means. This exclusive principle is not carried out in reference to other religionists, because of the fear on the part of the Russian Gov-ernment that such action might result in serious international complications. And this fear is not without reasonable founda-tion. But it must be remembered that the Jews in Russia have no natural pro-tectors. No national church can take up their cause, and to no paternal govern-ment or fatherland can they make their appeal on the score of obligation. It is, however, above all things, this truly pa-thetic picture of the helplessness and friend-lessness of these persecuted Russian Jews that gives strength and eloquence to the mute appeal of their cruel wrongs and heartrending sufferings. To show the hideous character of the spirit that animates the whole Russian system, it is only necessary for a Jew to become a convert to the Russian Church, in order to be immediately freed from all the degrading restrictions on his freedom of movement and his choice of a profes-sion. He is also helped pecuniarily by a stated sum, down and a release from taxa-tion for a specified term. If he is married, his conversion procures him a divorce. By a profession of conversion to the Russian faith a Jew may also escape the 