330 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. the agency of his Spirit; and this is not a com-mon br -natural process, but is wholly above the common, and is supernatural. Genuine morality, therefore, in this world, is only the fruit of the Spirit of God Properly  speaking, therefore, there is no uch thing as,, common or natural morals, and to claim such a thing in the name of Christianity is to reduce Christianity and its Author to the plane of the natural, and to place it on a level with all the natural religions of the world," and thus reduces it to the level of pagan-ism. But any theory which reduces Christianity to the- level of paganism is a pagan theory. Therefore, it is again demonstrated that the ethics of the Boston Monday lectureship are pagan ethics only. This is net only the logic of the theory, it is the fact, for Mr. Cook says :Š " Merely natural morals, if taught thoroughly, must include the morals taught in the highest of all historical realities in morals, namely, the character of Christ as a man, and, therefore, the picture of the character of Christ as contained in the New Testa-ment literature is not to be excluded from the public schools." This puts the character of Christ as he lived in this world upon the plane-of the "merely natural," and it makes the picture of the character of Christ, as contained in the New Testament' literature,- a merely natural thing, and the morality of Christ a merely natural morality. This distinctly places Jesus Christi  and his character, and the record of it, all upon the plane of the merely natural, than which nothing can be more false,,nor more ab-horrent to the character of Christ, or to the picture of that character as . given in the New Testament. Jesus Christ is not a natural product, and there-fore the morals of Christ are not natural morals. The character of Christ whether as pictured in the New _Testament or the Old, is not a natural product. That picture is not a natural picture. It is all supernatural. Jesus Christ is the Lord from heaven. His coming into this world was wholly miraculous, and the miraculous is not the natural. The picture of that character as drawn in the Scriptures is a picture drawn by inspiration ,of God. The Spirit of Christ itself foretold his coining; the manner -of his birth, and of his death. That same Spirit recorded the fact of his coming, of his birth, his manner of life, his death, his resurrection, and his ascension again to heaven. These Scriptures came not "by the,  will of man, but holy men of God spake as they were moved by, the Holy Ghost." To make that character, or the record of it, a " merely natural " thing, as the Boston Monday lectureship distinctly does, robs Jesus Christ of his divinity, destroys the gospel of salvation, and turns the record of it into a myth. Placing all of this on the level of the Merely natural; does distinctly place it on a level with all the natural religions that have ever been, and so-makes it essentially pagan. For the sate of the case, we present another -extract in the same line as the above, more fully to show that such is intentionally the ethics of the Boston Monday lectureship, and that such is the deduction that was intentionally reached in the lecture under consideration. The lecture closed with these words:Š "In Christ, the highest ethical reality known to es-' tablished and incontrovertible history, there is the highest self-revelation of God. That revelation, so .far forth as Christ is man, is a part of natural morals. Any system of instruction winch shuts its eyes to this fact, shuts its eyes to reality, A book on archi-tecture that should not mention the Parthenon, or one on painting that should say nothing 'of the Sis- tine Chapel, would be no'more defective than is any book on purely natural morals without a definite ac-count of the highest historical reality in Morals=the character of Christ as a man- and the ethics of the gospel. Natural morals, if taught thoroughly, teach, of course, the highest attained moral ideas. The character of Christ, as exhibiting the highest ideal of morals actually attained among men, is the supreme illustration, and contains the organizing principles of every scheme of natural morals that can be called thorough or scientific. No adequate picture of that character exists except in the New Testament. Nat-ural morals, therefore, cannot be thoroughly taught when the Bible is excluded frOm the schools; and hence the State, in the exercise of its right of self-preservation, has authority to require that it shall not be so excluded. (Applause.)" That is but to say that the highest ethical reality known to established and incontrovertible history is a purely natural one. It is to say that. the character of Christ, as a man, and the ethics of the gospels, are as purely natural as was the Parthenon, or as are the paintings in the Sistine Chapel. It says that the highest attained moral ideas are but purely natural ones. _Hence the State as the Ł highest natural organization of men must adopt, inculcate, and enforce, a system of purely natural morals as the highest ideal, and this it must do wholly in the exercise of its right of self-preservation. And this is only another form of expressing the highest ideal of paganism Š"the idea that the State is -the highest ideal of ethics. And such is the highest ideal. of ethics at-tained in the Boston Monday lectureship. There-fore, the ethics of the Boston Monday lecture-ship is essentially pagan. And that is the idea, and such the ideal, to which it is proposed to pledge the American sys-tem of government by constitutional amendment establishing religion in the public schools. Are the American people ready to declare their gov-ernment pagan, as the Boston' `Monday lecture-ship has declared itself? Are the American people ready to indorse by their votes the Boston Monday paganism, as did that " immense audi-ence" at Tremont 'Temple, February 11, 1889, by its repeated and "loud applause"? A. T. J. Ł  Baptists and Religious Liberty. WE: can but wish that 'the following words by Rev. J. Herndon Garnett, editor of the Herald of Truth, the leading Baptist paper of this coast, were true of all Baptists. In the Herald of October 9 Mr. Garnett says := "Americans are constantly tempted to forget their birthright, religious liberty. Upon one pretext or other, there are good people ever and anon arising who tell us of some legislation which, .Should be effected to operate in favor of religion.  this to them is ample cause for action. The Jesuitikpolicy, " The end justifies the means," is wonderfully htiman. These misguided, but well-naeaningvople, appeal,  to Christian voters and patriots along the religious line, and think thereby to touch the most powerful sentiment, and arouse to action the conscience of Christendom. Just here eternal vigilance and wide-awake discrimination are all-important. The end here must never justify the means. There is to us no end possible to be reached by legislative enactment, which would be worth the surrender of this American, Christ-given principle of religious freedom. This is a boon which was bought with blood, on whose early cradle the ashes of our Christian ancestors fell, and Ł whose birth-throes were the beginning of the freest and grandest government which the world has yet seen. " Baptists; peculiarly, love to remember that the seed of this principle in the soil of the Old World and the New was Watered with the blood, and suffered the cruel imprisonment, of some of their best and bravest sires. They cannot forget this. Neither can they  forget the eternal oath which they have taken that the liberty wherein they stand must to the end of time be guaranteed to every member of the human race, as far-as in them lies, and so help them God. " With this freedom come many perils, dangers which would be largely averted in a sterner govern-mental structure. All liberty has its dangers. The liberty to walk given to the child is the liability to fall. The danger to the captive set free is that he may fall into more galling chains. But because of the perils of freedom, we do not lose our love for liberty." The writer might have added, "Nor is liberty the less necessary to development because of the perils which necessarily accompany it." The proper office of civil government is to protect the rights of all; to this end it' forbids those acts which trench upon the rights of others, not be-cause such acts are immoral, but because they are uncivil, Their Object. TirE following paragraph is from a paper on The American Sabbath," read at the Ocean Grove Convention, August 9, by Dr. Robert S. Doherty, formerly. assistant editor of the New York Christian .Advocate. He said:Š " The Sunday newspaper, as published in our chief cities, is a peculiarly American institution. It could not be supported by its foreign patronage, nor, for that matter, without-  Christian patronage. It is di-rectly hostile, to the Sabbath. Now the most serious aspect of this Sunday paper business is not so much the fact that a few journeymen printers are engaged after midnight on Saturday, or that the fast train car-ries the edition with great speed, and with more or less disturbance, out into the remote parts of the country. The chief mischief is done in the reading of the paper. For this there is no excuse. For the harm which comes from it, the reader is himself re-sponsible." In this 'short paragraph we have again re-vealed to us the real object of Sunday laws,Šthey are not so much for the purpose of prohib-iting all labor on the first day of the week, as for the purpose of inducing men to go to church by cutting off all other means of spending the day. From this and similar utterances, we are warranted in the conclusion that if all the people would faithfully attend church every Sunday there would not be so much objection raised to the work which is done outside of church hours. This is not an isolated,  utterance. Everyone who fights the Sunday newspaper makes the same statement. When told that more work is done on Sunday in preparing the Monday paper than in preparing the Sunday morning edition, they say that the Sunday work that is done by the newspaper employes -is not the evil against which they strike; but that what they are, con-cerned about is the fact that the newspapers keep people away from the church and destroy the ef-fect of the sermon on those who do go. Thus they show that they are working not so much in the interest- of Sunday rest as in the interest of the pulpit. = We wish to emphasize this point until our readers see that this Sunday movement is nothing more nor less than an effort on the part of the churches to have the State legislate in, their be-half. But this is not all that is shown ; the para-graph just quoted shows the seemingly utter in-ability of the advocates of -Sunday laws to com-prehend the fact that the State does not possess the same power that- the Spirit of God does. They want the State to pass laws to suppress a thing the evil of which, they themselves confess, rests_ solely with the individual. It is not a pub-lic nuisanceŠnot something which, like the sa- 