42 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "THE vast property of the Augustinians in the Phil-ippine Islands, and the stand taken against them by the natives," says a writer in the Washington Post, "will require in the adjustment that must come the most silken gloved diplomacy on the part of church and state." This view is quite consistent with the idea that the "vast property" which the Augustinians have takenfrom the natives shall be retained by the church intact, and no part of it surrendered to the rightful owners. That this shall be so, is a matter to which Rome is now giving earnest attention. The "prior general" of the Augustin-ians, Dr. Rodriguez, it is stated, "is expected to come to the United States to help in the rescue of his order so perilously situated in our new Asiatic possessions." And the attitude of the administration is such that there is little doubt that the order and all its "property" will be "rescued," if the force of American authority can suffice for that purpose. Ł Is it any wonder that when the American Govern-ment sends a papal priest to the Filipinos and manifests an intention to perpetuate the religious institutions of which the Filipinos so much desire to be rid, the latter should not take kindly to American domination? - 4. The Real Purpose of a "Protectorate." "Chicago Times-Herald." ENGLAND went into the Sudan ostensibly as the friend of Egypt. She opposed French claims with ancient Egyptian rights which were supposed to extend indefi-nitely in almost all directions. Now she places that fa-mous Egyptian, Lord Kitchener, of Omdurman, in con-trol of the territory which he so recently conquered. "For the future," said Lord Cromer, in addressing a con-vocation of Sudanese sheikhs, "you will be governed by the queen and the khedive. The sole representative in the Sudan of the two governments will be the sirdar, in whom both the queen and the khedive have the fullest confidence. No attempt will be made to govern the country from Cairo, still less from London." We imagine, however, that London will be heard from occasionally. England is in fact getting ready to throw off the mask, and this speech is, as the London Times declares, the assertion of British sovereign rights, and means the establishment of a protectorate. The Egyptian and his pretensions have been a sham all along for use against other European powers, and, having served their p,urpose, they are relegated to the back-ground. THE papal prelates who claim that this is a Catholic Christian nation would do well to remember that there is a law of Congress in existence which forbids the lottery business, and see that this law is repealed or so amended as to represent Catholic sentiment upon that point. In  support of this we quote the following from the Chicago Times-Herald:Š "ST. Louis, January 3.ŠRev. C. F. Lavery, pastor of the Roman Catholic church at Macon City, Mo., returned from Chicago this morning, whither he had gone in the interest of his niece, Miss O'Connell, who, with Dr. P. T. Cunningham of this city, drew a $3,750 prize in a lottery said to be run by J. T. Brady, whose office is at Dearborn and Monroe Streets, Chicago. "Miss O'Connell and Dr. Cunningham paid 25 cents for ticket No. 33,477, and this, they claim, won a $3,750 prize. They experienced trouble in collecting the money, and Father Lavery went to Chicago to make a demand for the cash. He met Brady and his assistant, Dr. Hig-gins, he says, but was refused payment in full. He says they wanted to pay $1,500 on the ticket and call it square. Father Lavery refused to accept this. "Quite a number of St. Louis people have been buy-ing this company's tickets, and several others besides Miss O'Connell and Dr. Cunningham won part of the $15,000 prize, and they say they cannot collect the money. They have no legal recourse, but threaten to make it hot otherwise for the lottery people if matters are not satisfactorily settled." THE Creator endowed all individuals with "certain unalienable rights," because he knew that men would not be disposed to deem their fellowmen worthy of equal privileges with themselves. Filipinos as American Citizens. By Senator George F. Edmunds. ALL the people of these islands who were the subjects of Spain will become citizens of the United States by the mere act of cession unless the treaty of cession should provide that those who wished could remain subjects of Spain and aliens as to the United States, This has been a necessary rule of international law for hundreds of years; and the rule is founded upon the obvious fact that the people of every country, or of any part of it, must owe allegiance to and be subject to the government of some sovereign power, be it a tribe, or emperor, or king, or republic, and must, unless they are slaves or serfs, have the rights of such. But a republic can have no subjects. Its people must be either citizens, slaves, or aliens. If aliens they are the subjects or citizens of some other power which is bound to protect them. The trans-fer, therefore, of the sovereignty of Spain over the Philip-pines to the United States makes all her subjects at once citizens of the United States. If citizens of the United States, they have all the rights that belong to other citizens in the territories, whether on the mainland or on islands of the sea. Neither geography nor distance has anything to do with it. 