166 AMERICAN SENTINEL. tion questions, viz: Civil Government, Geography and Physiology, unanswered by me at this examination of December 15th and 16th, 1899, fol. the purpose of' answering them. Yours repectfully, LOYD J. CALDWELL. OFFICE OF COUNTY SUPERINTENDENT OF SCHOOLS. Denver, Colo., December 16, 1899, 5:50 P. M. MR. LOYD J. CALDWELL.ŠDear Sir: The questions for which you have made the above demand will be tendered to you together with all the other questions used at said examination in the same manner and for the same reason as to the other applicants, after you have retired from said examinationŠthe purpose for which they are to be used by you being unknown to me. Very respectfully, WARREN E. KNAPP. County Superintendent of Schools , for Arapaho Co., Colo. 3. Now your petitionerclaims to have fulfilled both the law requiring Friday and the rule requiring Satur-day examination, doing all he could in good conscience to conform to usual custom. But God's law says: "The seventh day is the Sab-bath of the Lord thy God. In it thou shalt not do any work." Ex. 20:10. "And God blessed the seventh day and sanctified it, because that in it he had rested from all his work." Gen. 2:3: "From even unto even shall ye celebrate your Sabbaths." Lev. 23:32. When one is refused a teachers' certificate because he will 'not disobey God and violate his religion by taking examination on the seventh 'day then both the constitution and statute of Colorado are violated, as extracts appended will show:Š CONSTITUTION OF COLORADO, ACT II, SEC. 4. "That the free exercise and enjoyment of religious profession and worship without discrimination shall for-ever hereafter be guaranteed: and no person shall be denied any civil or political right, privilege or capacity on account of his opinions concerning religionŠnor shall any preference be given by law to any religious denomi-nation or mode of worship." Art. IX, Sec. 8, of the constitution provides:Š "No religious test or qualification shall ever be re-quired of any person as a condition of admission into any public educational institution of the State, either as teacher or pupil." SCHOOL LAW OF COLORADO, SEC. 15, (Law of Mar. 20, 1877.) " On the third Friday in August, December and March in each year, he [the County Superintendent of Schools] shall examine all such applicants in ortho-graphy, reading, writing, arithmetic, English grammar, geography, history, and Constitution of U. S., civil government, physiology, natural science, theory and practise of teachings and school law of the State. II satisfied of the competency' to teach and of the good  moral character of the applicant . . . he shall give such applicant a certificate." 4. That there is discrimination and preference shown toward the keeper of the first day or Sunday in that that day is not employed or required for examination. That this is a point of religion would be quickly shown if a rule were made that all applicants must be exam-ined on Sunday or must teach on Sunday. Is it right to stretch Friday over to 5:50 P. xt. Saturday to ac-commodate some and, to refuse a few additional minutes to another whose religion forbade certain earlier min-utes of same day? Is it legal to require Saturday ex-aminations at all? 5. Christ drew the line between civil and religious duties when he said, "Render therefore unto Caesar [the state] the things which are Caesar's [civil duties]; and unto God the things that are God's [religious duties]." Matt. 22:21. The apostles said "We ought to obey God rather than men." Acts 5:29. The Sabbath, like baptism and the Lord's supper, is wholly God's; and no civil law or officer has aught of right to do with them more than to keep out of their way. God can and will collect his own, and condemn all who stand in the way. - Obedience is the, highest form of worship. To con-dition a civil right (as to teach public school) on la religious disobedience (as of violating the seventh-day Sabbath) is high trea3on both to God and the consti-tution. In closing, your petitioner begs to say that he be-lieves the rule requiring Saturday examination was made to accommodate and not to debar any:-  and that Supt. Knapp decided as he did because of technical ad-herence to said rule, and not from personal motives. Respectfully yours, LOYD J. CALDWELL. Denver, Colo., Dec. 20, 1899. THE bill [to erect a tariff barrier between Porto Rico and the United States] violates the Constitution. It imposes upon the Porto Ricans the tyranny of taxa-tion without representation against which our fore-fathers rebelled. It violates the promise of General Miles to the inhabitants, never disavowed by our Gov-ernment, that "Porto Rico under the American flag w,111 enjoy the same privileges and the same immunities as the citizens of the different States and Territories of the Union." It makes of Porto Rico a "crown colony" in-stead of an American Territory.ŠN. Y. World. "Fon the first time in the history of this Republlfr. a people has been fighting for home and freedom, and the American Congress has not passed a resolution of sym-pathy and encouragement.. What does this mean? What does it signify as to the spirit of those who now control the national Government." 