SENTINEL OF, LIBERTY. 615 Christian. There is no such thing as legal Chris-tianity with God. The only service that he asks or can accept. is a willing service. The wrath of man can never work the righteousness of God. ti  COMMON SENSE ON THE SUBJECT OF SABBATH ENFORCEMENT. Plain Words Spoken 'by a Canadian Journal. From " Saturday Night," Toronto, Ont. THAT good Presbyterian newspaper, the West-.minster, is exceedingly and, I am afraid, unduly con-cerned with regard to the continued existence of the Sabbath day in Canada. Last week, in an article enquiring " Is the Sabbath Worth Saving?," it says: " It (the Sabbath) is beset behind and before, under-mined and honeycombed by secularizing forces working for its complete destruction. If no stand is made, deliberate, unabashed, and unyielding, the day of rest will be transformed within this genera-tion to a day of pleasure and toil. Let there be no mistake about this thing. We raise no alarmist cry. It is not a question of Sunday cars in Toronto or Hamilton. It is not a local affair at all. It is at bottom a question involving every industry and every community. Mills, factories, and shops in every county of Ontario, as well as electric cars in every town, and concerts and games at every resort, may, within a decade, demand the services of work-men and attendants if the friends of a rest day for toilers and a worship day for the devout are not vigilant, determined, and strong. . . . Toronto seems of late to be set upon-destroying its world-wide reputation for Sabbath quiet. The traffic in soft drinks in the city, the lawlessness on the Island and the general demoralization of the parks and gardens are significant signs of the changed condi-tions." I wonder where the editor of the Westminster has been spending his Sundays, for if he has witnessed these evidences of degeneracy he has been frequent-ing places which the ordinary citizen of Toronto either avoids-  or has not seen. If we hunt for " tough joints " we can find them in Toronto or in any other good-sized town, both on Sundays and week days, and it has -always been so, and probably until the end of the chapter it will not be different. It may Ł be true that the Sabbath is an institution that is badly " beset by secularizing forces," as the West-minster describes, but are not the 'churches in the same Predicament? - Are they not assailed "behind  and before, undermined and honeycombed,by secu-larizing forces," and are they not working as swiftly and certainly for their own destruction as -for the de-struction of the Sabbath day itself? Is it, not be-cause of the, weakened influence and worth of the churches that the people are seeking in the parks and waterside resorts the rest and enjoyment which life is not unreasonably expected by'the average human beings to have in, store for them? We can _ not expect any but the most devout or the most superstitious to continually go,to church and ask for bread and be given a stone. The intellectual are disappointed because they so Often find in the pul-pit neither zeal, eloquence, nor thoughtfulness, some-times not even piety. The weary are becoming tired of putting on their best clothes and walking through the hot sun to hear students preach while the pastor is away to play. The poor shrink from the doors of the fashionable edifices and are almost surprised when they enter that they are not ejected from the soft cushions of the pews. They look at the raiment of those arrayed in purple and fine linen with eyes of envy, or turn, shamefaced, from the critical gaze of those who stare at their worn and faded garments. Those who want peace, naturally enough weary while listening to dogma, denunciation, and platitudes about divine love, which find no counterpart in the lives Of those among whom they sit. We hear the Protestants berating the Catholics, and unfortunately sometimes we hear the Catholics endeavoring to prove that there is only one gate into heaven, and that Peter is there to keep out all- but those whose souls have been shrived by priests on earth. They take away from these edifices, dedicated to God, no sound which lasts so long in 'their ears as the jingle of the coins _in the collection-box, and there, is no cry which they remember so well as the appeal to them to give, give, give. They hear more about' the mortgage on -the church, the debt, the interest ac- count, foreign missions, horne missions, and .enter-tainments at so much per head ehan they do about the love of Christ, and more pains are taken to show them how they can spare a little more of their stipend than how they can save their souls. - It is not so much the secularizing 'influences' of those_who, for profit, desire to lead people to parks and pleasure resorts, as the- secularizing influences within the church itself, which threaten to destroy the devotional character of the first day-of the week. Going to church has become more or less of a busi- 