412 AMERICAN SENTINEL. subjects. of Christ's kingdom are about to be made up, there should be a renewed effort to make men trust more fully in the delusion that his kingdom is to be of this world. But of how much value to God or man would the righteousness be, that is the result of law?" "Mama, they said the Bible said that there was to be a millennium on earth, and that nations would beat their swords into plowshares, and their spears into pruning hooks." "No, Charlie; the Bible says that the nations will say that they will do this. But saying and doing are two different things. Suppose we turn and read the passage referred to in Micah 4:2, 3. Charlie read, " 'And many nations shall come and say, Come, let us go up to the mountain of the Lord, and to the house of the God of Jacob; and he will teach us his ways, and we will walk in his paths; for the law shall go forth of Zion, and the word of the Lord from Jerusalem, and he shall judge among many people, and rebuke strong nations afar off; and they shall beat their swords into plowshares, and their spears into pruning hooks: nation shall not lift up sword against nation, neither shall they learn war any more."' "Now read the first four words of the first verse to answer the question, when will many nations be talking like this." " 'In the last days,'" read Charlie. "Timothy says, 'In the last days perilous times shall come,' that men will be 'lovers of their own selves,' and that even in the church there will be 'a form of godliness' without the 'power thereof."' "Why is it, mama, that people believe the world is growing better?" "It is because they are deceived by appearances. The whole world is running into sentimental delusion. In the time just before the French Revolution, the people at Paris were under the same impression. Because they could weep over the sorrows and trials of the hero of a novel or drama, they reckoned themselves sympathetic and noble; but they were content with emotional noble-ness, as it seemed, and never gave it a practical outlet. The poor who were ground down on their country estates, felt the outrage of this kind of goodness, and hurried their tender-hearted oppressors to the guillotine and gallows." "What a delusion that is!" said Charlie. "And it is one that is easy to fall into." "So it is. While the church will profess to be more religious than ever before, it will depart more fully from God's word. We can see to day how 'higher criticism' so called, has presumed to throw aside God's word; how in-fidelity is preached from professedly Christian pulpits; how the church, that has long been wooing the world, now comes to lean on the arm of human law for the en-forcement of religious observances. While professing to trust in God, she denies it by her dependence upon the state. The same inconsistency is in the world. While nations say they will not learn war any more, they 'pre- pare for war, and wake up their mighty men.' While they talk of arbitration, they send forth armies. While they prate of brotherhood, they reduce the poor and grind down the weak. While their wickedness brings its own result,Šfamine, pestilence and perplexityŠthey charge these evils upon those who obey God. The plea has-already been urged that Sunday observance must be en-forced by law, because the Bible says that judgments will fall on those who fail to observe the Sabbath, and those who have presented this plea for Sunday enforcement, know that the Sabbath is the seventh and not the first day of the week." "Mama, how do you account for these inconsisten-cies?" asked Charlie. "It seems as if they were losing their minds." "There is a verse that accounts for it. It is the One that says, 'The devil hath come down unto you having great wrath, because he knoweth that he hath but a short time.' Falsehood is always inconsistent. Those who choose to be deceived will have strong delusion, that they may believe a lie. One of the most pleasing delusions is the delusion of a temporal millennium. It is the siren's song of this century. Bellamy's 'Looking Backward' was a dream of a millennium that has taken hold of the popular desire. In that book he pictures the world under the working of what would seem righteous laws, aided by invention, education, religion and brotherhood. "Men are chasing up this delightful delusion, while Infinite Love points them to the New Jerusalem, to the coming of the King of kings, and urges souls to prepare for 'him whose coming is after the working of Satan with all power and signs and lying wonders;' for when they shall say 'peace and safety, then sudden destruction cometh upon them.' Satan will keep up his idea of an opposition kingdom to the bitter end." F. B. FOR three centuries after the beginning of the "ChrisŁ tian era," Christians refused to enter military service, because they regarded such an occupation as contrary to the spirit and teachings of their Master. 1A-Ł -4 A THE American Bible Society, after an interval of sixty years, has obtained a footing once more in Ecuador for Bible work. Sixty years ago its agent was banished by the Government at the request of the bishop of Quito. Repeated efforts have been made since that time to renew the work, but in vain. Eleven years ago a ton of Bibles was barred out because the ecclesiastical authorities were not willing to have them circulated without accompany-ing notes. Under the new political regime in Ecuador the Bible Society is again at work. There is at present a large measure of liberty. The agent of the Society, Senor Antay, a Peruvian, recently had access to President Al-faro, who became much interested and bought a Bible for himself, paying $7.50 in currency for it. It is hoped that by legislative enactment the Scriptures may be made en-tirely free from import duty. The difficulties the agent 