AMERICAN SENTINEL. 61 name was Louis II., and he was called the Stammerer. He reigned only two years, and was folloiVed by his three sons, who succeeded each other. These were: Louis III., Carloman, and Charles the Simple." "Humph! I'd hate to go down to posterity with such a name as that hanging to me!" exclaimed Bob Billings. "Seems as if a fellow couldn't have been very smart to get such a title as that." "Don't you think there are a few Charles the Simples, nowadays?" asked the professor. "Why, what did he do?" asked Rob. "He was very weak minded, and among other things he did, he gave his daughter to Rollo, the heathen North-man leader. The foolish king also gave him a part of France, which they then named Normandy, if he would consent to become a Christian." "Was he really converted?" asked Julia March, hope-fully. "I am not at all sure of that, though historians call him a wise and just ruler. But Charles the Simple thought if he only went by the name of Christian, it was all that would be needed." "Isn't that the way nowadays with those folks who think if they have their name on the church book, it is enough?" asked Harry Ray. "Yes, and so we see that there are a great many Charles the Simples yet. Now, as our few minutes are up, you may go home; but take with you this one more fact: that this heathen Rollo was great great grandfather of William the Norman, who conquered England." MRS. L. D. AVERY-STUTTLE. Next Week's "Sentinel." WE are informed that the controversy which was raised in Colorado by the "Flag Salute" in the public schools is still "on," the Boulder school authorities hav-ing decided that any pupil who refuses to give the salute shall be suspended. A decision in the matter is looked for from the State superintendent of public instruction. Our next issue will treat upon a subject which is kin-dred to the flag salute, relating to a situation which de-veloped some time since in a village school in Pennsyl-vania. It will be a "special" for that State, but will be suitable for use in every state, for as we are learning more and more from our correspondents, the situation is es-sentially the same all through the country. Look out for it. To the Friends of Ship Missionary Work. BY a fire which occurred at one of the Brooklyn docks on the night of the 20th, the New York harbor mission boat "Sentinel" was damaged to anextent which will necessitate the expenditure of a considerable sum of money in repairs, before the vessel can be of further use. The boat was not insured. The "Sentinel" is devoted entirely to the work of dis- tributing gospel literature among the sailors and others on the ships entering the harbors of Greater New York, and is the only vessel so engaged at the present time. Any who would consider it a privilege to aid in work of this nature, are invited to forward donations to Mis-sion Boat "Sentinel," 39 Bond St., New York City. A Card. To all interested in carrying thegospel ofJesus Christ to the inhabitants of other lands and who desire to assist in supporting missionaries already placed and others who may engage in the work, the opportunity is given to make an offering to the Foreign Mission Board of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination. Such donations should be sent to W. H. Edwards, the Treasurer of the Board, 1730 North Fifteenth Street, Philadelphia, Pa. Illustrating the Travels of Paul. Very useful for Sabbath Schools Especially when studying the Book of Acts. Clear and plain. Size 52x71 inches. Printed on cloth. Regular price, $5. We will send it to any address Postpaid for $4. Order now and get the benefit of a splendid help in the Sabbath School or family. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 39 Bond St., New York. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. AMERICAN SENTINEL, Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in principle. ORGAN OF THE International Religious liberty Assoeintion. Published Weekly by Puffin Press Publishing Co. Single Copy, Per Year, - $1.00. Six months, .50 Three " .25 ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, ' 39 Bond Street, New York. ~IAP 