AMERICAN SENTINEL. 451 nsecration which he has received from the Sovereign ?ontiff, the head of the universal church. "Q. What ought we to think of those who should be wanting in their duty towards our emperor? "A. According to the holy Apostle Paul, they would be resisting the order established by God himself; they would be rendering themselves worthy of eternal dam-nation." This catechism was highly approved at the'time by the papacy, whose legate in France recommended its use in all the dioceses. The "Christian citizenship" of that day failed. What will be the result to-day? In that day it professed to be following the dictates of Scripture, as it does to-day. And it cannot be denied that the principle of being in sub-jection to "the powers that be" applied as well in France a hundred years ago as it does in America to-day. That Napoleon was a wicked man and a despot, has no bear-ing upon the principle. The kind of subjection of which the Apostle Paul wrote in the thirteenth.of Romans, is as proper under one government as under another. It did not mean that Christianity should be in subjection to the State, or joined with the State. It did not mean that "every soul" has two masters, of which the State is one, in the sphere of morality. And what it did not mean then, it does not mean now. Christian citizenship is heavenly citizenship. It is a high privilege, much higher than any earthly government can grant, which is extended to men by the King of the Universe. It is a birthright privilege, obtained by being "born again," of water and of the Spirit. It is the priv-ilege only of the sons and daughters of God. I. Ł Applying the Sunday Law in New Hampshire. THE endeavor to make an individual or class of the people conform by law to some other individuals' stand-ard of righteousness, naturally provokes retaliation, Instead of making for righteousness and peace, it pro-duces exactly the opposite. This is illustrated by the effort to enforce the Sunday law in Somersworth, N. H. A restaurant keeper is retal-iating upon the mayor (who is proprietor of a livery) for having enforced the law upon the restaurants, and now a lawyer of the town, says the Boston Globe, of July 10, has raised the question whether the business of running the church is to be made an exception to a law which for-bids all unnecessary work and noise on the first day of the week. This lawyer has, says the Globe, notified Mar-shal Heaton that he must stop the unnecessary and ex-cessive ringing on Sunday of the Methodist Church bell, near his residence. There can be no reason why the law should not apply as well to the church business as to any other, if it be, as said, a purely civil regulation. THE Golden Rule, of June 17, states with reference to the Sunday observance feature of the Christian Endeavor  convention, that "California is in especial need of all the help Christian people can give in the maintenance of the Lord's day, because in that State especially the sabbath is rapidly becoming a holiday rather than a holy day, since there is no sabbath law there." Does not California have God's Sabbath law,Šthe fourth commandment,Šthe same as' in other States? And is a law of the State so much higher than God's law that it can make the day of rest a holy day, while the law of God can but make it a holiday? Is there less force in God's law than in man's law? Has an act of the legis-lature any power to produce holiness? These questions answer themselves. " Hoist By His Own Petard." UNDER this heading the Lowell (Mass.) Mail, of July 10, prints the following:-- "SOMERSWORTH, N. H., July 9.ŠMayor B. F. Hanson, of this city, who is the proprietor of a livery stable, was arraigned in the police court this morning on complaint of Louis Jacques, for an alleged violation of the Sunday law. It appeared from the evidence presented in the case that horses had been cleaned, carriages washed, and teams let on Sunday, for which money was also received, on the sabbath. "The mayor pleaded not guilty and stated that the teams which were taken out on Sunday were engaged on a week day. He also claimed that the prosecution was brought against him through spite. The court found the mayor guilty and imposed a fine of $5 and costs. Mayor Hanson appealed. "The prosecution is the alleged result of Mayor Han-son's action in closing soda water and confectionery stores and restaurants on Sunday, in an endeavor to en-force the laws governing sabbath breaking. "Jacques has been fined twice within the past month in the police court for keeping open on Sunday, and Jacques states decidedly that he will not permit the mayor to run his livery stable on Sunday if he has to close." Politics and Religion. IN 1891 the Methodist Conference held in Des Moines, Iowa, censured the government of that State because cer_ tain laws were not more stringently executed. In a sub- sequent speech the governor alluded to this censure, and in course of his remarks uttered this sentiment, which seems more and more like a true prophecy as time passes:Š "I think I can safely say that, so far as worldly people are concerned, they do not believe that our politics and religion can be mixed without converting the entire mix-ture into politics alone in a very short time. I want to say further that those who attempt to do this will sooner or later learn that their churches have become political instead of religious organizations, and that they must thereafter be content to wield such influences over the consciences of men as other political organizations are able to do, and no greater or better."ŠSigns of the Times. 