MARCH 23, 18f43. AIMME_L-LIICA.IST dWrININEALio 91 to death as an enemy of the State; the apostles were denounced and persecuted as disturbers of the peace; Jews and Prot-estants in Russia have their liberties re-stricted because they propagate doctrines which the authorities consider subversive of morals and of good order, and tending to weaken the government; and in this country it is urged that the same thing should be done for the very same reasons; indeed, the same principle does prevail to a greater or less extent, especially in our Sunday legislation. In Tennessee and some other States, " otherwise good cit-izens" are fined, imprisoned, and worked in the chain-gang, for daring to dissent, practically, from the prevailing religionŠand this on the plea that their example is prejudicial to good morals! and their acts against the peace and dignity of the State!! Surely we are not so very far ahead of our neighbors for even of the ancients after all! If times do change, people do not 'change with them to the extent of abandoning the supposed right of the majority or of the rulers to cram their religion, or at least, a portion of it, down the throats of the minority, or of their subjects. No considerable part of the race has yet developed sufficient moral power to yield complete obedience to the acme of all social law: "All things what-soever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them." c. P. B. The Final Record of the First Religious Congress of the United States. THE Congressional Record containing the proceedings of the House of Repre-sentatives for March 3, has the following in reference to the Sunday closing of the World's Fair. The amendment which Mr. O'Neil here gave notice that he would offer did not come before the House from the fact that the pending amendment to which he proposed to attach it was itself lost, leaving no opportunity to present the Sunday opening to the House for its vote. The House therefore did not recede from its previous position, and the Congress of the United States has assumed dictator-ship in religion and closed the World's Fair Sunday, the first day of the week, on its interpretation of the divine law. The Congressional Record reads:Š SUNDRY CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL. MR. O'NEIL, of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker MR. POWERS. ŠWill the gentleman from Illinoia in charge of this bill yield for a question ? MR. DURBOROW. ŠCertainly. MR, POWERS ŠI desire to ask the gentleman from Illinois if it is proposed by the friends of this appropriation to repeal the laws, now in existence, closing the gates of that Exposition on Sunday ? MR. DURBOROW. ŠThat, I will state to the gentle-man, is not a matter which the friends of this cor-poration have anything whatever to do with. It is a matter for Congress to deal with as it sees proper. MR. DOCKERY. ŠI hope the gentlemen will an-swer that question fairly. MR. POWERS. ŠI desire an affirmative answer to that question, for my vote on this proposition de-pends on that answer. MR. DURBOROW, ŠI decline to yield to the gentle-man. MR. O'NEIL, of Massachusetts.ŠI would like to answer the question if the gentleman from Illinois would yield to me. Ma. DURBOROW. ŠI will yield to the gentleman from Massachusetts for five minutes. MR. POWERS.ŠI desire a distinct answer, if the gentleman pleases. MR. O'NEIL, of Massachusetts.ŠI will answer the question of the gentleman from Vermont, that if I have an opportunity I propose to offer an amend-ment to one of these propositions opening the gates of the Fair on Sunday. SEVERAL MEMBERS.ŠThat is right. MR. PICKLER. ŠAnd we will vote it down. MR. MORSE.ŠThe legislature of your own State  of Massachusetts has unanimously resolved against Sunday opening. MR. O'NEIL, of Massachusetts.ŠAnd Mr. Speaker, I desire to have the amendment read which I pro- pose to offer at the proper time. THE SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Richardson).ŠIt will be read for information. THE CLERK read as follows:Š After the word " section," in line 19, on page 44, insert: " Provided, That regulations shall be made by the proper authorities of said World's Columbian Exposition with a view to closing to the public on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, the general business of said world's Columbian Exposition, in the sense that all merchandising. unnecessary labor, and machinery shall on that day cease and be stopped. But it may be lawful for the legally constituted authorities to open the gates of Jackson Park, in the City of Chicago, in the State of Illinois. and also the educational hall and horticultural hall and the art galleries of the World's Columbian Exposition located within the confines of said Jackson Park, to the pub-lic on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday." MR. O'NEIL, of Massachusetts. I only had this read, Mr. Speaker, for information. THE SPEAKER pro tempore.ŠThe Chair so under- stands. MR PICKLER.ŠI would like to ask the gentleman from Massachusetts whether he proposes to charge for admission on Sunday ? MR. O'NEIL, of Massachusetts.ŠI have nothing to do with that. MR, PICKLER. ŠYou have offered the amend-ment; you ought to specify whether you do or not. MR. O'NEIL, of Massachusetts.ŠIf the gentleman will let me have the floor for a little while I will be very much obliged. THE SPEAKER pro tempore.ŠThe gentleman from Massachusetts declines to be interrupted. MR. O'NEIL, of Massachusetts--Mr. Speaker, I have been told that if this amendment be offered it will kill all of the appropriations asked for this Fair. MR. POWERS ŠEvery single one. MR. O'NEIL, of Massachusetts.ŠI do not care if it does. I am in favor of having this Fair opened so that the working people of Chicago and the world, who visit that city, shall have a chance to get within the gates and have some opportunity of seeing the Exposition on that day. MR. MORSE. ŠThey have petitioned against it. MR. O'NEIL, of Massachusetts.ŠI do not want to be interrupted by my colleague. MR. MORSE. ŠBut you misrepresent the State of Massachusetts on the subject of Sunday opening. Ma. O'NEIL, of Massachusetts.ŠMr. Speaker, I repeat I do not want to be interrupted by any col-league of mine, especially when he states that I misrepresent the people of my State. MR. MORSE ŠI say you do on this question. You may represent South Boston. but not Massachu-setts on the question of Sunday opening. MR. O'NEIL, of Massachusetts.ŠI say that when I advocate this I am representing the best thought and best sentiment of my State of Massachusetts, my native State, and it is not the native State of my colleague [Mr. Morse]. [Applause.] Why. Mr. Speaker, this is but the same old fight over and over again,. when the mossbacks, who would pre-vent progress in this country, seek to retard every advance demanded by the people. You who live in the rural districts perhaps view this subject from a very different standpoint from what we who live in large cities view it. As this law stands to-day, you have closed up one of the great parks in the city of Chicago. If you will come with me to my cityŠand I represent that city, and when I say if you will come I will see that you are properly cared for, I mean itŠI will show you there a system of parks upon which the city of Boston has expended ten millions of dol-lars; and if you will go there with me on a pleasant Sunday, you will find twenty and thirty thousand of the common people of the city seeking an outing and a breath of fresh air which they could not get before the establishment of those parks. THE SPEAKER pro tempore.ŠThe time of the gen- tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. O'Neil] has ex- pired. MR. DURBOROW. ŠI yield to the gentleman five minutes more. MR. O'NEIL, of Massachusetts.ŠWhy, sir, when we tried for years to have our public library in that city opened as a reading room on Sunday, we were met by the same cry of a desecration of the Sab-bath, and the protest of many of the religious peo-ple of that city; but now that it has been opened for years, you could not find a religious denomina- tion calling for its close. We have our museum opened to the public on Sunday, and we had more people visiting that place on Sunday than on all the other days of the week put together. I want those who live in the rural districts to remember what I say, that the people who are hived up in tenement houses ought to have some place to go on a Sunday. You complain about the crowding of your tenement houses. You complain about corner loafing. This thing is asked in order to do away with that, and the his-tory of the city of Boston has proved that it does away with it. These people must get air and must leave the rooms in which they sleep and live. When we ask you to give them a chance for an outing in the green fields, when we ask you to give them a chance to visit art galleries and educational institutions, when we ask you to modify this Sun-day law in relation to the Worlds Fair, we are ap-pealing to you in the interests of the working peo-ple, in the interest of education, aye, and I say in the interest of religion and morality, too. MR PICKLER. ŠWill the gentleman allow a ques-tion MR. O'NETL, of Massachusetts.ŠWill you let me alone ? Let somebody alone if you can. THE SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Massachusetts declines to be interrupted. MR. O'NEIL, of Massachusetts.ŠNow, Mr. Speaker, as I say, this House has been flooded with petitions from the working people of the country. You have been.told by the president of the Federa-tion of Labor that when the Centennial Exposi-tion was held in Philadelphia, hundreds of thou-sands of working people, who could not spare a day during the week to visit that great educational in-stitution, were unable to attend it at all. Now, we ask that the same thing may not be repeated at Chicago. We ask that the people who are obliged to work six days in the week may have one day in the week when they can see the sights that their more favored friends, relatives, and fellow-citizens have a chance to go to see during the six days of the week. I do not care whether this proposition jeopar-dizes the appropriation for the World's Fair or not. I offer it because I believe it is right and because I believe it is demanded by the great common people of the country ; and when the time comes r will offer this amendment to the section of the bill which I speak of. [Here the hammer fell.] . . . R. JOSEPH D. TAYLOR.ŠMr. Speaker, I regret very much that the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. O'Neil] has seen fit to notify the House that he proposes to. offer an amendment which provides that the World's Fair shall be open on Sunday. That question was settled during the last session of Congress; and I have been informed by the friends of the World's Fair that there is no dispo-sition whatever on their part to reopen this ques-tion. The conclusion reached last session when two millions and a half of dollars were appropri-ated, with the understanding that the Fair should be closed on Sunday, should not be disturbed, and it is very unfortunate that this question is agitated just now. It is a question that was passed upon after full consideration, and all parties are bound by the con-clusion reached. Great as this Fair is, I should prefer to see it abandoned a thousand times rather than to see the Christian Sabbath desecrated and discarded. Grover Cleveland, the President-elect, who will be inaugurated to-morrow, did a great thing last fall during the campaign when he declined the in-vitation to go to Chicago to participate in the ded-ication of the World's Fair buildings because the White House at that time was draped with em-blems of mourning on account of the death of the wife of President Harrison. He did another great thing when he left his home in New York' a few weeks since and went to Fremont, Ohio, to attend the funeral of ex-President Hayes. In both these instances he touched the hearts of the people, but he did a greater thing two days ago when he telegraphed to Secretary Noble to close the Pension Building on Sunday next and prevent the Sunday promenade concert that had been ar-ranged for that day. [Applause on the floor and in the galleries.]' No man in this country holds his hand closer to the pulse of the American people than Grover Cleveland, and we will do well to profit by the example he has set us. [Renewed ap-plause.] The fact that Secretary Noble had previously issued a like order does not lessen the credit to which President Cleveland is entitled. THE SPEAKER ŠThe Chair will state to the occu-pants of the galleries that they are here by the courtesy of the House; and that the rules of the House forbid any manifestation of approval or dis-approval. The Chair hopes that this suggestion will be sufficient to induce the occupants of the galleries to refrain from any demonstration. Ł . . MR. BABBITT. ŠMr. Speaker, . . . The gen-tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. O'Neil] sees fit to denounce all who differ with him on this subject, and they are classed as being bigots and witch-burners. He has stated here that he does not care whether this appropriation fails or not if the gates of the Fair be not opened on Sunday; and this, too, against the protest of over fifteen million of the citizens of the United States who authorized Con-gress to give the Columbian Exposition five million dollars on condition that the gates of the Exposi-tion be closed on Sunday. And now he publicly notifies this House that he will insist on passing his amendment to repeal that part of the agree-ment, and I as publicly notify those gentlemen entertaining his opinions that if this appropriation 