AMERICAN SENTINEL. 551 able that a man who has murder in his heart usually de-liberates carefully before the commission of a crime, but the uncertainty of conviction is "in the air"Šis a theme of common conversation and has a baleful influence upon the minds of those who prey upon the public peace. Either the standard by which the public judges its law makers is more rigorous now than formerly, or the quality of the article is very inferior. It is, however, certain that an extraordinarily large number of persons are eager to serve the government, whether Federal, State, or municipal, in almost any capacity. If there Ł ever was a time when the office sought the man that time ' is not now. With every succeeding change of adminis-tration, the number of these increases. With the elective offices the case is hardly, if at all, different. For every seat in Congress, in the State legislatures, in municipal councils and even in school boards, there are usually from five to ten times as many candidates as can be elected. What can we say of the sense of commercial integrity now prevalent among us? There is a widespread convic-tion that for a number of years there has been an increas-ing laxity in this respect. Men past middle life who have been engaged in mercantile pursuits for thirty or forty years, say that more persons now, than ever before, buy goods which they have no intention of paying for; or if they expect to pay when purchasing, they soon'find it easier to repudiate their obligations than to meet them. To pay debts is hard work when it demands careful econ-omy and self-denial; it is doubly hard when the repudi-ator loses nothing of his former standing in the commu-nity. In many States laws seem to have been purposely framed to shield the debtor who does not want to pay. The assumption is that men get into debt unwittingly, or through the wiles of those who have something to sell, and not by a voluntary act. The enormous number of failures that have occurred during recent years, are for the most part caused by "inability to make collections." Let any one take the trouble in any small municipality where everybody is known to everybody else,to ascertain the number of persons whose commercial honor is be-yond question, and he will probably be surprised at its smallness. Coincident with the desire of so many persons to serve the public at the public expense, is the willingness of leg-islative bodies, no matter what their name, to appropri-ate money-  for the establishment and maintenance of all manner of public and private enterprises. Ours might be called an era of confiscation. There is much talk by public servants on the importance of economy, but no-body is willing to economize. Thousands of cities and towns have not only taxed themselves heavily for street paving, water works and other public improvements, but  also to assist private enterprises that could not exist without such aid. . . In most cases where large or relatively large sums of money are voted away by legislative bodies, charges of venality are freely made, and when they are sustained or can be made probable, the culprit or the suspects are voted out of office. But usually their successors are no betterŠproof enough that our standard of public moral-ity is low. We seem to take it for granted that such of-fenses must come, even if we are willing to bring woe to him by whom they come. Furthermore, it is loudly as-serted that in this country the churche,, the great bul-warks of conservatism, have lost their hold upon the masses, especially in the large cities. The alleged reason is that the membership of the churches has, in a great measure, forfeited its character for uprightness, for fair dealing and for sympathy with the toiling millions. Many of the struggles inaugurated by labor against capital are more or less tinctured with hostility to the Church. We are told that many of the clergy are more eager to hypnotize capitalists in order to get their money for some pet project, than to lead them to r4;ht living; that if a man is a liberal giver to ecclesiastical enterprises no questions will be asked as to his moral character, that this eagerness to get money for the church extends beyond its membership, and that the clergy are chary of denouncing bad men, no matter what their business, if they will only "shell out ;" that the distinction between church membership and non-church membership is vir-tually obliterated; together with much more of the same sort. No careful observer will admit these charges in all their breadth, but who will dare say that they are largely false. The decay of the old-fashioned orthodoxy has gone no farther among a certain class than it was a hundred years ago, but it has become more general. Has the spirit of brotherly love taken its place? The weak, the down-trodden, the oppressed and the neglected, are in many places yielding to despair. Having no hope or sympathy in this life and no expectation beyond, what is left for them but a practical application of the motto, "Let us eat and drink, for to-morrow we die." If the rich and the well-to-do make this their philosoppy of life and are actuated by no higher motives for themselves or their children, can we consistently expect anything from the rest? Mn. J. ALEX. CHILES, attorney-at-law, Lexington, Ky., in remitting for several subscriptions he secured for the SENTINEL, says: "I am a constant reader of your in-valuable paper. Every week it comes-fraught with good, instructive and profitable information on topics of vital importance, and so much interested am I in the dissemi-nation of these principles that after having read the paper, I take pains to place it in the hands of others. You are doing a great and good work. May you be blessed in it." 