coF 13-4)T3KTY" ri(Pki‚ Which day of the week is the Christian Sabbath?, But what has a legistatur& or other political body to do'lwith the consideraticin ,of such questions? One perSon can not decide Christian duty for another person. Each ' individual must decide Christian duty for himself. SUNDAY LAWS AND THE WORKING-MAN. 'THOUGH primarily religious in their nature, ori-gin, and purpose, Sunday laws are often urged in, the:interests of the working-man. It is argued that ,such laws are necessary to secure to labOr the blessL' ing of periodical rest. But it is open to Serious question whether the working-man is really benefited by ,such . The demand for Sunday legislation comes pri,-marily from the religious forCes of the'nation. Were it not for the influence of the churches, there would be no:Sunday legislation such: as we now have. The working-man asks only freedorn from' toil on' S'u'nday. The churches demand protection pri-marily, not for the Man but for the day. Hence, the ordinary Sunday law not only closes factories, etc.,' but it closes also places of amusement, including public, libraries, museums, and, in some places stops street-cars and public, excursions. Therefore, the man who asks for a Sunday taw in order that he may rest, indirectly asks for a law that will greatly restrain his own liberties on that day. The rich man can use his carriage on Sunday and go where he will, but stop street-cars and excursion trains and boats, and the poor man is confined to his own home or at most within walking diStance of his ,home. The rich man has a well-stocked library and all the latest Magazines and papers, but the poor man Must obtain these in a public library or content himself with the Sunday paper and the friends of Sunday legislation declare that the Sunday paper must go. The rich man can take his family to visit the art galleries and museums at any time, but the working-Man must see these things on Sunday or not at all. The rich man can take his family into the country or 'to the  seashore 'when he will, but the poor man and his family must take such outings on Sunday or not, at all: The, tendency of Sunday legislation is to be-come more and more restrictive. Those Who are  urging ,it proceed opon, the theory that ,Sutl!i431,,q411 not be preserved, as, a day,of rest unless it, ,is pre71. served also as ,a, day of worship. Their real pn.ripol., is tofill,the churches or, Sunday, and, that this mayl: be done, they seek to close everything else. They, would suppress not only the Sunday paper, the,Sun-,,  day excursion, and theSundaystreet-cars,, but ,thcy, wOalid abolish the Sunday Concert and close the, Sunday library and the Sunday museurnŠeverythingf  in fact thati  comes in competition with the, churches., Personally, we do not believe in attending ifairs, etc., on the day we regard as the Sabbath, ,We, lieve that, ,every, man ought to have conscientious convictions upon this subject, and that he ought, tp,,,  be true td those tOnvictiOns, but if any man has not such convictiOns it, is vain' to' compel him to act as though he had such convictions. The man Who does not go o an excursion on Sunday, but remains at home siMplY because he Must, might just as well' go so far as Moral considerations are' concerned, and' if that is practically his only opportunity, he cer=,  tainly would be physically better off were 'he‚to`gO: Nothing but disSipation is any more destructive to either physical or,  moral power than chafing under enforced idleness and' restraint. Only voluntary Sabbath-keeping can be' of any value physically or morally. - A great fair affords an opportunity of a lifetime to thousands Of working-men and women. They can ill afford both the time and the money to visit it, but if it is open on Sunday with, perhaps, reduced admittance fee, they can afford to attend. They feel that they ought to have the opportunity. No-body needs to go who does not wish to. It becomes a very serious question, therefore, whether those Who do not believe in Sunday fairs have any right to in-' sist that the gates shall be Closed simply because their consciences are tender'on the subject. In the case of the World's Fair' in this city 11' 1893, thousands and tens of thousands who did not,  visit the Fair 4t all, and who had, no es)Tectation sf/ 