AmvnireAN 'Vol.. 0, No. 0. .Baselland is a fair representation of the 'situation in general. The preachers are the life of the Sunday law agitation. Left to themselves, the people would be quite indifferent on the subject. In the cities the preachers are the most success-ful for there they can ply the mighty lever of selfishness to gain their ends. Many families eke out a living by keeping a small shop or store in their dwelling. Some desire a free Sunday, while many of the less successful prefer to remain home to gain a few cents to make up if possible the deficit in their daily bread. But their more successful rivals virtually say to them, " We don't need to work on Sun-day, so you mustn't. It may be that you will have a hard time to live without it, but what's that to us ? We want to have a good time on Sunday, so let's make a Sunday law." From this class the preach-ers gain enthusiastic support in their pious work. It was chiefly on this ground that the canton of Basle City secured an iron-clad Sunday law last year. It will be on this-basis that Sunday laws will be secured throughout Europe,Ša basis as arbitrary as it is selfish,Šand this is in fact the real nature of all Sunday laws. The agitation of this question grows warmer every year, and we have good reason to believe that soon Sunday laws will become quite gen- eral in Europe. H. P. HOLSER. Basle, Switzerland, Feb. 9, 1894, Is It the Gospel of Christ? WHEN Christ was here he preached the gospel and he lived the gospel, i. e., "the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth." Rom. 1 :16. " Whatso-ever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them." Matt. 7:12 ; and, " If any man hear my word and believe not, I judge him not; for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world." John 12:47. The life of Christ was (and ought it not to be so now ?) the root of the gospel; it was the trunk of the gospel; it was the branch, blossom, and fruit of the gospelŠyea, it was and it still is the gos-pel. And "though we, or an angel from heaven, preach any other gospel . . . let him be accursed." Gal. 1: 8. Any-thing against the life and principles of Christ in this world is not the gospel of Christ, and therefore is not " the power of God." With those spiritual weapons mentioned above, Christ went forth to the work of salvationŠthe work of the gospel. He asked for no office in the government. He asked for no kingdom. He asked for no swords or laws of man or nations; and when the swords and staves of men came to take him, he fought no battle; he asked for no legal counsel, but was led as a lamb to the slaughter, and as a sheep be-fore her shearers is dumb, so he opened not his mouth. And when hanging bleeding upon the cross, and a laughing, scoffing crowd with wagging heads look-ing upon the scene of agony, he lifts his eyes to heaven and cries, "Father, for-give them," and then died " like a God." Reader, in that life and that death you may see what is necessary to salvation. When Christ sent forth his disciples to carry on his work, they went, saying, " The weapons of our warfare are not carnal" (not of this world), but " we be-seech you [we pray you], in Christ's stead, be ye reconciled to God." That was the gospelŠthe same gospel of the meek,  forgiving, yet triumphant Saviour, Jesus Christ, and with it those humble disciples found power enough to go against all the swords and laws of the united Roman Empire, and with Pentecostal power they triumphed in the conversion of " three thousand souls " in a single day. If there was power enough in the gospel of Christ at that time, without any law of governments of earth in its favor, but all the power of "the iron monarchy of Rome" against it, to establish itself as it did, ought it ever to need governmental laws, or governmental aid in any way in order to continue ? Will it ever need it ? No, never! What, then, must that gospel be that does need this aid ? What gospel must those have who to-day are so eagerly seek-ing by lobbying, by boycott, resolutions, etc., to obtain such aid ? Verily I say unto you, it is " another gospel" and not " the power of God unto salvation." It cannot be the gospel of ChristŠthe life of Christ, for he did not live that way. Dear reader, " Let this mind be in you, which was also in Christ Jesus." Study and accept his life and you will receive and know the gospel. A. E. PLACE. Leo's " Most Efficacious Remedy." AT the pope's reception in Rome, Janu-ary 28, an allocution was read. The twelve thousand persons present "greeted the pope with prolonged cheering." The people of Rome were assured of the first place in Leo's affections, and that he was " gratified " with the testimony of their " devotion." He then expressed his " grief," evidently, because there are some who are not thus devoted, for he speaks of the " afflicted condition of Rome," and says :Š We earnestly desire that means should be found to end the present misery, and to re-establish promptly order in these parts. In speaking of those, who are " respon-sible," he thinks, for this "misery," he says:Š It is to be hoped that the people at least will profit by their bitter experience, see first the origin of evil, and adopt the most efficacious remedy. And to explain what he means by "the most efficacious remedy " the pope recom-mends that "they should approach confi-dently and without suspicion him who holds for God his supreme religious mag-istracy for the world's eternal life, whereof the pope is the dispenser." But before the " misery " could end, and " order " be " re-established " by the application of the " most efficacious remedy," " not only jus-tice, but political common sense demands that those responsible for the condition of affairs should retrace their steps and re-store [Leo's] religion to the honor wherein it was held by our ancestors." And to insure the cure to be permanent he sug-gests that " they should also have the virtue of rendering ever prosperous our mortal existence." Are there not lessons in this for the American people, whom this (in)famous quack is dosing with his " most efficacious remedy" pronounced by Holy Writ to be a "cup full of abominations and filthiness of her fornications " ? The pope gives the people a reception and tells them of his affection. Does the pope love the people of Italy ?ŠOh! yes, he tells them so! It must be seen, how-ever, that those who are thus entitled to his affections, and with whom he is " es- pecially gratified " are those who by their testimony show their devotion, and pat-ronize his most efficacious remedy. But for other reasons than Leo's those who have tested his medicines and seen the effect of many centuries, have learned by "bitter experience" that he is a ten times worse quack than those "quack doctors" who make the American dailies and week-lies conspicuous by their cure-all pre-scriptions " free of charge." But to what does all this amount, to American people ?ŠIt amounts to a great dealŠfar more than the history of the Roman Church with all its inquisitorial records contains. Is not Dr. Leo dosing the American people 2ŠHear him ! " I love them, and I love their country. I have great tenderness for those that live in that land. Protestants and all." And has he not both sent and appointed agents and have not a great many, even of those whose names are followed by " D.D," " Protestants and all," done all in their power to advertise him, by advocating Roman principles as the only " efficacious remedy " for the moral and material ruin of this nation ? Whose medicines have the National Reformers had on the market for a quarter of a century ? What were and are the so-called American Sabbath Union, and the other "Sabbath" and Sunday leagues, and Sunday protective associations doing ? If you don't know whose remedy these were recommending ask Leo XIII., and he can, whether he does or not, tell you, that every pen ever dipped, every tongue ever moved, every petition ever sent to. Con-gress, asking for Sunday legislation, every enforcement by the States of old or new Sunday laws causing imprisonment of the keepers of "the Sabbath of the Lord," making their mortal existence exceedingly unprosperous; whatever is done to elalt the Catholic Sunday, is having the virtue that makes Leo's " mortal existence pros-perous," to the "moral and material ruin of the nation " ? In this dilemma " what shall we do to be saved " ? There is only one remedy for the people of Rome, for the people of America, for the people of all nations of this world, viz: to approach confidently and without suspicion Him, in whose affec-tion we had the first place when we were not devoted, who alone holds the supreme religious magistracy of the eternal life of the world to come, whereof Jesus Christ is the dispenser,who is " full of grace and truth" and "able to save to the uttermost all that come to him." And though our mortal existence may be made unpros-perous by his enemies, he promises sup-port in this life, and in the world to come eternal life. And he gives us this ever-lasting consolation that when he comes to destroy that " wicked one " by the bright-ness of his coming, we may appear with him in glory. Let us approach Him. L. F. HANSEN. For Compulsory Church Attendance. WE have known that all Sunday laws have had for one of their prime objects compulsory Church attendance, and that all the talk about the " civil Sabbath " and "rest for the laboring man" has only been dodges and disguises to cover up this fact. In Australia where the Sunday movement has not as yet had so much op-position as in America, the advocates of compulsory Sunday observance have not 