JANUARY 10, 1895. A.1091.1EllEtICA_N 13 Catholic Church; and instead of the pope being the vicegerent of the Son of God, he is, in fact, the vicegerent of Satan, and Monsignor Satolli, as the papal delegate, is the express agent and delegate of Satan. The pope, as the visible head of Satan's kingdom on earth, organized the Propa-ganda with its extirpating of "heretics." The pope also instituted the Inquisition through St. Dominic, who was made the first inquisitor by Pope Innocent III. In fact, the pope has been the "visible head," not only of the Catholic Church, but of all persecution and venom against God's people from the establishment of that church to the present time. And the transfer of the control and direction of :he Catholic Church in this country is only one step nearer the invisible head (Satan) and one step nearer the fulfillment of Rev. 12:17: " The dragon was wroth with the woman [the church], and went to make war with the remnant of her seed [or church in the last days], which keep the commandments of God, and have the tes-timony of Jesus Christ." God bless the AMERICAN SENTINEL, and as it has now commenced to give special attention to the Roman Catholic question, may it be a sentinel indeed, and " cry aloud" in faithful warning, in the lan-guage of Rev. 14: 9: "If any man worship the beast and his image, and receive his mark in his forehead, or in his hand, the same shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God." This message is not only a warning against the image of the beast, but against " the beast and his image." May God help all to study the Roman Catholic question inŁ the light of God's Word and the momentous events of the hour, that they may also understand the deyelonments of the image. - EnA-1,TKE._ Do They Mean It? IT has come to be very much the fashion to put on an appearance of liberality and to make strong expressions in favor of religious liberty. The Catholic Church, as is generally known, is now posing as the author and conservator of religious freedom, and is using honeyed words to disguise her real animus and intentions, that she may entrap the unwary and un- suspecting, and disarm those who other-wise would be on the alert to expose and oppose her encroachments. Our inquiry, however, relates to the ut- terances of those, of whom we have a right, if not a reason, to expect better things. As a sample of these utterances, and one which well illustrates the whole class, is the following from the Kansas City Journal of December 8, in its report of the visit of General Booth to that city. The address of welcome was delivered by the Rev. C. H. Bruce, President of the Ministers' Alliance. Among other things Mr. Bruce said:Š That day is past, and past forever, when it is the right of any man to ask how a thing has been done, instead of asking what has been done. It is the right of every individual to worship after the manner which pleases him, but the day will never come when it will be his right to compel all other men to worship as he does. Noble words, truthfully uttered; but the pleasure of reading and contemplating them is greatly marred by the intrusion of the query, Does he mean them ? I know nothing of the gentleman's attitude upon the question of Sunday laWs, but it is well known that the class of men which  he represents is largely in favor of the enactment and enforcement of stringent Sunday laws; and that such laws, in their practical operation, are in direct contra-diction to the sentiments expressed in the foregoing, and utterly subversive of Mr. Bruce's broadly stated principle, is also well known by many, but especially those who are the victims of this kind of legis-lation. Hence arises the query which im-plies a suspicion of the insincerity of the utterances containing these noble and truthful sentiments. It is true that " the day will never come " when it will be the right of any man, or set of men, "to com-pel" others "to worship as he does;" but the day has already come when men pro-fessedly indorsing this principle, and claiming to be governed by the Golden Rule, are assuming and attempting the exercise of the right to compel all others to worship as they do, which worship, too, is contrary to the expressed will of God. And all this in the name of the Christian religion. What could more clearly show the perversity of human nature, or more fully prove the fall of modern Babylon ? S. B. WHITNEY. Who Are in Need of Sympathy? THE Dassel (Minn.) Anchor has this to say of the persecution of Seventh-day Adventists :Š Sunday Work. Our attention has been recently called to the case of Henry P. Holser, once a resident of Minnesota, but now the editor of a German paper in Basel, Switzer-land. It seems that Mr. Holser has been imprisoned for performing his editorial duties on Sunday, and this too at a time when, directly in front of his office, soldiers were engaged in drilling and citizens were playing games and enjoying themselves socially in a way much more calculated to disturb the solemnity _ and peace of the day. This case has attracted con- s 4-1,-,e world. and the action idecable attenti of the Swiss government has been severelnTnetr' by many as inconsistent. Switzerland is not the only country trying to enforce religious laws, for at the present time two men are ' serving out sentences in Manitoba prisons for perform-ing labor on Sunday, and even our own United States is guilty of similar attempts. R. R. Whaley and W. G. Curlett, both of Queen Anne's County, Maryland, are in jail for Sunday work, and one man in Tennessee has just been liberated from an imprisonment for a like offense. The injus-tice of these imprisonments is seen when the fact is added that every one of the men mentioned observes another day of rest religiously, and by the laws of his country is compelled to keep two days or violate his conscience. Personally our religious views do not coincide with those of the men who are mentioned, neither do we intend to make a religious article out of this subject, but we do feel like protesting against the enacting of any law that has its foundation in the tenets of any particular denomination and are in favor of the repeal of all laws that are based solely on the sectarian belief of any class or church. We believe in laws that are for the bettering of humanity, but we object to all such when they owe their birth or life to purely religious teachings. We have very little sympathy with that class of so-called Christians who would force onto others their own particular way of serving the Lord, whether they draw their authority from the Bible, the Book of Mormon, the Koran, or any of the many other books held in veneration by people in all parts of the earth, and we can consistently condemn these imprisonments even though they do seem to place us in sympathy with those who are known as seventh day people. Eld. H. 'P. Holser, the editor first referred to, was at one time president of the Minnesota Conference of Adventists, and he is now in jail in Switzerland for living up to the best light he had, We are sorry for him, but we are more sorry for the deluded bigots who put him there. The Anchor is right. The persecutor is always the party in most need of sympa-thy. The persecuted are cheered with the promise, " Be thou faithful unto death, and I will give thee a crown of life." But of the persecutor, the Lord says,  " But whoso shall offend one of these little ones which believe in me, it were better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck, and that he were drowned in the depth of the sea." Matt. 18: 6. Alexander Campbell Shows that the Logic of Sunday Laws Leads to the Inquisition. [In 1820 there was organized in West Middletown, Washington Co., Pa., a society, called the West Mid-dletown Moral Society. The principal object of the society was to enforce the Pennsylvania Sunday law of 1794, which is still on the statute books of the State. This Moral Society was organized by the United Presbyterians, the same people who, later in 1863, organized the National Reform Association. Alex-ander Campbell, the founder of the Christian or Dis-ciple Church, ably opposed the society in a series of articles published in the Reporter, of Washington, county seat of Washington County. His articles were signed "Candidus." A United Presbyterian minister, by the name of Wylie, attempted to defend the society, Ł and signed himself " Timothy." The discussion con-tinued from April 17, 1820, the date of Mr. Campbell's first article, to February 22, 1822, during which time almost every phase of the compulsory Sunday law question was treated. As a result the Moral Society perished, not to appear again until 1863 when it was revived by the same denomination under the name, National Reform Association. Every word of Mr. Campbell's invincible logic and withering denuncia-tion is applicable to the association, resuscitated under the name, National Reform Association, and kindred organizations, such as the American Sabbath Union, the Pennsylvania Sabbath Association, etc.] MR. T.'s fourth argument is substan-tially the same as his second, but as he makes it numerically one of the mysterious number seven, I will pay due regard to it. I will transcribe it every word. " The magistrate and the legislator," says he, " are bound in their official characters to promote the principles of public virtue, since they are the two sources of the dignity and prosperity of the community. Now these principles have their origin in religion. Therefore it is the duty of the 1 n for o enact, and of the magistrate to execute, such aw cessary to protect the public forms of religion-fian---  contempt. He that openly profanes the Sabbath, does treat religion with contempt and is therefore guilty of not only a sin against God, but an offense against the State." The established church of Rome, or any other established church, at no time claimed the right of extirpating all its enemies upon grounds more dangerous to the community than the principle em-braced in the above argument. The prin-ciple assumed by Mr. T. is in fact the same as that plead by Romanists and some Protestants, to justify them in burning, beheading, and torturing heretics. This shall be evident in the detail. That I might escape the suspicion of perverting Mr. T.'s argument, I have transcribed the whole of it, and I request the reader to compare my remarks upon it, with the original before him. In the first instance, then, Mr. T. asserts that the principles of public virtue have their origin in religion. This we all con-fess. But the difference is, how are they to be deducted therefrom. My opinion has "already been given on this subject. Let us now hear Mr. T.'s opinion. It is this : "It is the duty of the legislator to en-act, and of the magistrate to execute, such laws as are necessary to protect the public forms of religion from contempt." This will lead to any extreme in persecution ; and it necessarily requires an holy inquisi-tion to explain and enforce it. Before the above principle can be acted upon, an in-quisitorial tribunal must decree two im- 