66 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. took it as he would liave taken anything else that he had got his hands on, as another roll- of petitions lying near was not taken. She had found a few of the petitions scattered about the yard in the morning, but the most of them were gone. They were not names from the District of Columbia, but from the country at large. Next Mr. George Elliot, with the man-ner of one having forgotten something, said that there was a class of Christians whom he had neglected to mention, but who ought to be named in favor of the billŠthe Roman Catholics. That when the matter was up in the preceding Con-gress, Cardinal Gibbons had sent a letter in which he added his name to the number of petitioners; that the Cardinal repre-sented the Catholics at large in asking for the adoption of the Senate Sunday bill.ŠAt this point Mr. Crafts prompted him with the words "which includes this." That is, the Senate or Blair Sunday bill includes the House or Breckinridge Sun-day bill,Š each is the complement of the other. Each is but, part of one stupendous whole, Of which the State the body is, the Church the soul. Next spoke Mr. Schulteis". He said that he represented local assembly No. 2,672 of the Knights of Labor. He said,his assem-bly had indorsed the Breckinridge bill. He referred to the indorsement of the Blair Sunday bill by the National Assem-bly at Indianapolis, in 1888, and said that every Knight of Labor was represented in that indorsement. He said he had no special instruction to appear before the committee on this particular question, but was a member of a committee on legis-lation, and had credentials which em-powered him to speak before legislative committees on matters pertaining to labor. The next speaker was Rev. J. H. Elliott, D.D., of Washington City, who spoke on the phrase "Sunday excepted" in the Con-stitution, and argued from that that a Sun-day law such as this bill embodies would be constitutional. The fallacy of this ar-gument is that in the phrase "Sunday ex-cepted" in the Constitution there is simply a recognition of the non-legal aspect of Sunday, to which nobody objects, and there is not in it in any, sense any attempt to say what the President shall, or shall not, do on Sunday. Under that phrase the President may do anything he pleases on Sunday. And this mere legal no-day is to be stretched to the extent of sanc-tioning an act that will prohibit every-body in the nation from doing any manner of work, labor, or business, pertaining to this world, on Sunday If these men are willing to go so far as that with a mere non-committal phrase, what would they not do with the specific words of a sweep-ing statute ? Mr. Crafts was the next speaker, and spent the whole of his time, as usual, in a bitter personal attack upon the Seventh-day Adventists. He declared the greatest  opposition is carr.ied on by the Seventh-day Adventists; the counter-petition to this legislation an Advent petition; the AMER-ICAN SENTINEL an. Advent Sentinel, etc., etc. He made no argument but this in behalf of the bill. The next speaker was, Elder J. 0. Cor-liss, pastor of the Seventh-day Adventist Church of Washington City. We shall not attempt a synopsis of Mr. Corliss's speech. As there were some valuable ref-erences produced in the argument, we have asked for a. copy of the speech entire, and shall print.it  as soon as it is received. My turn came next to speak. I had risen from my chair and was waiting to be recognized by the chairman, when a slip of paper was handed to him with' a request to be allowed three minutes. The Chair said, if I would yield, the three min-utes should not be deducted from my time. I willingly granted the gentleman the time asked. The gentleman proved to be Mr. Millard F. Hobbs, Master Work-man of the whole federation of the Knights of Labor in the District of Col-umbia, who said : " No one has been authorized by, the Knights of Labor to speak in favor of this bill. Mr. Schulteis is not authorized to speak for the Knights of Labor. It is true Mr. Schulteis is a member of a committee having charge of certain matters, but that committee has nothing to do with this question. The Knights of Labor are virtually opposed to this bill. Some are in favor of some parts of it; some are in favor of all of it; and some are entirely opposed to all of it. For this reason the Knights of Labor of the District, as an organization, have re-fused to have anything to do with it. We are all in favor of a day of rest, some of two days; but we are afraid of the re-ligious side of this question. What bene-fits the Knights of Labor wish to obtain, we think can be better secured by our own efforts through our own organizations than by the efforts of others, through the Church." This speech, coming as it did, was more or less of a surprise to all; but to Mr. Crafts and his party it Was " a stunner." It instantly crushed to atoms the whole pet theory which they had so nicely framed and so pathetically presented in behalf of " the poor workingmen who are so cruelly, oppressed by being forced to labor on Sunday ;" and of the Church's gallant effort to liberate them. from " the Egyptian bondage of Sunday slavery." Nothing could have happened that would more clearly expose the perfect hollow-ness of .the plea that is made by the Amer-ican Sabbath Union, that this Sunday movement is in the interests of the work-ingmen, than did this unpremeditated and wholly unsolicited speech. When Mr. Hobbs had taken his seat, I was recognized by the chairman, and made a half-hour's speech which we hope  to present in full in."another issue. How-:.,  ever to prevent any misapprehenSion on, the part of my old friends, or the new;,  readers of the SENTINEL, I would take here to repeat that my speech was in op4 ' position, to the Breekinridge Sunday bill. The memberS of the Congressional Com-:  mittee who*ere present were Mr. Grout, Vermont; Mr. DeLanO, New York; Mr. Moore, No* Hampshire; Mr. Ellis, KenŠtucky ; ' Mr. Campbell, New York ; Mr. Heard, Missouri. ' They gave a. most care-ful and courteous hearing to all the speak-ers, and we rest assured that the subject will recieve from them a candid consider- ation. A. T. J. The Wickedness of Church and State Union. IN the Senate document containing the hearing (December 13, 1888) before the Committee on Education and Labor,. on the Sunday-rest bill, we find on pages 65 and 66 certain statements made by Senator Blair, the chairman of the committee, and the author of the bill. He first asked Dr. Lewis the following questions :Š Suppose that human beings trying to live in ' accordance with the will of God, re-enact his law and write it in their statute-books; is it wrong for society to put in their public law the requirement of obedience to God and his law ? And then after a few words he proceeded to answer his own question in the follow-ing manner :-- The will of God exists. He requires the observ-ance of the seventh day just as he prohibits murder; and as we re-enact his law, in making a law and enforcing it against murder, so, all the States have enacted laws against the desecration of the Sabbath, going further or not so far, accord-ing to the ideas of the various Legislatures. Let the reader give particular attention to the idea advanced by Senator Blair, that human beings may re-enact the law of God. The same idea was advanced by Mr. Crafts in the Christian Statesman of May 30, 1889. Said he :Š The laws of our statute-books that re-enact the seventh commandment are as distinctly biblical in their origin as the laws that re-enact a part of the fourth commandment. In what position does this place civil government ? The only answer that can be given is that it puts it in the place of God, and makes it at least equal with God. Nay, more, in putting it in the place of God, it puts it above God; for if the State re-enacts and enforces the law of God, supposing such a thing to be pos-sible, it takes the law out of his hands, leaving him nothing to do, and requires man to give supreme allegiance to the State. This will be more apparent when we, quote another statement made by Sen-ator Blair, in the connection before re-ferred to. Said he: Š Now the question comes right to this point ; God having ordained the Sabbath, as you concede with all religious organizations, here is the national gov-ernment, which alone can make that law of God operative in this sphere of national action, Why 