278 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. pagandom. Years afterward, when in a controversy the Puritans of England charged inconsistency on the part of the Episcopalians because they, claiming to be anti-papists, yet observed without scriptural warrant the holidays of the Roman Church, the Puritans were met with the countercharge of similar incon-sistency because they observed Sunday, since it, too, was clearly an. ecclesiastical institution of papal-pagan origin, with as little foundation. in Scripture as the va-rious saints' days and holy days of the Papacy. To extricate themselves from these straits, scriptural reasons had to be given for their practice. Necessity, which so often has proved to be the mother of invention, found a way out of the dilemma, and one Nicolaus Bound, promulgated the theory that Sunday had rightly taken the place of the Sabbath, basing his theory on false and unscfiptural ground. In the process of time additional supposed argu-ments were added to this, among which the one that Jesus met his disciples after the resurrection on the first day of the week in honor of that event, and hence thereafter that day became the day of Christian assembly and worship: One of these appearances took place after the disciples had fished all night and caught nothing, which, according to the Jewish division of the day, was the night of the first day of the week, conceding the claim to be correct that it was that day. Jesus that morning himself commanded them to cast their nets into the sea again, which, according to the story, they raised so full of fish that with difficulty only could they lift them. In time a few irrel-evant scriptural texts were perverted and pressed into service, so that Sunday might seem to have a Bible basis. This is the history of Sunday sacred-ness, and shows what a shallow institu-tion it is for its to make so much ado about in our day. The civil laws in its behalf are as much a disgrace to our civili-zation as they are contrary to our national Constitution and subversive of the prin-ciples Jesus of Nazareth taught, even if they were in favor of the Sabbath he ob-served. His teachings, until the time of the pagan butcher Constantine's " con-version," had no help from civil powers, yea, rather the powers of this world op-posed the Nazarene. These laws not only breed crime and hypocrisy among the irreligious, but also engender intolerance and hypocrisy among the religious. By what principle of Americanism or Chris-tianity is one man to be forced to observe any particular day according to the no-tions of another, ,§o long as he does not interfere with that other man's rights ? The State's province is in things civil; let the churches look after the conduct of its own members in things religious. So far as religious organizations and individ-uals avail themselves of those relics of former and darker times, civil laws to enforce religious obligations and practices, so far do they confess to their own inabil-ity to do the work devolving upon them, and they proclaim to the world that re-ligion can not stand on its own merits but must have the aid of civil powers. The moral natures of both the friends and foes of Sunday laws are impaired by their existence; the former because they must invent all sorts of hypocritical pre-tenses and shams for their enforcement and continuance, and the latter because they are also constantly planning devices by which to evade them. When the falsity of the claims for-Sun-day is shown, and that holy day is shown to be an unholy fraud, then its friends begin to whine about the poor laborer, in whose behalf they want the laws enforced. It is true that the laborer needs more rest. He ought to have more than he gets. But who is to determine when he is tiredŠhe himself or the ministers, many of whom have six days of rest and one of labor ? In justice, I have as much right to de-mand that one man shall work on Sunday as he has to demand that I shall rest on that particular day. If laws we must have to give men one day's rest in seven, let them be such laws as shall protect each in his day of rest, but not such as shall compel a manŁ to rest against his will. But why should the efforts of Sun-day law advocates be confined to rest on Sunday only ? , Is Sunday rest the only rest the laborer needs ? Under the very eyes of the clergy car drivers work six-teen hours a day, shop girls toil through long, weary hours, seamstresses are, by midnight oil, pricking the blood from their fingers and tearing hope from their hearts. Let the clergy attend more to the amelioration of the condition of these and others like them, and more credit will be given them for sincerity. It is to be hoped that soon the day will come when we shall have a separation of Church and State, when each will attend to its own business, and when every citi-zen will enjoy his own rights without in-terfering with another. This is American and Christian.ŠH. B. M., in Commercial Advertiser. A New Book. " Paganism Surviving in Christianity." By Abram Herbert Lewis, B.D., author of " Biblical Teachings Concerning the Sabbath and the Sun-day," "A Critical History of the Sabbath and the Sunday in the Christian Church," " A Critical History of Sunday Legislation," etc., etc., 12 mo., gilt top, $1.75: G. P. Putnam's Sons, New York and London. THIS, the latest of nr. Lewis' works, is in some respects at least, the ablest that he has yet given to the public. The book is a perfect mine of well-arranged facts told in a most happy, interesting, and forcible manner. The aim of the book is to throw light upon the history of the first four centuries of the Christian Church; and to the average reader, at least, the work seems to leave little to be desired in this particular line of research. The author does not profess that his work is exhaust-ive, but it is certainly thorough and satis-factory. In the outset Dr. Lewis warns the reader thatŠ He who judges the first century by the nine-teenth will fall into countless errors. He who thinks that the Christianity of the fourth century was identical with that of the New Testament period, will go widely astray. He who does not look carefully into the history of religions before the time of Christ, and into the pagan influences which surrounded infant Christianity, can not understand its subsequent history. He who can not rise above denominational limitations and credal restrictions can not become a successful stu-dent of church history, nor of its present tendencies, nor future developments. We have italicised the concluding sen-tence in this quotation from the author's preface, to call special attention to a most important truth clearly expressed, and yet, we think, not fully comprehended even by our author. The book deals less in the theoretical and speculative than in the practical and  demonstrable. It shows that in corrupt-ing Christianity paganism struck at its very root by applying to the sacred Scrip-tures that system of Oriental philosophy in which were the seeds of what in later times came to be known as gnosticism. " This elaimed to hold within itself," says our author, " the knowledge of God and of man, of the being and the provi-dence of the former, and Of the creation and destiny of the latter." " In Oriental religions all external phenomena expressed a hidden meaning. Applying this doc-trine to the Scriptures, the Jewish Gnos-tics taught that a hidden meaning was to be found in all the laws, ceremonies and rituals. They invented the theory that a secret tradition had been handed down from the time of Moses; the interpreta-tion of the Jewish Scriptures had been greatly perverted in this way." It was by this means that much of paganism was very early injected into Christianity. It was in this way that pagan water-worship corrupted Christian baptism, that pagan sun-worship and holi-dayism well nigh supplanted Christian Sabbath observance, and that Church and State uniona system of pagan origin Šcame to be regarded as essential to the highest development of national and social life. Chapters nine, ten, and eleven are de-voted to a discussion of the relations which have existed between Church and State, and to those relations which should exist. The two are very different. These chapters are especially valuable. Our author ruthlessly tears the mask from the Sunday institution and shows that it has no just claim to be regarded other than as a pagan holiday; and that if the tide of modern " holidayism " is to be stayed, if the evils of the Continental Sunday " are to be averted, it must be by a return to the Sabbath of the Bible, and to voluntary Christian Sabbath observ-ance instead of compulsory Sunday keep-ing, which always has, and ever will, result in vicious idleness rather than in hallowed rest. That such a return, not only to the true Sabbath and its voluntary observance, but also to the primitive simplicity of the gospel will yet be made, our author be-lieves. " In that better day," says the doctor, " the civil law will give all reli-gion full protection and full freedom, without regard to majorities or creeds. It will neither oppress by persecution nor control under the name of protection." It is here that our author violates the principle which he himself' so clearly lays down, namely, that he who would become a successful student of church history so as to be able to judge both of present tend-encies and of future developments, must rise above denominational limitations and credal restrictions. There is a " better day " coming, but history gives us no rea-son to expect it. Quite the contrary. His-tory repeats itself; and already signs are not wanting which indicate that modern,  civilization is about to crumble under its, own magnificence, even as Rome crumbled a millennium and a half ago. And the Scriptures plainly declare that instead of growing better, " evil men and seducers shall wax worse and worse," that " all that will live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution," and that until de-stroyed by the brightness of Christ's sec-ond coming, the mystery of iniquity," the " man of sin," the Papacy, that great corrupter of true religion, that seducer of 