S4 THE AIVIET?ICAN observance," might not only be " dis-quieted or molested," but even fined and imprisoned, for the same reason. What RIGHTSŠwhich her Majesty emphatically disclaimsŠhave those individuals or com-binations to the exercise of power over the consciences or religious convictions of any, to whom the above proclamation pledges "the equal and impartial protec-tion of the law ?" And how solemn is the charge in the closing sentence, to " all those who may be in authority under " her, not to inter-fere with "the religious belief or worship of any of her subjects !" The dignitaries here addressed must include both Houses of the Imperial Parliament, as well as all Colonial Parliaments and Legislatures throughout her wide dominions,Šall of whom have taken the solemn oath of allegi-ance to Her Majesty,Šand the several executive officers of every rank, who, are without exception charged and Ł enjoined, "on pain of her highest displeasure," not to violate this solemn interdict ! The as-sertion that any have violated it would be a fearful charge for any subject to make. For thirty-four years, since that procla-mation was issued, it is not claimed that the Imperial Parliament has been disloyal to the throne; nor is our Canadian Parlia-ment to this day charged with any such op-pressive religious enactment [for which the B. N. A. Act gives no authority], although hosts of misguided zealots have combined to secure such legislation. May Her Majesty's Royal Proclamation ever remainŠsecond only to the BibleŠthe charter and bulwark of our religious liberties in Canada! G. W. MCCREADY, President Religious Liberty Association of Canada. The Throne of David. IT has heretofore been shown in THE SENTINEL that Christ is to possess, at dif-ferent times, two distinct forms of king-ship: one a priestly kingship after the order of Melchisedek; the other a national or civil kingship, after the order of David, or, more properly, as the successor of David on his throne. The radical defect in all the professed arguments of the pro-fessed National Reformers is, that they make no distinction between these reigns, either as to time or nature. They liber-ally quote those prophecies which refer to Christ's reign on the throne of David, and apply them to his present reign on the throne of his Father in Heaven, as priest after the order of Melchisedek. In the Old Testament Christ was repre-sented by these two kingly personages, Melchisedek and David. Melchisedek was both king and priest. Paul, in his letter to the Hebrews, abundantly proves that Christ is new fulfilling the kingly priest-hood in Heaven. And that is the only kingship he now has. Let it be borne in mind that Daxid had no priesthood. No one ever acted as priest that sat on his throne. One, Uzziah, essayed to act as priest, but was smitten with leprosy for his presumption. And Christ will not be a priest on the throne of David, for no priesthood belongs to that  throne. The question then arises, Is Christ to occupy two distinct thrones at different times ? Yes, that is exactly what the Scriptures teach. The proof is found in his own words, as follows : " To him that overcometh will I grant to sit with me in my throne, even as I also overcame, and am set down with my Father in his throne." Rev. 3 : 21. There is no question or ' difference of opinion as to the present position of Christ; he is acting as priest on the throne of his Father. And if the people were not "slow of heart to believe all that the prophets have spoken;" if they gave ready heed to " all scripture," as they should, there would be no question about Christ yet oc-cupying his own throneŠthe throne of David to which he was born heir. In regard to this throne, and its occupancy, we will listen to the Scriptures. The angel, in foretelling to Mary the birth of Jesus, said : " The Lord God shall give unto him the throne of his father David; and he shall reign over the house of Jacob forever; and of his kingdom there shall be no end." Luke 1 : 32, 33. Peter, speaking of the resurrection of Christ, shows that it was in the fulfillment of the promise to David. Of David he said : " Therefore being a prophet, and knowing that God had sworn with an oath to him, that of the fruit of his loins, ac-cording to the flesh, he would raise up Christ to sit on his throne; he, seeing this before, spake of the resurrection of Christ that his soul was not left in- hell, neither his flesh did see corruption." Acts 2 : 30, 31 To this throne Christ was born heir. When David died, the throne descended to his son; and each son, in turn, lost his right by death. Jesus also died, and would have lost his right had he remained dead. But the Father " raised up Christ" to sit on David's throne. There is signifi-cance in the expression, " The Lord God shall give unto him the throne of his father David." It was his by birth; it was re-signed in death; and it was restored to him in the resurrection. And now, as long as Jesus lives, no other can claim that throne. It is his by heirship, and it is the one upon which the faithful over-corners will sit with him, after he resigns his position on the throne of his Father in Heaven. In Rev. 11 : 15 is a declaration often quoted by the National Reformers, and always by them misapplied. We will examine its terms : " The seventh angel sounded; and there were great voices in Heaven, saying, The kingdoms of this world are become the kingdoms of our Lord, and of his Christ; and he shall reign forever and ever." Immediately follow-ing (verses 17, 18,) are words which the reformers never quote in this connection. They are the words of the four and twenty elders : " We give thee thanks, 0 Lord God Almighty, which art and wast, and art to come; because thou: hast taken to  thee thy great power, and hast reigned, And the nations were angry, and thy wrath is come, and the time of the deadf  that they should be judged, and that thou shouldst give reward unto thy servants the prophets and to the saints, and them that fear thy name, small and great; and shouldst destroy them which destroy the earth." 1. " The seventh angel sounded." There are seven trumpets in the book of Revela-tion, bringing to view facts concerning the nations, covering the entire period of the Christian dispensation. The seventh is the last, and closes up the dispensation. This is an undisputed truth. It is con-firmed in the following :- 2. " Thy wrath is come, and the time of the dead, that they should be judged." Paul at Athens said that God had " ap-pointed a day in the which he will judge the world." The seventh trumpet opens this appointed day. The error of the National Reformers is, their misapplication of the prophecies. They press them into the service of their cause without any regard to their connection or relation. This is an error, and the source of error; it is perverting the Scriptures. So Satan quoted Scripture to the Saviour; but all who read Ps. 91 will readily see that he misapplied it. That psalm did not refer to the Saviour, but it does refer to the saints in the com-ing time of trouble, during the pouring out of the plagues of God's wrath. See Rev. 16. We have no doubt that, if the Reformers were asked if they believed the appointed day of judgment has arrived, if the time of the judgment of the dead has come, they would give a negative answer. All these things come under the seventh trumpet, under which dominion over the nations will be given to Christ; but not while he is priest, not during human pro-bation. 3. " And that thou shouldest give re-ward unto thy servants the prophets," etc. This can refer to nothing less than the resurrection of the prophets when they, with all the saints, will receive the full blessing of immortality. See 1 Cor. 15 : 50- 54. Jesus said to his disciples, " Thou shalt be recompensed at the resurrection of the just." Luke 14 : 14. And again, " For the Son of man shall come in the glory of his Father with his angels; and then he shall reward every man according to his works." Matt. 17: 27. " The kingdoms of this world have be-come the kingdoms of our Lord, and of his Christ." This declaration needs a more extended examination. It will be observed that the kingdoms of this world become the kingdoms of our Lord, as well as of his Christ. The elders praise and thank God because he has taken to himself his great power and has reigned. This our model reformers entirely overlook. They see nothing but Christ taking power over the nations, by a popular political vote! But, in. the fulfillment of this proph- 