THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 341 Secularism Defined, by Rome. THAT which is denominated 'secularism" .is not infidelity, as many who are not well in- formed imagine, nor is it akin to infidelity; it is simply the American doctrine of the totaksepa- ration of Church and State, of civil and ecclesias-tical governments. Nor is it simply a correct political doctrine; it is the very essence of true Protestantism and sound Christianity. There is, and can be, no middle ground; either the State has all to do with religion or it has nothing to do with it; either the majority have the right to dictate to the minority in matters of religious faith and practice or they have not. If they ,have the right they alone are the proper judges as to how far they shall exercise that right; but if they have not that right any interference what- i ever s usurpation and tyranny. The following article, from the Catholic Review of October 20, may perhaps help some to see just what seeular-ism is, and also to see that by opposing it as infidel-ity they are simply giving aid and comfort to the Papacy; advocating a union of Church and State, and jeopardizing the —liberties of themselves and their children. The Review says:Š "Every day the character of the struggle with sec-ularism is becoming more bitter and better under-stood. It is a fearful struggle. In France it is acut-est, and secularism has just achieved in the elections half a victory. In Italy secularism is triumphant, since its enemies are effectively muzzled. The era of persecution has set in in both these countries, but it has. not yet come to blood. In Austria and Germany Christians Still control the situation; in England sec-ularism' is steadily pushing its way to the front under the guidance of men like John Morley. "On the American continent it is magnificently en-trenched. Mexico and many of the South American republics are its victims, and the United States is its stronghold. Its conscious and unconscious adherents in the United States must number forty millions. Its chief support is the Protestant sects, with all their machinery and wealth. They are yielding to it from without and are undermined by it from within. They are, in fact, the most active propagandist of sec-ularism outside European Freemasonry that exists in the world. The professed secularists have no press, no pulpit, no machine in this country. They have but to write an essay after the fashion of Ed-win D. Mead, its latest-apostle, and immediately the entire American press and Protestant pulpit is at its command. "Outside of the Episcopalian and Lutheran denom-inations ever" pulpit is its rostrum. Outside of the papers published by these denominations every jour-nal in the country professes its belief in secularism. Among the daily journals the Sun and the Journal of Commerce stand alone against it. Among the sectarian journals, the Independent, the Christian Advocate, Zion's Herald, the Christian Union, the Congregational-ist, the Intelligencer, all leading papers and all mod-els which their minor brethren follow, are promoters of secularism. Blinder than bats, they give all their time -to proving that the patriotic duty of the hour is to establish secularism on a sure basis, to make it the government religion, force it into State schools, col-leges, academies, libraries, hospitals, asylums, prisons, army and navy, wherever it can be pushed; to sup-port it richly, endow it, bribe it, coddle it, and foster it, reduce to powder all opposition to it; and all the time they continue to cry out that Christ is God, and that all men must be saved through him; that this is a Christian country and shall never be any-thing else, and that popery must be-crushed, while atheism will die of itself. "Their leading doctrines are : Church property must be taxed like any ether property; State money must never go to any charity or institution of learn-ing which is under total or partial Control of any 'Christian denomination; into State institutions no :religious rites or instructions must be allowed to take place; Catholic soldiers and sailors and Orphans and aged and :wounded and helpless, must never hear -Mass or receive the sacraments if it can be avoided ; 'thathildren of the.nation must be educated without  any religion except secularism, and if they are edu-cated in a Christian manner the expenses must be borne by themselves. In other words, the entire force of the government, its institutions and schools and charities, its offices and employments, its moneys and influences, are all to be thrown into the rut of secularism, and all to be used in favor of that one damnable error, which, more than any other, is work-ing to-day for the ruin of Christianity. "This program of secularism is the very pro-gram which the atheists and Freemasons of Eu-rope have adopted. They are in line with American Protestantism, which, alone in the world, joins hands with atheism for the destruction of itself and its hated enemy, Romanism. These sects are content to die by their own hand if in the ruin they can in-volve Catholicity. Shame on them who profess to believe in Christ and so dishonor him. Shame, too, on the few Catholics who with the same blindness uphold these misguided people. "The time is corping rapidly when the struggle in America will reach a critical point, when once for all men must take sides against the error. The Catho-lics are preparing. Their program is made out, and they will carry it out to the letter. They will insist on every privilege and right being granted to them which is theirs, in spite of secularism and its main support, and they will get 'them. What are the Protestants doing on their side?--Nothing. When the decisive moment comes most of them will be completely secularized; the others will be Catho-lics." The Catholic Review is correct In one thing, namely, the time is coming when "all men must take sides," all must decide between "secular-ism," and the Papacy. True, it may not be in name the Papacy of Rome, but it will be the same in principle, the, very image of that anti-christian and iniquitous system. Yes, all " must take sides," but not as the Review says, against "the error of secularism;" there is a better choice, and those who love liberty and hate op-pression will " take sides " against the monstrous error that civil governments have of right any-thing whatever to do with the teaching or en-forcing of any religion,- eitherChristian or anti-christian. Ł Why They Are Anxious, THE Pearl of Days, which, as is well known, is the organ of the American Sabbath Union, and is' devoted exclusively to the work of secur-ing the enactment and enforcement of Sunday laws by the State and the national government, presents the following, which was said by an emi-nent Sunday advocate :Š "A gentleman living in the country, whose supply of water for household purposes was scant, had a cis-tern dug near his house for collecting the rain which fell on the roofs of thebuildings. For a time the ex-pedient answered perfectly; the supply of water was abundant. Suddenly, however, the pump failed to give forth the contents of the reservoir. The rain would fall copiously, and for a time a few pailfuls would be drawn, but very soon the supply ceased. The pump was carefully examined and found to be in perfect working order, and no flaw could any-where be discovered. At length it occurred to the perplexed householder to examine the cistern itself; then the mystery was solved. It was found that in one corner the cement had cracked, and there was a gaping leak which allowed the water to escape into a distant pit. It was now plain that however freely the rain might fall the cistern would soon be empty again, as there was this ever-widening leak through which the water disappeared. Such a leak in our church life is the Sabbath profaned or neglected. The rains from above may fall abundantly, the church's machinery may be diligently plied, but the law of the Sabbath largely forgotten will prove a leak serious enough to undo and render nugatory the happy influences both of the showers of Heaven and the labors of man. It has been well said : ' The streams of religion run deep or shallow according as the banks of the Sabbath are kept up-or-  neglected." "This," says the Pearl of Days, "forcibly illus-trates the cause of the loss of church life." This may all be true, but to our mind it furnishes no argument for the enactment of a Sunday law. It is strange that people cannot see that the anx-iety for Sunday laws is purely from a church standpoint. These people want Sunday laws, for what reason?ŠBecause the church will be the gainer thereby, and because they expect that peo-ple will go to church more. Not only do they expect that people who now care nothing for the church will go to church when, other places of amusement are shut up, but they expect that people who are already church members, but who neglect their duties, will take hold of church work, if they are spurred up to it by the State. In other words, they want tie -State to legislate in behalf Of the church, and to enforce church discipline. It may seem to some that the expression just used concerning places of -amusement is very ir-reverent. We do not mean to cast any reflection on the churches, but the point is this: It cannot be denied that the great desire for Sunday laws is that people who now find amusement on Sun-day, may be constrained to go to church ; and those who are working for such laws confess that picnics, theaters, concerts, Sunday newspapers, etc., are greater attractions than the church; but they expect by prohibiting these attractions to induce the people to come to church. That is, people want to pass the time in some way, and if they cannot do it with their favorite amusement they will then take the next thing that presents itself, and will go to church. In other words, they will go to church for a pastime the same as they now attend concerts, etc. They will simply substitute a form of amusement which is allowed in place of one which,  they would prefer, but which is prohibited. The movement may result in filling the churches, but it will not result in the spiritual and moral advancement-of the people. 'E. J. W. "A Jolly Election of a Clergyman." THE following from the London Telegraph shows something of what we may expect in this country when National Reformers shall have been successful in foisting upon a free people a corrupt church establishment, or, as they put it, a "union of religion and the State" :Š " The election of a clergyman for the Church of St. John, Deritend, Birmingham, by the householders of the hamlets of Deritend and Bordesley, took place on Saturday. The Church of St. John is now of the value of £450 per annum, and in a few years the in-come will be enormously increased, owing to the fall-ing in of leases. Since the fourteenth century the chaplains, as they are termed, of St. John have always been elected by the householders, the deed prescribing that each person having a hearth should be entitled to vote ; so that the franchise is similar to that of a municipal election, including women voters. The last election took place in 1870, and the present vacancy was created by the retirement of the then successful candidate. " The election, being by open voting, took place amid unusual excitement, and as the Corrupt Practices Act does not apply, it is said that a large amount of treating took place. Mr. West, being a total abstainer, received the support of the temperance party, while Mr. Sneath, having declared that he saw no harm in a man having a glass of beer, was actively supported by the publicans and brewers. Betting took place on an extensive scale. "The public-houses, especially in Deritend, were crowded throughout the day. It is said that the drinking and rowdyism were nothing to what were to be seen at the election of nineteen years ago. But the scenes in Deritend were shocking, even apart 