THE SENTINEL OR LIBER'T'Y: 555 the principles of ecclesiastical and political &spa-tism which are to-day more thah threatening the institutions which freedom has reared. - - JOHN D. BRADLEY. LORD'S DAY ALLIANCE WORK IN NEW BRUNS- WICK. THE following, setting forth the activity of the Lord's Day Alliance in New Brunswick, appeared' re-cently in the St. John Sun. The secular authorities Of the province, it will be observed, are inclined to regard the Sunday laws as dead, letters, experience having no doubt shown them, as it has the authori-ties in this country, that such laws are not related to the problem of preserving the rights of the peo-ple, and have no proper place in the modern systems of secular government. But the clergy, with more zeal than knowledge in such matters, and having more in view the interests of religion than the ends of just government, are pushing -the secular officials forward to the enforcement of these obsolete statutes, and their -efforts are producing a marked effect. The Sun says: " A meeting of the executive committee of the St. John Lord's Day Alliance was held in the parlor of the Y. M. C. A. on Monday afternoon, " The secretary reported that since the last meet-ing efforts had been made fo ascertain why the Sun-day law -was still apparently a dead letter, seeing that it had been sustained by the supreme court of the province. " It 'was found that the responsibility rested wholly with the city authorities, and upon laying the matter before the chairman of the safety board, the recorder and the chief of police, promise had been obtained that the act would be put in force next Sunday. " The Rev. J. G. Shearer, field secretary of the Dominion L. D. Alliance, who is now in NoVa. Scotia, is expected to occupy pulpits in St. John on Sunday,-September 9th, and to speak at .a public convention which is to be held on the Monday evening follow-_ ing for the purpose of organizing a provincial al-liance. The arrangements will be made public as soon as the use of" the required buildings has been secured. " Interviewed by the Sun last evening with refer-.ence to the action of the Lord's Day Alliance to- ward the' more -rigid enforcement of the Sunday law, Alderman Seaton, chairman of the safety board, stated that_ officially he had no jurisdiction -in the matter, and that he had referred the committee from  the alliance which had waited 'upon him to the re7  corder and the chief of police; in whose hands the. matter now rests: " A Sun reporter saw Recorder Skinner last night with reference to the matter. - Mr:Skinner said the supreme court of New BrunswiCk sustained the law. Last .spring. Chief of -Police Clark consulted him as to what course he should pursue, and he advised the chief that the law should be enforced. But then weird came to the effect that an appeal, had been car= ried to Ottawa. It was intimated about the same time that it would be well to await the decision of the supreme court.  of Canada. He-told Chief Clark that if these appeals were bona fide it would be just as well to wait' till the court gave, their, decision: He was then waited upon by representatives of the Lord's Day Alliance, who maintained that the chief was not doing- his duty. He assured these ,gentle-men-that, the chief was not to blame, as he was al-ways ready and willing to do all he could for.the en-forcement of all laws. The recorder advised this delegation to see the attorney-general. On Tuesday Revs. Dr. Wilson and T. F. Fotheringharn waited upon him with a letter from Attorney-General merson, which set forth that the local government was not doing an-ything to, prevent the enforcement of the law. The letter stated that the matter of en-forcing the raw lay with the civic authorities in St. John. The recorder then advised the chief of police to see that the law is enforced. The Sun man was unable to get any further information from the re-corder, except that the chief fhings complained of were the desecration of the Sabbath by the sale of soda water and cigars. " Chief of Police-Clark was not willing to talk to the Sun. He said he was alWays ready to do what he considered his duty, In this matter the acted upon the advice of the recorder, and -as they were at present in consultation he had no statements to make for publication." The same paper also mentions the formation of a local Lord's Day Alliance at Charlottetown, N. B., of Which the clergy of the city were made vice-presi-'dents. The field secretary of the geileral organiza-tion, Rev. J. G. Shearer, has been actively at work organizing branches of the alliance throughout Canada, arid this activity will certainly not be with-out results. ONE man's rights do not end where another man's rights begin, as some have said. The rights of all begin, at the same point, namely;  at birth, and continue throughout life. 