a " Corrupted freemen are the worst of slaves." VOLUME 3. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, NOVEMBER, 1888. NUMBER 11. TFI2e An2epical2 geqt.ii2e1. PUBLISHED MONTHLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, OAKLAND, CAL. E. J. WAGGONER, ALONZO T. JONES, SPECIAL CORRESPONDENTS. J. H. WAGGONER, E. W. FARNSWORTH, DAN T. JONES. Entered at the Pint-office in Oakland. Religion and Politics. IN the ancient world religion and politics were blended. Among the Jews religion ruled the State, which was a theocracy. Among the heathen the State ruled religion; the Roman emperor was the supreme pontiff (pontifex maxims), the gods were national, and the priests were servants of the State. Christianity had at first no official connec-tion with the State. Christ directs us to render unto God the things that ate God's, and unto Cotsar the things that are Caesar's. Matt. 22:21. He paid the tribute money to the Jewish temple and obeyed the laws of Rome, but he refused to be a judge and divider of the inheritance of two brothers, as lying outside of the sphere of religion. Luke 12:14. He de-clared before Pilate that his kingdom is not of this world (John 18:36), and rebuked Peter for drawing the sword, even in defense of his Master. John 18:11. When the evil one tempted him with the possession of all the kingdoms of this world, he said unto him : "Get thee hence, Satan." Matt. 4 :10. Secular power has proved a Satanic gift to the church, and ecclesiastical power has proved an engine of tyranny in the hands of the State. The apostles used only the spirit-ual weapons of truth and love in spreading the gospel of salvation. They enjoined obedience to the civil power, even under Nero (Rom. 13:1, 7), but they would rather suffer imprisonment and death than obey even their own Jewish magistrate against the dictates of their conscience. Acts 4:29. If men had always acted on this principle and example, history would have been spared the horrors of persecution and religious wars. For three hundred years the Christian church kept aloof from politics, and, while obeying the civil laws and paying tribute, maintained at the same time the higher law of conscience in refusing to comply with idol-atrous customs, and in professing the faith in the face of death.ŠPhilip Schaff. Joseph Cook and Roman Catholicism. IN the prelude to the 201st Boston Monday lecture, Joseph Cook discussed the attitude of the Catholic Church toward the public school. He said:Š "Roman Catholic authorities wholly deny to civil governnent the right to conduct the secular education of all the people, and in-tend to apply to the United States, as soon as the opportunity permits, the same educational principles which have kept the mass of the populations of Roman Catholic countries in a state of intellectual childhood. The Popes have often declared that the toleration of schools not under the control of the Catholic Church is a sin on the part of the civil gov-ernment." He referred to James Anthony Froude's statement that' in his late visit to the West Indies he held a long conversation with a Catholic ecclesiastic from America, in which the discussion ranged through a long course of history, and he found that on nearly every point they differed as to matters of fact. "And the outcome of the conversation was to open the eyes of the English historian to the fact that the most systematic mutilation of his-tory goes on in the Roman Catholic schools on the American as well as on the European side of the Atlantic." He quoted from the Catholic World these words :Š "We, of course, deny the competency of the State to educate, to say what shall or shall not be taught in the public schools." And these :Š "Before God, no man has a right to be of any religion but the Catholic." And from a paper entitled The Catholics of the Nineteenth Century, he quoted this :Š "The supremacy asserted for the church in matters of education implies the additional and cognate functions of censorship of ideas, and the right to examine and approve, or dis-approve, all books, publications, writings, and utterances intended for public instruction, en-lightenment, or entertainment, and the super-vision of places of-amusement." And yet this same Joseph Cook is a vice-president of an Association which stands pledged to join hands with Rome whenever she is ready, and gladly to accept co-operation in any way in which she is willing to exhibit it; and to put the Catholic Bible, and Cath-olic instruction, into the public schools where-ever the Catholics are in the majority. In a Na-tional Reform Conference held at Saratoga, August 15-17, 1887, during which Joseph Cook made a speech, the corresponding secretary of the National Reform Association, of which  Joseph Cook is a vice-president, was asked this question :Š " If we put the Protestant Bible in the schools where Protestants are in the majority, how could we object to the Douay version [the Roman Catholic Bible] in schools where Roman Catholics are in the majority ? " And the corresponding secretary answered Š" We wouldn't object." Further along in the proceedings we have the following record:Š " Rev. Dr. Price, of Tennessee : 'I wish to ask the secretary, as any attempt ever been made by the National Reform Association to ascertain whether a consensus, or agreement, could be reached with our Roman Catholic fellow-citizens, whereby we may unite in sup-port of the schools as they do in Massachu-setts?' " The secretary : I regret to say there has not. . . . But I recognize it as, a wise and dutiful course on the part of all who are en-gaged in, or who discuss, the work of educa-tion, to make the effort to secure such an agreement. " Dr. Price: I wish to move that the Na-tional Reform Association be requested by this conference to bring this matter to the at-tention of American educators and of Roman Catholic authorities, with a view of securing such a basis of agreement if possible.' "The motion was seconded and adopted." That is what the National Reform Associa-tion is pledged and commissioned to do; Jo-seph Cook took an active part in that same conference; and he is yet a vice-president of that Association, exerting his influence for its success. In view of these facts Joseph Cook's position is rather " amphibious." His Boston Monday lecture compared with his official connection with this Association reveals a course which, to say the least, is highly incon-sistent. Note, in the above quotation they propose to secure this agreement with the Catholics "in support of the schools as they do in Massa-chusetts." Upon this the action of the Catho-lic school board of Boston - in banishing from the Boston schools Swinton's " Outlines of His-tory," is a most telling comment. That is how the Catholics unite with Protestants (?) in support of the schools in Massachusetts ; and that is just how the National Reform Asso-ciationŠJoseph Cook a vice-presidentŠpro-poses that the Catholics shall unite with Prot-estants throughout the Nation. In other words, that association proposes to hand over the American public-school system, as far as possible, to the Catholic Church. But Mr. Cook proposes a remedy for this "Roman Catholic aggression," which he, as EDITORS. 