AMERICAN SENTINEL. 6:3 Distribution of Literature. THERE is no better way to disseminate light and truth than through the medium of the printed page, and to this end there have been a goad number of very valuable tracts and pamphlets issued from the press. One of the best ways to distribute these and to get people interested in the doctrines they teach, is to hand to the persons desired to be reached a few selected tracts enclosed in a nice envelope having an appropriate inscription printed upon it, stating for what pur-pose the package has been placed in the hands of the re-ceiver, and a request that the party give the contents a careful perusal, etc. Ł To supply a growing demand for such envelopes we have prepared ourselves to furnish them on short notice. Our envelopes are made from 36 Pound Manilla Paper 5ix8 inches in size,, and open at the end. " We will print on them, to order, any thing desired not exceeding fifty words, and send at the following rates:- 50 envelopes, postpaid, $0.45 100 - 0.65 200 1.10 500 by express, not prepaid, 2.00 1000 3.00 2000 or more, at $2.50 per thousand. Blank, or unprinted envelopes, $1.80 As samples of what would be appropriate to put on the envelopes we would suggest the following:Š The undersigned takes pleasure in loaning you this package of read-ing matter for a short time. Will call in a day or so. Colporteur. Dear Sir or Madam I take pleasure in handing you this package of reading matter, with the hope that you will give the contents a careful perusal. If you desire more of the same kind, I will gladly supply you. Respectfully, , Colporteur The tracts enclosed in this package are loaned to you for a few days. Please read them carefully. I will call again, and if you desire to pur-chase them, the price is Ohe Cent for each eight pages. If you desire others I will gladly supply you. , Colporteur. This package of literature is presented by one of our Sabbath-school children, and the proceeds of sales thus arising will be given to carry the gospel to children in darkened India. INTERNATIONAL SABBATH-SCHOOL ASS.N. Presented by, The name and address °of the Colporteur can be printed on the envelope with the inscription, or the line left blank and the name can be written. We will make them any way to suit our patrons. Send in your orders. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York. Tracts Recommended for Use in the Package System. As the season has already come in which many of our members can find time to go out and distribute reading matter, and as the long winter evenings afford opportunities for reading which most people do not have during the other parts of the year, it is of the ut- most importance that our literature be circulated freely lust now. The following list embraces some of our most recent tracts, and we believe will .be found admirably adapted to this work. The tracts will be furnished at one-half the retail prices, and the envelopes will cost about 45 cents per hundred. Address all orders to your State Tract Society. PACKAGE No. 1. Looking Unto Jesus A G. L., No. 1..1c Benefits of Bible Study " No. 10..1c Can We Know 2. ,     .13. S. L., No. 49..1c Church and State R L. L., No, 36..1c Without Excuse B S. L., No. 46..1c ' PACKAGE No. 2. Is the End Near e B S. Id., No. 50..1c Truth for the Times " No. 143..2c God's Message for. To-day " No. 21....le He Saves to the Uttermost... A. G. L., No 24..4e I Will Come Again '` Ne. The Relation of the State and Church R. L L., No. 33. ,1e PACKAGE No. a Fighting Against God The Signs of the Times  The Millennial Age  PACKAGE No. 4. What Must I Do to Be Saved 9  ..A. G. L., No. 17..1e New Testament Sabbath B S. L., No. 137..2c Perfection of the Law of God " No. 122...3c PACKAGE No. 5 Wayniarks to the Holy City B S. L., No, 115..2c America's Crisis " No. 138..4c The Eastern Question " No. 144..2c PACK AGE No  6 Justified by Faith .. . B S. L., No, 104..2c Our Answer R L. L., No. 37.1ke Seventh-day Adventists and Their Work A. G. L., No. 34..2c Who Changed the Sabbath 2 B S. L., No. 107..3c A NEW TRACT CATALOGTTE. " i)escriptive Catalogae of the Bible Students', Apples of Gold, and Religious Liberty Libraries " is the title of this 36 page catalogue. It gives a pithy description of each tract and pamphlet in the above Libraries, together with their size and price. It will greatly assist the reader to select such numbers as he may desire to read and circulate; and may be obtained FREE by addressing the Pacific Press Publishing Coin. pang, Oakland, Cal.; 39 Bond St., NewYork City, N.Y.; 18 W. 5th St., Kan. sas City, Mo.; or Review and Reread, Battle Creek, Mich.; Atlanta, Ga. WE have received from the publisher, Mr. J. E. ' Woodward, of Chicago, a copy of his "Historic and Prophetic Diagram" of the principal dates, eras, and events, in the course of the gospel and the history of the world. It is the best thing of the kind that we have ever seen. The cuts and drawings are excellent, and the plan is admirable. It will richly repay study, and so is worth considerably more than is required to buy it. It is 5 feet 6 inches long by 3 feet 9 inches wide. Printed on heavy cloth convenient for folding and carrying in small space $3.50; on best map-paper, cloth bound, with roller $2.75. Address J. E. Woodward, 4327 Evans Ave.. Chicago, Ill.   R  L. L., No. 41..3(   Ł ....... ..B. S. L., No. 36..2e " No. 136..2e  