206 A..M1EIELICA.N S-RN9PINIMILAI Vol,. 11, No. 26. and which affects only one class or body of citizens, is in conflict with the spirit of this Government and with the Constitutions of the United States and of this State. Calder vs. Bull, 3 Dall. 386 ; Constitution of U. S. 14th Amendment; Constitution of Ill. 1870, Art. II., Sec. 2; and Art. IV., Sec. 22; Ritchie vs. People, 155 Ill. 98; In re Jacobs, 98 N. Y. 98; Low vs. Printing Co, 41 Neb. 127; Ex parte Westerfield, 55 Cal. 550; Butchers' Union Co. vs. Crescent City Co. 111 U. S. 746; Millet vs. People 117 Ill. 294; Frorer vs. People, 141 id. 66; People vs. Gillson, 109 N. Y. 389; State vs. Goodwill, 33 W. Va. 179; State vs. Loomis, 115 Mo. 307; Railroad Co. vs. Jackson-ville, 67 Ill. 37; Johnson vs. Railroad Co. 43 Minn. 223; Cooley's Const. Lim. 393; Railroad Co. vs. Baty, 6 Neb. 37; Godcharles vs. Wigernan,, 113 Pa. St. 431. Where the ostensible object of an enactment is to secure the public comfort, welfare or safety, it must appear to be adapted to that end. It cannot invade the rights of persons and property under the guise of a police regulation when it is not such in fact. Ritchie vs. People, 155 Ill. 98; Lake View vs. Ceme-tery Co. 70 id. 1941; Railroad Co. vs. Jacksonville, 67 id. 37; People vs. Wilson, 109 N. Y. 389: Millett vs. People, 117 Ill. 296; Calder vs. Bull, 3 Dail. 386; In re Jacobs, 98 N. Y. 109. OPINION OF THE COURT. Mr. Chief-Justice Craig delivered the opinion of the Court:Š Plaintiff in error was convicted in the Criminal Court of Cook County for the violation of an act to prohibit barber shops from being kept open on Sun-day, and for a violation of the law he was fined $25. The act was passed in the last session of the legisla-ture, and contained two seetions, as follows:Š " Sec. 1. Be it enacted by the People of the State of Illinois, represented in the General Assembly, That it shall be unlawful for any person or persons to keep open any barber shop, or carry on the business of shaving, haircutting or tonsorial work, on Sunday, within this State. "Sec. 2. Any person, by himself, agent or em-ploye, violating the provisions of Section 1 of this Act, shall, upon conviction thereof, be fined in any sum not exceeding two hundred dollars (200) for each and every offense." It is contended in the argument that by the act in question that part of the Fourteenth Amendment of the United States Constitution (Sec. 1) has been vio-lated, which reads as follows: "Nor shall any State depvive any person of life, liberty or property with-out due process of law, nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws." It is also contended that the act violates Section 2 of Article 2 of the Illinois Constitution of 1870, viz. : "No person shall be deprived of life, liberty or prop-erty without due process of law," and also Section 22 of Article 4, the general clause of which reads, " In all other cases where a general law can be made ap-plicable no special law should be enacted " It is con-ceded in the argument that if the legislature had en-acted a law prohibiting all business on Sunday its va-lidity could not be questioned,Šthat such a law would violate none of the constitutional provisions relied upon. Common Law Does Not Prohibit Sunday Labor. The common law of England, as adopted in this State as a part of our jurisprudence, does not prohibit the citizen from pursuing his ordinary labor on Sun-day, nor is a contract entered into between two par-ties in this State void because executed on Sunday. (Rex. vs. Brotherton, 1 Strange, 702; Drury vs. De-fontaine, 1 Taunt. 131; Sayles vs. Smith, 12 Wend. 57; Richmond vs. Moore, 107 Ill. 429.) On the other hand, at common law Sunday has always been re-garded dies non juridicusŠa day upon which courts could not transact other than necessary or ministerial business. In England, however, the law which per-mitted the transaction of business and the pursuit of one's ordinary labor was changed by statute (29 Char. II.), which provides that "no tradesman, artificer, workman, laborer or other person whatsoever shall do or exercise any worldly business or work on the Lord's day," works of necessity and charity being ex-cepted. This statute has been substantially adopted by the legislatures of many of the States in the Union. This State has not, however, followed the other States in the adoption of the English statute, but we have legislated on this subject for ourselves in a manner thought to be for the best interest of our people. That legislation will be found in paragraph 261 of our Criminal Code, as follows: " Whoever disturbs the peace and good order of society by labor (works of charity and necessity being excepted), or by any amusement or diversion, on Sunday, shall be fined not exceeding $25. This section shall not be con-strued to prevent watermen and railroad companies from landing their passengers, or watermen from loading or unloading their cargoes, or ferrymen from  carrying over the water travelers and persons moving their families, on the first day of the week, nor to prevent the due exercise of the rights of conscience by whomever thinks proper to keep any other day as Sabbath." The preceding paragraph (260) provides: " Sunday shall include the time from midnight to midnight." There is a wide and well-marked distinction between the English statute and ours. The English statute prohibits labor and business on Sunday, while our statute merely prohibits labor and amusement which disturbs the peace and good order of society. In Richmond vs. Moore, supra, in speaking of the dif-ference between the two statutes, it is said (p. 433): "A mere glance at that and our statute will show that they are materially different, That prohibits labor and business; ours only prohibits labor or amusement that disturbs the peace and good order of society. The offense by that statute is the per-formance of labor or amusement against the peace and good order of society. The offense by that statute is the performance of labor or business, and by ours it is the distrbance of the peace and good order of soci-ety. The British statute is much more comprehensive in its purposes and language than ours. Ours only prohibits labor that disturbs the peace and good order of society, not naming business, whilst the British statute renders the mere act of labor or business penal." Under the law of this State, as it existed prior to the passage of the act in question, each and every cit-izen of the State was left perfectly free to labor and transact business on Sunday or refrain from labor and business, as he might choose, so long as he did not disturb the peace and good order of society. By the act in question an attempt has been made by the leg-islature to inaugurate a radical change in the law as to a class of the laboring element of the State,Šthe barbers. The statute, as has been seen, declares " that it shall be unlawful for any person or persons to keep open any barber shop, or carry on the busi-ness of shaving, hair-cutting or tonsorial work on Sunday." Labor Is Capital. That act is plain, and its meaning is obvious. The owner of a place where is carried on the barber busi-ness is prohibited from doing any business whatever during one day in the week. He may have in his employ a dozen men, and yet during one day in seven he is deprived of their labor and also deprived of his own labor. The income derived from his place, and his own labor and the labor of his employes, are his property; but the legislature has by the act taken that property from him. The journeyman barber who works by the day or the week, or for a share of the amount he may receive from customers for his serv-ices, is by the law denied the right of laboring one day in the-week. He may rely solely upon his labor for the support of himself and family; his labor may be the only property that he possesses, and yet this law takes that property away from him. His labor is his capital, and that capital is all the property he owns. Can a law which takes that from a laborer be sustained? The Constitution of the United States says the State shall not deprive any person of property without due process of law, and our State constitution declares the same thing. What is understood by the term " due process of law," is not an open question. "Due process of law" is synonymous with "law of the land," and the "law of the land" is "general public law, binding upon all the members of the com-munity, under all circumstances, and not partial or private laws, affecting the rights of private individu- als or classes of individuals." (Millet vs, People, 117 Ill. 294.) Is the act in question a law binding upon all the members of the community? A glance at its provi-sions affords a negative answer. The act affects one class of laborers and one class alone. The merchant and his clerks, the restaurant-keeper and his em-ployes, the clothing-house proprietor, the blacksmith, the livery-stable keeper, the owners of street car lines, and people engaged in every other branch of business, are each and all allowed to open their respective places of business on Sunday and transact their ordi-nary business, if they desire; but the barber, and he alone, is required to close his place of business. The barber is thus deprived of property without due pro-cess of law, in direct violation of the Constitutions of the United States and of this State. In Millet vs. People, supra, the validity of an act of the legislature requiring owners and operators of coal mines to weigh coal in a certain specified manner arose, and it was held not competent for the legisla-ture to single out owners and operators of coal mines and provide that they should bear burdens not im-posed on other owners of property or employers of labor, and prohibit them from making contracts which it is, competent for other owners of property or employers of labor to make, and that such legisla-tion cannot be sustained as an exercise of the police power. In Frorer vs. People, 141 Ill. 171, where the valid-ity of an act of the legislature arose which prohibited persons engaged in mining or manufacturing from keeping stores for furnishing supplies, tools, clothing, provisions or groceries to their employ& while so en-gaged in mining or manufacturing, the law was held to be in conflict with the constitution. In the deci-sion of the case it is among other things said (p. 180): " The privilege or liberty to engage in or control the business of keeping and selling clothing, provisions, groceries, tools, etc., to employ4s, is one of profit,Šof presumptive value; and thus, by the effect of these sections, what the employers hi other industries may do for their pecuniary gain with impunity, and have the law to protect and enforce, the miner and manu-facturer, under precisely the same circumstances and conditions, are prohibited from doing for their pecu-niary gain. The same act, in substance and in prin-ciple, if done by the one is lawful, and if done by the other is not only unlawful but a misdemeanor. . . . The privilege of contracting is both a liberty and a property right, and if A is denied the right to con-tract and acquire property in a manner which he has hitherto enjoyed under the law, and which lC and D are still allowed by the law to enjoy, it is clear that he is deprived of both liberty and property to the extent that he is thus denied the right to con-tract." In Ramsey vs. People, 142 Ill 380, the case last cited was quoted with approval, and it was held that the act of 1881, which requires the owners and oper-ators of coal mines, when the miner is paid on the basis, of the amount of coal mined and delivered by him, to weigh the coal on pit cars before it is screened, and to pay on such weights, is a violation of Section 2 of Article 2 of the State Constitution, as de-priving a class of persons of the liberty and prop-erty right of making contracts without due process of law. In Braceville Coal Co. vs. People, 147 Ill. 66, the question of the validity of an act of the legislature, arose which required certain specified corporations to pay their employ& their wages weekly. It was held that as an act was applicable only to certain cor-porations, and did not operate upon all corporations for pecuniary profit, and individuals, it was unconsti-tutional, as depriving the corporations affected thereby of the right of liberty and property without due pro-cess of law. Liberty Defined. In speaking of the term "liberty," as used in the constitution, it is there said (p. 70): " There can be no liberty protected by government that is not regulated by such laws as will preserve the right of each citizen to pursue his own advancement and happiness in his own way, subject only to the restraints necessary to secure the same right to all others. The fundamental principle upon which liberty is based in free and en-lightened government is equality under the law of the land. It has accordingly been everywhere held that liberty, as that term is used in the constitution, means not only freedom of the citizen from servitude and restraint, but is deemed to embrace the right of every man to be free in the use of his powers and faculties, and to adopt and pursue such avocation or calling as he may choose, subject only to the restraints necessary to secure the com-mon welfare." In Ritchie vs. People, 155 Ill. 98, the question arose in regard to the validity of a statute which provided that no female shall be employed in any factory or workshop more than eight hours in any one day or forty-eight hours in any one week, and it was held that the right to labor or employ labor, and make contracts in respect thereto, upon such terms as may be agreed upon, is both a liberty and a property right, and is included in the guaranty of Section 2 of Article 2 of the Constitution, and that the act prohib-iting the employment of females in any factory or workshop for more than eight hours a day is uncon-stitutional, as being partial and discriminating in its character. In the decision of the ease it is said (p. 104): " Labor is property, and the laborer has the same right to sell his labor and to contract with reference thereto as has any other property owner. In this country the legislature has no power to prevent per-sons who are sui inns from making their own con-tracts, nor can it interfere with the freedom of con-tract between the workman and the employer." If the legislature has no power to prohibit, by law, a woman from being employed in a factory or work-shop more than eight hours in any one day or forty-eight hours in a week, upon what principle, it may be asked, has the legislature the right to prohibit a barber from laboring and receiving the fruits of his labor during any number of hours he may desire to work during the week? If a woman may be allowed to determine the number of hours she may work in a week, why not allow a barber the same right? More-over, if the merchant, the grocer, the butcher, the druggist, and those engaged in other trades and call-ings, are allowed to open their.places of business and 