SAVONAROLA A graphic ac-count of the life and martyrdom of this wonder-ful preacher of Florence; also a sketch of his times. An in-spiring book for young read-ers, and o n e that will be read again and again. Cloth 6oc.; JOHN OF MARTIN LUTHER A most readable story of the life of this greatest reform-er, at home, at the university, as a monk, as a priest, at Rome, at the Diet of Worms, and the closing scenes of his career. Illustrated. Cloth, 6oc. PILGRIM'S PROGRESS Size, 6%x4% inch-es, 495 pages, 6 il-lustrations. The story of both Chris-tian and his wife. An attractive edi-tion of this immor-tal classic. Price, 4oc. POLITICAL SPEECHES WYCLIFFE ()JACK THE CONQUEROR The life of this great- C est of "the reformers be- fore 10 And Other Stories the Reformation" is 7  one of intense interest, •A The first and longest and is here told in such V story is that of ten-year-a way as to inspire the C old poverty- stricken reader to cultivate his A. opportunities and econ- r Jack Harold. His fa- omize his time. ther and mother were V both dead, and his aunt t would not allow him to V go to school. How his ambition was aroused, V etc. Well illustrated, C cloth, 60c. c GOLDEN GRAINS AND DEBATES ), A reproduction of fr the principal • speeches and de-bates o f Abraham IR Lincoln during the Y years 1854-1861, to- • gether with those of his political antago-fist, Stephen A. Douglas. A fascin-ating volume of over 550 large pages. ; Cloth, $1.75. C C Cloth, 6oc. C 0 C love of Christ, and to draw the reader into An entertaining story of how an unhappy a closer connection with Him. Containg phome was made and kept happy, together c237 pages, 68 engravings, four of which am A., three colorhalf-tones. with the influence it had over other homes. A Contains 203 pages; cloth 5oc. V Cloth, with gilt edges, $1.25. LIFE ON THE KONGO A comprehensive his-tory.  of that portion of Africa drained by the Kongo and its tributar-ies, together with nu-merous missionary inci-dents and experiences. The author, Rev. Hol-m a n Bentley, writes the t itles: p from personal observa-"Joe Ben - tion, and gives much ton's Co al p interesting information Y a r d. ,A  concerning this much-"This Hand r talked-of country. Nev ere Struck Me," "The Burnt c  Composition," "The Wanderer's Prayer," r TWO The First Lie," "The Tempting Gloves,"  "Tom's Revenge." Complete set for 25c, e postpaid. THOUGHTS FROM THE MOUNT OF BLESSING An exposition of the Sermon on the Mount "It can by no means be read with profit at one sitting, but is a book for time of med-itation, as its title in-cates. " ŠBaptist Union. Contains 209 pages, i8 half-tone engrav-ings, is bound in cloth at 75c, and half-calf at C $1.00. LEFT WITH A TRUST ci,  NATIVE LIFE IN INDIA Contains two good V The author, Rev. stories, the first being C of the struggles of a fa- at H e n r y Rice, spent mily, the head of which-®  eighteen years in India, having gone, according and has written  ) to baby Phil, "Away interesting description perhaps lie' d tumble 1p of the social and reli-tells of the faithful ef- drowned. " Inc second ; the Hindus. The book forts of a boy to sup- c  is illustrated with port his sister and wid- 4) twelve native drawings. owed mother. Illustrated, cloth, 6oc. MAKING HOME HAPPY out of the ship and det gious characteristics of C A series of pamphlets, C containing 40 32o pagesl, and 45 beau-tiful stories 0 for children. p Following 14  are some of r C AMONG THE NORTHERN ICEBERGS itants had received STORY OF REDEMPTION A book well calculated to show forth the Cloth, 6oc. Illustrated, cloth, 6oc. CANNIBAL ARCHIPELAGOES Here John Williams, Rev. G. N. Gordon and wife, J. D. Gordon, and others met death at the hands of the natives. Here dwell the Rubiana people, whose mania is the collection of human heads. Even here, this book informs us, the Gospel has made pro-gress. This is illus-trated by two scenes in one villageŠone as the missionaries found it, the other after its inhab-Christianity. Cloth, 6oc. An account of the expeditions sent in search of the North Pole by the United States and England. It is written in narra-tive style and is in-tensely interesting. Its illustrations are o f northern scenes and incidents, and are very good. Cloth, 6oc. AMERICAN SENTINEL. 79 13cocoksŁ We Can recommend. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, KANSAS CITY, MO. 39 Bond Street, New York City. OAKLAND, CAL. 