CAVEATS, TRADE MARKS, DESIGN PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, etc. For information and free Handbook write to MUNN & CO.. 361 BROADWAY. NEW Yeah, Oldest bureau for securing patents in America. Every patent taken out by us is brought before the public by a notice given free of charge in the Ocutifir AMCVIC1111 Largest circulation of any scientific paper fn the world. Splendidly illustrated. No intelligent man should be without it. weekly, 83,00 a year; $1,50 six months. Address, MUNN & CO,. Punmsnuns, 361 Broadway, New York City. JANUARY 23, 1806. _ A.Mlar-tIC.ANT 31 legislation of the Ł" Holy Roman Empire." The Eng-lish ,laws are an expansion of the Saxon, and the American are a transcript of the English. Oar own laws were all inchoate in those [the Saxon laws]. The early Sunday laws in England were but the expansion of the Saxon laws. When compared with the Saxon laws, they show the successive links by which our Sunday laws have been developed from the original source. They are of great value, beyond their mere historic interest, in showing how the advance of civilization and of Christianity has left the original idea behind. Sunday laws are therefore the direct off-spring of paganism, opposed alike to the ge-nius of a free government and to the principles of Christianity. To use force in inducing Sunday observance, like the use of force in all religious matters, degrades both the person and the institution. And, the Sunday in America will be reduced to the level of Sunday in Europe if America attempts to enforce relig-ious observances as Europe did.  criminals and degrading to citizens of a free country. It is absurd to present the alternative of observing such puritanical laws or removing to a country where there is more respect for civil and religious liberty. These people settle here, raise families and build homes for themselves under a constitutional guar-antee that they will have the liberty of wor-shiping God in whatever manner they choose. That they are in a minority is no reason why they should be denied that right. If they were vicious, diorderly, malicious or defiant in their violation of State laws that try to control their conscience, there might be some show of reason for such intolerance. In all other respects they are law-abiding, peaceable, industrious, order-loving people and any law that will throw them into prison for an honest difference of opinion concerning which is the proper day to observe as a day of rest, is but little less than a relic of medieval barbarism. These strictures apply with equal force to all other forms of bigotry and religious per-secution and intolerance. THE. RIGHTS of the PEOPLE Or Civil Government and Religion Dy Alonzo T. Jones. An Up-to-Date Pamphlet on the Principles of Religious 'Liberty. This book cannot-  fail to be of great value to all in the study of the series of S. S. Lessons on Religious Liberty for the last three months of 1895. It was not wr tten to go with these lessons, but it is fortunate and timely that it should be pub-lished at this time. "THE RIGHTS OF THE PEOPLE" contains fifteen chap-ters, the following being a portion, of the chapter headings :Š Christianity and the Roman EmpireŠWhatris dne', to God and What to CesarŠThe Powers That :BeŠHow:the United State Became a Christian NationŠWhat Is the Nation IŠWho Made the Nation 1ŠReligious Right in the United StatesŠReligious Right InvadedŠThe People's Right of AppealŠNational Precedent on Right of Appeal ŠSunday-law Movement in the Fourth Century and Its Parallel in the NineteenthŠWill the People Assert and Maintain Their Rights:IŠReligious Rights in the States. In the four appendixes to the book are given th, Declaration of IndependenceŠThe Constitution of the United.  StatesŠThe Drell Scott Decision, and the "Christian Nation" Decision, This is a book of permanent value for reference and study a^d one that all should possess. It contains 354 pages with several illustrations, is issued as No. 32 of the Religious Lib-erty Library, and is bound in paper covers. Price 40 cents, A Finer Edition on laid paper is also ready. It is neatly bound in cloth, Price One Dollar. Address all orders to PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 43 Bond St., New York 18 W. Fifth St, Kansas City, Mo. 12th & Castro Sts. Oakland, Cal. IS THE 'P.APA_CY  IN PktOPTAP:CYP By the Rev. Thomas W. Haskins, M. A., Rector Christ Church, Los Angeles, Cal. The above is the title of a treatise written by the author, at the request of the Ministerial Union of Los Angeles, California. It grew out of a discussion upon the present aspect and aims of The Roman Catholic Church in the United States, the author taking the ground that the rise, progress, present and future condition of the temporal power ?::.own as the Papacy or Vatic..nism, Is Outlined in the Prophecies cf L'oly Scriptures, with sufficient ac uraey to determine what the " Papacy " is and what is to Le its future development and ultimate end. Paper Covers, 25e. PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 43 Bond St., New York. Oakland, Cal. Kansas City, Mo Large Type For Those with Poor Eyesight We have many inquiries for a Bible of con-venient size to use and carry, and with large clear print. The Bible, specimen type of which is shown below, we think will meet the require-ments of the case. (Specimen of type shows only one column of the Bible. It is a two-column hook like most Bibles, the full size of page being 572  x 858 in.) Persons desiring such a Bible as The burnt offering EXOD 32 And Aaron and his sons shall eat the flesh of the ram, and the bread that is in the basket, by the door of the tabernacle of the con-gregation. 33 And they shall eat those things wherewith the atonement Specimen of Small Pica Type in Bible No. 1730. this are usually elderly persons, andwant simply the Scriptures themselves, without helps or refer-ences. This Bible contains a Family Register, Tables of Weights and Measures, and 16 excel-lent Maps, but has no references or other addi-tional matter. It is printed from clear, new, small pica type, and is bound in French Morocco, limp round corners and has gilt edges. S-11 t postpaid on receipt of price. Order by number. 1}R ICE : No. 1730. French Morocco, Limp Covers, Round Cor-ners, Side and Back Title in Gold, Gilt Edges, Postpaid, $2.00. Address, PACIFIC PRBSS PUBLISHING Co. 43 Bond St., New York. Oakland, Cal. Kansas City, Mo The story of PITCAIRN ISLAND. (SECOND EDITION.) BY ROSALIND AMELIA YOUNG A Native Dtiughter. Pitcairn Island, one of the volcanic gems of the Pacific, has been heard of wherever the English language has been spoken. The story of the working out of the problem of human life on its limited territory reads stranger and more thrillingly in many respects than a romance. But most, if not all, of the tales told and books printed have either been too fragmentary or incorrect and misleading. It will be interesting to the friends of that miniature world to know that an authentic history has been written, and that by a native of the island, one to the manor born Miss Rosa Young is one of the direct descendants of the mutineers of the Bounty. The book is a plain, unvar-nished tale of Pitcairn and its inhabitants from its settlement to the year 1894, It is written with a charming simplicity of style which refreshes the reader and invites a continual peru-sal. Illustrated with 26 engravings by the half-tone process, and its 23 chapters have each a neatly engraved heading. Price, - - - $1.00 PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Bond Street, New York City. Ł RELIGIOUS INTOLERANCE. [Democrat, Yolo, Cal., Dec. 26, 1805.], A DAY or so ago we made reference to the coming to this country' of Dr. Ahlwhardt, the Jew baiter, at the same time deprecating the attempts he will make to arouse race prejudices and stir up religious intolerances. In a country like ours and a day and age so enlightened it is inexplicable that an at-tempt to interfere with religious freedom should make any headway. Our forefathers came to this country to escape from the hate, tyranny, and ,persecu-tion of religious bigotry. It is astounding that their decendants will permit persecution for no other offense than that people claim the right to worship God in their own way. The Jews are not the only victims of the spirit of intolerance and bigotry that seems to be gaining ground all over the United States. There are States in the Union where Seventh-day Adventists are thrown into prison and subjected to all manner of insults, hu-miliations and inconveniences because they choose to observe the Mosaic Sabbath as a day of rest and to work on the first day of the week. Even in localities where such puritanical laws are enforced, it is not pretended that the Adventists are not quiet, unostentatious, orderly, sober and industrious. It is not even denied that they refrain from all kinds of unnecessary secular labor on the seventh day and keep it sacred to religious duties and divine worship. To imprison them under such circumstances is nothing short of punishment for coh-science's sake, and that is abhorrent to the principles of religious freedom upon which our form of government is founded. There are many well-meaning people who hold that the Adventists have nobody to blame but themselves. They contend that it is the law of the land and should be en-forced and if Adventists do not like it they have the privilege of going where such laws do not prevail. It may be the law of States, but it is law without constitutional authority, for our organic law guarantees to every man, woman and child the right to worship God according to the dictates of conscience. Let us suppose that the Adventists were numerically strong enough to enact laws for-bidding secular labor on Saturday. There is not a Christian in the United States who would not protest that such laws would be tyrannical, intolerant, unjust, fit only for 