irkiE AM_ERICAN 149 can, of course, never be fully realized, however much we aim at that quality; but can we not at least note the rocks on which other ships have been stranded and steer clear of them ? Can we not preserve the freedom of our Government ? Finally, when we sum up the good and evil effects of puritanism, and while con-ceding the existence of the former, we look behind them for the motives which actuated their causes, and see selfishness, self-righteousness, lack of charity, perse-cution of countrymen, do we not fear that judgment from on high, " Weighed in the balance and found wanting " ? for "by their fruits ye shall know them." JESSIE 0. BARBER. Ann Arbor, Mich. Compulsion. AN infidel once said, " It is hard for a Christian to be tolerant; " and why should he have said it but for the fact that so many so-called. Christians have been, and are now intolerant? And so learned and eminent a man and historian as Macaulay, has said, " the doctrine of all sects, when condensed into a few words, is simply this, ' I am in the right and you in the wrong. When, you are the stronger, you ought to tolerate me, for it is your duty to tolerate the truth; but when I am the stronger, I shall persecute you, for it is my duty to perse-cute error.'" Macaulay judged as the in-fidel did; he judged all Christians by the tendencies and acts of the most numerous, wealthy, learned and influential bodies of so-called Christian men, and hence his conclusion; and it will be the conclusion of all thinking men. But the truth is that no real Christian can be .intolerant, because it is a fundamental principle of Christianity " that all things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them,' (Matt. vii.) and "as ye would that men should do to you, do ye also to them likewise." Luke vi. And Christ said, also, " Behold I send you forth as sheep in the midst of wolves: be ye therefore wise as serpents and harmless as doves." Matt. x. What Primitive Baptist would persecute any man for his religion, however errone-ous he might know it to be ? There is not one that would. There is not a Prim-itive Baptist church anywhere that would held a member in fellowship who would join in burning or destroying the property or otherwise injuring a Roman Catholic on account of his religion. Not one would ; though knowing, at the same time, that the Catholics have in the past, hanged, drawn, and quartered many of our breth-ren. Stephen called down the blessing of God upon those who stoned him to death, and Christ prayed for those who crucified him. Surely the religion of Christ is not of this world. No body of Christians can, in Christ's pirit, seek by law or force to harm any  class of men, whether believers or unbe-lievers either in person or property. But all denominations of Christians in this country, so far as I know, except the Primitive Baptist, seek to mix, to some extent, Church and State. They all favor chaplains in the Federal and State Legis-latures, men who are paid to pray by the civil GovernmentŠpaid by taxing Jews and unbelievers as well as believers. It is superfluous to ask if that is according to Christian principle, for it is too plain that it is not. They also favor the ex-emption of all church property from taxa-tion, which is just, as far- as religious people are concerned, but it is not just to citizens professing no religion. Christ did not design that his religion should be a burden to any man, nor can Christians in his spirit make it so. The Ohio Supreme Court held (Ameri-can Law Register), " that there is no such thing as religion of State.' " " When Christianity," continues the Court, " asks the aid of Government beyond a mere impartial protection, it disowns itself. Its laws are divine, not human; its essential interests lie beyond the reach and range of human governments. United with gov-ernment, religion never rises beyond the merest superstition; united with religion, government never rises above the merest despotism; and allhistory shows that the more widely and completely government and religion are separated, the better it is for both. If it be true that our law en-joins the teaching of the Christian religion in the public schools, surely all the teach-ers should be Christians. Were I such a teacher, while I should instruct the pupils that the Christian religion was true, and all other religions false, I should tell them that the law (the law requiring religion to be.taught in the schools) itself was an un-christian law. One of my first lessons would be to show the pupils that it was unchristian, and that lesson would be, "whatsoeVer ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them." I could not look the veriest infidel or heathen in the face and say that such a law was just; I should have to tell them it was an out-growth of false Christianity, and not one of the `lights' which believers are to shed upon an unbelieving world." How then can Christians ask, according to Christ's teachings, for their church property to be exempt from taxation ? or, in, other words, how can they ask that non-professing tax-payers be taxed to sup-port their religion ? That certainly is not Christian . . . Now consider the value of all the church property of all the de-nominations in the United States, of the Episcopalians, Methodists, Catholics, Bap-tists, Presbyterians, and running up in value to hundreds upon hundreds of mil-lions of dollars, exempt from taxation, and the deficiency, aggregating millions of dollars, that is forced out of the non-professing tax-payers to -support the so- called religion of Christ, and that in a Government boasting of religious liberty, and a complete separation of Church and State! I confess that it may seem .that these things are too trifling and unimportant to notice; but when we consider their ten-dency, they become matters of grave im-port to lovers of real Christianity and re-ligious liberty, as well as lovers of free government, whether religious or irrelig-ious. It was the beast that had two horns like a lamb that spake as a dragon. Rev. xiii.ŠR. in Gospel Messenger, Primitive Baptist. Going too Far. REFERRING to a quotation from the ed-itor of Freethought to the effect that " the Government of Mexico to-day is the most liberal Government on the face of the earth," Mr. Hugh 0. Pentecost says :Š To substantiate this statement Mr. Putnam relates that a " vast amount of church property has been confiscated. . . . Convents are forbidden. The clericals are not allowed to wear the official garb on the streets. They must dress like other folks. They can not perform a legal marriage." I judge from this that if the Mexican officials should drive the church people out of the country, or make it a capital offense to be a Christian, the Mexican Gov-ernment might be considered still more liberal. Is the kind of tyranny Mr. Putnam describes his idea of being liberal ? On Mr. Putnam's own showing the Mexican Government is exceedingly illiberal toward the Catholic Church, quite as illiberal as that church is toward other people. What right should a government have to confis-cate church property, or forbid priests to dress as they please, or not recognize the legality of the marriage they solemnize ? The Liberals of the United States would do well to regard Mexico as missionary ground, on which to teach the first prin-ciples of liberalism, rather than to regard it as the most liberal country in the world. Fie upon liber-ality that does not concede to the Church liberty to exist and work without governmental interference of any kind! There should be no statutes either favoring or oppressing the Church. It should be given a fair field in which to play its part in this world. I regard the Church as an unmitigated evil, and, as an institution, have a cordial dislike to it, but as long as public opinion can sustain such an institu-tion its right to exist should be recognized and con-tended for first of all by Liberals. While we have a Government, the utmost that a Liberal should ask of it with regard to the Church is that it should extend it no official aid. While other property is taxed church property should be taxed, but no leg-islative discrimination should be made against the Church. If the priests like to wear their absurd petticoats who should object ? And if persons Wish priests to marry them, whose affair is it but that of the contracting parties ? All of this, with the exception of Mr. Pentecost's expression of dislike for the Church, we regard as good sense. There is by far too much of the "liberalism " that smiles upon an opposition to religion. All should remember that it is no more the province of government to oppose re-ligion than it is to foster it. A THANKLESS task has he who tries To chip and model The world to just the form and size Of his own noddle. ŠTrotofridge. 