22 AMERICAN SENTINEL. the prison, was supposed to be safely in the grasp of the civil power. Indeed, on the last night of his confinement, no doubt was entertained Of the apostle suffering on the morrow at the hands of an excited populace. Everything was ready for the autodate, and there was great expec-tation on the part of those who were preparing to wit-ness it. But on the very eve of the anticipated tragedy, an arm was outstretched to stay and frustrate the plans of the civil power. In answer to the united prayers of the church for deliverance, God sent an angel from heaven to strike off the prisoner's chains, and lead him forth to liberty. It surely cannot be said that, on that occasion, God took the side of Peter, and against the civil decree be-cause the form of religion which was sought to be upheld by coercion was not heaven-born. No, indeed; for the Jews received their forms of worship directly from God. And although the measure about to be executed was highly pleasing to the chosen people of heaven, yet God opposed it with the might of an angel of light. It may be suggested, however, that God's attitude on that oc-casion was solely because his people had forsaken his ways. Exactly so. Had they retained the spirit by which they were called to be God's people, they would not have been found uniting with the civil -power to de stroy a fellow man, simply because his religious convic-tions did not coincide with their own; and the same is true to-day of any people who claim, as did the Jews, to be specially favored of heaven. The very fact of their uniting with the civil power to restrain others in the matter of conscience, is the best of evidence that they, too, like their prototypes of old, have wandered from the ways of Him who said, "If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge hina.not; for I came npt to judge the world, but to save the world." John 12:47. How much more Christlike it would be, if all professed Christians would unite to save sinners, a work which God upholds, rather than to call upon the courts of the land to condemn them, a work which Christ affirms he did not come to do or sanction. It has been the work of Satan from the first to find fault with and condemn others on religious lines. Should God uphold the civil power in doing the same, he would thus sustain Satan in his work, and so divide his kingdom against itself, which would bring about its speedy dissolution. We may, therefore, rest assured that God is not in any move looking toward the church sustaining the ciyil power in making statutes to regulate forms of religion. J. O. C. MR. J. N. DEvEliEArx, of Packer, S. D., a warm and appreciated friend of the SENTINEL, sends us twelve sub- scriptions to the paper, with this note appended : am sorry the list is not a larger one, but it is the best I could do. When I was in the army during the late war, I some-times would catch a sentinel asleep on guard, but I must say I have never caught the kMERICAN SENTINEL napping. It always gives the alarm in season, but the sad feature  of the situation is that the majority will sleep on heedless of the warning till it is too late to do them any good." Church and State in the Society Islands.ŠNo. 2. BY B. J. CADY. IT is said that the natives of the Society Islands im-proved in every way for the first few years after embrac-ing Christianity, but, as time passed by, formality took the place of true, Christian devotion. About ffity`years ago, the French took possession of two of the largest islands, doing away with their reli-gious laws. Every one was left free to do and believe as he pleased, so long as the civil laws were not violated. GROUP OF NATIVE CHILDREN. One might fish, trade, buy or sell, stay at home, ow at-tend church upon Sunday. It soon became apparent that many had refrained from work and had attended church on Sunday more from fear of the laws of the land than that God would be displeased with them. As soon as the law was repealed, church members, and nearly every-body, would not only cook, but do their marketing upon that day. In Tahiti, Sunday is the great market day, when it is customary for all who live near enough to go to the mar-ket in the morning, some to sell and others to buy. It is the day of all days when the people spend their time in festivities. Many go to church in the morning, and then spend the afternoon and evening in drinking and making 