72 AIME CA.N SIEIVT" FINTIHAL. VoL. 8, No. 9. NEW YORK, MARCH 2, 1893. NoTx.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE Directors of the World's Fair have issued regulations requiring the closing of the gates on Sunday, and it is reported that the House Committee on the World's Fair decided Feb. 20, to make an end of all effort towards the repeal or modification of the Sunday-closing law. If that be so the die is cast; this is a Church and State Government without possibility of recall. That which was to be now is. IN the last congressional hearing, on the Sunday closing of the World's Fair, Joseph Cook closed his remarks with this rhetorical burst: Š Sunday is the tallest white angel now entering heathen lands. Shall Chicago and other cities be allowed to stab that angel in the back, and will the statue of Liberty on this dome be called down to assist in the murder ? The fact is far otherwise. Liberty has been stabbed at the foot of her statue, and thus this Brutus would preach her funeral oration. THE New York Observer says edito-rially : " The question whether theWorld's Fair shall be opened or closed on Sundays 'is one world-wide and age-lasting in its importance." This is true, but not in the way the Observer understands it. The decision of this question, as it has been decided, marks the downfall of the correct and just principles of civil government in the only Nation which has ever espoused them. Their espousal and their defense will never be undertaken by another government. INTOLERANT views as to the enforcement of Sunday laws are not confined to the county papers of Tennessee; the Lowell Morning Mail, of Lowell, Mass., in its issue of Feb. 2, has this editorial item :Š Seventh-day Adventists are on trial at Paris for violating Tennessee's Sunday law, and threaten, if found guilty to test the constitutionality of the law in the United States Supreme Court. By the will of the majority in both Church and State the first day of the week is Sunday. The majority rules in this country and if the Constitution doesn't support their views they can fix it so that it will. The American Sunday must be preserved. It would seem that the entire creed of the Morning Mail is " when you are in Rome do as the Romans do." Yet it is not usual for those who profess that creed to express it with quite the vim and inten-sity usdd in this item. The doctrine of the sacredness of the religion of the ma-jority, or of the reigning creed necessarily results in this, however; so the unavoid- able conclusion is that whether the Morn-ing Mail professes Christianity, Moham-medanism, Buddhism, Shintoism or pa-ganism complete, simply depends on its environment, and it would be equally intolerant professing either. IN Cleveland, Ohio, the park commis-sioners have not allowed skating on the lake in the park, the past winter. Sleigh-riding on Euclid Avenue was not inter-fered with, neither was the passage of sleighing parties through the park, but a small boy could not draw his own sled on the park roadways or ponds, or propel himself on skates. The action is totally without authority, but was supposed to have been taken in deference to the reli-gious feelings of residents in sight of the park, who felt their devotional spirit dis-turbed by the sight of the skaters and small boys with their hand sleds. It is coming to be understood that subservience to the religious prejudices of the so-called orthodox are to be enforced either with or without law. THERE is in New Orleans a bitter con-test between the judicial and executive branches of the municipal government in reference to the enforcement of the Sun-day law. The Mayor and the police force have refused to make arrests. The Dis-trict-Attorney has determined that they shall, under the alternative of arrest them-selves,Šand began his campaign by arrest-ing and putting under bonds the Chief-of-Police himself. The Mayor and Chief are supported by the majority of the people. This is another phase of the same contest which is going on at Denver, in reference to the Sunday closing of theatres. In both cases the minority is determined to coerce the majority into obedience to a religious law which had long been a dead letter, and should have been expunged from the statute books. IN Denver the theatres are now open on Sunday night with crowded houses. Whatever harm there is in them has been multiplied by the efforts to close them. The immediate result in New Orleans of the conflict between the different branches of the municipal government as to Sun-day closing has resulted in a silent Sun-day, temporarily. The minority will not coerce the majority long in either place. The great reckless majority will, for the time at least, have its own way. Those who will suffer are the few conscientious Bible Christians, as in Tennessee and Arkansas. A New Orleans exchange is opposed to the Sunday lawŠ because it believes it to be unconstitutional; be-cause it considers it an abridgment of political liberties, and because such laws as the Sunday law is a step towards governmental interference in that religious freedom which the framers of the foun-dation of this great and glorious Republic so fully guaranteed. . . . If the question could be pre-sented to the State and United States Supreme  Court on the constitutional question and not upon mere legal technicalities, there would be a decision against the Sunday law. Let those interested try it. This editor has not read the decision of Justice Brewer that this is " a Christian Nation." It will be a surprise to him when he learns that a religious minority has captured the judicial, legislative, and executive branches of this Government, and that it is already using its power to terrorize the many as in New Orleans and Denver, and elsewhere, and to prosecute the few as in Tennessee. There is a great surprise in store for many citizens of this United States. THE Christian at Work, February 2, says :Š The election of Mr. Edward Murphy to the Sen-ate of the United States from New York, and the election of M. S. Quay to the Senate from the State of Pennsylvania mark the lowest depths to which machine politics have reduced the two largest States in the Union. More might be said, but more is not necessary. This is significant in view of the fact that one of the men mentioned is the special champion of the Sunday closing of the World's Fair, taking high religious grounds upon that question and appealing to the fourth commandment of the divine law as the warrant for closing the gates of the Exposition on that day. For this action, this man who is now held forth as one of the most corrupt of politicians, was, only a short time since, lauded almost to the skies by the Christian Statesman, and his re-election to the United States Senate was heralded as a victory for the " Amer-ican Sabbath "! THE Sunday question has been system-atically agitated by the ministers of Maine throughout their State and in the legislature the past winter. At the autumn meetings of several religious denominations a union committee was appointed to secure " better Sunday legis-lation." Circulars and blank petitions in large numbers were sent out. A bill was presented to the legislature, and intro-duced, regulating Sunday traffic, prohib-iting the running of railroad trains, steam-boat excursions, etc., on Sunday. Their intent, was, as they said, to bring about " a return to the typical New England observance of the Lord's day." The bill was referred to the legislative Committee on Legal Affairs, and a hearing given on the subject February 7. A presentation of both sides of the question resulted in the defeat of the bill. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. &tingle copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per Tear, - - 90c. 44 25 to 99 " " " "- - - 80c. CC 100 to 249 " " " " 44 - 75c. " 250 to 499 " " " " " - - - 70c. 64 500 to 999 ,, 44 66 44 .. 65e. 1000 or more 4, 64 46-  60c. To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5-  shillings. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 