48 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, Vol. 4, No. 6. 71112e ogn2sericaR geOiRel. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, FEBRUARY 27, 1889. NOTE.ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. IT is not toleration which is established -in our system, but religious equality.Šiudge Cooley. Ł Ł  0 "HUMAN tribunals for the consciences of men, are impious encroachments upon the prerogatives of God." 0 Ł 0 SECULAR power has proved a Satanic gift to the church, and ecclesiestical power has proved an engine of tyranny in the hands of the State. ŠDr. Schaff, in Church and State in the U. S., p..11. 0, Ł 0 THE Wellsboro (Penn.) Republican Advocate, of January 30, contains a column article which gives a very fair view of the work of the National Reform Association, and the editor says of it: "This subject is well worth discussion, and the columns of the Republican Advocate are open to communications for or against the Amendment." We are glad to see this matter agitated; it is fast becoming the leading question of the day. THE president of the Woman's Christian Tem-perance Union of Reading, Pa., has issued an ap-peal to the pastors and churches of that city, asking them all to co-operate in a Sunday crusade. She says: "Can we pray, Thy kingdom come, and not lift our arm to strike at the wrong?" which shows again that the effort to enact and enforce Sunday laws is simply the outcome of the Na-tional Reform idea that men are to act as the vicegerents of Christ in establishing his kingdom. THE Oakland Herald of Truth (Baptist) has this to say on the matter of Sunday laws:Š "So far as the legal Sabbath is concerned, in California or elsewhere, for purposes of worship, we are afraid that no restriction of law will ever meet the case. If one law passes in the name of religion, another one may pass. If Protestants and Roman Catholics join hands for protection in one case religiously, a bad religious precedent may exist, from which the untrammeled conscience of the Protestant world sometime may wish it was historically free." Of all people in the world, the Baptists ought to be opposed to any attempt to legislate on re-ligious subjects. THE Rev. W. F. Crafts is nothing if not a pol-itician. The Baltimore Sun of January 16, has the following, which shows his activity:Š " The Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts, field secretary of the American Sabbath Union, came to Baltimore yesterday, was the guest of Prof. Richard T. Ely, of the Johns Hopkins University, at dinner, called to see Cardinal Gibbons in the afternoon, presided at an informal meeting of Baltimore preachers at  the Y. M. C. A. hall, and was the guest of the Rev. Dr. Frank M, Ellis, pastor of the Eutaw Place Baptist Church, and vice-president of the Associa-tion for Maryland, in the evening. The Rev. Mr. Crafts is in Baltimore in the interest of the Sun-day-Rest bill, now before Congress, and at the meet-ing of the preachers in the evening urged them to use all the means in their power to have the bill passed and made a law." THE English Lord Stanhope, in a spdech in the House of Lords in 1827, on the Bill for the Re-peal of the Test and Corporation Acts, said: " The time was, when toleration was craved by dissenters as a boon; it is now demanded as right; but a time will come when it will be spurned as an insult." What other nations call religious toleration, we call religious rights. They are not exercised in virtue of governmental indulgence, but as rights, of which government cannot deprive any portion of citizens, however small. Despotic power may in-vade those rights, but justice still confirms them.ŠReport of Senate Committee on Post-offices ancr Post-roads, 1828. THERE is a very great difference between tol-eration and liberty. Toleration is a concession which may be withdrawn ; it implies a preference for the ruling form of faith and worship, and a practical disapproval of all other forms. It may be coupled with many restrictions and disabili-ties. We tolerate what we dislike, but cannot alter; we tolerate even a nuisance, if we must. Acts of toleration are wrung from a government by the force of circumstances and the power of a minority too strong to be disregarded.ŠDr. Philip Schaff. THE Leavenworth (Kansas) Standard speaks of petitions that are being circulated in that city, asking Congress not to pass any bill in regard to the observance of the Sabbath -or any other re-ligious or ecclesiastical institution or rite, etc., and says:Š "Senator Blair's Sunday-Law bill, which has passed to a third reading in the Senate, prohibits railway trains, the mails, labor, games, military parades or inspection, and pretty much everything else that people care to do on Sunday, except go to church. The object of the petition is to defeat the passage of this and other similar measures, and to prevent insane fanaticism from destroying the work of Washington, Jefferson, and the other fathers of the Republic." The Standard has taken the measure of the bill very accurately. We are glad of this, for only those who know what would be the result of its passage can successfully oppose it. • Ł 0 The Blair Sunday Rest Bill. THIS is the name of a 56-page pamphlet just issued by the Pacific Press Publishing Company. It is a clear, concise history of the attempts to se-cure National legislation in regard to Sunday, and especially of the causes which led to the in-troduction of the Blair bill. The bill is given in full, both in its original form and with the changes desired by the "National Sabbath Asso-ciation." A brief analysis is also given, and an account of the formation of the "National Sabbath Committee," and Union. Considerable space is devoted to showing the nature of the bill, and to a consideration of the effect it would have if it should become a law. The means by which the bill has been pushed,  and the character of the work, are dwelt on at some length. Altogether the little pamphlet will be found to give a good outline of the rise and progress of the present Sunday agitation, and will afford a good basis from which to study the whole question. Numerous quotations are made, and the exact reference given in every instance, so that every fact stated may be fully verified. To those who are canvassing for the AMERICAN SENTINEL, or for signatures to petitions in behalf of religious liberty, or are engaged in any branch of anti-National Reform work, this pamphlet will be indispensable. Everybody who is interested in the matter of Sunday legislation, which is getting to be the great question of the day, should get the book and study it. Friends and enemies of the Blair Sun-day-Rest Bill, will alike find it useful in enabling them to understand the exact facts, so that they can argue intelligently upon it. This pamphlet is one of a regular series of semi-monthly publications issued by the Pacific Press Publishing Co., upon the first and fifteenth of each month, commencing January 1, 1889, and treating upon the various phases of the National Reform Movement, the Union of Church and State, and Civil and Religious Liberty. The series will be issued under the general title of "THE SENTINEL LIBRARY," and will be regularly en-' tered at the post-office as second-class matter; so that News Agents can re-mail them at the regular pound rates. Each number will contain a telling treatise upon some branch or phase of the work. The Library will be uniform in size (page about 5x72 inches), each number containing from 8 to 56 pages or more. Subscription price, 25 num-bers, 75 cents per year, post-paid. Single num-bers at the rate of one cent for each 8 pages, post-paid. The first five numbers are now ready. No. 1 entitled, " The National Reformed Constitution," gives a view of our Constitution as it will appear when amended to conform to the views of Na-tional Reformers, 24 pages, price, three cents, post-paid. No. 2 entitled, " Religious Liberty," con-tains Senator Robert H. Crockett's famous speech before the Arkansas Legislature, 8 pages, price one cent, post-paid. No. 3 is entitled, "The Dills of Religious Legislation," 8 pages, price one cent, post-paid. No. 4 contains "The Blair Sunday-Rest Bill," as noticed above, 56 pages, price seven cents, post-paid. No. 5 will contain " The Blair Educational Amendment Bill," with comments, showing the tendency which the passage of this bill will have toward the establishment of a Na-tional Religion. Orders for single numbers, or subscriptions for the year, should be addressed to Pacific Press Publishing Co., 12th and Cas-tro Sreets, Oakland, Cal., or 43 Bond Street, New York City. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civilŁ and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - - $1.00. In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 55. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1050 Castro St., OAKLAND, CAL. 0 Ł 0 THE proper object of government is to protect all persons in the enjoyment of their religious as well as civil rights, and not to determine for any whether they shall esteemŁ one day above another, or esteem all days alike holy.Šlion. Richard ill Johnson, 1828. 