AMERICAN SENTINEL. 19 Ł Dangerous Models. THE Endeavor Herald remarks:Š "The old Puritans would have made good members of our citizenship committees. They had the courage of their convictions, and advanced to the attack of any-thing which they regarded as evil with a confidence of victory that is inspiring." Thus the Endeavorers adopt the Puritans as their model and their ways as their example in the matter of citizenship. And then they think themselves very much outraged when we say that their Endeavor citizenship movement means the union of church and state with its essential accompanimentsŠreligious despotism and per-secution! There is nothing truer nor more palpable in history than that the principles of government and citizenship of the "old Puritans" were essentially theocratical, and their practices therein essentially despotic and persecut-ing. With them and in their government no man could be a citizen of the commonwealth except he be a member of the Puritan Church. Members of other churches were persecuted to death. All this is notorious. And it is equally notorious that as to government and citizenship these are the only principles that received any recogni-tion from them. And yet the Christian Endeavorers who now propose to remodel citizenship and reform the na-tion, adopt these same theocratic, despotic, and perse-cuting Puritans as their model, and publish to the Amer-ican people that "the old Puritans would have made good members of our citizenship committees ;" and de-clare that the way in which these old Puritans did these things "is inspiring"! Any governmental or citizenship movement of which the old Puritans would be a good Tart, is surely only to be dreaded by everybody who has any respect for either Christianity or humanity. And any inspiration that can be derived from either their principles or their practices can be nothing short of an inspiration to op-pression and persecution, to death and destruction. It has been well remarked that "if we are to be prof-ited by the past, it is essential that we should study our history honestly and impartially. We cannot be true to ourselves if we begin by being false with our predecessors. If we credit them with motives they did not feel and could not have understood; if we claim for them things which they never accomplished; if we defend their inde-fensible acts; if we seek to prove them in the right when they were in the wrong in their behaviour toward others, Šit will follow that we will deal likewise in our own case, and prove dishonest and tricky as a nation and in our personal transactions." "We regret to read of the ban-ishment of Quakers and the expulsion of `papists' from soil procured for the settlers by one of the best papists and best men that ever lived. But the American patriot's cheek never kindles with shame till the story of the New England Puritans is told. Theirs alone is the dishonor of the torture, the mutilation, and the scaffold." No man will ever be better, nor ever do better, than his chosen model. So long as "the old Puritans" shall be 'the chosen models of the Christian Endeavorers in government and citizenship, it is certain that every move-ment that they make in matters of government and citi-zenship will be a positive menace to free government and American citizenship, and is to be dreaded and opposed as such. And as just now the Christian Endeavorers are the leading and controlling influence among the National Reform elements of the country, so long as they hold "the old Puritans" as their models, they need to be care-fully watched by the whole. American people, in the inter- ests of true Christian and civil liberty. A. T. J. The Individual vs. the Masses. BY MRS. S. M. I. HENRY. WHENEVER we lose sight of the divine ideal, we begin to drop below the level of success, especially in handling the Word of God and dealing with souls. Satan is al-ways anxious to make us think that we can improve on the old methods which Christ employed, or that the times have so changed that the old ways must be changed to suit them. He is very anxious that the "good things" which are ground out in the study of the average preacher should get before the people; he believes in a gospel that will draw and a crowd that can be drawn this way and that. He has so far succeeded in popularizing the gospel that it has come to be a serious problem how we can get rid of the crowd, to which the truth can never mean any-thing, and find the individual who is starving for it. We hear a great deal about "reaching the masses." "The masses" is as illusive as a swamp full of will-o'-the-wisps. It may seem to be just within reach, but "when you put your hand on it, it isn't there." What belongs to "the masses" belongs to no man. To send the gospel to the masses is like shoveling sand into the sea. Before any man can become a true witness for the truth or a soul winner, he must get the idea of the masses out of his head, the word out'of his vocabulary, the hunger for the crowd out of his heart, and come to recognize the individual in all his aloneness. Truth is a turnstile that has a way of its own of dealing with the crowd. It may pack up against it by the thou-sands, but must come through one by one. Christ came to save a lost world by saving the lost individual. The multitude followed him and hung upon his words, but were reduced to individuals by the glance of his eye and the touch that healed. It was always one by one that he reproved, comforted, and pardoned. No man is ever truly saved until he recognizes himself, in his relation to God, as entirely separate from every other individual, and that Christ died for him alone; that he is the man who made necessary all the expensive work of redemption. He will never be "firm in the truth" until he learns to stand alone with God and be strong and 