-k.,,_ŁN . ,, Cannot -:.Ł*,Ł but A  , "Christian Work" Thrill the Heart Ni 41 : 1  .4 Reader" 0:69. '''4,.........,,,,,O.' LOOKING UNTO  UNTO JESUS. The object of this book is to teach us to look unto Jesus from every scriptural point of view. It treats espe-cially of the present posi-tion and work of our Lord in the Heavenly Sanct-uaryŠa theme of interest to every Christian. Is what the (New York City) of the says of our ŠNEW BOOKŠ AMERICAN SENTINEL. 98 came to the door; but instead of letting Peter in, she rushed back to tell the people Peter was at the gate. That's just like a girl, for all the world. I've seen girls act just as impulsively and unreasonable. This part of the story struck me as rather comical. The brethren, instead of going to the door, argued that it could not be Peter, but his angel. And yet they had been praying for his deliverance! Did you ever hear of worse incon-sistency ?" "Faithless human nature, Aleck. 0, how slow.  we are to really take in the idea that God hears and answers prayer. When the answer comes we are still unbelieving and ungrateful." "However, Peter was persistent. He pounded away, and finally they let him in. They had substantial evi-dence that it was really Peter. He rehersed the story, told them to go and tell the other brethren, and then he hurried out of the place. Aleck, with such a deliverance as he had had, why did he need to leave the place?" - "He was acting wisely in so doing, and in harmony with the Saviour's instruction, i When they persecute you in city one, flee to another.' Peter's remarkable ex-perience must have strengthened the church." "It did. Herod died soon after, being eaten of worms, and the next verse says, The word of God grew and multiplied.' You see, Cecil, the testimony of history is, that persecution, or prosecution as men would call it, does not hinder the growth of truth. I am looking for the manifestation of real vitality among true Christians, when persecution breaks out against them." "Aleck, you are forever hinting about persecution. Some time, I hope, you'll explain what you mean. Something that would give me a vital sense of the need of God's protection and help, is just what I am looking for to make me step over the line." " That something will not long be lacking. But you may prove it by following the rule laid down by Paul, ' Whoever will live godly in Christ Jesus, shall suffer persecution.' " F. E. B. THE SIMPLICITY VAPORIZER is A GENUINE VAPORIZER, not an ordinary atomizer. It converts medicines into vapor, thus every passage of the respiratory organs is reached and the disease SPEEDILY RELIEVED. Treatment by this method for CATARRH, BRONCHITIS, COUGHS. COLDS, ASTHMA. and all diseases of the Respiratory Organs is recommended by eminent physicians. Sent with medicine postpaid on receipt of $1.50. Mention disease. Satisfaction guaranteed. A. HALLETT, 39 Bond St., N. V. D. V. Mansfield, Conklin, Mich., writes: I received the Vaporizer and am well satisfied. It is helping my cough, and I will recommend it to others. A Card. To all interested in carrying the gospel ofJesusOhrist to the inhabitants of other lands and who desire to assist in supporting missionaries already placed and others who may engage in the work, the opportunity is given to make an offering to the Foreign Mission Board of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination. Such donations should be sent to W. H. Edwards, the Treasurer of the Board, 1730 North Fifteenth Street, Philadelphia, Pa. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write Names Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bang Draft on New York. Personal cheeks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. AM  F. RICAN S   1-i]NTIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom-promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, Single Copy, Per Year $1.00. " Six months .50. Three months .25. ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St, New York. Cloth edition, beautifully bound in buckram, cover printed in four colors, postpaid, - $1.00 Presentation edition, gold side stamp, gold edges, a very acceptable present, postpaid, $5.50 ADDRESS, CIPIC PRESS PlETR. CO., 39 Bond St., New York. Kansas City, Mo. Oakland, Cal. 