l'i==M AMERICAN SENTINEL. 210 the pupils of such schools, is an entirely proper one. It is also a just request to make as regards all private schools. That the pupil should give an ascertained amount of time to educational purposes is all that law can properly ask, the selection of the time to be used belongs with the pupil, his parents, or guardian. The second demand, for the omission of requirements as to the attendance of pupils upon a stated school, certainly strikes at the assumption of an unwar-ranted, despotic authority. As far as parochial or private schools are concerned the law may not discriminate, the choice of the pupil and the parent can not be in-terfered with, and certainly the State may not require attendance upon its schools to the exclusion of private or parochial in-struction. The third point made that the State should not assume any supervision of pa-rochial schools, or require them to subject themselves to its approval, is just. The authority of the State to supervise ex-tends only to the schools of the State, the assumption of any such authority beyond that is without right. The fourth suggestion that a compul-sory school law should not specify in what branches or languages instruction should be given, although it will no doubt rouse a prejudiced opposition in the minds of some, is a perfectly proper point to make as regards the constitution of a general law. The fear of the dominance of a for-eign language is not worthy of consider-ation. It is purely chimmrical,---a phan-tasy having its origin in race prejudice unworthy of that enlightenment which is the purpose of the State in promoting education. Compulsory education by the State has in view the attainment of a cer-tain mental development and degree of culture among its citizens for the best in-terests and preservation of the State; but it may not, as it can not in fact, establish a cast-iron educational mold to which every prospective citizen shall be fitted. The establishment of a curriculum in State schools is as far as it can go in this direction. It can not require that the de-gree of mental development and intellect-ual force desired shall be attained through the use of this curriculum, and no other. The fifth and sixth clauses of the reso-lution deal with the relations of parent and child. With the general :principle of non-interference here, no one, certainly, can have any quarrel. The only earthly sovereigns, ruling by divine right, are parents. Upon them, and not the State, devolves the moral responsibility of pa-rental training, and the State can not lift from their shoulders, and assume to itself, either parental authority or responsibil-ity. To the fatherless it may be a legal guardian, but a parent never, much less assume the parental role toward those who have no need of even its legal guard-ianship. The correlative expression of the God-given right of the parents over their children is to be found in the com-mandment itself which says, " Honor thy father and thy mother." Human govern-ment must tread lightly and hesitate as it approaches the sacred precincts of the family and the conscience. The Illinois law, as it now stands, is a distinct inva-sion of the rights of the parent. The de-niAnd of the resolutions in this regard should be immediately satisfied. The Su-preme Court of Illinois has itself decided in this regard, that it is for the parents of children attending even the  public schools to determine the extent and the sub-jects of instruction to be acquired by the child, and that such parental determination is to control school authorities and teachers. The full extent of parental right in pri-vate and parochial schools could not then, according to this decision, be questioned, and the Illinois statute which abridges them ought not to stand an appeal to the Supreme Court. The two remaining clauses of the reso-lution protesting against the use of public money for private educational purposes, and against any connection of Church and State, will meet the approval of all; and yet in this the Lutherans have made a candid avowal of principle which no doubt not even all of them appreciate fully. So far as parochial schools are concerned this is the core of the matter. A full acceptance of the principle here stated, in its completeness, and an adher-ence to it without fear or favor, is the only safeguard of the free exercise of reli-gion pure and undefiled, in the home, the school, and the church. W. H. 1VI. A Slow at the Denomination. THAT the Adventists of Tennessee regard the arrest and imprisonment of their brethren in Henry County, as religious persecution, and a blow aimed at the doc-trines which they hold and teach, and that they propose to meet it as such, is evident from the following article in the Advent Review and Sabbath Herald of July 5 : Š REMEMBER THEM THAT ARE IN BONDS." This is a living commandment. Some messages have a general application; others a special appli-cation. This belongs to a time of persecution, and is addressed to those who have brethren in bonds. We have reached that time, and to us this message is addressed. How are we to remember our brethren in bonds? Š" As bound with them :" " Bear ye one another's burdens." It is but a short time since the persecution of the people of God in the nineteenth century was only a matter of faith seen but by the light of the sure word of prophecy. Now, in this matter, we are walking by sight. How are we commanded to remember them?Š "As bound with them:" "Bear ye one another's burdens." What are the burdens of these breth- ren? Let the following quotations from recent let-ters from jail answer:Š We are still here in jail. We have washed it out some; and it is not so bad as it was. Brother Tait sent ten dollars to pay for flour for brethren ŠandŠ. We sent them down a barrel each to-day. But they need many things. Brother Š was in poor circumstances when he came here, and brethren Š and were in the same condition. Brother Š's crops need working now, and he has not a cent to have them worked with. His clothes are not very commendable. Brother Šis owing for a barrel of flour which the family have just used up, and he is having to keepŠout of school to do his farm work, because' he hasn't means to hire any one. This blow is not struck at these brethren as men. It is struck at those gospel truths, the possession of which is making us " a peculiar people." " The leading men in the Advent Church " were called for. Then the leading minister who is teaching that doc-trine.  This has indeed a significant ring. My- brother, my sister, are you a "leading "Ša living, aggres-sive, member of Christ? Beware! And if you are not, with a thousand times more emphasis I say, BEWARE! The Master says, "If a man abide not in me, he is cast forth as a branch, and is withered; and men gather them, and cast them into the fire, and they are burned." And again : " He that abid-eth in me, and I in him, the same bringeth forth much fruit." Are any of our people so unwise as to flatter themselves that this is merely local prejudice, and they will never persecute in our State? That is but a siren song, and warned against by the Lord. The veil is too thin to blind the eyes of one who believes His prophets. In a letter from a prominent lawyer from a city in one of the States where our people are the most numerous, the author says that persecutions are not confined to the South; that while it is not gen-erally known, it is a fact that applications are be-ing made there for prosecutions. But the word of God is still plainer. (See Rev. 13: 8, 16,17.) All of these men now incarcerated in Paris jail have wives and children depending upon them for support. I am personally acquainted with them all at their own homes. Not one of them is able to suffer this loss of time. Some of these brethren are possessed of a humble home and a few domestic ani-mals, while one of their number is as poor as our Master when he was here on earth. All of the earthly possessions of these brethren could not be sold for more than a few hundred dollars. But even if they all had homes and the necessaries of life, should they then be left to bear the burdens of separation from their families and imprisonment alone? It seems to me that the only answer, either from the Bible or the heart of the child of God, is, " No, never," " Bear ye one another's burdens, and so fulfill the law of Christ." While there are comparatively few of our brethren in bonds, it seems to me that it is both the privilege and the duty of those who have, by the grace of God, their liberty, to furnish the wages of a farm hand for each of the families thus bereft. We can do this now, and till the number of imprisonments is so increased that this becomes impracticable; at which time the Lord will show us what to do. Our brethren in bonds have been exhorted to set an example which will be worthy of the imitation of those who are to follow after them. Let us set a worthy example for others to follow when we are " cast into prison." It will be a stain on our characters if these worthy brethren are required to take their children from school to earn bread for their families, while they are in bonds for righteousness' sake. A. 0. Tait, Battle Creek, Mich., is the proper person to whom to send the tokens of your remem-brance. He will see that it is properly disbursed. Now is the time your help is needed. TheseŁchildren must be educated, that they may follow in the footsteps of their fathers. If more is sent in than is required for those fami-lies now suffering, it can be sacredly preserved for others, perhaps you and me, who are to follow after. CHAS. L. BOYD. This article, which is written by the president of the Tennessee River Confer-ence of Seventh-day Adventists, should stir not only Adventists, but true Christians of every name. The principles involved are far-reaching. If liberty of conscience is to be preserved in this country, the peo-ple must be aroused to protest against such outrages as are being perpetrated against God-fearing men in Tennessee un-der the color and forms of civil law. Sunday Legislation. To the Honorable the members of the Sen-ate of the United States: The undersigned, in behalf of a large number of citizens, whose sentiments are, as he believes, in accord with those of a majority of the people of the United States, respectfully and earnestly protests against the passage of the bill [H. R. 8367] en-titled," An act regulating the delivery and sale of ice within the District of Columbia on the Sabbath day, commonly known as Sunday." The passage of this bill would mark a new era in the history of our national legislation. It would be, so far as I am aware, the first law of a distinctively re-ligious character. With the title as passed by the House, it undertakes to de-cide that Sunday is the Sabbath : " On the Sabbath day, commonly known as Sunday." That Sunday is the Sabbath is denied by multitudes of Christians, and what right has the Congress of the United States to decide the question ? But even should this objection be re-moved, the religious character of the act remains, providing as it does, what shall or what shall not be done on Sunday. The incongruous character of the State legislation in regard to Sunday, is best illustrated by its results. Were it not for the seriousness of the subject, it 