THE AlVIERICA.N SENTINEL. 229 theocracy in Israel and deny that there was a union of Church and State. This is like saying that a ten-cent piece is not a dime. A theocracy is a union of Church and State, and a union of Church and State is a theocracy. You can't sep-arate them. Don't you see you put asunder that which is joined together? You say the Church and the State co-oper-ated simply, but there was no union. Webster defines co-operate " to work together." That's it exactly. The Church and the State always work together in a union. It cannot be otherwise. There can be no union of any kind without work-ing together. The two blades of a pair of scissors are "independent" of each other, but they "co-.  operate"Šwork together because there is a union. In the Hebrew theocracy men were put to death for blasphemy and Sabbath-breaking. Lev. 24: 16. Ex. 31 :14, 15. Also for disobedience to parents, Deut. 21 :18-21; for adultery; for kid-napping; for being a medium, and in fact for vi-olation of' any commandment of the decalogue, even to the tenth. It was an offense punishable with death to make and to use the anointing oil for common purposes. Ex. 30:34-38. Would you be will-ing to have in this Nation a similar theocracy if the people were "all of one mind or of one relig-ion, as were the Hebrews " ? Would you be will-ing to attach the death penalty to the using of the elements of the bread and wine in the Lord's sup-per for common purposes ? The matter of the anointing oil was nearly similar. In your " pure republican theocracy," could you give your " vote" to establish such penalty for such offenses? 3. You see no union of Church and State in our Nation, yet people hold offices in the civil de-. partment or in the State and in the church at the same time. You argue that persons under the old theocracy held office in the church and were also civil rulers yet this did not make a union of Church and State then, any more than the same thing makes such a union in this country now. I reply, the cases are not parallel, and therefore your illustration goes wide of the mark. If relig-ious profession were a requisite for holding office in this country, as you National Reformers are more than willing should be the case, then the examples cited would be pertinent, but this would be union of Church and State. I think you will agree with me that it would. Well that's the way it was in the IsraelLtish theocracy. Every civil officer had to be a professor of religionŠno "outsider " was eligible. The officer must be a religious person. Proof. The rulers chosen by Moses were men who feared God, "men of truth, hating covetous-ness." Ex: 18: 21-26. See, also, 2 Sam. 23 : 1-3 and 2 Chron. 19 :5-10. The words of David "by the Spirit of the Lord," and the "reform" work, of Jehoshaphat, clearly show there was a national religion. 4. Your greatest error I conceive to be ex-pressed in these words: "In the Hebrew com-monwealth or theocracy, the officers were chosen by the people." Nothing could be farther from the facts. God himself, and not the people, chose the officers. He, and not the people, chose Moses. Ex. 3 :10. He chose Moses' suc-cessor, Joshua. Josh. 1: 1-3. He chose the tribe of Judah after the death of Joshua. Judges 1 : 1,2. He "gave" the people judges. Acts 13 : 20. When the people wanted a king, the Lord gave them Saul. Verse 21. He told Samuel whom to anoint. 1 Sam. 9 : 15, 16. The people  did not elect him. The Lord selected David. 1 Sam. 16 : 12,13. The people did not elect him. Moses, at the direction of the Lord, selected seventy men of the elders of Israel for "officers" over the people. The people did not select. Num. 11: 16. These examples prove that you are mistaken. Very respectfully, N. J. BOWERS. Fresno, Cal., July 22. Air  Who Is on the Constitution's Side? Ix the words, " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibit-ing the free exercise thereof," the United States Constitufon guarantees perfect religious liberty to every soul in this Nation. A great many peo-ple appear to dread the encroachments of the Ro-man Catholic power. But, so long as the United States Constitution shall be kept as it is, and legislation in harmony with it, such fears are groundless. Cardinal Gibbons might be elected president, Archbishop Corrigan, vice-president, every seat in the Senate might be filled with bishops,Łand every seat in the House of Repre-sentatives might be filled with priests, yet so long as they should respect the Constitution they could not pass a single law affecting Protestantism ill any way, because the Constitution says that, "Congress shall make no law respecting an estab-lishment of religion or prohibiting the free exer-cise thereof." And under this Constitution, the Roman Catholic, in the exercise of his religion, is just as free from any interference by Protestants as Protestants are from the interference which they profess to fear from Catholics. Much is said of the hatred of infidels toward Christianity; but with the Constitution as it is, and with legislation and public sentiment in harmony with it, infidels might hate Christianity as heartily as many persons think they do, and yet they could do Christianity no harm. Colonel Ingersoll might be elected president and every seat in Congress filled with infidels as outspoken as he, yet so long as the Constitution should be respected, they could not make a single law affecting Christianity in any way, even if they wanted to, because the Constitution says that, " Congress shall make no law respecting an estab-lishment of religion or prohibiting the free exer-cise thereof." Under this Constitution religious profession and worship are absolutely free. And so long as public sentiment shall see to it that the Constitu-tion remains as it is, and legislation in harmony with it, every man's religious profession and wor-ship will remain free. Constitutional safeguards are such only so long as there is " an enlightened public opinion based on individual intelligence." There is, however, an already large, and con-stantly increasing element demanding that the Constitution shall be so amended as to empower Congress to legislate in behalf of Christianity. And a great many are even calling for religious legislation without any such amendment. May 21,1888, Senator Blair, of New Hampshire, in-troduced a bill to " promote " the observance of the Lord's day "as a day of religious worship," and to secure the "religious observance of the Sabbath day." Four days afterward, May 25, the same Senator introduced a " joint-resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States, respecting establishments of religion and free public schools;" providing for instruction in " the principles of the Christian religion" in all public schools of the Nation;  and empowering Congress to " enforce this article by leg'slation when necessary ; " which only pro- poses to empower Congress to legislate in regard to the principles of the Christian religion. Dur-ing the last session of the Fiftieth Congress, there were repeated visits of large and influential dele-gations to the Senate committee having these items in charge, pleading strongly for the pas-sage of both. The adoption of either would be but the establishment of a national religion, and the establishment of a national religion is but the establishment of a national despotism, even though it be under the name of Christianity. True Christianity never can be made a national religion. To make it national is to pervert it. Christianity is universal. It embraces all the world, having its head in Heaven and not on earth. Jesus Christ separated forever civil government from his religion when he said, " My kingdom is not of this world," and, " Render therefore to Cresar the timings that are Cmsar's, and unto God the things which are God's." Bancroft, the historian of the United States, says: " No one thought of vindicating religion for the individual, till a voice in Judea, breaking day for the greatest epoch in the life of humanity, by establishing a pure, spiritual, and universal religion for all mankind, enjoined to render to Onsar only that which is Cmsar's. The rule was upheld during the infancy of the gospel for all men." "The new Nation when it came to establish a govern-ment for the United States refused to treat faith as a matter to be regulated by a corporate body, or having a headship in a monarch or a State. Vindicating the right of individuality even in re- ligion, and in religion above all, the new Nation dared to set the example of accepting in its rela-tions to God the principle first divinely ordained of God in Judea." The United States Constitu-tion as it is, upon the subject of religion, is in exact harmony with the principles and the word of Jesus Christ. Therefore, any effort to change that Constitution. respecting religion, even though it be professedly done in behalf of Christianity, is directly opposed to the word of' Jesus Christ. Again the Declaration of Independence de- clares that governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed. This is the fundamental principle of American institu-tions, and it is in harmony with the word of God. Yet, at a convention held in Sedalia, Mo., May 23 and 24, in behalf of the proposed National Sunday law, Mr. W. P. Gray, the secretary of the convention, who was made secretary of the State Sabbath Union, said :Š " I for one, do not believe that as a political maxim, governments derive their just powers from the con-sent of the governed. And I believe with Mr. Gault on this, I think. And so the object of this movement is an effort to change that feature in our fundamental law." This statement is quoted and endorsed by the Christian Statesman, which is the official organ of the National Association for securing such an Amendment to the United States Constitution as Senator Blair proposed. Therefore, it stands proved by their own words that, those who favor ° the resolution and the bill introduced by Sen-ator Blair on the subject of religion, are, through these, aiming at the subversion of the fundamental principles of American institutions, the destruc-tion of the rights and liberties of men ; and that their work is directly opposed to the principles and the word of Jesus Christ. It is true that both these pieces of proposed 