582 AMERICAN SENTINEL. manifests himself to the world. In his true followers Jesus Christ lives on earth to-day, and what he does to-day is what he did in Judea so long ago. For he changes not, but is "the same yesterday, and to-day, and for-ever." If he was a politician then, the Christian will be one now. But if not, then the Christian will not concern himself in that way. Is Our Government Intolerant of any Religion ? BY M. E. KELLOGG. THE Christian Citizen quotes from Daniel Agnew, LL. D., ex-chief justice of Pennsylvania, the following statement "I have shown that this is a Christian nationŠthat this continent and the provinces were settled by a Chris-tian peopleŠthat the States formed from them continued Christian, and set the legal evidence of their belief in their early constitutionsŠthat other religions are exceptional, and were tolerated for individual conscience' sake onlyŠthat the Constitution of the United States formed by the same people, contemporary with their State constitu-tions, and with identical provisions for the toleration of individual freedom of conscience, expressly reserved to them all their ungranted rights, among which are their Christian institutionsŠthat the Constitution itself carries internal evidence of its Christian character, that its con-tinued existence rests on the fabric of the States; and that infidels, pagans, cavilers and Mormons derive from it no support in their warfare against Christianity. I have shown, also, that the safety of this Christian char-acter, peace, order and prosperity demand its citizenship to be protected against promisduous and loose naturali-zation." Of Dr. Agnew the Citizen says: "The opinions of such a man cannot fail to be of great importance to all think-ing people. Recently hedelivered an address, which has been published, the purpose of which is to establish the Christianity of the Constitution of the United States." But if the nation is so overwhelmingly Christian, as Dr. Agnew holds, and "the Constitution itself carries internal evidences of its Christian character," what is the need of any further tinkering of the Constitution? If the inside of the Constitution is right, the outside surely ought to be, especially when the nation is Christian any-way ! To the statement of the venerable doctor, that other religions than Christianity are only tolerated in this country, we strongly demur. An Austrian, a Spaniard, or a Russian may properly use the term as expressive of the attitude of those governments toward a Jew, a Mo-hammedan or an infidel; but an American, never! Ac-cording to the letter and spirit of the national Constitu-tion and the genius of the American Government, the Christian no more tolerates the Jew than the Jew toler-ates him. If one holds another view it is because he has grown up cherishing a false and alien idea of the princi-ples of the United States Government. It is true that some of the early State constitutions, followirj in the line of the colonial charters, which were granted in the days when the Church and State were firmly united, did establish religions which' were not annulled by the United States Constitution, but an ex-ample of liberty waŁs set in that great charter, and those States which had a religion incorporated in their consti-tutions have either abolished the religious parts of their constitutions or these have become atrophied by long disuse. But a determined effort is being made to animate those dead constitutional provisions, to change the great Constitution which towers above them all and to make it an engine of tyranny. Religious despotism is embedded and ingrained in the hearts of men or else it could never continuously rise, as it does,to blast and curse the earth-It is as much out of place in our land as a snake in a fair garden, but it is here, and unless it is crushed out it will spoil our fair inheritance. The " Continental Sunday." FROM statistics published by a reliable European journal, it appears that so far /s concerns the cessation of Sunday work, the "Continental Sunday" will bear comparison with the "American Sabbath!' In Germany, we are told, all employers of labor in industrial lines of work are forbidden either to compel or permit their employees to work on Sunday. This pro-hibition does not apply to persons working alone, or to those engaged in agriculture, fishing, or the professions or liberal arts. In commercial establishments (such as retail stores, banking, insurance, and similar institutions) all work is prohibited during the first days of the three special holi-days of Christmas, Easter, and Pentecost, and is limited to five hours on all ordinary holidays and Sundays. The individual German States may extend these re-strictions at their pleasure. In Austria, there is a general prohibition of Sunday work, the only general exception being for work that is deemed absolutely indispensable and for commercial es-tablishments, in which Sunday work is permitted during six hours of the day. In Switzerland, no woman can work on Sunday except at home or in a small shop, aŁnd no minor (a person under eighteen years of age), except in a few specified in-dustries; and adult males are allowed to do Sunday work only in some specified industries, and in certain cases of emergency, the nature of which must be demonstrated. In England, a distinction is made between the work of adult males and that of women and minors. The former are not restricted in the matter of Sunday work, but no woman, "young person" or child can work in factory or workshop on Sunday except in certain special cases. Jews are- allowed to work on Sunday provided they observe Saturday as a day of rest. 