THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, 379 The " civil Sabbath " is, simply the re-ligious Sabbath enforced by civil law. 6fe it not' for the fact timt Sunday is a religions day, a day regarded as sacred by a; large tiortioil, of the community, nothing Would ever be heard of the " civil Sabbath." The plea is a fraud. B. A Question of Rights. ,THAT the Roman. Curia and the author-ities of the Roman Catholic Church are it tensely,hostile to the public school sys-tem of ,this country, is a fact that requires no, demonstration. Comprising, as the Roman ;Catholics do, about one-ninth of the population of this country, and open as the mass of the Roman Catholics are on allf'eides to the influences of a Protestant ,environrnent, they clearly perceive their danger and have resolutely addressed them-selVes to the work of mitigating it, The especial aspect of the question that concerns Protestants and Catholics at the present time,, is that presented by the pub-lic 'schools. These schools as established in the different States are in the main non-sectarian: and as no distinctively religious instruction is imparted in them, they are by the Roman Catholics called "godless schools." In order to offset the danger to the Ratan faith of having the children attend these public schools, the Roman Catholic authorities establish parish schools of .their own; and it is the command of the. high church authorities as voiced at the,  Plenary Council recently held at Bal-timore, that such schools be established in every diocese, and that the children of the church be required to attend them. This order of the Plenary Council is being car-ried out iI the different States. The action of the Rpman Catholic, Bishop of New JerSey has, however, led to the introduc-tion in the Legislature of New Jersey, of a proposed amendment to the Constitution of that State prohibiting any local power from compelling or preventing the attend-ance of children upon any particular school, Šthe object being to prevent the church authorities from commanding the children to attend parochial schools on pain of denial of the sacraments. 'With every sympathy for our public schools, and opposing to Ihe fullest extent the division of school money between Prot-estants and Romanists, it does not appear to the Christian at Work that New Jersey should enact any such prohibitory statute. Yet argument is advanced in favor of this legislation ; and we have not seen so strong a presentation of the case for the amend-ment anywhere as in that put forth in one of the ablest and best of our,  secular papers ŠHarper's Weekly. That journal puts the =matter in this wise:Š The members of the Roman Church, like other An4erican citizens, are protected in their civil rights by the GoVernment. One of these rights is the choice of schools for their children, an any other citizen or :combination of 'citizens interfering with that  right, whether they call themselves priests or churches, may be justly restrained. Plausible as this may seem, we cannot accept it as conclusive or satisfactory. For the statement in Harper's Weekly, quoted above, to our view involves the fallacy that one class of rights can be guaranteed to the exclusion of another class : that is to say, Roman Catholic parents are to be guaranteed in some way the right of send- ing their children to the public school in defiance of the church to which they have promised allegiance, but the church author-ities are not to be guaranteed the rights of administering ecclesiastical government in their own way; in fact these rights guaran-teed since the establishment of the Gov-ernment, are to be suddenly extinguished by an amendment to the Constitution of the State. This we take it is the position occupied by the advocates of the proposed constitutional amendment, and by jour-nals holding the view on this question maintained by Harper's Weekly. To such a position the Christian at Work is unable to assent. And here let us take a hypothetical case by way of illustration. In Louisiana, as is well known, the lottery is legally estab-lished, and any one has the right to buy a lottery ticketŠa right presumably guar-anteed by the State. Well, it coming to the knowledge of certain Protestant churches that some of their members are investing in this lottery, and as the church authorities hold, to their spiritual injury, the authorities hold a conference, and as a result declare that the membership of these churches are prohibited from buying lot-tery tickets, with the admonition that those who do will be expelled from the church. Now, will it be claimed that the State may in equity prohibit these church authorities .from enforcing their prohibition by with-holding the sacraments from the offenders? Admitting that there is the widest possible difference between the public school and lotteries, it is yet to be noted that by one party the schools are regarded as "god-less," as by the other party the lottery is held to be devilish. Yet shall liberty on the part of the church to deal in the one case be denied and in the other case allowed ? May churches not exercise their ecclesiastical functions in the one case, but have full liberty to do so' in the other? If so, We have no information as to the grounds upon which this discrimination is exercised by the State. This journal, it is not necessary to say, believes thoroughly in the public schools. It wishes every Roman Catholic child might attend them; it believes thoroughly in compelling Romanists to pay their full school tax, nolensvolens. But just here, as it seems, the province of State authority ends. The Roman Catholic Church has its rights, just as Catholic parents have theirs. If these parents are not willing to send their children to the parochial schools let them send them to the public schools, as mazy  Roman Catholics of New York are doing, and abide the consequences. But for the State to step in and interfere as between the clergy and the laity of a religious sect, is to infringe upon guaranteed rights, interfere in matters with which it has no rightful concern, and to establish a dangerous prec-edent. The less we see of this interference on the part of the State, the better for the cause of religion and religious liberty, and the better for the State itself.ŠChristian at Work. "Freethought" and Free Thought. THE following letter explains itself. We give it place as a matter of courtesy to a lady:Š Philadelphia, Nov. 20, 1890. EDITORS AMERICAN SENTINEL: Your issue of. November 20 contains some criti-cisms upon my attitude at the Portsmouth Congress of the American Secular Union,Šcriticisms which, despite their kindly tone (for which I thank you), call for some reply upon my part. You quote from my speech on " Methods of Extending Our Work," and charge me with com-mitting our society officially to a sectarian stand in favor of infidelity. Allow me to say, before all, that I detest the word "infidelity," in whichever of three meanings it be takenŠi. e., (1) unfaithful, (2) without faith, (3) opposed to the prevailing faith of the commu-nity. The first meaning, no one who is at all ac-quainted with me will ever apply to me; the sec-ond, I deny emphatically, as I am a Liberal Unitarian, with a very well-defined belief ; and the third, I maintain, cannot with justice be applied to any moderate non-Trinitarian Liberal, since those who really uphold orthodox Christianity are in the minority in this country. (See statistics in my speech.) As for my " declaration of war on religion," I fail to find such in a single sentence of my speech. I did, however, recommend that children be taught to realize "the evil that priestenaft and religious superstition, have been from the days of savagery down." But what have these things to do, with the " two great commandments " of love to God, and love to one's neighbor, which are the.surn and sub-stance of every true religion, pagan as well as Christian ? You seem to object to my anxiety to prevent the young "from falling into that religious superstition which puts the cross higher than their moral duty as good citizens, and which teaches them to consider what the Church sneeringly calls ' mere morality' as of little account in the sight of the Deity whom they worship." Can it be that you would place church observances above your duty to the truth and to Your fellow-men ? Not so, gentle-men; the moral tone of THE AMERICAN SENTINEL forbids even the suggestion of such a thing. I did, however, recommend Freethought Sunday-schools for children, and Freethought Lyceums for young people. But what does " Freethought " mean ? Simply the right to freedom of thoughtŠthe right to seek truth wherever we can find it. Is that irreligious ? So much the worse then for that sort of religion, I should say; and I think you would agree with me. In regard to the methods which I advocated, I was careful to advance them as my personal views, not as my official utterance, as you will see if you read my speech throughout; and in delivering these parts of my address, I em-phasized the personal pronoun. I took the' liberty of advancing these more radical views of my own, because I knew that the majority of the delegates would expect me to outline work for the most ultra among us, as well as for the most conservative. Moreover, our people are different from yours. They are, many of them, impatient of working in 