282 AMERICAN SENTINEL. A MOB execution, therefore, is a direct blow against the Government. Whether meant to be such or not, that is what it is. It is a direct menace to all that which the people enjoy under the Government. It is a de-stroyer by nature, and not a protector. It is not a watch dog, but a wolf. * * * MOB rule promotes mob rule, and that only. By the fundamental laws of justice, mob rule is crime. Crime is the setting aside of law, and is therefore an-archy. The negro assassin in Georgia committed a ter-rible crime. That was anarchy. Then the mob, to cure such anarchy, became anarchists themselves! Crime pre-vented by crimeŠanarchy cured by anarchy! As well talk of putting out fire with fire, or of stopping a, flood with water. Crime can be checked only by its opposite. Darkness can be driven out only by light. Evil must be overcome with good. That is Scriptural, and it is the truth. Tms is not a sectional question, either. The people of Georgia, on the average, are not a whit worse than the people of the North. No one State of the Union can look down upon another from a height of moral preemi-nence. Northern people who are inclined to think other-wise should remember the draft riots in New York City in 1863. On that occasion, in this representative city of the North, a white mob attacked the negro orphan asylum, and negro babies were thrown to death from the windows and murdered in other ways. The North has no reason to look down upon the South on the ground of regard for law and order and the instincts of human-ity. Northern journals admit this truth in discussing the occurrence in Georgia, and one leading daily in this city, after citing facts which reflect similar discredit upon England and Germany, makes the suggestion "that the North, the South, Germany and England, elect delegates to a convention to consider this question: 'Why is it that under certain conditions we are all savages?'" Then it inquires, "How many more millions of years will it take us to become civilized through and through?" * IF "under certain conditions" we are all savages, it must be true that "we" are savages by nature. For cir-cumstances do not change nature, but only give nature a greater or less chance to show itself in its true light. A person who is not by nature a savage will not be a savage "under some circumstances" or under any cir-.cumstances. And of this class of persons, Jesus Christ is the type and perfect example. He was subjected to every form and degree of provocation, but under no circumstances was he a savage; and his sincere follow-ers will imitate his course. "As He was, so are we in this world." THE admission that "under certain circumstances we are all savages," is an admission that civilization is not a cure for savagery, but only a veneer beneath which it is hidden until "certain circumstances" call it out; that not civilization, but Christianity, draws the line against savagery in the human heart. * A GREAT many rely upon the power of education for a solution of the race problem in the South. But since human depravity is at the bottom of this question, it cannot be that education can furnish the remedy. If it could, man could educate himself out of his natural de-pravity and become his nwn saviour. The voice of his-tory is eloquent upon this point. No nation was ever saved by educationŠby mere learning. Salvation from immorality demands power; and as has often been pointed out, in the sphere of morals knowledge is not power. Egypt was once the seat of the world's civiliza-tion and learning; but Egypt became the wickedest na-tion on the earth, and perished in its own corruption. Then Assyria arose, and Babylon, and Persia, and Greece. These were in turn the centers of civilization, and each in turn fell before other nations and tribes which had not learned so many ways in which to be im-moral. And finally Rome arose and ruled the world for hundreds of years; and Roman learning and civilization are made a chief study in the "higher education" of to-day. But when the rude barbarians poured down from the uncultivated North and swept the Roman empire off the earth, they found, says the historian, a state of moral rottenness at which they blushed. * * * No; learning, knowledge, is not moral power. The devil himself has more edcuation than any person can hope to gain in this life, but he is the devil still. But "the power of God unto salvation" is in the world, and free to all; and whoever will receive it can be reclaimed from his innate savagery the selfsame hour so thor-oughly that he will not be a savage under any circum-stances. In this power lies the only hope of the world. The Curfew Law in Maine. A LITTLE tidal wave of "reform" is sweeping over certain communities of Maine, the watery deluge this time taking the form of agitation for curfew laws for the cities. The clergy of Lewiston and Auburn are seeking to secure such a law for these cities. Bangor was the first town in the State to adopt a curfew Jaw, and it is pronounced by its promoters to be a great success, though it has only been in operation since February 14. The law was supported by persons most influential in religious, social, and educational af- 