ERICAN SENT1N Ail 7  iIPNI CONSTITUTION "IF ANY MAN BEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. ALONZO T. JONES. EDITOR.  NEW YORK, APRIL 1, 1897. VoL. 12, No. 13. Single Copy, 3 cents. The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. Sir Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him Sr some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no tears that they will he asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Post-office.) "THE kingdom of God cometh not with observation," that is, "with outward show." These are the plain words of the Lord Jesus, whose the kingdom is, who alone knows truly what the kingdom is, who is the rightful king in that kingdom; and who alone rules in the kingdom. Yet the efforts of the Christian Endeavorers and the National Reformers generally are solely to have "the kingdom of God" come in this nation, altogether with outward show, by outward, worldly, political, means and methods. They propose to make Christ king and have Him reign on Capitol Hill and in every State and city in the nation. Thus they propose that the kingdom of God shall come in this land, and that the saints of the Most High shall take the kingdom. Thus it is perfectly plain to all who read, that those people do propose to have the kingdom of God come first of all with observation, with outward show. That is to say, while the Lord says that the kingdom of God cometh not with observation or outward show, these people in-sist that it does come and shall come with observation and outward show. In other words, what the Lord says is not so, they say is so and shall be so. Isn't it singular that men will attempt to do a thing as Christian, which the plain word of the Author of-Chris-tianity repudiates and shows cannot possibly be done as Christian? The profession of Christianity demands loy-alty to the principles announced by the Author of Chris-tianity. Disloyalty here is antichristian. No, no : the kingdom of God cometh not with ob-servation or outward show. But "Behold the kingdom of God is WITHIN von; " and except a man be born  again he cannot see it. For it is written, "Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be born again he cannot see the kingdom of God." "Except a man be born again, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God." By this word it is again perfectly plain that the only right thing that anybody can do in behalf of the kingdom of God is to persuade men to be born again. For, it matters not how the kingdom of God may come,. or when it may conic, no man can ever see it for any good, no man can enter into it, unless he is born again. What sheer fallacy it is then, what a perversion of the right way, for men to form organizations, hold mon-ster conventions, and manipulate politics in cities, States and the nation, to get "Christians" into all the offices in order that the kingdom of God may be set up and that "Christ may reign on Capitol Hill" ! Ł The kingdom of God comes in no such way as that. And any man who looks upon any such thing as that as the kingdom of God will be ruined by it. The kingdom of God, cometh not with observation or outward show. The kingdom of God can never be set up by men. Only He whose right it is to reign can establish his kingdom anywhere. "The kingdom of God cometh not with observation. Neither shall they say, Lo here, or Lo there, For behold the kingdom of God is within you." Unless a man finds the kingdom of God within him, he will never find it out-side of him. Any man who does not see the kingdom of God within him will never see the kingdom of God out-side of him. And "Except a man be born again he cannot see the kingdom of God." It is therefore conclusive that the only right endeavor that anybody can ever put forth in behalf of the kingdom of God and men's right relation thereto, is to persuade men to be born again. And by the same token it is also conclusive that the efforts of the Christian Endeavorers and other.National Reformers to bring by worldly means and political methods, the kingdom of God in city, State and nation, are altogether earthly, vain, unchristian and antichristian. " The kingdom of God is not meat and drink ; " it is 