292 SENTINStŁ our holy religion through every social relation, and glorify the business and the pleasures of our daily and secular life, by consecrating them to the glory of our Father who is in heaven. Let them turn these streams of the pure water of life, welling up in the hearts of' their followers, into the dark and'restilential receptacles, where igno-rance, poverty, misery, and sin are gathered, and breed disorder and death. Then the great and the good, the noble and the wise, in the unity of the Spirit and the bond of peace, forgetting those things which are behind and reaching forth unto those things which are before, pressing toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus, in one grand array'Will meet and wrestle against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places, and shall wrestle not in vain, for they shall be strong in the Lord and in the power of his might; clad in the /whole armor of God, their loins girt about with truth, and having on the breast-plate of righteousness, their feet shod with the prepara-tion of the gospel of peace, and above all, taking the shield of faith wherewith they shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked, the helmet of salvation and the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God, praying always with all .prayer and supplication in the Spirit. Then shall be hastened the promised time of the com-ing of our King, when there shall be a new heaven and a new earth, wherein dwelleth right-eousnessŠthe Holy City, New Jerusalem, coming down from God oust of heaven, prepared as a bride adorned for her husband, the tabernacle of God with men, where he will dwell with them and they shall be his people, and God himself shall be with them and be their God. "But let them remember that to advance this glorious consummation the church must throw away the sword of civil authority which some of her too eager and impetuous sons would put into her hands; that the kingdom of her Lord is not of this world ; that she must render unto Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and unto God the things that are God's; that she must not per-mit any unholy dalliance with the solicitations of worldly power or advantage, but keep herself un-spotted from the world ; that her dominion is over the minds and hearts of men, and her victory achieved with. spiritual weapons alone, by appeals to their reason, to their conscience, to the highest and best in their ruined nature, to be restored by the power, not of human laws, but of the Spirit of God, and that in proportion as she becomes conscious of her origin and destiny, of the divine life she bears in her bosom, hid with Christ in God, and grows into the recognition of her mission and place in the work and history of the world and of eternity, she will dissolve all ties that bind her to secular influences and the natural sphere of human interests and actions, and estab-lish herself firmly upon the seat of her spiritual throne, whence shall silently but most potently issue streams of truth and goodness, wisdom and Jove, faith and charity, into all the channels of human thought and activity, to restore upon earth the paradise of God." PROFESSOR BLANCHARD, in Elgin Convention, said," In this work we are undertaking for the Sab-bath we are the representatives of God." W. F. Crafts, in Christian Statesman, July 5, 1888, said, "The preachers are the successors of the proph-ets." Will not these "representatives of God?' be content with the use of the " sword and the bullet" in this life, or do they claim,  the right to inflict punishment beyond it ?ŠW., in Prohibition Journal. Sunday Observance. THE American Sabbath Union did not have plain sailing in Los Angeles any more than in some other places in California, as is well shown by the following letter by the Rev. Thomas W. Haskins of the Episcopal Church in the Los Angeles daily Tribune of September 3:Š The Tribune yesterday morning says that all the churches of the city except the Baptist were closed last night in order to take part in the mass meeting at the Pavilion in behalf of Sun-day observance. Christ Episcopal Church was not closed, and I am told that St. Paul's was not. I do not think that Epiphany or Ascension were closed. I have no authority to speak for my brethren of the Episcopal Church, but speaking only for myself I did not unite in the meeting be-cause I could not haAie done so without opposing the methods to be advocated, both as wrong in themselves and ineffectual if adopted, and so stayed away. Judging from what I have heard of the history of the movement elsewhere, opposition would not have been tolerated an instant even had I ven-tured to suggest it; the decree of infallibility has gone forth and now only seeks the sanction of Caesar to force it upon the people. Straws show which way the wind blows, and the fact (if the Tribune report be 'correct) that the police were sent for to suppress the circulation of some printed matter in opposition to this movement shows its latest tyranny, under the specious plea of liberty and rest, to be developed when it shall have secured the power. I will not allow that any Christian brother or minister of the gospel in this city or any city goes before me in sincere and unceasing endeavor to proclaim the gospel of Christ, nor minister the same when accepted, nor that any soul is strait-ened more than mine at the growing disregard of the Christian observance of the first day of the week, and it is very painful for me to have to differ from so many of my brethren in this latest effort to honor God's holy name. But as much as I love my brethren, I love truth more. A dis-tinguished living divine has said that "men are so apt to settle into ruts, and think that certain things are to be taken as matters of course, that somebody needs to thrust an eternal interroga-tion point before them, if they are ever to stop and think at all whether the way in which things are going is the right way. Let this letter of mine be the interrogation point as to the method of Sunday laws. That we desire all men to be Christians and acknowl-edge Jesus as Lord there can be no doubt; but that a single Christian will be made by the pass-age of a Sunday law, and its observance enforced by penalties upon an unwilling people, there is grave doubt. Ł There is no warrant for such a method any-where in the New Testament. No authority, or suspicion of such authority, was given by our Lord to his church. There is not a scintilla of evidence in the New Testament or the early Fath-ers that the Jewish Sabbath was transferred to the first day of the week, or that the observance of the first day was based upon the fourth com-mandment. In the earlier and purer days of the church, when under the shadow of heathenism and the curse of persecution, there is not a thread of evidence that the Christians sought to enforce their faith or customs upon the surrounding world. The history of such efforts when they did come in the days of weal and power ought to make every humble Christian hestitate when he looks to the civil power to protect his liberty. We are now living under the blessings of civil and religious liberty. There is nothing whatever to hinder any Christian man or woman from hon-oring either the Jewish Sabbath or the first day of the week, and the law will protect him in this liberty. What more do we want? It will be time enough to file our complaint when this lib-erty is taken away. It is a question whether or not Christian people are not most to blame for the present observance, or non-observance, of the first day of the week, and all this fuss is nothing but a cloak of righteousness to cover naked-ness in the sight of the Lord Christ. I have spoken plainly, but I asperse no man's motives. I only question his judgment in establishing the righteousness of Christ among men and bearing witness to his lordship over our hearts and lives. THOMAS W. HASKINS. Los Angeles, September 2. Sunday Laws and Workingmen. A STANDARD argument for more rigid Sunday laws in this country is that the "working people" may have a day of rest. The case is thus stated by Senator Blair, the father of the now famous Sunday-Rest bill:- "The mass of the working people would never get Sunday rest if there had not been a law of the land Ł that gave it to us. There is that practical fact, and we are fighting for the tired, hungry man, woman, and child all over the country who wants a chance to lie down and rest for twenty-four hours out of the whole seven days." Just so ; and " to lie down and rest for twenty-four hours" or else go to church, is about the only chance that poor people would have under the regime proposed by the American Sabbath Union, the W. C. T. U., and National Reformers generally. In fact, the measures which they propose and to which Senator Blair has been lending himself would of necessity discriminate against the very class which it is proposed to benefit. Only those who live in cities can appreciate the privilege of an occasional outing in the country, or at least in some suburban park. But these pseudo philanthropists propose to place all such luxuries beyond the reach of the poor by stopping all public conveyances on Sunday. Now the tired son of toil, in almost any city, whenever the weather is suitable, can take his family on Sunday and by means of street cars, ferry boats, excursion steamers, or excursion trains, can in a very short time reach some park or other pleasant resort, more or less frequented, according to his tastes ; and in some such place the workingman and his wife and children can spend the day more healthfully, more restfully, and more pleasantly than would be possible in the average tenement house. But under the new order of things, to be ushered in by a national Sunday law and by more stringent State laws, such privileges can be enjoyed only by the rich. Not being dependent upon public conveyances, the wealthy can, if they choose, leave their pleasant homes. and drive to the parks or into the country, and enjoy upon Sunday that which they, but not the "working people," can have the privilege of enjoying almost any day. But meanwhile the poor man and his family can literally "lie down and rest for twenty-four hours." But how many care to do 