306 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. utes can do only so far as they are in harmony with the law of nature ; for God alone has any right to bind the conscience. This truth has been obscured by the assumption of men to be lawmakers. Once granted that any man or set of men can make law, it cannot be denied that the same sman or set of men can bind the conscience, or in other words "command men under sin," as ex-pressed by the Roman Catholic Church. Let not the reader misunderstand the position here taken. Every man ought to yield cheerful and con-scientious obedience to every just statute; for every such statute is simply one or more of nature's laws declared in human language; and when so announced ought to be obeyed for conscience's sake. It is only just that every man should bear his pro-portion of the burden of building and maintaining roads, bridges, etc. This nature demands, and yet it is something that cannot well be done until some rec-ognized authority has by statute defined this duty and declared in what manner it shall be discharged. But the element in the statute that appeals to the conscience is the fact that it defines a self-evident duty, a duty not primarily dependent upon the statute, but existing in the very nature of things. But men forget this ; many have never thought of it at all, and so feel free to dodge taxation, to shirk road work, etc. The evil of this misconception of human limitations in the matter of law-making does not end here ; indeed, this is but the beginning. God has himself codified in human speech his own moral law, defining particularly man's duty toward Himself. And this is a realm that man ought never to invade. But men have invaded that which is peculiarly the realm of conscience, and have attempted both to define and to make law touching the duty of human beings toward the Divine. The evil of this has been two-fold. First, it has resulted in persecution for conscience's sake ; and second, it has seduced millions into trans-ferring their allegiance from the divine law to human statute. A striking example of making void moral obliga-tion by a wrong conception of a purely civil statute, is furnished by the use which Christians make of mar- riage and divorce laws. The divine law forbids divorce and remarriage except for one cause. But human statutes permit divorce and remarriage for many causes ; and professed Christians avail themselves of these lax provisions. The writer is not one who believes that the state ought to attempt to compel anybody to be subject to the divine law of marriage and divorce; God himself did not do this, but through Moses permitted divorce for other causes. But the church ought to preserve clear and distinct the distinction between human statute  and divine law so that no one might substitute the hu-man for the divine as a rule of moral action. No human statute can possibly measure up to the standard of the divine law. It inevitably follows that by making the moral law of the Creator the subject of human legislation, men only lower the moral standard. And by not only consenting to such legislation, but by demanding it, the church gives countenance to the claim that the State has authority over the conscience. It is inevitable that those who accept this view readily adopt as their rule of life not the divine law itself, but the human modification or interpretation of that law. Thus thousands of professedly Christian people are to-day living in adultery with no compunctions of con-science, because of a wrong conception of the sphere of civil government. Having complied with the civil law, they feel that nothing more can be required of them ; and nearly every Protestant church practically accepts this view of the matter by making, not com-pliance with the law of God, but compliance with the statute of the State, the test of fellowship. The same thing exactly is true of Sabbath observ-ance. Many thousands who believe that the seventh day is the Sabbath according to the express terms of the divine Sabbath law, feel perfectly justified in dis-regarding that day and keeping another because en-joined by the statutes of the State. Thus is the law of God made void by human tradition and human statute. The remedy lies in keeping ever in view, and instilling into every mind, the great truth that God and God only has the right to command any man under sin ; that the divine law alone imposes moral obliga-tion ; and that no matter what human statutes require or permit, the divine law is that by which every soul will be tested in the judgment of the Great Day. B. Are They Wise? Hon. John J. Ingalls, some years ago a conspicuous figure in the United States Senate, says in a recently published article : "Irrespective of creeds and theology they are wise who would recognize God in the Constitution, because faith in a Supreme Being, in immortality and the com-pensations of eternity conduces powerfully to the social order by enabling man to endure with composure the injustice of this world in the hope of reparation in that which is to come." But 1VIr. Ingalls does not explain how recognizing God in the Constitution can have any influence with the individual faith in "the compensations of eternity." Certainly he would not have us understand that the people will not believe in these "compensations" un-less vouched for by the government. It seems strange to find Mr. Ingalls among the 