NATIONAL "REFORMERS SUPPLICATING ROME. g 111,iu III  [1, IRA AMERICAN SENTINEL. 261 . . . We can bring the Protestant masses over to the reverent moderation of the Catholic Sunday." At that time the American Sabbath Union was the leading element in the National Reform combination, and of this word of counsel of the Catholic laymen, the American Sabbath Union said :Š "The National Lay Congress of Roman Catholics, after correspondence and conference with the American Sabbath Union, passed its famous resolution in favor of cooperation with Protestants in Sabbath reform. . . . This does not mean that the millennium is to be built in a day. This is only a proposal of courtship ; and the parties thus far have approached each other shyly."  operation of the papacy in this country in bringing the United States Government under the domination of the religious power after the image of the original of the papacy itself. These facts demonstrate that by such means the National Reform combination did at last se-cure the cooperation of the papacy in its bad endeavor to subvert the original principles of the Government of the United States, and commit this Government to leg-islation in behalf of religion and in the service of the Church, exactly after the image of the papacy. It is a fact also that, as the consequence of this very work of the National Reformers which they pride them- " This common interest E` of all religious people in the Sabbath 'ŠSunday] ought both to strengthen our determination to work, and our readiness to co-operate in every way with our Roman Catholic fellow-citizens. We may be subjected to some rebuffs in our first proffers, and the time has not yet come when the Roman Church will consent to strike hands with other churchesŠas such; but the time has come to make repeated advances, and gladly to accept co-operation in any form in which they may be willing to exhibit it. It is one of the necessities of the situation." ŠChristian Statesman, August 31, 1851. In 1892 the National Reform combination, in co-operation with the papacy in this country led by Arch-bishop Ireland, Archbishop Gross, and Archbishop Rior-dan, did, under threats of political perdition, secure from Congress legislation setting up Sunday as the Christian Sabbath in the place of the Sabbath of the fourth com-mandment as it was read in Congress from the Bible, and as God spoke it from the top of Sinai. All this is sober fact. And these references demon-strate that the National Reform combination did cer-tainly for eight years, openly bid and work for the co- selves has made this a Christian nation, the papacy has for four years been claiming as her rightful possession this nation as "a Catholic Christian nation." And upon this there comes as a consequence the further fact that to-day there is brewing a contest between the National Reform combination and the papacy, over the question as to whether this is a Catholic "Christian nation" or a Protestant "Christian nation." And now, in the face of this undeniable history of which this man was a part, he has the brass to stand up before a crowd of American people and charge us with 