AMERICAN SENTINEL. benefit from their Sunday observance, and that every-body else ought to be made by law to do likewise. AIV -4 -4- In the Name of Liberty.ŠNo. 2. BY MRS. S. M. I. HENRY. THE principle of liberty lies at the root of, and is the inspiration of, all achievement. It is the mainspring of the gospel. Without it there could have been no gospel, for there could have been no sinner to save, nor any power to appropriate salvation after it had been provided. It is evident from God's own standpoint that it was nobler for man to have the power to sin, if he chose, than to be always spotless because he could not defile himself,Šbetter to have acted unwisely than to have been to all eternity acted upon ever so wisely and grandly. No importance among men attaches to any act which has been performed under compulsion; in fact, compul-sion invalidates the most benevolent act, and transforms what seemed like virtue, into crime. For a man to be a tool of a stronger will is to be degraded to a thing, below the level of even contempt. So instinctive is this principle of liberty in every living creature, that the fear of losing it will arouse all that is most heroic in man or beast. Man, with all his ability to forecast probabilities, will after deliberate considera-tion, run the risk of hopeless captivity or of death rather than allow his freedom to be wrested from him, or to re-gain it if it has been lost. To be deprived of liberty by the law is to be visited with the most bitter penalty; while to surrender it, even on demand, is still to be in possession of the kernel of the nut, while the burr is left to prick the feet of those who have trampled upon it. Liberty of thought and conscience is more thari that of tongue or foot; and the power to be what he will gives a glimmer of glory, however faint, to even the man who will be ungodly. The degree of unholiness to which he will go down in spite of all, the hosts of heaven, is as a gauge of the power of liberty withwhich he was endowed, and of the heights of purity to which he would have at-tained if he had chosen to strive for it. "No, thanks; I will take my medicine. I have brought myself to it, and I will not sneak out of the consequences by taking any favors," were the words by which a "har-dened criminal" answered to, a gospel message. And while, from the standpoint of one who knows God and his relation to man, the poor fellow was only adding needlessly to a lifelong wrong to himself as well as God, yet one could but admire his sense of justice and his con-sistency in the exercise of liberty. The liberty to be what he will, to think as he chooses, and to transmute evidence into belief in the laboratory of his own consciousness, is a right which is beyond the touch of any power. God made it to be so ; and, he him-self, respects this law so sacredly that be made it possi- ble for any one of his human children to defy him to his face, and in spite of all love, all power, be whatever he chooses in his secret nature where God only chn see him, but where God will know him most intimately. Just think of the awful power of this liberty! By it a man can shut God himself in with unholiness, with corruption, and compel him to hear unutterable blas-phemies; making of the Holy and Just One a prisoner in his own temple, which has been defiled in spite of all his efforts to keep it clean,Šhas been torn down; so that it stands a ruin, swept by storms of passion, inhabited by every unclean reptile, in spite of all that could be done to keep it in repair. , Just think again of this Lover of thy soul, choosing to stay on and stay on; sitting in the cold, damp, filthy courts of a ruined soul, waiting for this same power of liberty. to say at last to Him who fashioned the universe, "Let thine hand help me; for I have chosen thy precepts. . . . I have gone astray like a lost sheep; seek thy servant; for I do not forget thy commandments." Ps. 119:173, 176. . And this is the power concerning which men in their thoughtless, enthusiastic zeal of works, would legislate! Truly fools rush in where angels fear to tread. V V -4. Superfluous "Explanation." BY E. J. WAGGONER. A THING that is plain cannot be explained, that is, it cannot be "made plain," since it is so already. Thus : "John goes to school" is a simple statement of fact, and it cannot be made any plainer. All attempts to "explain" the statement would simply be aggregations of words which would either have no meaning at all, or else would serve to bewilder the listener. The only possible result of any attempted explanation of such a simple proposition_ is to call the attention away from the fact stated. The fourth commandment is composed of a series of just such simple statements of fact. After the command-ment proper, "Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy," we have these statements: (1) The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God. (2) In six days the Lord made heaven and earth, etc. (3) He rested the seventh day. (4) Therefore he blessed the Sabbath day, and sanctified it. These are as plain statements of fact as is the state-ment, that "John goes to school," or that "the sun shines." They cannot be made any plainer. All that can properly be done with them is to believe them, since "the mouth of the Lord hath spoken it." Every so called "explanation" of the commandment is either a direct contradiction of it or else such a mass of verbiage as serves to confuse the unfortunate person who is per suaded to put confidence in it. If any one knows where the fourth commandment is stated in plainer terms than in Ex. 20:8-11, we should be glad to have it shown to us. 