72 THE AMERICAN SEN'TINEI.,. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 27, 189th NOTE.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having .ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE idea of "One-seventh part of time being necessary for physical rest is a fraud, and is based on a fraud. IT is liberty that mankind wants, not gracious coddling. It is the right to make the most of powers and opportuni-ties, every man in his own fashion, and not such regulations as the stable proprie-tor gives to his horses in order that they shall not be overworked or underfed.ŠNew York World. THE Nashville Christian Advocate says : The Church needs more power rather than more machinery. It is a malign paradox of ecclesiastical history that as power declines machinery increases. True enough. And the power of the churches in the United States has declined, and the machinery has increased to that extent that nothing short of the machin-ery of the national Government is counted of any worth. And in the enactment and enforcement of the National Sunday-law, they demand that this machinery shall be set in motion. A FEDERATION of the churches of the United States is earnestly advocated by Dr. McCosh, ex-president of Princeton College, somewhat after the mode of the Federal Government of the United States. We should not be surprised if some such scheme as that would yet be entered into by the churches. The organization of the Church upon the political model of the Empire in the fourth century was the one grand step in the organization of the Papal hierarchy. " Say ye not, A confederacy, to all them to whom this people shall say A confederacy." -Isa. 8 : 12. UNDER the leadership of the so-called Woman's Christian Temperance Union, of Rhode Island, the friends of prohibition in that State, are being organized into a sort of fourth-party called the " Prohib-itory League," with the object of getting a prohibition amendment to the State Constitution adopted again. A prohibi-tion amendment was adopted in 1886, and was repealed in 1889. And now the pro-hibition Woman's Christian Temperance Union propose to have it again enacted. At this rate the Constitution Of Rhode Island becomes practically of no more weight than is any act of the legislature.  It is the just pride, of the American people, that. their liberties are guarded by. written Constitutions. When Constitutional pro-visions are reduced to the level of Statute law, to be enacted or repealed at the caprice of parties, then constitutional government is gone and liberty with it; and nothing remains but an unchecked and therefore unmitigated despotism. In this way the Woman's Christian Temperance Union and the Third and Fourth party Prohibi-tion, parties are doing far-reaching and untold evil. Ł Ł - NATIONAL Reform principles are gain-ing ground in other countries as well as in our own. The Christian Statesman of February 13 makes the following an-nouncement :Š A Hindoo gentleman has called a congress of Brahmin priests and learned men for the purpose of incorporating the Bible among the sacred books of India, and officially recognizing Christ as the last spiritual Avatar, or incarnation of Brahma, the su-preme deity. When they shall have officially recog-nized Christ, and incorporated the Bible, India will be a Christian nation of course, just as officially to recognize Christ and the Bible in our national constitution will make this a Christian nation. THROUGH contentions in the Legislature New York City stood in much danger of losing the World's Fair for 1892. Mass meetings were held this week, on Tuesday, to create such a public sentiment as might bring the Legislature to concerted action. In the preliminary meeting that was held to organize for the mass meetings, the principal speech was made by Colonel Shepard of the Mail and Express, and one point on which he laid special stress was this :Š Ask the ministers to pray for pleasant weather on that day, and do not do any of your preparatory work on Sunday. But Hon. Chauncey M. Depew said that he read in the Bible "Blessed are the peacemakers for they shall be called the children of God," and on the strength of that text he spent all day Sunday in the endeavor to bring the warring factions to an aggreement, and he was successful. The mass meeting was a splendid success; but it was evident to everybody that that success was vastly more owing to Mr. Depew's Sunday work than to Mr. Shepard's Sunday rest. ANOTHER step by Congress toward legis-lating in behalf of religion appears in a billŠFifty-first Congress, S. 1748Šintro-duced by Senator Vance, of North Caro-lina, "For the Relief of the Sisters of the Holy Cross in the City of Washington, District of Columbia," which provides thatŠ From and after the passage of this act a certain piece of land in the city of Washington, District of Columbia, known as lot sixteen, in square two hun-dred and forty-seven of the plan of that city, and  owned and occupied by the Sisters of the Holy Cross, and all the buildings and grounds or property appurtenant thereto and used in connection there-with, in the District of Columbia, shall be exempt from any and all taxes and assessments, national, municipal, or coUnty; and all taxes or assessments, together with the interest and penalties now due and unpaid upon said property shall be, and they are hereby remitted. Why should the propertv of "the Sisters of the Holy Cross" be exempt .from all taxes and assessments, any more than the property of everybody else ? What is the particular benefit of the Sisters of the Holy Cross, over everybody else, to the nation, the city, and the county, that their property should be exempt from all taxes and assessments at the expense of everybody else in the nation, the city, and the county? It will doubtless be answered that this is church property, and that all church property is exempt. Then we would ask the same questions in regard to all the church property in the nation. Why should the people be required thus to pay tribute to the churches ? If Con-gress can require that this measure of tribute shall be paid by the public to the churches, why can it not also require that all the revenues required by the ,churches' shall likewise be paid by the public ? If so much shall be done when it is asked, what is to hinder the doing of all the rest as it shall be asked ? Our comments upon the bill concerning the clock and bells are to be applied to this bill also; and of this, too, we say, Let it be killed. And let every other like it be annihilated throughout the Union. Ł Ł Ł  THE Fresno (Cal.) Inquirer, a live news- - paper published in the metropolis of. the San Joaquin Valley, has a " Department of Church mid State and Temperance," ably edited by N. J. Bowers, a former contributor to the columns of the AMERI-CAN SENTINEL. We are glad that the secular press not only in California, but very generally throughout the country, is waking up to the importance of this ques-tion; and this is the more encouraging from the fact that a large majority of, the secular papers are opposed to so-called National Reform, and to the schemes of the American Sabbath Union. We bid the Inquirer Godspeed in its new, depart-ure, and trust that it will add greatly both to its popularity and to its influence. THE AMElifCAIV SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preserva- - Lion of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending towards a union of Church and State, either in name or in fast. SINGLE COPY, PER YEAR, POST-PAID, . . . . $1.00. In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, . . . 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, 5s. Address AMERICAN SENTINEL. 45 BOND STREET, NEW Your. 