194 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. from Mr. Crafts, the same old one in which that Sunday-law worthy magnifies the op-pression of the workingman, wherein he does seven days' work for six days' pay. He referred to the decision of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania in which the con-stitutionality of the Sunday law had been maintained, and in which it was declared that the law had no reference to religion, and did not enforce any religious observ-ance, nor place any restrictions upon the freedom of conscience. He argued that men were better for being able to stop work Saturday night and rest Sunday, and closed with a renewal of his protest against the editor of THE SENTINEL'S right tt speak, and declared that he ought not to be heard. As soon as he had taken his seat, the chairman, Mr. Zane, who is also a mem-ber of the committee to whom the ordi-nance was referred, explained that if any one was to blame for the extent of the public notice that had been taken of the movement, it was he, as he was the one who had secured the hall, announced the hearing, and had given as much public no-tice of it as possible; and further, if any one was to blame for Mr. Jones's being there, he was responsible for that too, as he had invited him. (Applause.) The edifor of THE SENTINEL was the second speaker, and argued as follows :Š Mr. Chairman, gentlemen of the Coun-cil, and citizens of Bradford : I am here, as you perceive, and as you have been twice informed by the speaker who opened the discussion. I have no apology to make for my being here. It is true that I am not a citizen of Bradford nor an in-habitant of Pennsylvania, but I was in-vited by those who are both citizens of Bradford and inhabitants of Pennsylvania, to come and speak for them upon this question; and I offer it as my opinion that the citizens of Bradford have the right to invite whomsoever they please, from what-ever place, to speak for them upon any subject upon which they want to be heard. (Applause.) You have been informed that this is not an ecclesiastical court, that it is not a court before which ecclesiastical or relig-ious questions are to be tried, that it is a civil Sabbath only, which is contemplated in this movement and in the ordinance proposed. Please bear that in mind while I read the ordinance proposed. It is as follows AN ORDINANCE Prohibiting all persons in the city of Bradford from desecrating the Sabbath day, commonly called Sunday, and providing a penaltyŁfor the violation of the same. Be it enacted, and it is hereby enacted, and or-dained, by the Select and Common Councils of the city of Bradford, Pennsylvania: SECTION 1. By authority of and in conformity with Section 1, Act of April 22d, 1794, all persons are hereby forbidden to perform any worldly em-ployment or business whatsoever, within the city of Bradford, on the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday, or- to pursue any game, hunting, shooting, sport or diversion whatever. Provided, however, that work of necessity and charity shall not. be  construed to be 'violations of this ordinance. Ł SEC. 2. Any person convicted of the violation of this ordinance, before the Mayor or any Alderman of the city of Bradford, shall, at the discretion of said magistrate, be fined a sum not exceeding four dollars ($4.00), and in default of payment of said fine and costs of prosecution, may be imprisoned in the city lockup or county jail not more than six days. Now please bear in mind that this has been declared by the first speaker not an ecclesiastical court, and not a court before which religious questions are to be tried, and let us compare with this statement some of the terms, in fact the material terms, of the proposed ordinance. It is entitled, you see, " An ordinance prohibit-ing all persons in the city of Bradford from desecrating the Sabbath day." Civil things cannot be desecrated. A thing must be consecrated before it can be dese-crated. Let us read, therefore, the defini-tion of this word " desecrate." It is, " To divert from a sacred purpose." And yet we are to suppose there is " nothing relig-ious" about thatŠsacred things are all "civil." The truth is, as you see, that the ordinance is religious, that by the very first material word in it it is committed to the guardianship of sacred things; so that at the very first step it enters the realm of religion, and they cannot escape it. (Ap-plause.) Let us read further, in this definition. " Desecrate " is to divert from a purpose to which a thing is consecrated. There-fore you see that by the language itself in which we speak, civil things cannot be desecrated; that a thing must be conse-crated before it is possible to desecrate it. But let us find what " consecrate" means. The definition of this word is, " To set apart to the service and worship of God." Yet, friends, don't forget that you have been informed that this ordinance is to have " nothing to do with religion "Šthe first speaker said so; but although the previous speaker told you this, yet the ordinance which is framed in the very words for which they asked, and which they accept as entirely satisfactory, so far declares its object to be to prohibit all persons in the city of Bradford from diverting the Sab-bath day, commonly called Sunday, from the worship of God. The ordinance pro-hibits " any diversion whatsoever." That covers all manner of diversions. Now, what does "diversion" mean? This word is defined as " that which turns off from any course, direction, or intended application." What then is the intended application of the day ?ŠThe worship of God. There-fore the proposed ordinance distinctly de-clares that no person in the city of Brad-ford shall turn off Sunday in any way whatsoever from the service and worship of God. But don't forget " there is noth- ing religious " about that, oh no, that is all civilŠa " civil Sabbath." Another thing, friends. Don't forget that you have been informed that this is  not an ecclesiastical court; distinctly bear in mind that this is not a court before which religious questions are to be tried. Yes, I hope you will; for if you do, you will know easily enough what to do with this ordinance which is wholly religious. Again : the proposed ordinance says that all persons are hereby forbidden " to per-form any worldly employment or business whatsoever within the city of Bradford upon the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday." What is worldly employment, business, etc.? " Worldly" is defined as " secular, temporal, pertaining to this world or life in contradistinction to the life to come." Therefore this ordinance if adopted will forbid any citizen of Brad-ford from doing anything whatsoever on Ł Sunday that pertains to this world or to this life. All that you can do must per-tain to the next world and the life to come. But let us read further. Worldly things are said to be " secular." What does " secular " mean ? It means " pertaining to. this present world, or to things not spiritual or holy, relating to things not immediately or primarily respecting the soul, but the body; worldly." By these definitions from beginning to end, which are but the definitions of the material words of this proposed' ordinance, you see as plainly as any one ever need to see any-thing, that the object of it is religious and nothing else; that its purpose is to guard that which is consecrated, that which is set apart, to the worship of God; that it proposes to prohibit the citizens of this place from having anything whatsoever to do with any thing that pertains to this world or to this life, or the body, or any-thing not spiritual or holy. And yet you must not forget that you have been in-formed that there is " nothing religious " about it, that it is a " civil Sabbath " only, and that this is not an ecclesiastical court, not a court before which religious ques-tions can properly be brought. It may not be out of place again to remark that if you but bear in mind that that is the char-acter of this court, you will have not the slightest difficulty in readily deciding what to do with this proposed ordinance. Further it is a principle recognized by all classes who believe in religion, from Blackstone all the way up, that no statute can of right enforce anything that is con-trary to the word of God, and if any such statute is enacted, every one has a right to disobey it and follow the word. Now let us read another passage from the proposed ordinance, and compare it with some state-ments which I have from respectable au-thorities on the Sunday law question. The ordinance, you perceive, prohibits any person from pursuing " any game, hunt-ing, shooting, sport, or diversion whatso-ever, on the first day, commonly called Sunday." Fishing is put under the head of " sport " in law and in practice. Now the American Sabbath Union in Document No. 9 says that, " All the appearances of 