TEM SENTINEL OF _LIBERTY. Sunday night a mob surrounded the private house in which the " Zionists" were holding services, wrecked the building, destroyed the furniture, and broke up the meeting. The " Zionist " elders were rescued by the police, and were locked up to save them from the fury of the mob. It does not appear that the " Zionites " had com-mitted any unlawful act. They had simply offended the sensibilities of the people by denouncing popular sins and preaching doctrines not generally held. Their language may have been violent, but the fact that they were mobbed and not prosecuted in the courts is prima facie evidence that they, were not guilty of criminal libel. Evidently the " Zionists " kept within their legal right, hence the appeal to " mob law." The incident shows by how a slight.  a tenure the American people hold some of their most sacred rights. Constitutional guarantees are of value only so long as supported by the convictions and will of the people. This is well illustrated by the efforts of the Government to secure equal political rights for the negroes of the South. These efforts have failed because the people of the South, the dominant Łrace, were never in sympathy with the XVI. amendment. We are not now discussing the merits of this ques-tion, simply stating the facts. In like manner, only so long as the people love religious liberty, will such liberty be enjoyed, no matter how ample may be the paper guarantees of the rights of conscience. The people of Ohio ought to be both ashamed and alarmed; ashamed;  because of the disgraceful acts of the mob, and alarmed, because of the tangible evidence that their rights rest upon no more sub-stantial basis than the will of the mob. The Same True in Other Places. And what is true in Mansfield is true in many other places. The mobbing of the representatives of un-popular sects is becoming quite common. A special dispatch from Chattanooga to the Inter Ocean, under date of July 3o, says: Ł " The sect of Sanctificationists by its strange, weird teachings and practices has produced open rebellion at Shoal Creek, North Carolina, a sparsely-settled region near the Tennessee boundary. One hundred and ten of the citizens of that community met yes terday.at this, church,. dernolishedŁit, and burned it up,_ The Rev., Gay Bryant, a Methodist minister, preaChed a sermon to the' excited and infuriated crowd whilethe building was hiltning. About three years ago' this doctrine of-sartcrintV tion was brought to this community, and within a short time it had a considerable following. Its ad-herents erected a church in which to worship, as the other denominations refused- them the use of their churches. The teaching and preaching of the sanctification doctrine created a great deal of excite-Merit and confusion. The leaders soon beian to teach baptism of fire, the holy dance, the dynamite, the lyddite, the exite, the selite, and many other things never heard of before. They claimed that God had revealed things to them in various ways, such as total abstinence from the use of coffee, meats, medicines, etc." " Last Friday P. E. Nelson, the Rev. Gay Bryant, and Haron Berrang sent out a request for all the people to meet "them at this church yesterday morn-ing for the purpose of destroying it. One hundred and ten met them there, and of this number six re-fused to assist in destroying the church, claiming that every man had a right to worship God accord-ing to the dictates of his own conscience, and that no one had a right to destroy his property or put him in fear. The other 104 razed and burned the church, and the Rev. G. Bryant delivered a sermon while the building was burning. Then the crowd passed a resolution notifying the members of this' church not to build another church anywhere in the country." The expressions " baptism of fire," " dynamite," " lyddite," etc., do not refer to literal fire and high explosives, but are used by the " Sanctificationists " as meaning great spiritual power. Doubtless the height of the offending of the " Holiness people," for this is the name by which they describe them-selves, was in denouncing popular sins, preaching " new and strange doctrines," dividing other churches and incidentally depriving the regular ministers of a portion of their financial support. We have little sympathy with the doctrine of holi-ness as held and taught by the Holiness people, but., inasmuch as in holding and teaching the doctrine they do not interfere with the equal rights of other people they have just as good right to believe and practice their religion as have Methodists, Presby-terians, Baptists, or people of any other denomina-tion, With George Washington, THE SENTINEL believes that " every man who conducts.himself as a good citizen is accountable alone to God for his religious faith, and should be protected in worshiping God according to the diCtates of his own conscience." 