22 AMERICAN SENTINEL. reached it was well nigh extinct; and the majority of the human family, worn out by the struggle of centuries, were about to sink into a long sleep of political death from which it seemed almost impossible that there should be an awakening. But the spark of light and life still burned; and afew bold sentences, the reflection of a few brave hearts, kindled a pillar of fire to .guide mankind out of the wilderness of medieval political errors into the Canaan of governmental truth. As are the ten commandments and the golden rule in divinity, so are the precepts that governments derive their just powers from the consent of the . overned, and that all men are created equal, in civility. The Declaration of Independence and the Con-stitution of the United States are indeed the New and Old Testaments in things pertaining to Caesar, the one serving as a commentary in the light of which the other must be interpreted. Immortal are the words of Jeffer-son, the sage of Monticillo; grand in their simplicity and "noble roughness:"Š "When the course of human events, it becomes necessary for one people to dissolve the political bands which have connected them with another, and to assume, among the powers of the earth, the separate and equal station to which the laws of nature and of nature's God entitle them, a decent respect to the opinions of mankind requires that they should declare the causes which impel them to the separation. "We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness; that to secure these rights, governtnents are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed." The Declaration of Independence is a declaration of great general principles, as well as a recital of certain specific grievances. It was never written to meet the exigencies of one particular time or people. No nation prior to this one had ever declared it as a principle good for all mankind that all men are created equal, or that governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed. None of the great nations of Europe ever taught or believed these precepts. They were born simultaneously With the American Republic. They con-stituted her christening robe and her birthright, peculi-arly her own, and the first infant cry of her' national life. That nation of the Old World which has ever been the foremost in promulgating doctrines of freedom and liberty did not believe these things, for she it was who fought them. She did not even believe them in their most limited sense for her most limited self,Šthe isle of England, as distinguished from colony and dependency. Much less, therefore, did she consider them as divine and immortal truths, applicable to all times and places, and worthy of being the basis of government among men in every kindred and nation and tongue and tribe and people. Well has Charles Sumner said: The words that governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed are sacred words, full of life-giving energy. Not simply national independence was here proclaimed, but- also the primal rights of all mankind. Then and there appeared the angel of human liberation, speaking and acting at once with heaven-born strength, breaking bolts, unloosing bonds, and opening prison doors; always ranging on its mighty errand, wherever there are any, no matter of what country or race, who struggle for rights denied; now cheering Garibaldi at Naples, as it had cheered Washington in the snows of Valley Forge, and especially visiting all who are downtrodden, whispering that there is none so poor as to be without rights which every man is bound to respect, none so degraded as to be beneath its beneficent reach, none so lofty as to be above its restraining power; while before it despotism and oligarchy fall on their faces, like the image of Dagon, and the people everywhere begin to govern themselves." And again he says:Š "These words in the Declaration of Independence were not uttered in vain. Do you suppose them idle? Do you suppose them mere phrase or generality? No such thing. They are living words, by which this coun-try is solemnly bound, and from which it can never escape until they are fulfilled. Your statutes cannot contain any limitation which inflicts an indignity upon any portion of the human family." And yet again:Š "The Declaration of Independence is the twofold promise; first, that all are equal in rights, and secondly, that just government stands only on the consent of the governed, being the two great political commandments on which hang all laws and,, constitutions. Keep these truly, and you will keep all. Write them in your statutes; write them in your hearts. This is the great and only final settlement of all existing questions. To this sublime consecration of the Republic let us aspire." In liberty, therefore, was the nation conceived; to these two propositions was it sacredly dedicated and solemnly sealed in the blood of its noblest sons. As the Bible declares that all men are equal before the Lord, i. e., that, God is no respecter of persons, sothe Declara-tion affirms that all men are equal before the law, and that this equality is their own unalienable and primal right. The Declaration does not mean that all men are equal in all respects. But it does mean and it does say that they are equal in their ritht to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. And in this it recognizes the nobility of plan as the creation of God, and makes no exception or distinction in favor of any human caste or human lineage. Interest that Counts. A FRIEND of the SENTINEL in Logan, Kans., shows his interest in the paper and its work by sending us six new subscriptions for one year. Reader, what are you doing for your community? 