AMERICAN SENTINEL. 307 that believe God: the father of all who will have God alone to be their God. Abraham represented then, the religion of God, the beginning of the Church of God. And, from that State, God separated Abraham. He said to Abraham, "Get thee out of thy country, and from thy kindred, and from thy father's house, into a land that I will show thee." And in thus separating Abraham from that State, from his country, God taught the people then, and through all time, the separation of religion and the State, the separation of Church and State. TnE faith of Christ was not made to be guarded by the power of man, but to guard by its power the man to whom it is.given. 11.- -4 -4- " Christian Citizenship " Defined. IN answer to the question " What is Christian Citi-zenship," the May Christian Endeavorer says that,Š "We must not confuse the 'Christian citizen' with the idea of the Christian business man, Christian me-chanic, Christian father, Christian soldier, or Christian church member; but the 'Christian citizen' is one who brings Christian principles to bear upon his political life.'' In regard to which it may be said that the Christian, merely as such, is a Christian business man, Christian mechanic, Christian father, and Christian in every other relation of his life; for Christianity covers the entire range of life's activities. And as the "Christian citizen" is "not to be confused" with this, it plainly follows that something different from this Christianity regulates his conduct as a "Christian citizen." And such, indeed, is the case; for in politics the aim is to compel men to a certain course of conduct; while Christianity knows no compulsion, but simply says, "Whosoever will, let him come." 0 True Reform Work Illustrated. THE well-known temperance worker, Francis Murphy, has recently been conducting gospel temperance meetings in Boston, with great success. Of the agency by which this success has been attained, he says:Š "From the first we had the presence and power of the Holy Spirit. Men who had been enslaved for years by intoxicating liquors signed the pledge, and reverently kneeling, with tears of repentance running down their faces, cried out, 'Lord, have mercy on me; deliver me from the power and dominion of sin.' Thank God, their prayers have been answered in complete deliverance from the drink habit and all other sinful conduct. "The gospel of Jesus Christ has enabled us to come off more than conqueror in this great struggle with sin in the face of all the people of this classic city of Boston. The press of Boston gave me the most hearty and gener- ous support from the first meeting to the finish, and the ministers also. All denoininations heartily united in the name of Jesus Christ. It has been a Pentecostal time_ We were all with one accord in one place at one time. Men were filled with the Holy Spirit, and began to speak with other tongues as the Spirit gave them utterance. The city government were so favorably impressed with the work that they voted to give Faneuil Hall free of charge to me for the work." And this is what might be done everywhere, if the ef-fort for reform were but conducted by the divine Agency here brought to view. If Mr. Murphy had undertaken to conduct political temperance meetings instead of gospel temperance meetings, would any such success have crowned his efforts? Certainly not. The Spirit of God is the great reforming agency in this world, and without this no righteous reform can be accomplished. If the cause be righteous, its leaders may confidently look to God for the power to crown their efforts with success. Alas, that so many reformers of this day should be grasping for political power, instead of seeking for the power of the Spirit! Tak gospel of God finds every person in bondage, and calls every person to liberty. "If the Son shall make you free," is its language, "ye shall be free indeed." No per-son whom the Son makes free can have occasion to com-plain that he is in slavery. A Government of God on Earth. IN a Christian government God is King, Judge, and Lawgiver, and the individual man or woman is the, sub-ject who is governed. There is a government of God on earth wherever there is an individual who has entered into governmental relations with God. This can be done only by faith, for "the carnal mind is enmity against God," and only faith in God can eliminate the carnal or natural propensities fi om the soul. It is in accordance with God's plan of redemption that the government of God should exist in this form among men. It is the only possible form in which it can exist under the conditions which have ensued since the fall. Every other "government of God," therefore, is not in the purpose of God, and is not God's government. It is as useless for men to try to set up a government of God on the earth as it would be for them to undertake any other form of opposition to God. The plan of re-demption can be carried out only as it is now being car-ried out through the operation of God's grace upon the individual heart, bringing it into subjection to the will of God. And the grace of God must operate through faith. In the government of God, God's law is the rule of conduct. This is a perfect ruleŠthe only one in existence Šbeing dictated by Omniscience. It would seem that all people who have the Bible should be aware of this; 