212 AwnwritiCA.N SENT,IN-RE,t, VoL. 8, No. 27. enthusiastic zealots for religious legisla-tion probably ever will grasp. As to " representatives of greed," it is not to be said but what their motive is gain. But in regard to Seventh-day Adventists, the character and object of their work is most grossly misrepresented. Their attitude toward the Fair is so well put by the AMERICAN SENTINEL of June 15, that it is quite needless to amplify, further than to say that they attempt neither to break down nor to build up the authority of the true Sabbath; for it can-not be broken down, and needs no build-ing up. But as to the authority of Sun-day, if that is what the Advocate meant when it uses the expression, " to break down the authority of the Sabbath," Seventh-day 'Adventists will forever op-pose that; for the authority of Sunday is the very same authority which is making desperate efforts to protect Sunday by closing the gates of the Fair on that day. The statement that Seventh-day Advent-ists are attempting to "nullify the action of Congress " is true, in the sense that they persistently protest against all reli-gious legislation by Congress, because of the disastrous results to both Church and State, that will inevitably follow the adop-tion of such a course. Seventh-day Adventists are doing all in their power to shut down the flood-gates of wickedness, the lifting of which has been too serious an " American object-lesson for the representatives of the world." It must not be denied that many of these " representatives of the world " know too well what this lifting of the flood-gates of wickedness, which are being hoisted higher and higher in this country, means. They are not without experience in this kind of work, being acquainted with it in the history of their ancestors and with the vestiges of it which still remain in their own day. And so far from America's setting a worthy object-lesson to the world by this sort of legisla-tion, she would better learn an object-lesson from the past history of the " world " and clamp her flood-gates tighter,Šthe very thing which Seventh-day Adventists are earnestly beseeching her to do; not because she is legislating for Sunday and not for Saturday, as many represent them as doing, but because her legislation is religious legislation, and will ultimately, if continued, lead to legisla-tion on more religious subjects than the Sabbath, and utterly ruin both Church and State. And they "have not yet given up the contest." Seventh-day Adventists are charged with doing the very thing the Methodists themselves are helping to do. If the charge were true, Methodists ought not to be ashamed of their company. Seventh-day Adventists do not "propose [purpose, the Advocate doubtless means] to try every device to break the precedent and get the gates open," but they do pur-pose to use every honorable means to get Congress to keep its hands off of every religious question. If Congress' having nothing to do with opening or closing the gates of the Fair on Sunday, will open the gates, then it might be said that, indi-rectly, Adventists are working to get the gates open. But this is not the end they seek, by any means. Opening the gates would be merely incidental, should Ad-ventists succeed in their object. But the Advocate says, " Let us hope they will not succeed." Perhaps it will change its atti-tude when it learns their true object. Seventh-day Adventists are really work- ing just as truly in the interests of Methodists and all other churches as in their own, in protesting against religious legislation by Congress. The Advocate says further :Š It is in the true interest of the workingmen that those gates be kept tightly shut every Lord's day. Were the Sabbath to be abrogated the workingmen would know no rest and probably enjoy no in-creased remuneration. Let Rev. Mr. Dunnett, the Canadian evangelist, answer in the words with which he arraigns the Methodists for their aggressive attitude on the World's Fair Sunday opening : " In the name of God, my friends, as you hope to stand before the great tribunal of God, quit this sham. It is a farce. The world knows it and laughs at you." This pleading, in behalf of the workingmen, is but a piece of af- fected altruism. The workingmen do not, as a rule, ask nor want any such help; nor is the Church sincere in asking Sun-day legislation in behalf of workingmen. It is asked in behalf of Sunday only, and hence in behalf of what she regards a religious institution. It matters not whether the workingmen do or do not want Sunday legislation, the State has no right to meddle with it. If the manage- ment want to close the Fair on Sunday in the interest of the workingmen, all right; they have a right to do what they regard as in the best interests of the Fair. In an article in the Advocate, immedi-ately following the one under considera-tion, it styles the action of the directors of the Columbian Exposition, in admitting the public to the grounds on Sunday, " a great blunder." But the truth is that the great blunder" is made by the Advocate in supposing the " Sabbath to be abro-gated " by the opening of the Fair on Sunday. It is, too, a twofold " great blunder;" for Sunday is not the Sabbath, and if it were, it could not be abrogated by opening the Fair on that day. And not only this, but this twofold great blun-der is based on a profound error. The authority of the true Sabbath is not vested in the government. And right here have not Sunday observers given their case away? Their Sabbath is of such a nature and rests on such authority that they con-sider that if the Government closes the Fair on Sunday its sacredness will be pre-served; but that if it opens the Fair on that day the Sabbath would be abrogated. Now, to abrogate, means "to annul by an authoritative act "; and as they con-sider that it would be abrogated, should the government allow the Fair to be open, they frankly confess that the authority of their Sabbath rests in the Government or State. They are right. It not only had its origin in the State and has maintained its existence by the State, but that State was and is a State in the most corrupt form, a union of Church and StateŠthe Papacy. And this is the only authority it has. If its supporters recognized its real authority, they would be acting con-sistently in seeking the help of the State to maintain it, but nevertheless contrary to the principles of right and justice, plainly set forth in our Constitution. But hear the Advocate again:Š The nation would likewise take a tumble down-ward, for history shows that no nation has ever long prospered in open defiance of God and his laws. Decay, disaster and death surely await that people who ruthlessly trample under foot the com-mands of Jehovah. Granting the truth of this statement, it is one of the very best arguments that our Nation leas already lost its equilibrium and  is beginning its downward course. The " command of Jehovah " is, " Render to Caesar the things that are Csar's, and to God the things that are God's." Ca3sar's image and superscription is not on the true Sabbath, but God's is. Therefore if it is attempted to turn the Sabbath over to Caesar, it is " in open defiance of God and his laws." And there could be no better characterization of this step than dipping in a "compromising sop to Satan." It is said of Judas Iscariot that " after the sop Satan entered into him," but it does seem that in this case Satan must have entered before the sop. " We still hope that this disreputable scheming may, by some process, be stopped." W. E. HOWELL. The Sabbath Made for Man. IT is often argued that the Sabbath was made because man needed a weekly period of rest. This statement is based on the words of Christ, in answer to the question of the Pharisees when the disciples were plucking corn on a certain Sabbath day, " Behold, why do they on the Sabbath day that which is not lawful ? " Christ's answer was, " The Sabbath was made for man, and not man for the Sabbath." Did he mean by this that the Sabbath was made for man because he needed physical rest? That was not what the Sabbath was made for. God rested on the seventh day; but *as it because he was tired and needed rest? In Isaiah 40 : 28 we have these words : " Hast thou not known? hast thou not heard, that the everlasting God, the Lord, the Creator of the ends of the earth, fainteth not, neither is weary? " So it was not because he was weary that he rested " from all his works which he had made." Then the question comes, Why did God rest on the seventh day? Because "in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is." His work was finished, and so he rested because it was finished. One of the definitions of " rest," given by Webster, is : " A cessa-tion from motion or labor." So it was with God; he ceased from labor, or rested, on the seventh day. " And God blessed the seventh day, and sanctified it : because that in it he had rested from all his work which God had created and made." The Sabbath is holy, because God sanctified it, and to sanctify anything is to set it apart for a holy pur-pose; so it is in this sense the Sabbath was made for manŠfor his spiritual and not his physical rest. In Exodus 31: 12-14, we find the Lord commanded the children of Israel on this wise : " And the Lord spake unto Moses, saying, Speak thou also unto the children of Israel, saying, Verily my Sabbaths ye shall keep : for it is a sign between me and you throughout your generations; that ye may know that I am the Lord that doth sanctify you. Ye shall keep my Sabbath, therefore; for it is holy unto you." Now, if the Lord made the Sab-bath for man's physical rest, why did he not here command them to rest because they physically needed it? Instead, he told them to rest because the day was holy, and because it was a sign between himself and them. A sign of what? A sign that those who keep the Sabbath are the children of God; so to say that the Sabbath was given for physical rest takes all the sanctity from it. It does not tend 