THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 261 united, prompt action and let every Christian fam-ily pledge to stay away and not patronize the insti-tution. Give the world to understand that the re-ligious element is a power in this country sufficient at least to cause the Sabbath to be respected by those wielding the Government, if not by individ-uals. Let it be remembered that this plan of a religio-political boycott against the open Sunday Fair and all congressmen who should favor it, was inaugurated long be-fore its threatenings became effective in the recent action of Congress. And the end is not yet. The majority of Americans were, and are still, indifferent, heedless of the dan-ger that threatens individual constitu-tional liberty, from the arrogant dictation of an ecclesiastic minority. An irretrace-able step has been taken to commit the Government of the United States to a systematic course of religious legislation. What shall be the next ? National Re-formism replies through the mouth of Rev. J. D. Sand, of Pittsburg, " The Church is gaining power continually and its, voice will be heard in the future much oftener than in the past." Listen to the voice of Christ : " My king-dom is not of this world." "Not through power, nor with might, but by my Spirit shall mankind be redeemed." His reli-gion has no place for any scheme of com-pulsion by civil enactment. The gospel is "the power of God unto salvation," not the jubilant threat of a legalized religious despotism. Herein is something to be pondered by every genuine Christian; something that should be rousingly sig-nificant to every patriotic lover of liberty. F. W. HowE. Ann Arbor, Mich. The Trial by Battle. IT is the first impulse of the natural man to assert his rights, either real or assumed, by a resort to personal combat. No longer ago than the fifteenth and six-teenth centuries this method of determin-ing disputes was a part of the English code, acknowledged and practiced in due form as an accepted judicial procedure. As late as 1817 Lord Ellenborough de-clared that " the general law of the land is that there shall be a trial by battle in cases of appeal unless the party brings himself within some of the exceptions." In 1818 the law was abolished. But neither the theory nor the practice of trial -by battle seems to have been done away with. It continues to this day. Appeal to the court of violence is now more com-mon than ever. The organized iron work-ers of Homestead have taken the issue of battle " on a writ of right," against their unorganized fellow workmen. The miners of Cceur d'Alene have put their claims to the same test, as against the same oppo-nents. The railroad switchmen of Buffalo have left their switches and are burning cars by the hundred, while the military must be called out to protect their fellow switchmen who wish to work. The ex-cuse of the coal miners of Tennessee for violence presents itself in another form, but its results, while more indirect, are still the same, in throwing hundreds of men out of employment who were depend-ent upon the output of the mines for coal to run the machinery which gave them work. But beyond this is the grave fact that thousands of men are in armed rebellion against the authority of the State. The State is for the time being in  subjection to an unlawful, armed assem-bly. They have proved the State power-less to protect others, they may yet find it powerless to protect them. No greater travesty ever was en-acted in all the world than these scenes of violence which purport to be for the betterment of the laboring man, and really are but the battles of one set of la-boring men against another, and the re-sult nothing but loss of time, loss of money, physical injury, to whom ?ŠThe laboring man. They certainly prove it true that he who takes the sword shall perish by the sword. But the labor world is not alone in or-ganization to gain its ends by force and violence. The religious world is doing the same thing. As strange and contra-dictory a thing as it seems, it is neverthe-less true. They quote the Master as say-ing, " My kingdom is of this world, and therefore will my servants fight." Ac-. cording to this reading of the' Master's words they are organizing the church militant on every possible line of civil, political, and legal aggression; and, even beyond that, conspiring to boycott, and in public meetings urging that their pur-poses be carried, out even if to do it should require the bullet and the bayonet. What a burlesque it all is ? In the name of fel-lowship and mutual protection the labor-ing men turn and rend each other! In the name of Christ, who brought peace on earth and good-will to men, these great religious organizations turn his gospel of peace into a gospel of force, his good-will to all men into to all who dissent. Oh, the burlesque of it! Where is the voice that will sound the truth so loud that it will ring in the ears of every man ? W. H. M. The Agitation Will Continue. NOTWITHSTANDING the fact that Con-gress has undertaken to champion the coun-terfeit Sabbath, thus committing the Gov-ernment to a course of religious legislation, the question of the Sunday closing of the World's Fair is not yet fully settled. Of course, it is entirely unlikely that Con-gress will undo what it went so far out of its way to do; nevertheless the action of the Brotherhood of Carpenters and Join-ers in National convention at St. Louis, on the 8th inst., is significant. That body adopted a resolution in regard to the Fair, demanding of Congress the repeal of the clause, of the act recently passed, closing the Fair on Sunday, also calling upon the World's Columbian Exposition directory, of Chicago, to use all means in its power to keep the Exposition open, thereby keep-ing faith with the people from whom they have solicited and received subscriptions, and calling upon all labor unions of the craft to use every honorable me ins in their power to compel their representatives in Congress to vote for the opening of the World's Columbian Exposition. This action shows that the agitation concerning the closing of the Fair, is not at an end, and the more the question is agitated the more clearly will thinking people see that Sunday is without a ves-tige of title to be called the Sabbath. Of course with thou-sands this will make not one whit of difference, but there are peo-ple who hate and despise frauds, and the Sunday institution will lose vastly more in the estimation of honest men than it can possibly gain in governmental patron- age. Government may foster the counter-feit and declare it genuine but it can never make it so. It is a fraud and it can never be anything else. A Protest Presented. [The Daily Northwestern, of Oshkosh, Wisconsin, publishes a letter from a citizen of Wisconsin to a senator from that State and the senator's reply,Šboth of which show an understanding and appre-ciation of the utter impropriety of the legislative course taken by Congress upon religion at the World's Fair such as should be brought home to the comprehension of every citizen and every legislator in this country.] A PROTEST against legislation by Con-gress closing the World's Fair on Sunday, was numerously signed in Racine and for-warded to Senator Sawyer with the fol-lowing letter to which Senator Sawyer re-sponded in the subjoined reply Racine, Wis., July 13, 1892. HON. PHILETUS SAWYERŠDear Sir; We hold, with our fathers, the founders of our great Republic, this truth to be self-evident, that all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty and the pur-suit of happiness; that to secure these rights governments are instituted among men deriving their just power from the consent of the governed. In regard to the closing of the World's Fair on Sunday, I believe it will do more harm than good. Its success entirely depends on the honest and wise management of the institution, just as the progress of our land depends upon the honor and dignity we maintain or show to our fundamental principles. Our Nation is composed of most all kinds of nationalities and denominations. This our fathers considered, and actuated by their personal experience, and, in the light of the history of religious intoler-ance, provided such measures for individ-ual liberty of conscience, and built our Republic upon such a broad foundation, where all nationalities and denominations are secured equal and exact justice, of whatever persuasion, political and reli-gious. The World's Fair, you will admit, is under the same obligation to the popula-tion of the world as our Government to the people, as it is not a Fair for any one nation or sect, but for the interest of the world, with the intention to ennoble the visitor, enlarge his intelligence, for edu-cating and developing the people for a higher culture. When the Fair be given to such ends, I believe that less iniquity and immorality will be practiced by keep-ing it open, as it will keep the masses on the ground. My assertion is indicated by the fact that the Chicago liquor dealers want it closed. Why not leave the authority in the hands of the directors, in whom it is trusted? The appropriation of $5,000,000, as you understand, belongs to the people, and not to any certain class of men, whether Christians or liberals. And you also know that our national as well as every State constitution favors none, but protects all. Moreover, anyone who for conscience sake can not visit the Fair on Sunday, can, of course, stay away, and unmolested worship God according to the dictates of his own conscience. The Blue Laws of Connecticut and Mas-sachusetts ought not to be executed in our advanced age. The Israelite's, the Ad-ventist's, the Seventh-day Baptist's and liberal's right and liberty ought to be re- 