AMERICAN SENTINEL. 359 compel the performance of a religious act as the church has to prohibit it. The individual is responsible to God for the character of his actions. And when he submits to any human dic-tation in religion, whether from State or Church, he de-nies God's right to govern his actions by the divine prin-ciple of love, and to guide him by His Word and His Spirit. 10- 0 4 4 Blue Laws in New Jersey. "Catholic Standard and Times," May 22. LAWS that are deeply, darkly, but not beautifully blue still guard the coasts of New Jersey. It is not law-ful there to try to avert danger to life and limb on the sabbath day, as the Erie Railroad people found out this week when they set a gang of men to work at a level crossing where the ground was found to be unsafe. The Mayor, the Aldermen, the Street Superintendent, and Mr. Dogberry were hurriedly got together, and the watch was directed to arrest all the "vagrom men" who had so outraged the feelings of New Jersey. This was done, and the laborers, having been brought before a justice, were let out on bail. It is entirely lawful to employ men in blue to enforce Blue Laws, but not to endeavor to pre-vent the town being painted red by some appalling cat-astrophe on a railway line. These good Jersey people read the Bible, but only, it appears, with one eye open. 0-5- 40 -4 -4- A Prior " Christian Nation" Decision. IN a recent issue of the New York Journal, Mr. A. H. Lewis points out that the Supreme Court decision of February, 1892, that the United States is a Christian nation, is not the first decision made in a court of law on this subject, but that as far back as 1813 a decision was rendered which affirmed just the opposite of that of 1892. The circumstances are given as follows:Š "The time was 1813; the scene a town on the Bar-bary coast. An American privateer put in with three hapless British ships as prizes. The privateer turned over the three captured Britons to Mordecai Noah, after-ward high sheriff of New York, and incidentally a news-paper partner of James Watson WebbŠthen American agent or consul-general to the Barbaries. The pri-vateer wanted the prizes hawked off at public outcry; the Yankee captain hungered for the money he had fought for. "But the British minister there stationed objected. He pulled a treaty on the Bey- of Tunis, who was about to authorize the saleŠthe Bey, by the way, was to get 20 per cent. This treaty which had been made between the Bey.andGreatBritain distinctly recited that in event of a war between England and 'any other Christian na-tion' neither side should be permitted the Barbary ports as a theatre of sale for prizes. "Noah admitted the treaty, but contended that the United States was not a 'Christian nation,' and didn't fall within the terms of the treaty. Noah showed the Bey our ConstitutionŠour bill of rights. He invoked his olive-colored admiration to the fact that we had no na-tional church, and that Christian, Jew (Noah was a Jew), and Mohammedan, were alike equally free in the enjoy-ment of every American privilege. "Therefore, claimed Noah, the United States could not be called a 'Christian nation,' . . . It took the Bey ten minutes to decide with Noah. TheUnited States was not a ' Christian nation.' The British minister was turned down, the prizes were sold, the wise Bey got his rake-off of 20 per cent. of that auction's proceeds, and the decision itself was never attacked. It stands to this day.- In 1813 the Constitution was better known and ap-preciated than it is to-day. He Rode on Sunday. New York "World," Jane 5 AT last the royal dictum of imperial New Jersey has gone forth. It is vicious and immoral to ride a bicycle on Sunday, unless to church. Justice Collins, of Westfield, has said it. _ A Westfield man was riding his wheel Sunday. He was run down and injured by another wheelman and brought suit before Justice Collins. The Justice, looking over his spectacles, shook his head. " You were violating the State law in riding on Snn-day for pleasure," said the' Solomon. "You have no right to sue for damages." And the Westfield man went away and wept. The Beauties of State Prayer. PRESS dispatches from Springfield, Ill., under date of June 3, mentioned the following:Š "The chaplain of the House, the Rev. David G. Brad-ford, opened proceedings to-day in the State legislature with the following prayer:Š " Almighty God, we seek thy presence and blessing at the beginning of another day's diligent labor. Help us, we pray thee, in the discharge of this day's duties. Help these men to remember the poor, tax-burdened peo-ple of this great State. "`Contract, we pray thee, the capacious maw of the penal reformatory, charitable and educational institu-tions of Illinois. May they learn to be content with less money, and may we, who refuse to worship a golden calf, refuse also to worship gold in any other form. " 'Forbid that any foreigwr visiting our shores shall ever again have occasion to write:Š "'Money, money, i all their cry; Money's the total sum. Give us money or else we die, Oh, let the money come.' - "`And we will ever give thee endless praise. Amen.' "This prayer was greeted with enthusiastic applause." 