MARCH 12, 1896. AIVIMELICA_N SMNIPINEILA 83 made a sabbath "law," which commands the observance of the first day of the week. But it is with this law as with his laws against murder, theft, or adultery,Šit is not the law of God. Yet in making it, man assumes to reenact and enforce the Sabbath law of God, since the Sabbath is an institution pertaining solely to man's relation to God. It is proper that human laws should forbid murder, theft, adultery, etc., in order that men may live in the enjoyment of their nat-ural rights. But of the Sabbath God says, "And hallow my Sabbaths; and they shall be a sign between me and you, that ye may know that I am the Lord." Eze. 20: 20. The Sabbath being a sign between God and his people, it cannot properly pertain to any other relation than that between God and his peo-ple. It cannot pertain to the relations be-tween human beings. Since therefore man's word is infinitely below God's word, in power and wisdom and truth, and it is infinitely beyond man's power either to make a sabbath as God did or to re-enact or enforce the law of God, and since the Sabbath is God's distinctive sign between himself and his people (because it points him out as the Creator and therefore the true God) man's sabbath law is nothing else than a most daring piece of presumption. And quite in keeping with its character as such is the fact that it contradicts the law of God by setting up the first day of the week instead of the seventh, as the Sabbath. It ought therefore to be speedily removed from every civil code in which it has found a place. Ł Ł  Ł  FALSE STANDARDS OF RIGHTEOUSNESS. Low standards of righteousness are a char-acteristic of the times in which we live. Speaking of this age, the Apostle Paul wrote to Timothy: " This know also, that in the last days perilous times shall come, for men shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud; . . having a form of god-liness, but denying the power thereof." 2 Tim. 3 : 1-5. The world is full of religious formalism and phariseeism, but there is little seen of the power of godliness. Low standards of righteousness always per-tain to religious formalism. And a low stand-ard of righteousness is a false standard, just as formalism and phariseeism are false stand-ards of religion. And because of these low standards of righteousness, which do not reach above the level of formalism, many people are deceiving themselves with the idea that the world is growing better. In this country we hear much about " civic righteousness," and we also see much that il-lustrates the meaning of the term. We also see an increasing effort being made, especially by the forces of the religious world, to set up this " righteousness" in the place of soul righteousness, and to lead people to put their trust in it. We see legislators being influenced to believe that by the manufacture of such " righteousness" they are making the people better, and saving the nation from divine wrath. All this is a dangerous delusion. For example, we notice some comments of the New York Independent, of February 13, on some of the evils lately suppressed by law in this country, under the heading, " The Passing of Pugilism." The statements of the Independent, besides carrying much influence in themselves, represent the ideas held by a prominent, if not a large, class of the American people. " There is now," says the Independent (italics ours), " no inch of soil in the United  States where prize fighting can be legally car-ried on. Congress passed a bill last week, and the President promptly signed it, which makes it a crime in the District of Columbia, or in any Territory of the United States, or in any strip of country under Federal con- trol, to hold a prize fight. This is a final victory for good morals and humanity over a species of entertainment that, has come to rank with bull fights and other degrading sports. " The time was when the prize fights were considered a very choice kind of amusement for the general public. . . But the public standard of morality is so much higher than it used to be that prize fighting has become as intolerable to the public conscience as duel-ing, the lottery, and other forms of vice. No clearer proof of this could be asked than the entirely successful efforts by the governor of Arkansas and the governor of Texas in preventing the threatened encounter last year." Now the simple truth is that the " public standard of morality " in the days of our an-cestors when pugilism was not prohibited in this country, was not only as high as it is to-day, but much higher. Ask the white-haired survivors of those earlier times if there was then any such carnival of murder, riot, rob-bery, arson, lust, and general immorality as is heralded by the newspapers of our land to-day. They will answer, No. Ask them if the house of God was desecrated by church lotteries, fairs, theatricals, and ridiculous shows, as it is to-day, or if infidelity found ut-terance in the pulpit then as it does to-day? They will tell you, No. As to recently-enacted laws against pugil-ism, it is almost too well known to need men-tioning, that the actuating motive of such legislation was mere policy, and not a horror of the thing prohibited. Each State wishes to be considered as respectable in the public eye as any other State. One State does not wish another to say to her, What is not good enough for me is good enough for you. Even Mexico, while allowing and encouraging the bloody and brutal bull-fighting exhibitions, forbade the proposed pugilistic encounters as strictly as they were prohibited in the United States. The higher " public standard of morality " did not figure in the matter at all. The Independent continues: " It is a good time to point out to those who think the world is going to the bad, . . that they misread the signs. There is a whole series of indications going to show that the moral tide is rising instead of falling. There was a time when some of the people of this country looked with more or less tolerance on the slave trade. Within a generation millions of our citizens have defended slavery. . . The slave trade in the world has been almost entirely broken up; all of the continents except one are prac-tically free from slavery." It is true that there is now no place in our country where an individual of the negro race can be legally held in involuntary servitude; but alas, that form of slavery is not the only one by which it is possible for men to oppress their fellow-beings. There are multitudes of white slaves in our land to-day, made so by human rapacity, greed, lust, and conscience-less use of power. There are hundreds of thousands of unfortunates in the lower stratum of society as it exists in our great citiesŠnot to mention the " submerged tenth "Šcon-demned by human selfishness to a slavery as cruel and as hopeless and as real as any that this country ever knew. And while this state of things continues, and is growing worse, as it is to-day, it is useless to point to the abol- ition of negro slavery as evidence of a rising tide of public morality. Had it not been for the terrible convulsions of the body politic in the civil war, that feature of American life might not yet have been eliminated from our land. " We have also," continues the Independent, " banished the lottery. That was a form of iniquity which seemed to be deeply rooted in one of our States; but in one of the most brilliant contests ever waged against wrong by an aroused conscience, it was finally and for- ever defeated and banished from the soil of the United States." The history of that contest is, however, very much like the his-tory of the contest against pugilism. There is very good reason to believe that conscience had far less to do with the banishment of the evil than had the policy of conforming to the common standard of respectability. We are further told that, " It is in the last decade that the Mormons have surrendered polygamy as an article of their faith and have promised henceforth to respect the conscience of the country. There will be an end to the abomination in form as well as in fact when men who have contracted such marriages have passed away, they having agreed meanwhile to be the husband of one wife only." This is again a most misleading fact in its bearing upon the question here considered. For of the three forms of polygamy known to society in this country, there can be little doubt that the one suppressed was less evil than the others. Open polygamy as formerly practiced in Utah has been prohibited; but secret polygamy, in which only one of the parties concerned is granted the name of wife and the privileges of that relation, is prac-ticed in every part of the Union, and by a far greater number of people than were ever par-ticipants in the polygamy of the Mormons. This fact cannot be questioned; nor are our legislators themselves, many of them,,guiltless upon this point. The third form of this evil has been termed " consecutive polygamy," and this has the sanction of our courts of law. It is seen where parties who have entered into the marriage relation, separate upon some one of the many slight grounds recognized by our courts as le-gally sufficient, and reenter the same relation with other parties. The fearful prevalence of this " consecutive polygamy" is a widely-recognized fact, and one which has led to a strong agitation in our country for more strin-gent laws regulating marriage and divorce. And while it does prevail, as it does to-day, it is useless to point to the suppression of Mormon polygamy as a victory of public morality. The Independent also refers to the victories recently gained in the fight against "gam-bling; " but here again we may be misled. For the worst form of gambling remains un-suppressed, in open and bold defiance of law and public sentiment. Gambling with dice and cards has been to some degree suppressed; but what has been done to suppress gambling in its higher and more "respectable" and more ruinous forms? We allow men to gamble with and " corner" the necessities of life, not only to their own ruin, but to the loss of mill-ions of others, whom they plunge into poverty and suffering. And it is a serious question whether this may not lead erelong to a social revolittion which will drench the land with blood. It is a great mistake to imagine that im-morality can be suppressed, or righteousness established, by human law. The seat of im-morality, or of righteousness, is the heart; and that no human law can reach. We must, of course, have laws against those evils which 