Home of Alexander Campbell. U14 .A..1%1E10151,ECIt.N 11, No. WZ. got out of the House of Lords, but Lord Dunraven, who has charge of it, is sanguine of getting it through, and hopes that the government will facilitate its passage in the Commons, where there is an assured majority in its favor. It is difficult to see how this can be man-aged in view of the tangle into which the government has got business; but the Prince of Wales influence with his friend Mr. Bal-four ought to stand the bill in good stead. Ł Ł  HOW SHALL WE REFORM SOCIETY? THIS is the most important question now before the religious world. The opinions of several leaders in religious thought relative to this subject are tersely expressed in the fol-lowing quotations:Š " The gospel began its mission for the ren-ovation of the world with the exhortation, ' Repent, and be baptized, every one of you.' It did not direct its efforts to institutions, but to individuals. And so it must be now. So it will be if the Spirit is poured out. To talk about a revival of civic righteousness as the great need of the times is reversing the divine order; it is putting the effect be-fore the cause; it is trying to build the house without gather-ing the material. We cannot have a Christian city without Christian citizens. Men's hearts must be renewed before we, can hope for new social and civic conditions. Let us labor and pray for what people nowadays sneer at as an old-fashioned revival'Šof the fashion of that first revival when Peter preached in the streets of Jerusalem"Šlierata and fresbyter, Cincin-nati, June 3, 1896. "The Reformation was accom-plished in the name of a spiritual principle. It had proclaimed for its teacher, the word of God; for salvation, faith; for king, Jesus Christ; for arms, the Holy Ghost; and had by these very means rejected all worldly ele-ments. Rome had been estab-lished by 'the law of a carnal commandment;' the Reformation, by the power of an endless life.' Heb. 7:16." " Thus one of the greatest tasks of the sixteenth century was to restore the spiritual element to its rights. The gospel of the re-formers had nothing to do with the world and with politics. While the Roman hier-archy had become "a matter of diplomacy and a court intrigue, the Reformation was des-tined to exercise no other influence over princes and people than that which proceeds from the gospel of peace. "ŠD' Aubigne' s "His-tory of the Reformation."' "I should be afraid to borrow help from government; it would look to me as if I rested on an arm of flesh, instead of depending on the living God. Let the Lord's day be re-spected by all means, and may the day soon come when every shop shall be closed on the sabbath, but let it be by force of conviction, and not by force of policemen; let. true .re-ligion triumph by the power of God in men's hearts and not by the power of fines and pun-ishments."ŠSpurgeon. "It is the duty of the civil power to pro-tect Christians against disturbance in their a Book XIV, ch. 1, pars. 1, 3. 2  Quoted in Australian Sentinel, Melbourne, March, 1895. sabbath worship. But the power is intruding into the divine prerogative when it assumes the right to compel the subject to worship God, or to refrain from those pursuits which do not disturb others. The keeping of the sabbath is eminently a moral duty, and hence it must be a voluntary service rendered under the pressure of moral suasives only."ŠBinney's " Theological Compend."8  "However much we may deprecate the demoralizing tendencies of Sunday theaters and concerts, games and excursions, and the sale of candies and fruits and newspapers on the Lord's day, still we ask for legal restraint upon such things only in so far as they may directly interfere with public religious wor-ship. As Christians we ask of the State only protection in the exercise of our rights of conscience; and we will depend alone upon the truth of God and the Spirit of God to secure the triumphs of Christianity. With an open field and a fair fight, Christianity is more than a match for the world, because the foolishness of God is wiser than men.' 1 Cor. 1: 25. The almightiness of the eter-nal God is in the cross. Hence Christ said : And I, if I be lifted up from the earth, will draw all men unto me.' "ŠRev. D. Read, LL. D.' There is no precept or New Testament, to compel by law any man who is not a Christian, to pay any regard to the Lord's day more than to-  any other day. " Therefore to compel a man who is not a Christian to pay any regard to the Lord's day more than to any other day, is without the authority of the Christian religion. " The gospel commands no duty which can be performed without faith in the Son of God. Whatsoever is not of faith is sin.' " But to compel men destitute of faith to observe any Christian institution, such as the Lord's day, is commanding duty to be per-formed without faith in God. " Therefore, to command unbelievers, or natural men, to observe in any sense the Lord's day, is anti-evangelical or contrary to the gospel."Š"Memoirs, of Alexander Camp-bell," by Robert Richardson, page 528. The Present Spiritual Condition of the Church. " Is there not some reason for the common 2  Methodist Book Concern, New York, 1874, p. 173. "The Lord's Day," p. 31; American Baptist Publishing Society, Philadelphia. impression that the worldly spirit in the church is weakening her power with the public? Are there not evidences at hand that seem to con.-firm the impression that the history of the church in the Roman Empire in the fourth century is repeating itself in the United States to-day? . . . The love of the world, the greed for wealth and the ambition for place and power, leave the church in the hands of a faithful few to bear her burdens and re-sponsibilities, while the great body of her membership joins the world in Sunday pleas-uring."ŠRev. George Guirey. " Many of our congregations are conducted on the basis of social clabs. They are made centers of social influence. ' Membership is sought in order to advance one's prospects in society, business, or politics. . . . The class books are filled with names of uncon-verted men and women. Official members may be found in box, dress circle, and par-quet of opera and theater. Communicants take in the races and give and 'attend card parties and dances. The distinction between inside and outside is so obscure that men smile when asked to unite with the church and sometimes tell us that they find the best men outside."ŠDr. Moore, editor "Western Christian Advocate."' the concerns of religion, living half in paganism and half in an outward show of Christianity, composed the crowds that thronged the churches on the festivals of the Christians, and the theaters on the fes-tivals of the pagans."ŠDr. Heander.' No well-informed Christian will deny that the spiritual condition of the church to-day is substantially as described by Drs. Guirey and Moore. No unbiased student of history will deny the truthfulness of Dr. Guirey's state-ment that the religious conditions in the United States are a striking parallel of the religious conditions of the fourth century. Again, no Protestant student of history will deny that the Papacy resulted from an at-tempt, by church leaders, to compel a worldly church membership, by civil enactments, to conform outwardly to religious observances, instead of converting the heart by the power of the word of God wielded by the Spirit of God. Reader, do you mourn the presence of 6  " The Hallowed Day " (Dartmouth College, $500 Prize Essay), Baker & Taylor Co., New York, p 57. Western Christian Advocate, Cincinnati, July 19, 1893. " History of the Christian Church," Vol. 3. Art. 22, par. 2. " History of the Christian Religion and Church," Vol. 2, Sec. 3, Part I, Div. I, par. 1. command in the whatever in Similar Conditions in the Fourth Century. " Christianity became a matter of fashion. The num-ber of hypocrites and formal professors rapidly increased; strict discipline, zeal, self-sacrifice, and-brotherly love proportionately ebbed away, and many heathen customs and usages, under al ter ed names, crept into the worship of God and the life of the Christian people."ŠDr. Schaff.' " The vast numbers who, from external considerations, without any inward call, joined themselves to the Christian community, served to intro-duce into the church all the corruptions of the heathen world. . . . Such were those who, without any real interest 