AMERICAN SENTINEL. 289 ican people as to put an end to their usefulness, and that the American Government would cause a law to be en-acted against them as public nuisances. Can it be won-dered at, then, that now and then we hear of riots occur-ring against missionaries in China, notwithstanding the precautionary measures taken by the local authorities to protect them? It must not be understood that I wish to justify or extenuate the lawless acts committed by ignorant mobs, nor do I undeiestimate the noble and unselfish efforts of Christian missionaries in general who spend the best part of their lives in China. What I desire to point out is that the preaching of the gospel of Christ in the interior of China (except with great tact and dis-cretion) will, in the nature of things, now and then run counter to popular prejudice -and lead to some disturb-ance." Therein is strikingly exposed a glaring evil that at-taches to the work of the majority of the missionaries to such countries as China and Turkey. They go there de-pending far more upon their governments than upon God. They are therefore more American missionaries than they are Christian missionaries. Depending thus upon their government and being backed up by the power of their nation, they act arrogantly and disre-spectfully toward the people and even toward the gov-ernment; and then if checked or called to account they at once appeal to their government for a man of war or an army to vindicate their standing and rights as citi-zens of the United States. If the missionaries would go as Christian missiona-ries only, depending upon God for protection and sup-port, they would realize more the essential need of winning their way with all the people, by a respectful bearing toward all whatever their dress, their manners, or customs; by deference also to authorities; and by presenting their new and strange doctrines for accept-ance upon their own inherent merit more than upon the weakness and foolishness of the religion which the people already possess. Then they would never be an element of discord between nations, threatening the disturbance of the peace of the world. As to what is civilization, this man who in the eyes of "the great Christian nations" stands as a heathen gave some instruction which every one of these so-called Christian nations would do "right excellently well" to follow implicitly. He said:Š "Some people call themselves highly civilized, and stigmatize others as uncivilized. What is civilization? Does it mean solely the possession of superior force and ample supply of offensive and defensive weapons? I take it to mean something more. I understand that a civil-ized nation should respect the rights of another nation just the same as in society a man is bound to respect the rights of his neighbor. Civilization, as I understand it, does not teach people to ignore the rights of others, nor does it approve the seizure of another's property against his will. Now, if people professing Christianity and prid-ing themselves on being highly, civilized, should still so far misconduct themselves as to disregard the rights of the weak and inexcusably take what does not belong  to them, then it would be better not to become so civil-ized. "China welcomes to her shores the people of all na-tions. Her ports are open to all, and she treats all alike without distinction of race, color, nationality, or creed. Her people trade with all foreigners. In return she wishes only to be treated in the same way. She wants peaceŠto be let alone, and 'not to be molested with unreasonable demands. Is this unfair? She asks you to treat her in the same way as you would like to be treated. Surely this reasonable request cannot be re-fused. We are about to enter into the twentieth century, and are we to go back to the Middle Ages and witness again the scenes enacted urn that period? I believe that in every country there are men and women of noble characterŠand I know in this country there are many suchŠwhose principle is to be fair and just to all, espe-cially to the weak, and that they would not themselves, nor allow their respective governments to commit acts of oppression and tyranny. It is such men and women that shed luster on their respective countries." To all of which every true Christian will heartily say, Amen. A. T. J. "That Evil Spirit of Liberty." ACCOMPANYING a cartoon in a recent issue of Puck, the well-known illustrated journal, in which the pope is shown climbing up the dome of the Capitol building at Washington, carrying a papal cross and saying to "Uncle Sam," when "called down" by the latter, "I thought it was time to nail this cross up over the dome" Šis the following from the editor, once himself a Cathol lie, summing up the meaning of the late papal encyclical on "Americanism":Š "The recent flurry of our Roman Catholic friends over Americanism proves to have been without good cause, from their standpoint. That is, no one has been guilty of the kind of Americanism that the Paulist Fathers and certain bishops were accused of; no one has been trying to establish an American Catholic Church. And so the pope's letter was based upon a misappre-hension! Nevertheless it makes interesting reading, as his letters generally do. In spots it is delicious; in other spots it is magnificent: delicious in its Jesuitical indi-rectness, magnificent in its nerve. "The old gentleman has no fault to find with the American people, their laws or traits, and yetŠwell, the truth is that the children of the church must beware of that evil spirit of liberty which taints all that Americans think and do. Especially would he warn them against `the assumed right to hold whatever opinions one pleases upon any subject.' He suspects that this iniquitous heresy is peculiarly rife here, and it must be guarded against; for holding any opinion one pleases is as wicked to-day as it was when the Roman Catholic Church pun-ished that audacious heretic who declared that the earth revolved around the sun. Nor can there be ever a change. `For the doctrine of faith which God has revealed has not been like a philosophical invention, to be perfected by human ingenuity.' The sun still revolves around the 