484 AMERICAN SENTINEL. worse than useless. But what is to impart holiness to -the "civil sabbath ?" There will be vast multitudes of people all over the land observing the day because the law has commanded it, and not even pretending to keep it holy, because they do not care anything about religion. The great majority of the people here, as in other lands, are not ChristiansŠdo not, indeed, even belong to any church. And to each one of these the "civil" or soulless sabbath will be as a "dead corpse"Ša "savor of death \unto death." This must be so, unless in some way these multitudes shall be converted, to Christianity so that they will keep the Sabbath holy. But where is the prom-ise that such a miracle will be speedilyŠor everŠaccom-plished ? Yet the churches are calling for Sunday lawsŠfor a sabbath"Šas if this were the one great thing which the Country needs. Do they think the country needs the polluting presence of a "dead corpse"? Do the rest of the people think so? If not, then let us dispense with the "civil sabath." It should be remembered, too, that only God can make a day holy; and there is no proof that He ever hal-lowed the day set apart by the Sunday statutes. Wisdom and Sunday Labor. BY H. E. OSBORNE. As the tiny forest leaf indicates the direction of the gentle summer breeze when greater objects do not yield -to its influence, so the trifling deeds of man first betray the tendency of his course. In his great efforts he is guarded. In the less important acts, the motives which prompt thereto are most clearly revealed. In a little incident,of recent occurrence, this principle served to illustrate the animus of that class of religion-ists who become so zealous for the formal observance of supposed religious duties that they welcome civil enact-ments to force them upon their fellows. The facts involved are these:Š Connecticut has remodeled her Sunday law. Con-formity to the "reform" ideal was sought and partially realized. The provisions and penalties of the new law have been noticed in these columns. In a quiet rural dis-trict of this State resides an aged Christian who consist-ently observes the seventh day as the Sabbath, in har-mony with the fourth section of God's great law. On the other six days he quietly follows his agriculturalvur-suits. This devoted Christian recently received from an anonymous friend a letter enclosing a newspaper clip_ ping quoting the revised Sunday statute. On the margin was written in ink, "A word to the wise SHOULD be suffi-cient." (Emphasis his own.) This warning is but a new rendering of the old adage, "A word to the wise is sufficient." Why did the writer revise this saying, the truthfulness of which is beyond  dispute? Why did he insert for the positive assertion the doubtful subjunctive? Plainly because his faith in the wisdom of the person addressed exceeded his confidence in the application of the adage quoted. In other words, this person knew that wisdom had no condemnation for Sunday work. Had he believed that the possession of wisdom would lead to abstinence from labor on Sunday, he would have made his neighbor's future course subject to his wisdom or folly. But as the sentence was written, it clearly revealed the fact that the would-be monitor re-garded the wisdom of the subject of his counsel as above impeachment. Furthermore, it degraded the author's warning from the plane of admonition and friendly cau-tion to the lower level of bluffs and intimidations. This man's evident conception of the relation of wis-dom and Sunday labor is amply sustained by the Script-ures. "The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom: a good understanding have all they that do his command-ments." To be wise, then, is to fear the Lord. To "do his commandments" is to give evidence of "a good un-derstanding" possessed. Therefore, since "his command-ments" declare "six days shalt thou labor, . . . but 'the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God," and "in it thou shalt not do any work," how could this servant of God manifest wisdom in yielding to his neigh-bor's threat? With the apostles he may say, "We ought to obey God rather than men." God has spoken, and "a word to the wise is sufficient." Therefore he still works. Making It It Easy. BY M. E. KELLOGG. THOSE ministers who are looking to legislation as the great and sure panacea for all the ills that afflict the na-tion, often express the idea that suitable legislation well enforced will make it much easier for people to do right, and much harder for them to do wrong. In the sentiment expressed in these words, we may see a wide departure from the gospel idea of reform. The minister of Christ is looking to something beside Christ as a means of accomplishing what the power of Christ is set forth in the Scriptures as acomplishing alone. It is not questioned that civil law does deter men from com-mitting crime, and that such laws are a necessity in the present condition of the world; but when a minister of the gospel comes to depend on civil law as the best known force for reformation, he actually admits that he knows of nothing better. The object of the civil law is to prevent men from do-ing things which they want to do, but which are a dam-age to society as a whole. This is as far as the power of man can go. To the thief it says, Steal, and I will put you in prison; to the murderer, Kill, and you shall hang for it. The natures of these would-be criminals are not changed by the law; and let them once feel sure that they 