204 S _ENT' :ENV° Vol,. 10, No. 26. CERTAINLY. - "MoRE than two hundred and fifty years before the signing of the Declaration of Inde-pendence, and more than two hundred years before the utter rottenness of the Papal Church in France had filled the country with the infi-delity which we are told gave rise to the doctrine that the people are the source of civil authority, Luther, Linck, Melancthon, Bugenhagen and Amsdorff, ' the fathers of the Reformation,' announced the same doc-trine. In a letter to the Elector Frederick, they said : "No prince can undertake a war without the consent of the people, from whose hands he has received his authority.' This was good Protestantism and good Christianity then, and it is just as good Protestantism and just as good Christianity now."ŠAmerican Sentinel. Will the Sentinel be manly enough to add Ł that more than eight hundred years before Luther was heard of, a pope named Zachary wrote to the French: " The prince is respons-ible to the people whose favor he enjoys. What-ever he hasŠpower, honor, riches, glory, dignityŠhe has received from the people, and he ought to restore them to the people from whom he has received them. The people make the king: THEY CAN ALSO UNMAKE HIM."ŠThe Monitor. Now the AMERICAN SENTINEL has been " manly " enough to publish the above, will the Monitor be manly enough to tell its readers that the AMERICAN SENTINEL copied the ex-pression, " Peoples and Princes of the Uni-verse" from the pope's encyclical as it ap-peared in the Northwestern Chronicle (July 20, 1894, page 5), a standard Roman Catholic paper, and that therefore its charge that "the AMERICAN SENTINEL 1S not able to interpret the title to a modern document, written in so simple a language as Latin," and that." any school boy who has got as far as hic haec hoc would be able to tell it [the SENTINEL] that this [Principibus Populisque Universis] does not mean the princes and peoples of the uni-verse," applies to Cardinal Gibbons who sent the encyclical to the Northwestern Chronicle, or in case he sent a Latin copy, then to the editor of the Northwestern Chronicle, " Rev. John Conway." Will the Monitor be manly enough to tell its readers that this charge of gross ignorance, instead of appying to the AMERICAN SENTINEL applies to the editor of the Northwestern Chronicle, a priest of the " Church of the Latin rite" ? While we are compelled to differ with the Monitor on religious questions, we desire to regard the editor of that paper as being manly and - honest. WAS IT IT A " SLIP " ? THE Truth Seeker, of the 15th inst., thus takes US to task for a supposed "bad slip," which however was not a slip at all:Š The AMERICAN SENTINEL made a bad slip in its issue of May 30. During the trial of J. Q. Allison of Doug-lasville, Ga., for the violation of the Sunday law, the judge said, answering the plea of the defense that the Sunday statute interfered with the religious liberty of the citizen:Š " I would not interfere with you in any way in the enjoyment of your religion; this is simply a law of the State, and we are bound thereby. The State could say that you should keep Wednesday or Thursday, or every Other Thursday, that it would be a crime to work on every other Wednesday or every other Thursday, and we would be bound to obey the law." To this the editor of the Adventist paper replies: " This statement by the judge would be true if the law were indeed a merely civil regulation based upon civil reasons." The italics are his. He then goes on to show conclusively that the Sabbath law is not based on merely civil reasons and thus effectually' dispoSes  of the judge's defense of the prosecution. ,But we are not here concerned with this aspect of the matter ; what we would call attention to is the astounding admission of the SENTINEL that the State has a right to make honest labor a crime on any day for any reason. This is unconditional surrender. The SENTINEL has made no such surrender. Our freethought critic has overlooked the if in what we said. The SENTINEL has many times proved that there is, and can be, no civil reason for enforced weekly rest. This was the thought we had in mind when we italicized the phrase "based upon civil rea-sons." It would have been better, we confess, to have said plainly in the very next sentence that there could be no such reason; but we did say in the same paragraph: " The prohi-bition of secular labor and business on Sunday has absolutely no other basis except the sup-posed sacred character of the day. No other reason could possibly exist for forbidding a man to plow in his own field on Sunday." It follows that there can be no civil reason for prohibiting honest labor upon any day, for if there could that reason could apply to Sun-day as well as to any other day. The fact that after years of diligent search no such reason has been found proves that it does not exist. The SENTINEL has made no surrender either unconditional or otherwise, for the SENTINEL supposes no tinstipposable case. The position of the SENTINEL is and alWays has been that a weekly day of rest can exist only on a religious basis and for religious reasons, that therefore the State could, of -right, have nothing what-ever to do with the question; and that all so-called civil reasons are mere figments invented for the purpoSe of evading constitutional guar-antees of freedom of conscience. However, we are glad that the Tnyth Seeker is so clearsighted as to detect even this supposed heresy, and we hope our contempo-rary will continue to seek the truth and point out the errors connected with this subject, even to the extent of correcting a supposed error in the AMERICAN SENTINEL. DECISIONS DECLARING VOID THE SUNDAY STATUTES OF KENTUCKY. As stated in these columns last week, Judge William L. Jackson, of the Circuit Court, and Judge Charles G. Richie, of the County Court, both filed opinions at Louisville, on the 1st inst., declaring void Sections 1,303, 1,321 and 1,322 of the Statutes of Kentucky. The fol-lowing is the opinion of Judge Jackson in full, as reported in the Louisville papers of the 2nd inst:-- Judge Jackson's Opinion. On the 19th day of February, 1895, a warrant issued from the Police Court of Louisville against the de-fendant, Louis Seelbach, charging him with the of-fense of keeping open on Sunday a bar-room and place for the sale of spirituous, vinous, and malt liquors, and alleging that he did sell spirituous, vinous and malt liquors on Sunday. On March 9, 1895, a de-murrer to said warrant was overruled by said Police Court, and the defendant was fined $20, and from the judgment assessing said fine he has prosecuted an ap-peal to this court, and the case coming on for trial de novo here, the defendant has again interposed a de- murrer to the warrant. Ł- This, a test case, and numerous cases await its decision. The warrant is drawn under Section 1,303, of the Kentucky Statutes, which section is as :Š Any person who shall on Sunday keep open a bar-room or other place for the sale of spirituous, vinous, or malt liquors, or any of them, on Sunday, shall be fined' not less than $10 nor more than $50 for each offense. As very many of the cases pending in the Police Court arise under Section 1;321, of the Kentucky Stat-utes, by agreement that section has also been fully ar- gued and briefed, and it' is to be considered as if case were pending under it. Section 1,321 reads as follows:Š No work or business shall be done on the Sabbath day except the ordinary household offices or other work of necessity or charity, and 'work required in the maintenance or operation of a ferry, skiff or steam-boat, or steam or street railway. If any person on the Sabbath day shall himself be found at his own or other trade or calling, or shall employ his apprentice or other person in labor or other business, whether the.same be for profit or amusement, unless such as is permitted above, he shall be fined not less than $2 nor more than $50 for each offense. Every person or apprentice so employed shall be deemed a separate offense. Persons who are members of a religious society who observe as a Sabbath any other day of the week than Sunday shall not be liable to the penalty prescribed in this section if they observe as a Sabbath one day in each seven, as herein provided. It is contended that these sections especially offend against Section 59 of the new constitution. The ma-terial parts of said section are here given :Š " The General Assembly shall not pass local or special acts concerning any of the following sub-jects, or for any of the following purposes, namely." After enumerating various subjects, that section provides: "29thŠIn all other cases where a general law can be made applicable, no special law can,be en-acted." In discussing Section 1,303 of the Kentucky Stat- utes, it becomes necessary to settle the question, What is the generic subject of legislation under said section ? On the one side it is claimed that the generic subject is Sunday observance: on the other, that it is regula-tion of the liquor traffic. A brief historical view of said section answers this question. Section 1,303, somewhat enlarged in its scope, it is true, is a reenact-ment, substantially of the Act of April 13, 1880. That act was an amendment of Section 10, Article 17, of the General Statutes, which was the general law for Sun-day observance. From its history and its wording it  seems clear to me that the paramount thought and-central idea of said section is Sunday observance.  Section 1,303, being a law for the observance of Sun-day, questions raised upon the two sections now be-come cognate, and the lines of argument no longer di-verge. Whatever may have been the reasoning in former opinions, it is now the accepted and approved doctrine of law writers and modern decisions that " Laws which prohibit ordinary employments on Sun-day are to be defended as establishing sanitary regu-lations based upon the demonstration of experience that one day's rest in seven is needful to recuperate the exhausted energies of body and mind." This being the beneficent purpose and object of Sunday laws, by reason of the points here raised, the twenty-ninth subdivisions of Section 59 of the consti- tution becomes material. That provides, "In all other cases where a general law can be made applica-ble, no special law shall be enacted." Can a general law for the observance of Sunday be made applicable? Is it not apparent that such a law can he made as "broad and general as the casing air ?" Section 1,321,  stripped of its exceptions, fully solves the problem.  If then it is true that a general law for the observance of Sunday as a day of rest can be made applicable, by what law and with what logic can it be contended that if one person keeps open a bar-room or other place for the sale of spirituous, vinous, or malt liquors, or who shall sell or otherwise dispose of such liquors, that he shall be punished more severely than another person who keeps open another place of business, or who sells any other article or commodity ? Learned counsel at-tempt to answer this question by invoking the police power and claiming that under that power a greater punishment can be inflicted upon a party keeping open a bar-room or other place for the sale of spirituous, vinous, and Malt liquors, and selling the same, or otherwise disposing of same, than can be inflicted for keeping open any other place or selling any other ar-ticle or commodity. Would not this be placing the police power higher than the constitution ? I now state the settled rule in regard to said power: "It is very broad and comprehensive. Its limit cannot be accurately defined, and the courts have not been will-ing definitely to circumscribe it, but this power, how- ever broad and extensive, is not above the constitu-tion, which is the supreme law, and so far as it im-poses restraints, the police power must be exercised in 