20 AMERICAN SENTINEL. without giving the Senate any chance at all, either to advise or consent: And this is only government by one Ša one-man power. If the quotations already given are not sufficient to convince that a one-man power here is thus openly de-manded, then read the following:Š "The participation of the Senate in the treaty-mak-ing function is the cause of the difficulty; and while the weakness has thus far wrought no serious harm, it is something to be gravely considered if we take a place among the Asiatic powers. . . . The fact is that the power to make treaties, if we are to enter into a course of national progression, or retrogressionŠcall it what you will, but involving those close mutual relations which Jefferson described as 'entangling alliances'Šmust include the power to make conventions quickly and secretly and the power to abide by them. More-over, it is essential that the single mind with which our Government deals must be met by a single mind on our side. . . In short, if foreign alliances are to be- come essential to us, we must set up a power that can make treaties quickly, keep them secret if necessary, and abide by them to the end." All of that is certahly plain enough to be grasped by anybody. And surely the thing advocated as "es-sential" is rather startling, even though it be the inev-itable accompaniment of any effort to have a republic to work hand in hand with monarchies. Yet startling as it is that this thing should be thus openly advocated, at so early a stage in the new career, it is yet more startling to be authoritatively informed that not only is this thing advocated, by this writer, but it is actvally —being studiously put-into practise by the present ad-ministratioy. More than a month ago Washington correspondence gave to the country the information that it was not expected that the agreement between the United States and the other powers concerning China will be arranged in "a general and formal treaty:" and for the reason thatŠ "It would be extremely difficult to frame any such convention so as to secure the approval of the United States Senate without a protracted struggle, which might disclose disagreeable weaknesses in the Govern-ment's policies, and besidek, the effort would be sure to arouse opposition from the considerable element in the United States that is unalterably opposed to any sort of foreign entanglements." And that is simply to say that in this matter the national affairs are to be conducted without the people. A certain courseŠthe strictly proper governmental courseŠis studiously avoided, because it would be "difficult to secure the approial" of the representatives of the people, and because it would arouse opposition among the people themselves, and "might disclose dis-agreeable weaknesses in the Government's policies." That is to say, because the administration doubts that tbe approval of the people would be given, the thing shall be done anyhow, and therefore without its coming within reach of the people at all. This is nothing else than in principle, and for the occasion even in practise, the abandonment of govern-ment of the peopleŁ by the people. The people are in--formed that since the administrationŠfears that the people will not approve its policies, the administration will execute its policies anyhow; that the administra-tion cannot trust the people, and therefore the people shall not be consulted. This is precisely the course of the republic of Rome over again. First it was a government of the people by the people. Then it was government by a few, who could not trust the people. Then, as in a little while it came about that these few could not trust one another, it became a government by one; and that one the most powerful. And how rapidly this later great republic is running the course of that ancient great republic! It is true that, so far, this is all said and done in con-nection with treaties. But how long will the practise be carried on in that connection before it shall be extended to other things? The principle once adopted, where shall be set the limits to its application? A. T. J. Why the Sentinel Protests. THE Declaration of Independence was put forth by the American colonies to Great Britain and to the world as a notification of and justification for their absolute independence. That Declaration spoke for all people on the earth, as was necessary that it should do. The American col-onies did not assert their independence because of any characteristic or circumstances peculiar to themselves, but because "all men are created equal," and because "to preserve these rights [of all men] governments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed.' The colonists claimed this for themselves only on the ground that it was self-, evidently due to all. Now the United. States has denied to another people the right of independence; this nobody disputes or can dispute, for the record of it has been in every issue of the daily press for over a year. And as it is true that the Declaration of Independence asserted the right of all people to independence, and that the colonies claimed that right for themselves only under the asser-tion of it for all, just so true is it that the United States has now repudiated the Declaration of Independence and surrendered its own claim made therein to such freedom. And as surely as the United States maintains its present course in this respect, so surely must it follow that the doctrine of the equal rights of all men and of the justice of government by consent of the governed, will be relegated to the limbo of outgrown traditions, as one of no binding authority or practial importance in this day. But upon this doctrine the AMERICAN SENTINEL has 