16 THE ŁAMERICAN SENTINEL..  IF12e AnrFicaq gei2tiqel. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, FEBRUARY, 1888. NOTE.ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. A MAN is not always known by the com-pany he keeps. He may have bad fellow-ship in a good cause. Nevertheless it is a fact worth a thought or two on the part of those Protestants who insist upon introducing re-ligious teaching in the public soh ools,Šthat the Roman hierarchy are with them in em-phasizing this demand, from the humblest priest to the Pope in the Vatican.ŠChristian at Work. ABOUT two months ago we made the state-ment and proved it that the National Reform Association is running in its list of Vice-Pres-idents the names of men who are dead and who have been dead for years. Since writing that we have received additional evidence in proof of this statement. We have these proofs in writing and signed by disinterested and authoritative persons. But, anything at all to wini is the principle upon which these Na-tional "Reformers" work. IT is with pain that the Congregationalist no-tices an increasing tendency to disregard the sanctity of Sunday. It cites " for example" an account of "a great train load of the Grand Army which drew out of one of the Chicago stations on a Sunday morning, on its way to St Louis ;" and then says:Š "Doubtless there was a considerable sprink-ling of church members among these Sunday travelers, whose consciences were not quite at ease over what they were doing." Yes, " doubtless " that is so. Therefore, by all means, let the civil authority of the Nation come to the rescue, and entirely ease the con-sciences of these Sunday Christians by the en-forcement of a rigid, uncompromising Sunday law, that shall compel these church members to do, as church members, what they have not conscience enough to do otherwise. Only let the civil law supply the place of conscience in all these people, then they will all serve the Lord. LET it be understood that it is not the man who talks the most about honoring Christ, who really does honor him. Said Jesus, to some who were profuse in their professions, "Why call ye me Lord; Lord, and do not the things which I say?" A humble life of self-denial, patterned after the divine model, and filled, like his, with good deeds, is the only way that Christ can be honored. When Christ was on earth, he resisted every attempt to bestow upon him political honors; and he is "the same yesterday, and to-day, and for-ever." Those who loudly proclaim their loy-alty to Christ, and long for power to cut off those who do not acknowledge him, are in  the same condition that Peter was on the night when he cut off the ear of the high priest's servant, or of the two disciples who wished to call down fire from Heaven upon the Samaritans. Our desire for them is that, like those disciples, thay may see the manner of spirit that they are of, and may become true followers of Jesus. .4 Ł Se SPEAKING of that political preachers' com-mittee that was lately appointed in New York, the Christian Nation says that " Archbishop Corrigan will be invited to serve on it:" We can inform the Christian Nation now and even at this distance that Archbishop Corrigan will not " serve " on the committee. Catholic Arch-bishops don't serve Protestants in any capacity whatever. In fact they don't serve anything or anybody but the Cardinals and the Pope. They may get Archbishop Corrigan to rule on the committee, but it is a settled thing that he will never serve there. There is another reason for this too. No Catholic Archbishop in Christendom would ever consent to receive, from Protestant preachers, instruction or guid-ance in political workings; and this for the simple reason that there is not one of them who does not know more on that subject than all the Protestant preachers together ever knew. There is not a Catholic priest in New York City who could not at a moment's notice give those preachers more " pointers " in their political scheme than they ever dreamed of. The Archbishop may consent to help them along, but it is certain that he will never do it in the form of a servant. Protestant Praise of Catholicism. THE New York Independent, one of the most well-known and influential religious journals in the world, gushes after the following style over the Pope's Jubilee:Š "To Joachim Vincent Pecci, Bishop of Rome, and Pope of the Catholic Apostolic and Roman Catholic Church, health and an evan-gelical benediction ! A priest of blameless life for fifty years, wise, moderate, successful as priest, governor, archbishop, nuncio, car-dinal, Pope, we send him our Christian salu-tation. Prelates, priests, and peoples of his own communion, gladly pay him homage. We simply offer him kindly greetings in the name of Christ, to whom both Pope and Prot-estant bow in reverent adoration. Gifts and congratulations pour in upon him from Chris-tian, Turk, and pagan, in honor of the jubilee of his priesthood. . . The time was when Popes hurled their unapostolic anathemas against followers of Christ, and Protestants hurled them back with access of intensity, if posSible. But Leo XIII. is a kindly Chris-tian gentleman, who loves light and peace and purity and progress. Kamen in Ccelo is his motto; and that his reign will be as a light in the Catholic heavens, is in no wise improbable. He has been Pope just ten years, and these years have been so many years of progress for his church . . . He has made peace with France and Germany and Switzerland ; he has brought about an era of better feeling in Italy, he has reformed many abuses, raised-the tone of the church, and gained a strong influence in the councils of Europe. . . . And so we wish Pope Leo, of that name the thirteenth, continued health,  a long reign; and God-speed in hiss  liberaliz-. ing policy."  Can our readers believe that the above, and considerable more of the same, is from a professedly Protestant journal? Where is the Protestantism? What is said about the pros-perity of the church, and the progress of its influence, under Leo XIII., is all true; but is that something to rejoice over? If in time of war, a leader on one side should report with every appearance of joy, that since General X had taken command of the enemy's forces, they had made rapid and continual progress, would he not be considered as harboring trai-torous feelings toward his own country ? Let it be remembered that the liberties of the people have never been more trampled upon than when wise, learned, and personally up-right Popes have ruled, and that the triumph of Catholicism always means death to civil and religious liberty. We have no fear that the Pope will ever be regarded in this country as he is in Europe, or that the Catholic Church, as such, will-ever gain the supremacy in the United States; but what we do fear, and with good reason, is that Protestantism will become so saturated with the principles of Catholicism as to over-throw the liberties of the American people. We do not mean that Protestantism will ever pray to the virgin Mary, or adopt the con-fessional, or any other Romish dogma that it has not now, but that it will become intoxi-cated with the lust for power, which is the distinguishing characteristic of Romanism. Catholicism, stripped of its belief that the church should be recognized as supreme in politics, as well as in religion, would be noth-ing to be feared. If there is to be a union of religion and State, as the National Reformers now put it, we would just as willingly see the Catholic religion elevated to that position as the Protestant. The American people do well to look out for the encroachments of the Pa-pacy; but we fear lest while they are watch-ing the enemy that is approaching from Rome, degenerate Protestantism will steal a march on them and gain the citadel of their liberties. Bound Volumes of the Sentinel. WE can furnish Volume 1, 1886, and Volume 2, 1887, of the AMERICAN SENTINEL, with Index, bound in strong paper covers, at 60 cents per volume post-paid. Either volume in cloth binding for $1.00 post-paid. The two volumes bound in one, in cloth, with gilt ti-tle, for $1.75 post-paid, or for $1.50 if taken at the Of-fice or sent with other books by freight where we do not have to pay the 25 cents postage. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE MONTHLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American. Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. Itwill ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid,. - - - 50c. In clubs of five or more copies, per year, each, - - 30e. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - Rs. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro St., OAKLAND, CAL. 