ALONZO T. JONES, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, LEON A. SMITH, - - ASSISTANT EDITOR. - EDITORS. ‚, IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT: FOR / CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAYE THE WORLD." Vol. 10. No. 41. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 17, 1895. Price, 3 cents. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. THE MISSION OF THE CHURCH. WE print elsewhere in this paper an article entitled, " Preacher and Plutocrat: or, the Corruption of the Church through Wealth," by Rev. Walter Allen Evans, which is deserv-ing of more than passing notice. Many will doubtless seek to turn aside the force of Mr. Evans' criticisms, warnings, and exhortations, by the cry of pessimism, and by pointing to our boasted civilization, the progress of the age in the arts and sciences, to the material prosperity of the world, and to the intelligence of its people; but none of these answer the various serious questions raised by Mr. Evans. Human nature is optimistic. " Hope springs eternal in the human breast, Man never is, but always to be blest." To this characteristic of the race rather than to any scriptural warrant, is due the general belief in the final triumph of the gos-pel by the conversion of the world. The true mission of the Church is little understood even by her ministers. Popular theology inculcates belief in a temporal mil-lennium wherein all the world is to be con-verted to the Lord Jesus Christ, and all na-tions to own him as King; but the Scriptures teach a very different doctrine. When the Saviour was about to leave this world, he commissioned his disciples, saying, " Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature ;"4  giving them also the divine assurance, " Lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world." a But he gave them no promise that the time would ever come when all the world would receive the message which they were to give. On the contrary, he told them that as he had been persecuted so they would be persecuted.' 1  Mark 16: 15. 2  Matt. 28: 20. , John 15: 18-21. And that " as the days of Noe were, so shall the coming of the Son of man be."4  The days of Noah were days of moral dark-ness and degeneracy, yea, even days of gross wickedness 5  and forgetfulness of God; days when faith was well-nigh extinct in the earth; and that this is what the Lord wished to be understood as teaching would be the condition of the world in the closing years of its his-tory, is evident from his language on another occasion, when he asked this question : " Nev-ertheless when the Son of man cometh, shall he find faith on the earth? " The gospel " is the power of God unto sal-vation to every one that believeth."7  But the Scriptures nowhere teach that the time is ever coming when all the world, or even the ma-jority of the world, will believe. When asked by one, " Lord, are there few to be saved?"' He said unto them, " Enter ye in at the strait gate; for wide is the gate, and broad is the way, that leadeth to destruction, and many there be which go in thereat: because strait is the gate, and narrow is the way, which leadeth unto life, and few there be that find it. Again, speaking of the end of the world, we find the Lord saying to his disciples: " This gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in all the world for a witness unto all nations; and then shall the end come." " There is nothing, however, in all this that indicates that the purpose of the gospel is to convert the world. In perfect accord with the texts already quoted, are the words of inspiration found in the Acts and in the Epistles. In the first general council of the Christian Church, James declared that Simeon had set forth " how God at the first did visit the Gentiles, to take out of them a people for his name." " While we find Peter declaring " that there shall come in the last days scoffers walking after their own lusts;" 12  and the Apostle Paul, writing to Timothy, says: " This know also, that in the last days perilous times shall come. For men shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, diso-bedient to parents, unthankful, unholy, with-out natural affection, truce-breakers, false ac-cusers, incontinent, fierce, despisers of those 4  Matt. 24: 37. , Gen. 6: 5. , Luke 18: 8. 7  Rom. 1:16. 8  Luke 13: 23. Matt. 7: 13,14. 10  Matt. 24: 14. 11  Acts 15:14. 12  2 Peter 3: 8. that are good, traitors, heady, highminded, lovers of pleasures more than lovers of God; having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof : from such turn away." " And again, in giving a solemn charge to his son in the gospel, he says: " I charge thee in the sight of God, and of Christ Jesus, who shall judge the quick and the dead, and by his ap-pearing and his kingdom: preach the word; be instant in season, out of season; reprove, rebuke, exhort, with all longsuffering and teaching. For the time will come when they will not endure the sound doctrine; but, having itching ears, will heap to themselves teachers after their own lusts; and will turn away their ears from the truth, and turn aside unto fables."" In the light of well-known and recognized facts, must we not conclude that the time foretold by inspiration has come? For, ac-cording to the testimony of ministers them-selves, men are heaping to themselves teachers after their own lusts, and are turning away their ears from the truth, and are being turned unto fables." Instead of being upon the verge of temporal millennium, wherein all men are to yield to the claims of the gospel and gladly acknowledge Christ as sovereign, is it not evident that the world is ripening for the harvest, so graphically described by the pen of inspiration: "And another angel came out of the temple which is in heaven, he also hav-ing a sharp sickle. And another angel came out 'from the altar, which had power over fire; and cried with a loud cry to him that had the 18 2 Tim. 3:1-5. 74  2 Tim. 4: 1-4. (R. V.) 15 Since writing this there has come to our notice the fol-lowing from a sermon by Bishop Coxe, before the Episcopal General Convention at Minneapolis. As reported in the New York Independent, of October 10, the bishop said: "The last days seem to have come and `the perilous times' are upon us. The apostle's terrible portraiture of final apostasy is paralleled by what comes to us in journals, as every day's report. Shameless nudity in bathing, and semi-nudity in evening attire, with lascivious dances, long banished by Christian decorum from social life, are flagrantly character-istic of American manners. Suicides, murders, outrages too awful to be named; scandalous marriages; husbands and wives slaying one another, or seeking divorces, which even heathen lawgivers would not tolerate; the decay of family ties beginning with `disobedience to parents,' and the loss of natural affection;' all this leading to scorn of law; con-tempt for magistrates; lawless revenges, and cruel retribu-tions; the decay of conscience in public men; the corruption of whole legislatures; Socialistic anarchy and threats of a warfare upon society, with torch and dynamite, and with nameless inventions, the product of our boasted science; such are the staple of journalism of which the constant ' evil com-munications corrupt good manners,' or aggravate what is already bad. Worse than all, in some respects, is the chronic cowardice which has settled upon men who should be watch-men to discover and martyrs to perform." ,, 