120 TETE ANIERICA_N SENMINEE. VoL. 6, No. 15. NEW YORK, APRIL 9, 1891. NOTE.Š Any one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special- arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. PENNSYLVANIA has decided to retain the Sunday law of 1794. TENNESSEE has passed a law against the running of freight trains on Sunday. Ł FORTY thousand ministers were appealed to during the month of February to assist in the work of securing signatures -for the Sunday closing of the World's Fair in 1893. " THEY do some very queer things in-deed in England," says the Recorder, " for instance, at Birkenhead, the Brook-lyn of Liverpool the municipal authori-ties have carried their no-Sunday-labor zeal so far that they have prohibited inter-ments in the cemeteries on the one day in the week- when Workingmen can attend a funeral without sacrificing valuable time." And yet -this whole Sunday business is, we are told, a movement in the interests of the " poor workingman." GEN. T. J. MORGAN, United States Commissioner of Indian Affairs, in a re-cent address in Chicago; expressed the opinion that the Indians should be taught the English language, that they should be given a knowledge of the use of machinery and tools, and that they should be induced to become Christians. He made it clear to his-  auditors, however, that schools sup-ported by the Government had no right to teach religion. His idea was that mis-sionaries should give the needed religious instruction. THE Christian Nation brings against us a railing accusation because we wished suc-cess to a paper in San Francisco which is issued seven times a week. We would be glad to see everybody, including our critic, keeping the Sabbath of the Lord our God, but we have no disposition to dictate to those who do not see this matter as we do; and we must certainly decline to wish ill of those who, .for reasons satisfactory to themselves, refuse to follow our example in the matter of Sabbath:keeping. But We are not surprised at this outburst of our contemporary, since it has many times shown itself to be. governed by a spirit other than that of Michael, who when under IBA an, imaginary but a real provo- cation durst not -bring against. even the devil, a railing accusation, brit said, " The Lord rebuke thee." - (Jude 9.) _ However, the attitude of the Nation is only what we might expect, since, as we have many times 'shown, the whole National Reform scheme, to which it is wedded, is not only non-Christian but essentially anti-Chris-tian. The truth of the Scripture (2 Cor. 11 :13, 14), which our contemporary applies to us, is well exemplified in the fact that a paper advocating so-called National Re-form, calls itself " Christian. To what base uses are noble names oft applied ! -4- Ł IT is stated that Rabbi Marcus, a Jewish physician and chassanovitch, living in Grodno, Russia, has been arrested and ex-iled for two years; for sending to the Gov-ernment a Jewish petition demanding re-dress for an outrage committed by a Russian doctor Granolosk, who is charged with having branded- the word "thief " in three languages upon the forehead of a Jewish boy who was accused of having stolen a small quantity of fruit. The petition sent said tiffs would excite th-e indignation of the civilized world. Russia is a thorough-going National Reform country; its: rulers pose as Christians, and tolerate those who don't if they - " do not rave," that is;  if they carefully conceal their religious be-liefs. IT is thought in Ottawa that the -Parlia-ment to assemble-  there May 1, will be the stormiest the Dominion has ever witnessed. -Cardinal Taschereau and the Canadian bishops of the Catholic Church are demanding the disallowance of the Manitoba act abolishing separate schools in that Province. This demand has fallen like a thunderbolt upon the Government. It places the Government in a very perilous position. One of the first acts of the Liberal party when Itarliament assembles, it is said, will be to move a vote of censure against the Government for not interfering to prevent the abolition of separate schools, which is a vested right of the Catholic Church in the several Provinces. The Government,- it is thought, stands a much greater chance of defeat on-  thiS than upon the trade question. _2. EsPecially, a Christian who protests against -the doctrines and practices of the Roman Catholic Church; one who adheres to the doctrines of -the Reformation. Of course in the first sense Baptists are not Protestants, but in the second sense we trust that we make no mistake in ap-plying the term to them. We are not prepared to think that the Baptists have ceased to protest against the doctrines and practices of the Roman Catholic Church, nor do we think that our correspondent wishes to be so understood. Doubtless in this sense he will ag*ree with .us that Bap-tists are Protestants. APROPOS of our note of last week, in which it was stated that owing to perse-cutions about one hundred thousand of the poorest class of Russian Jews had embraced the Russian faith, is the follow-ing item from the Recorder, of this city:Š The Russian Government gives a reward of fifteen roubles to every Jew who becomes a Christian, and : conversion is becoming as common an employment as peddling. One Jew who has been converted seven times, and has consequently absorbed one hundred and five roubles' worth of Christianity, is in prison; but his fate does not deter his fellows from rallying round the Cross for an appropriation. Ł Is there not in this a suggestion for Na-tional Reformers ? Could they not after all buy the infidels more easily and even more cheaply than they can hope to coerce them ? True, the fagot and the rack may be necessary to the conversion of such men as Ingersoll, who is already well to do in the things of this-world, but for the "common herd " is not the commercial plan the better one ? is it not at least more ill harmony with the spirit of the age than imprisonment, whipping, etc., to say noth-ing of the still more coarse and even brutal methods of the Inquisition ? Certainly our National Reform friends could study Russian, methods of evangelism with profit. The Russian methods differ in degree but not in kind from those advocated in this country. -4 Ł ONE of the most interesting religious publications that comes to our table is The Gospel in All Lands. It is a publica-tion that should be in every home, as it will -certainly stimulate interest in Chris-tian missions, wherever read. Fifteen cents sent to Hunt & Eaton, Fifth Avenue and 20th Street, this city, will secure you a copy. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGI-11.-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the  United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights. both civil and 'religious. Ł IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1.00 In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, - - - - - 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - Is. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL. 43 Bond Street, New York, A GENTLEMAN writes us :Š I am sure you do not wish to do the Baptists any wrong. They emphatically deny being 'Protestants Šthey never came out of theRomish Church. From this it seems that we must have alluded, to Baptists as " Protestants," and even now it does not appear to us that our error was a serious one. Webster defines , Protestant thus :- 1. One who protests;Šoriginally applied to those who adhered to Luther at the Reformation in 1_529, and protested Ł againSt; or made -solemn declaration of dissent from, a decree of the Empercir Charles V. and the-- Diet spires,, and .appealed to a- general council. Ł Ł 