JUNE 4, 189g. A.M11-4,MICA.N. 181 God. Man is responsible to God alone for the observance of a Sabbath, just as well as for every other act of worship. If he chooses to use that day in recreation or work, instead of in rest or worship, who has the right to say that he may not do so ? If he chooses to bake, to plant, to play cricket, or to have a game of tennis on the Sabbath, who is in-jured ? Are not these things lawful on any other day of the week ? Every one must see that these things are not wrong in themselves, but they are wrong because they are consid-ered irreligious. No man's civil or religious rights are infringed by these acts; for one man's work does not interfere with another man's rest, nor does one man's irreligion de-prive another man of his religious rights. When civil governments enact laws touch-ing religious duties, or dictate to man in reference to his duty to his Creator, they overstep the bounds of their lawful jurisdic-tion; they assume the prerogative of Deity, a right to judge even the consciences of men. Every such act is a step backward, and if carried to its logical end, will result in the erection of another inquisition, and a repeti-tion of the scenes of the " Dark Ages." If not, why not ? o. CHRIST IS KING. BY R. C. PORTER. JESUS of Nazareth is recognized by all Christians as the world's infallible teacher. A " Thus saith the Lord" is with them an end to all controversy. This is right, or their claim that he is the Son of God come from heaven to live and teach an absolutely perfect gospel is untrue. Anything less than this unqualified confidence is positive unbe-lief, and nullifies all just claim of discipleship. Believe and be saved, and believe not and be lost, is the simplicity of Christ's gospel. Salvation hinges wholly upon voluntary, individual faith. In all Christ's teaching, not one sentence can be found favoring re-ligion being enforced by civil law. His position is plainly stated in many places as follows: " Broad is the way that leadeth to destruction, and many there be which go in thereat: because straight is the gate, and narrow is the way, which leadeth unto life, and few there be that find it." " If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not." " The word that I have spoken, the same shall judge him in the last day." " Let both grow together until the harvest." "Render therefore unto Cesar the things which are Caesar's, and unto God the things that are God's." Christ not only plainly en-joins upon his disciples faithfulness in their duty to the State, but at the same time he admonishes them to render to God his due. The claims of God and those of the State do not conflict so long as the State requires of citizens no more than its due. It is not the work of the State to compel people to be religious, for Christ has said, " Let both grow together until the harvest." He will not judge them till then. And, further, until then the majority will walk the broad way that leads to death, while only the few will choose the narrow way. How absurd, then, to attempt to follow Christ and enforce Christianity at the same time. It is as de-cidedly opposite to Christianity to enforce religion, as a lie is contrary to the truth, or antichrist to Christ. The Golden Rule. Some have thought that because it is very desirable that all should be Christians, it  would therefore be right in nations where the majority are professed Christians to enforce the Christian religion upon all. In this way they propose eventually to enthrone Christ as " this world's king." To all such I would earnestly recommend the careful reading of the following from Christ himself: " There-fore, all things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them." In other words, if you would not think it right for nations where infidelity or Moham-medanism prevails to force Christians to ac-cept the religious belief of the majority, do ye even so to them where Christianity pre-vails. Since the majority in this world will al-ways be unchristian, to adopt the view that the religion of the majority may be enforced in any nation professedly Christian is, accord-ing to the Master, to say to the heathen na-tions, Do so to us. The logic of the theory is that foreign missionaries must become heathen or quit the field; that missionary work in those nations must be abandoned; and that the commission of Christ to his disciples to go into all the world and teach the gospel to every creature, is entirely set aside. The fact is, the theory is false. Some sincere Christians may believe the theory, but that does not alter the fact. Paul believed the same theory until he met Jesus on the way to Damascus, and learned more fully the way of salvation. After that he abandoned it forever. So it will be with all enlightened Christians. Church and State Both Ordained of God. The Church and the State were both or-dained of God. The commission of the State was to operate in civil matters, while the Church was to deal with things pertaining to religion. Who ever read Christ's commission to the State to call and conduct prayer meet-ings, and administer baptism, and take charge of Sabbath services? The Church was fully instructed in all these things, but the State was not. The reason is obvious. The State is to bear the sword in civil affairs, but that is the extent of its commission. The power of the Church is the power of Christ. It is a shocking confession of infi-delity in regard to the power of Christ to ask Congress to enact laws enforcing any religious observance. " The weapons of our warfare are not carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds." When the religion of love so loses its power as to call upon the power of the State to enforce it, it has become apostate, and should be aban-doned. True Christianity, like its author, is heaven-sent, and depends for its supplies upon him who sent it into the world. We have fallen upon dangerous times, as the following pointed words from Boston clergymen, re-ported in the Advertiser, of April 20, will show. Rev. M. J. Savage said :-- There are a few things I wish to warn you of. We must guard against a mixture of official religion with our Government. You have been so interested in Cuba and Armenia that you have perhaps not noticed that we have just escaped one of the most serious dangers that has menaced our liberty. One of our Massachusetts members of Congress has attempted to push through the lower House a bill which would have been the most wicked, dangerous, bigoted piece of legislation that ever passed had it done so. I refer to the bill which Congressman Morse introduced, put-ting God and Jesus Christ into the Constitution, and making the ordinary old time conception of the Bible law for man. Dr. Lorimer also spoke to the same purpose in these words:Š Our Lord could be king of Judea, but.he knew that a temporal kingdom would end his spiritual reign. The Church of our Lord must be equally disinterested  and unselfish. The Church should not become a part of the Government. It is for the Church to stand in her independence. Is it not time Christian people were awak-ening ? Is it not time that religious despot-ism be unmasked in its pious advances, so that it may be seen in its deformity and avoided before its delusive snare has entrapped the nation ? Christ is King of Kings. But Christ said he was born to be king, therefore must we not enthrone him as king of the nation by placing his name in the National Constitution ? This is a fair sample of the philosophy of religious despotism. It is a piece of the same kind of philosophy that Jacob's mother used when she undertook to fulfill a promise of God for the Lord in the case of Jacob. The promise was all right, but the human meddling with its fulfillment caused Jacob and others much trouble. So Christ has said he was born to be king, but he has also said, " My kingdom is not of this world." Human bands have once crowned him king in mocking fulfillment of this promise. Will it be less shameful for a na-tion to place the scepter in his hand to-day ? His diadem no human hand will bestow. His kingdom no earthly power will usher in. When his servants, amid scoffs and persecu-tion, have enshrined him as their king, and by his Father's hand the scepter has been given, he will come to earth again with all the holy angels with him. Then, and not till then, will he take the kingdom and reign as " King of kings " for ever and ever. Let Christians abide His time. A SUNDAY-LAW MURDER. [The following dispatch appeared in the morning papers in this city on the 25th ult. If the facts are as stated, the action of the officers was a dastardly outrage :Š] PROVIDENCE, R. I., May 24.ŠA double tragedy occurred just over the State line in Massachusetts to-day. It was at the old Robinson Homestead, near Broadway, in At-tleboro. For some time past there have been com-plaints that the Pawtucket toughs were cross-ing the line from Rhode Island and desecrat-ing the sabbath. The Selectmen ordered the town constables to see that the laws were enforced, and last Sunday they started to weed out the law-breakers. Early last week the members of the East Side Checker Club, of Pawtucket, obtained permission from George G. Parker, the present occupant of the Homestead, to hold a clam-bake on the farm to-day. The club is composed of Paw-tucket liquor dealers, and has never borne a bad reputation. This morning about seventy people drove out to Attleboro. They carried all the ma-terial for the bake, including seven barrels of beer. The company then amused them-selves until 2 o'clock, when the bake was served, and at 4 o'clock all, with the exception of a few late corners, left the table. Just at that moment two men were seen emerging from the woods and were recognized as special officers. Officer John Nearey was in front and Officer Briggs was close behind. As they crossed the fields to the grove Daniel Mountain, a saloon-keeper on Norton Street, Pawtucket, and Michael, or " Muxsie " Con-ners, of No. 24 Water Street, Pawtucket, advanced to meet them, while seventy others hurried up to witness the result of the inter-view. The story of the tragedy that followed 