208 A MI _lb.11R., IICAN N '10 IN  IH  IL0 VoL. 8, No. 26. NEW YORK, JUNE 29, 1893. ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked " Sample Copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. IN the large cities a great many churches are closed during the hot summer months. Now, if the preachers succeed in closing the parks also and. stopping the Sunday suburban trains, what will the people do who are not able to spend the summer in the country? It matters not to the Sunday preachers, if only their darling day is ex-alted. Now that the United States Court of Appeals has set the example, the courts all seem more kindly disposed toward Sunday opening of the Fair, and on the 20th inst. the Wanamaker & Brown bill, which sought an injunction to close the great show on Sunday, was thrown out of court. Judge Jenkins granted the mo-tion. " IT is now in order," remarks the Buf-falo Courier, "to denounce Chief Justice Fuller as a heretic." It will doubtless be done by a certain part of the religious press. Even before the final decision of the Court of Appeals, the Christian States-man insinuated that the Chief Justice granted the supersedeas because " until his appointment to that office he was a Chicago lawyer." " Whom the gods would destroy they first make mad." The Statesman is mad. THERE is a good point made in the arti-cle, "A Convention of the Forty Millions," on page 202, wherein it is related that one of the speakers, while denouncing violators of the Sunday-closing proviso, boasted of how he had violated the Fugi-tive Slave law. The fact is that no man who is a man will obey any law that involves a surrender of conscience. The Sunday law advocates are, however, slow to admit the right of any one to violate their pet measures. But there are thou-sands of people who can no more observe Sunday than the old minister could be-tray an escaped slave THE York, Pa., Dispatch is authority for the statement that the ministers of that city are taking steps to stop the run-ning of the cars that carry people to a park on Sunday. At a meeting held June 9, a committee was appointed to wait on the directors of the street railway and request them to close the park on Sunday. At a subsequent meeting the committee reported that the directors refused to close the park. A lively discussion ensued in which the sentiments expressed were to  the effect that the running of cars on Sunday was contrary to " the ideas of this Christian community and a desecration of the Sabbath." Some favored the boycott as the most effective course to be pursued, while others thought it should be made a matter of the conscience, and recommended that the directors and stockholders be appealed to personally by their pastors and urged to use their influence against the Sunday park cars. It is very evident that the Sunday preachers will be satisfied with nothing short of an entire monopoly of the day, with the people left to choose only between going to church and spending the entire day in their rooms. ATTORNEY-GENERAL OLNEY is credited with the opinion that the decision of the Court of Appeals in the World's Fair in-junction suit is certain to affect the Gov-ernment exhibits. These exhibits represent every governmental department. But, as every appropriation made for these exhib-its is coupled with the Sunday-closing condition, it is clear that they cannot be open on Sunday, and the decision may re-sult in permanently closing them. Thus far the Government through its accredited representatives has consistently main-tained the attitude that it assumed by the closing act, as the champion of Sun-day sacredness. Ł IN a minister's meeting in Chicago on the 19th inst., Dr. P. S. Henson, of the First Baptist Church, read a paper entitled, " My Theological Crotchets." Among other things the doctor said :Š I believe in a personal devil, and the more I see of it the more I believe the devil makes Chicago his headquarters. I further believe he instigated the finding of the court in the World's Fair case. He was squatted like a toad at the ear of the Justice and when the decision was rendered patted him on the back and said: "Good boy, old fellow; couldn't have done it better myself." This is quite in keeping with the spirit of the whole Sunday movement; it berates and slanders everything and everybody that it cannot control. The only reason the ultra Sunday advocates do not burn those who do not agree with them is because they have not the power; but they do the next best thing, namely, they invoke the divine wrath against them in a manner which indicates that the wish is father to the thought. A. clergyman in this city informed his audience on a recent Sunday thatŠ No one need be surprised if God, in his righteous wrath, should hurl an electric shower upon the World's Fair buildings, that will leave Jackson Park a scene of desolation. More recently another clergyman in this State said, in his sermon:Š Let the cholera spread its black wings over us this summer, and let ten million people die of this dread disease, and, oh, how those sinners will flock to our altars. The Lord knows how to close the doors of the Fair on Sundays and he will do it. When the Lord has tough work to do he finds tough  instruments to do it with. Chicago, unless F he repents, will be swept out to sea as shells, from which the life has forever gone. Such utterances, a correspondent of a Chicago paper properly characterizes as blasphemous. The Lord has a controversy with the people of Chicago, in common with other sinners, but it is not about their disregard of Sunday. Everybody ought to understand, and never forget, that the Lord has no more regard fd! Sunday than for Monday or Tuesday. It is simply one of " the six working days " given to man by the Creator. The Lord's day, the Sabbath, is quite another day. IT was stated in Chicago on the 22c1 inst., that a large number of exhibitors who installed their exhibits under a con-tract with the Exposition authorities that the Exposition should be open only for six days in the week unless otherwise pro-vided and authorized by Congress, had determined to ask an injunction from the United States Court to close the Fair on Sundays. Prominent in the movement were the Keystone Driller Company, of Beaver Falls, Pa. ; the Downie Pump Company, Valencia, Pa. ; and the Elastic Tip Company, Boston, Mass. It is said that within an hour after the paper was circulated it had received over one hun-dred signatures. The same morning an address to the country was adopted ap-pealing to persons interested either on the grounds of patriotism, morality, national commercial honor, or personal interest, for sympathy and financial aid in "dispel-ling-  the stigma surrounding the matter, and making the Fair a brilliant national success worthy Americans." The address says three-fifths of the exhibits have been covered on Sundays; that a great number of exhibitors requiring power have utterly refused to set their machinery in motion at all while the Fair is open on Sunday, and that exhibitors will be seriously in-jured by the action of religiously inclined people East and West in deciding to stay away from the Fair while open Sundays. Several responses to the address were received. A dispatch from a minister in Steubenville, stated that in one hour one hundred people signed a pledge to keep away from the Fair if open Sundays. A dispatch from Connersville, Ind., said five ministers and six hundred laymen had taken similar action. A dispatch from Cleveland stated that ten thousand east-ern delegates to the forthcoming Ep-worth League Convention had made ar-rangements to buy tickets through to Chi-cago, with a stop over privilege at Cleve-land. After the decision of the Appellate Court all arrangements were changed and none of them will go to Chicago. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per 'ear, - - 90c 25 to 99 " " " " ' - - - 80c 44 100 to 249 " " " " - - 75c 250 to 499 " " " " " - - - 70c 46 500 to 999 66 44 44 6, l4 . - 65c " 1000 or more ,, 44 l4 "-60c To foreign countries in Postal. Union, - - -5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 49 Bond Street, New York City. 