800 AMERICAN SENTINEL,; terers. From this we can see how silly are the reasons which have influenced kings to go to war, one with an-other. This war resulted most disastrously for France, until finally the poor discouraged people had not the re-motest feeling of loyalty in their hearts." "Could none of the French ministers bring about a better condition of affairs?" asked Charlie White. Ł "They did not seem to be very capable men, Charlie, or else they were very selfish; that is, with the some-what notable exception of the Duke de Choiseul. This man evidently managed the very best he knew how for the good of his people. It was while he was minister that the little island of Corsica came into French posses-sion." "Why, this is the place where Napoleon Bonaparte was born!" exclaimed Florence Ray, enthusiastically. "Yes, he was born about three months after the island was conquered by France. "In the year 1773 the Duke de Choiseul was the means of banishing from the country those people belonging to the Order of the Jesuits,Šthat is, 'their property was taken away,' and their society broken entirely up." "Well, I don't believe in the Jesuits' religion," said oe Palmeter, "but I think that deed was a wicked and unjust thing." "It was unjust, Joseph, and it was no way to bring them into a right way of thinking. "The eldest son of King Louis XV., the good dauphin, had died, together with his wife and his mother, before these events occurred. They died at about the same time, reminding one very much of the fatalities of like nature which befell the family of Louis XIV. This man, had he not died, would probably have prevented much of the miseries which fell to the lot of unhappy France, for he was an excellent and virtuous man. It was dur-ing the reign of the oldest of his sons, Louis XVI., that the dark period of the French Revolution was ush-ered in. . "In our next study we will learn something about a document called a gettre de cachet,' by which the minis-ter Choiseul was dismissed from office." MRS. L. D. AVERY-STIITTLE. The War of Principle.ŠNo. 12. "You spoke, Cecil, of the good advice of Gamaliel, and regretted that it was not always followed when the cause of truth or even of error is being promulgated. There is plenty of room in the world for free thought, free speech, and free action, in so far as they do not come in conflict with natural rights. When they do come in conflict with such rights, we have a fine protection in civil law. For the protection of men in the exercise of inalienable natural rights, civil government is ordained of God." "The trouble is, Aleck, that men have perverted the unctions of civil government, and history proves over  and over that civil government, instead of protecting men in the use of their natural rights, has restricted and prohibited them even by the penalty often of prison and death."Ł "Why, Cecil, you certainly have, changed your mind since we began this discussion." "Yes; because whereas I was once blind, now I see. My intellect at any rate is thoroughly convinced that your positions are right. But I am also conscious that it will take more than my intellectual conviction to make me the advocate and upholder of principle in the face of 'opposition and persecution." "Convinced of your need, is half the way to power. I cannot think, Cecil, that having the light you now have, you would consent to the meanness involved in opposing truth, or in even being neutral." "No, Aleck; my very blood boils at the methods I see were used against truth. The weakness of dependence on human power is most obnoxiously apparent in the contemptible methods used to convict a true man of unrighteousness. How men made once in the image of God, can look upon themselves as men, and do so abom-inably, is still a mystery to me." "What particular case has stirred you up so, Cecil?" "0, the very next case in the Book of ActsŠthe case of Stephen. He certainly showed himself a man in every sense of the word. He was full of faithŠbelieved in your principle of utter reliance on God, and consequently was full of power. I suppose the world and the devils both became jealous of such a character." "Certainly. The prince of this world looks with sus-picion and hatred on a man who relies on God: for Satan is a declared rebel against God and his government. Shch faith is not mere human belief, but an evidence of an indwelling Saviour. It is the faith of Christ. That faith the devil knows is invulnerable. He tried by every temptation in his power to overcome it in Jesus. Think, then, how he dreads its manifestation in his followers. Every weapon of hell is formed to rid the world of him who has victorious faith." "The weapons of hell are most contemptible then. Take Stephen's case. He came in conflict with persons from a certain synagogue who disputed with him. They were not able to resist the wisdom and spirit by which he spoke. They had no argument to oppose to his. They knew he had the truth. Instead of acknowledging it, as men should, they sneaked round till they found some unprincipled villains they could bribe to bear false witness. By this means they influenced the elders, scribes and people, rousing an unjust indignation against a good man. They were not ashamed of any calumny they could invent. 0 how I detest such methods! Fi-nally, they caught Stephen, brought him before their\  prejudiced council, and gave all possible show to their false witnesses." "But, Cecil, God did not 'leave him without vindica-tion.' His very face testified to his truth that hour." "Yes. So it says that it shone like the face of an 