AMERICAN SENTINEL: 491 4:15; 5:12. These scriptures (a few of the many that might be quoted) shew wherein man has missed the mark; he has come short of that which is set forth in the law. Now as the gospel is the means ordained of God to save man from sinŠfrom missing the markŠit must be manifest that it is only another way of saying that the gospel is the God-ordained means of lifting man up to -the level of that law, so that he will be in harmony with all that the law requires. Now which is the truthŠmust -the law conform to the gospel? or must the gospel con-form to the law? The answer is obvious; the gospel must conform to the law, which is in effect to say that the law has priority of claim. But the law is "the truth." Any gospel therefore that affects to make a change in the law of God, does not simply seek to make the law con-form to it, but in the very nature of things is an enemy -of the law, and cannot therefore be the truth. Such a gospel would in itself be sin, and the only effect, it could have would be to confirm man in his sin, and if possible make him more than ever an enemy of God. Again let it be repeated. The law is "the truth." Now whence came this law? Jesus Christ is "the truth." Every manifestation of truth therefore is from him; hence the law is from Jesus Christ. Of him it is said, "He can-not deny himself;" also that he is "the same yesterday, to-day, and forever." This is not simply spoken of Christ at the time he was here on the earth and subsequently, but previous to his advent in the flesh also. This being so, it must be -that Christ's relation to the law, so far as he himself is concerned, while on the earth must be the same as before he came. But that is not all. As the Saviour of men, made in the likeness of sinful flesh (Rom. 8:3), and be-coming our example (1 Peter 2:20), he must himself be subject to that law. Hence it is seen that in the plan of salvation the law is superior. It was therefore utterly impossible for Christ to teach anything contrary to the law. Had he done so he would not have, been "the truth." In view of these things how is it possible for Sunday to be the Sabbath? It is no part of the law other than that it is included in the expression, "Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work;" which proves it to be a com-mon working day. For Sunday' ever to be the Sabbath the seventh day must be displaced; but this could not be done but by an-mulling the Sabbath commandment. As we have seen -that the truth contained in the fourth commandment is necessary for the law, as a whole, to be the truth, to annul this commandment would simply cause the law to Łcease to be "the truth." The fourth commandment states a fact concerning -the creation. It tells that in six days God created the heaven and the earth, the sea and all that in them is. Having accomplished this, we are told, he rested the se-t-enth day, wherefore he "blessed the Sabbath day and &allowed it." From the commandment itself we find that the sev-enth day is inseparably connected with, and finds its source in, the creation. And because of this the seventh day could no more be destroyed than could creation it-self. God does nothing arbitrarily; there was no exception in the matter of the seventh day. God instituted it, be-cause for the good of his creatures he saw it was neces-sary. Man's safety ever depended upon his remembering his Creator, and so long as man remembered "the Sab-bath day to keep it holy"Šfrom week to week, so long would it be impossible for him ever to forget the God who made him. Furthermore, the Sabbath day is God's rest day. The only day that could possibly be his rest day is the day upon which he rested. But God never rested upon Sunday. To say that he did is to say that which is not true. Therefore it is utterly impossible for Sunday to be the Sabbath. To substitute the first day for the seventh day, is to change the law; and the law being "the truth" it would be changing the truth into a lie. In the very nature of things then Sunday is in oppo-sition to the law which is the truth; and that being so, it is in opposition to the gospel and to Jesus Christ. This is all true; and as surely as this is true so surely is it true' that this nation is to be so manipulated that its power is to be directed against the gospel, and there-fore against Jesus Christ, by compelling the people to accept and keep Sunday in opposition to the fourth com-mandment. AN ounce of prevention is not worth a pound of cure to the one who is sick; and the gospel is the only cure for sin sickness. 111-4 Strange " Supplies " for the Army. NOT long ago this statement appeared in the Cincin-nati Evening Post: "The quartermaster of the commis-sary department on Third Street, Friday, gave Father Pustat's Catholic Supply House the contract for making 5,000 rosaries for the army." Amazing as this state-ment is, it may well be credited in view of the strong tendency in this nation, attested by indisputable facts, toward union of church and state. If, as is asserted upon high legal authority, "this is a Christian nation," it is the proper business of the na-tion to observe all Christian practices; and if rosaries are necessary to any such observance, it is the duty of the nation to provide them. The Catholic Church says that they are necessary, and Roman Catholic "Christian-ity" has as good claim to be called the religion of the nation as has any other. Providing the army with ro-saries is a proceeding that comes in naturally enough behind the "Christian nation" decision of the Supreme Court. 