374 AMERICAN SENTINEL. port in its effort to become law; in which event it would materially modify the danger of an enforced Puritan Sunday which now threatens. Let nobody be deceived, however, by any modifica-tions of Sunday laws to a more liberal form. The public will get what it wants in the line of Sunday legislation, and their sports and amusements, and the Sunday busi-ness of powerful corporations, will not be seriously dis-turbed. But this will not in the least prevent the heavy hand of "the law" from-  descending upon the few who keep the commandments of God. That is the way the " discretion " vested in city and State officials will, sooner or later, be manifested. Over-organization Not the Real Difficulty. BY JOHN D. BRADLEY. RECENTLY, on assuming editorial control of the Arena, Mr. John Clark Ridpath, the historian, contributed an interesting paper on "DemocracyŠIts Origin and Pros-pects." After pointing out what he considers its three great-  sources, and sketching the progress of the doctrine of equality, he says that to-day it is evident that there has been a manifest decline in the principles of bold, free democracy. Nowhere is this more apparent than in the United States, a country which originally contained much of promise to lovers of freedom, but which is now "not without its striking analogy to that imperial Republic of Rome, which preceded the empire." Then he exclaimsŠ " In the name of reason and history, why is it that this tremendous miscarriage seems to threaten the Amer-ican Republic? Why is it that here, as elsewhere in all the civilized countries,the ruin and suppression of democ-racy seem to impend ?" He answers these "tremendous questions," as fol-lows :Š "Democracy has in all countries been crippled by the over-organization of society. . . . Human society be-gins in equality; it is organized into inequality. . . . It is the common experience of mankind that organiza-tion becomes more and more excessive.with the progress of a given people until they find then:';`,-es overdone and mastered by their own vehicle. . . . Pecos  and nations have been organized to death." There is much truth in these obzerc ations, but over-organization is not the real difficulty. . Instead of being the cause of the subversion of democracy, it is but a man-ifestation of the cause, an important means by which that end is accomplished. The real difficulty is found in the answer to the question, Why does society over-organ-ize? And this may be answered in a wordŠsociety over-organizes because the individuals composing it are selfish. It is the common experience of mankind that in no country have men long been content with equality. In no respect has man more plainly shown his subserviency  to the arch-rebel who said, "I will exalt my throne above the stars of God," than in this his supreme passionŠthe desire to get above and to control his fellows. Organiza-tion (or over-organizationŠfor that is what it is when used in this way) affords an effective means for the ac-complishment of their desire. It concentrates power and enables a few men to control other men and other things for their own benefit. Its tendency is to make men the slaves of men. Under cover of the organized machine, that is at-tempted and accomplished which would not be dared by open and direct force. In short, selfishness is what is in-dicated by all over-organization. It is at the root of labor trusts, oil trusts, sugar trusts, church trusts, pools and combines of every description, offensive and defensive alliances, and the excessively over-organized militarism of Christendom. It is useless to deal with organizations and attempt to keep them at the proper point. The only cure is to get love into the heart instead of selfishness, for each in-dividual to "sanctify the Lord of hosts himself," and let God be his fear and his dread. Then there will be no desire to say "a confederacy," for it will be known that asssociations are powerless to save, and that they mean only destruction. Ł Ł Christianity Separate From Politics. IT is the teaching of the SENTINEL that Christianity will not unite with politics, and that Christians cannot properly engage in the political contentions and strife which mark the life of the world around them. In this, the SENTINEL aims to set forth what it finds plainly taught in the Word of God. How this theory works in prac- tice, under circumstances calculated to put its value to the test, is told in the following communication from an Adventist missionary to Turkey, in the Present Truth, of May 27:Š "Our workers in Turkey have passed through many peculiar experiences. Wherever they have gone and aroused an interest, they have soon been interfered with by the athorities. This was not because the Turks were especially hostile to our work, but rather because the situation is such in Turkey as to give any who desire to hinder one's activity, special advantages for doing SO. "The Armenians have always chafed under the Turk-ish yoke, and have agitated in favor of national liberty. To this end they have used all means within their power at home, and have also endeavored to enlist the sympa-thy and help of foreign powers to gain their long-coveted end. As they saw one after another of the Balkan States gain either total or semi -independence, they felt as though their time had come, and in late years have been espe-cially active. This led to the late great outbreak and massacres. In consequence of their increasing activity, the Turkish government was proportionately active in suppressing them. This made it difficult for our Arme-nian laborers to go from place to place; and as soon as 