378 CAN 11 ENEMA Von 11, No. 48. gations of capital, were vast aggregations of labor, bent on gaining power by which there should be assured a more equable distribu-tion of the good things of life that were mo-nopolized by the few; precisely as there is in the United States to-day. This condition of things produced in Rome a one-man powerŠCaesar. The like condi-tion produced in France a one-man powerŠNapoleon. And now in the United States, the condition like to both that have gone before, as certainly as it shall be continued, can produce nothing less here than it pro-duced in both instances before. Indeed the elements at work to-day on both sides of this question, are themselves system-atically developing a one-man power, and as systematically training men into ready sub-mission to such power. In the great business "Trusts" that are formed, men who individually have built up a successful business, deliberately surrender into the hands of the "Trust" their whole business and all their interests in that busi-ness, and shut down or start up only as the management of the "Trust" directs. How-ever much the actual owner of the business may desire to go on with it, he cannot do so unless the manager of the "Trust" orders it. Thus it is in many of the leading businesses all over the land. And thus thousands of men all over the land have sold themselves, and are still selling themselves, to a one-man power; and are systematically training them-selves into subjection to a one-man power. Only let the day come when a combination of these "Trust" interests shall have one of their number at the head of the government, and the country will find itself too, sold to a one-man power. On the other \hand, there are the great federations and Confederations of Labor, formed to oppose the "tyranny" of the fed-erations and Confederations of Capital; but which themselves are only so many "Trusts" of another sort. Workingmen of every trade and occupation band themselves together and deliberately surrender into the hands of the president and the walking delegate the whole of their individuality. Their managers may sit in their offices in New York, Cleveland, Chicago, or wherever they may be, and send by telegraph a single word; and whether it be at midday or midnight, throughout half the country men will drop their tools and walk away from their work. Individually they may have no sort of grievance; their own personal choice would be to continue work; but the word has come from one man, the chief, whom personally they may not know, and may never even have seen; and though they may not know why, yet the word has come and they quit work and walk away to spend days, or weeks, or months, in absolute idleness, and they and their families in want. How would it be possible more plainly to show the insidious growth of a one-man power? Thus multitudes of people all over the land have sold themselves, and are still selling themselves, to the dictates of a one man power; and are systematically training themselves into unquestioning subjection to a one-man power. And have there not been sufficient illustra-tions of this to awaken the country to the imminent danger of it? In 1891 one man sat in Chicago and so suspended traffic and trans-portation over all the country from Lake Erie to the Pacific, that governors of "sov-ereign States" considered it necessary obse-quiously to solicit that they be permitted by this one man, a private individual, in Chi-cago, to journey on official business within  their own States. Only let the day come when one of these chiefs, or one representing the same interests, shall be placed at the head of the government; is there room for doubt that the nation would find itself under a one-man power? The religious elements of the country are also, both by doctrine and by practice, being systematically trained into the same thing. They are continually trained in the perni-cious theory that they must control the gov-ernment. They are continually trained in the despotic doctrine that governments do not derive their just powers from the consent of the governed; but from "the will of God," with themselves as the divinely-appointed expositors of that "will." And in the prac-tice of this pernicious theory. and this des-potic doctrine, in the endeavor to take pos-session of the government, they are system-atically training themselves into ready and unquestioning subjection to a one-man power. Only let the day come when one of these managers, or one devoted to their interests, shall be placed at the head of the government, and the country will find itself under the domination of a one-man power. Take then the element of the aggregations of Capital, and the element of the aggrega-tions of Labor against the aggregation of Capital, and the element of the aggregation of religious but earthly power--these three elements embrace the vast majority of the people of the United States. And when, as is the undeniable fact, these three elements are systematically training into blind submis-sion to a one man power, themselves and all whom they can influence, how long can it possibly be before the nation shall certainly fall under the domination of a one-man power? This is not to say that these three elements will unite to bring the country under a one-man power. It is only to call attention to the open prospect, that whichever of the three shall win, in the struggle for possession of the national power, the country must cer-tainly fall under the domination of a one-man power. We have not space this week to discuss this question in other important bearings. Be-sides, what has been said is enough to con-template for a week. It will not do to pass this off with a "pooh-pooh." The situation may indeed be not exactly pleasant for you to contemplate, but there is no denying that this is a fair presentation of the situation as it really is before this country. And the situation as it is, calls just now for serious thinking. To pass it off without this serious thinking, is only surely to hasten the coming of such a condition of things as will compel serious thinking. It will be better to give the subject the serious thought that it de-mands, before it be too late. Neither is there space now fully to point out the only safe course to take both for your-self and for the country. We can here cite but one admonition that the Lord gives to all for this time "The Lord spake thus to me with a strong hand, and instructed me that I should not walk in the way of this people, saying, Say ye not, A confederacy, to all them to whom this people shall say, A confederacy; neither fear ye their fear nor be afraid. Sanctify the Lord of hosts him-self; and let him be your fear, and let him be your dread. And he shall be for a sanc-tuary." Isa. 8:11-13. Prom the Department of the Interior, Washington, D. C., Nov. 18, 1896, Hon. David It. Francis, Secretary of the Interior,  in sending his regrets at not being able to attend a banquet in Kansas City, Mo., closed his letter with the following statement of an important truth:Š "If some legislation is not enacted to check the growing influence of wealth and to circum-scribe the powers of the trusts and monopolies, there will be an, uprising of the people before the close of the century which will endanger our very institutions." POPULAR GOVERNMENT REPUDIATED. THE American theory of popular govern-ment, upon which the laws and institutions of the United States have rested since the nation's birth, has been openly repudiated from the pulpit by a prominent Brooklyn clergyman, the Rev. Dr. Lyman Abbott, suc-cessor of Henry Ward Beecher. Not only did Mr. Abbott announce to his congregation his own repudiation of this theory, but he also announced that it had been repudiated by the American people. It is well known that Dr. Abbott long ago repudiated the Bible, for he has been for years one of the foremost of the expounders and defenders of the doctrine of Evolution. It need not be thought strange, therefore, that he should repudiate' the only theory of government which rests upon Scriptural grounds. The theory that "government rested on the consent of the governed," said Mr. Abbott, "was founded upon the proposition advanced by Rousseau that all men were born free and had surrendered their rights for the good of government." In this Mr. Abbott takes issue with the framers of the Declaration of Inde-pendence, who said, "We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, and are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights; . . . that to protect these rights, governments are insti-tuted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed." We be-lieve these truths are still self-evident to every unbiased mind. "When we, with muskets," said Mr. Abbott, "faced the rioters at Chicago, who demanded that we should govern them only with their consentŠthat was America's answer to the declaration that government rests on the consent of the governed." If it was, then America should obliterate every tribute which she has paid to the memory of the men who wrote and signed the Declaration of Independ-ence; since, according to this, they were the defenders and promoters of riot! But this is not the first time these noble men have been slandered in the name of religion. These statements, however, only led up to the crowning assertion of the discourse, which was that "The right of a majority in a democ-racy is to enforce divine law; that is all." That is the kind of government this Brooklyn clergyman would have in the place of govern-ment by the consent of the governed; and, sad to say, a multitude of other preachers believe in this substitution, and are doing their utmost to make it an accomplished fact. They are at the head of a mighty movement of religious forces in this land whose avowed aim is to substitute for the "godless" govern-ment we now have, one which will "enforce divine law." By this theory, the majority have the right - to enforce divine law. The minority, there-fore, have no rights at all; for of course the majority must control the government; and they must "enforce the divine law." It will of necessity rest with them to decide what 