792 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. Why Harris Was Indicted. Here is Williams' own account of it. "William Harris, for politic reasons, turns Generalist, and writes against all Magistrates, Laws; Courts, Char-ters, Prisons, and Rates, &c., pretending himself and his Saints to be the Higher Powers, and in public writings he stirred up the people most seditiously, and most desperately, threatening to, begin at Massachu-setts and to cry out no Lords, no Magistrates. This cost myself and the colony much, trouble. Myself by speech and writing opposed him, and he was committed for writing against his Magestie's Honor, Prerogative, and Authority, He lay for ,some time in prison until the General Assembly, where the Quakers (by his wicked, ungodly, and disloyal plots) prevailing, he by their meansgets loose, and leaves open a door for any man to challenge the King's Magesty." This, it is admitted by all authorities, is an un-fair statement of the case. Williams evidently misunderstood Mr. Harris. Harris was a man of undoubted probity, and was often trusted with re-sponsibility in the colony. Williams often spoke of the king's charter granting them liberty of con-science. William Harris, with that higher idea of Christian liberty which he got from the Quaker doctrine of the t' inner light," wrote against this, and declared that no king could grant liberty of conscience by his laws. His dealings with William Harris brought upon Williams much adverse criti-cism, and this is the origin of the charge first made by George Fox, himself, that Williams denied his principles, and justified the persecution of the Quakers. The descendants of William Harris, of the seventh generation, still live here in Providence, and are personally known to the writer. They still reiterate this charge, and this led to this investiga-tion. Williams was passionate sometimes, and partial. He had his share of the usual faults of great men, but, though, his principles were tested to the utmost, unless this be an exception, he ever remained true to the doctrine of absolute liberty of conscience. G. E. FIFIELD. SUNDAY PROSECUTIONS IN MARYLAND. THE spirit of religious, liberty does not seem, to have wholly triumphed in the State of Maryland Yet. On the twenty7seventli day of November;  Mr, J.}1. Rhodes and Mr. Harry Curlett (Seventh-day  Ł Adventists) were summoned to appear before a inagistrate to answer the charge of working on Sun-day. These men were residents of Winchester, Md. But as the local magistrate was a brother-in-law to Mr. Rhodes, he requested that the men be tried before the magistrate in Queenstown. When the time came for trial the defendants presented a request that their cases be waived for trial at the county court next May. This the magis-trate granted, but in so doing said that in order to do this the costs must be paid. This they did, and the cases were carried over. It is probable that the cases will never be *called up again, for the law of Maiyland states that charges for Sunday labor shall be tried before a magistrate. These prosecutions were started by opposing religious factions. A minister of the Methodist Protestant Church told his members that if they did -not take, steps to stop this Sunday work he would have to take it up himself. And so spies,  went to work and soon found Mr. Rhodes, who is the elder of the Seventh-day Adventist claurch in Winchester, or Ford's Store, and who had sacredly'  kept the seventh day, at work painting on his house, and making no more noise than the swish, of, his paint brush, and they immediately hastened off to the constable and led him around to where he could see with his own eyes, that Sunday was being dese-crated. But how to sustain a charge against Mr. CurleAt was a puzzle till a man stepped forth ,who said he did not want any thing to do with the case, but he could not lie, and he could witness to having seen Mr. Curlett assisting Mr. Rhodes. "All right," said the magistrate, " I summon you as a witness." So these men, honest in their conviction of duty to fulfil the command of God, " Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work, but the seventh day is Sabbath of the Lord thy God, in it thou shalt not do any work," are now under bonds to answer to the county court for having faithfully followed the command of God. No one was disturbed, for no noise was heard. So that religious intolerance is at the foundation of the whole thing. When will professed Christians learn to show the spirit of the Author of Christianity, who said, "If any man hear my word and believe not,,I judge him not "? Again the same divine Spirit asks the question', "Who art thou that judgest another man's servant? to his own master he standeth or falleth.", 0. 0. FARNSWORtlf... 