MAY 26, 1893. OA_N 165 drawn; it implies a preference for the ruling form of faith and worship, and a practical disapproval of all other forms. 6. There is a compelling, persecuting spirit behind these laws. The following is from a report of an interview which a reporter of the Chicago Evening Journal, of April 8, had with Rev. Frederick A. Noble, pastor of the Union Park Congre-gational Church, Chicago :Š If Sunday observance as you advocate it is con-sidered oppressive by a majority of the people, would you still enforce it? Exactly as I would enforce the law in any other respect. The Supreme Court has declared this to be a Christian country, and the foundations of the country were laid in Christian truth. The same reporter interviewed Rev. Dr. Withrow, pastor of the Third Presbyterian Church (Chicago), with the following re-sult :Š Would you compel others to observe Sunday in your way Never I I believe in the fullest religious and civil liberty. But neither civil nor religious liberty means lawlessness nn the part of any portion of the community. There is a Sabbath observance law on the Statute books of this and most of the other States, and the Supreme Court has lately recog-nized the Christian Sabbath. Sunday o*rvance is the law of the land, and that law must be en-forced the seine as any other law. Anything else than that would be anarchy. But Mr. Fairchild, in his "Moral Phil-osophy," has truly said Intolerance and oppression are not made tolerable by being in strict accordance with the law. 7. The real object underlying all Sun- day legislation is to settle a religious con- troversy and elevate Sunday, the first day of the week, as the Sabbath, in the place of Saturday, the seventh day, which God himself has declared is the Sabbath of the Lord our God. The United States House of Representatives, in its Sunday mail report of 1830, recognized that such was the case. It said :Š If Congress shall, by the authority of law, sanc-tion the measure recommended, it would constitute a legislative decision of a religious controversy, in which even Christians themselves are at issue. The State can not afford to take sides in a religious controversy. When it does, it thereby sets itself up as the enemy of those on the opposite side from that to which it adheres, and thus deprives itself of the power to keep the peace. And finally, all the Sunday legislation in all the world can not settle the Sabbath question, or make Sunday the Sabbath. Sunday is not the Sabbath, and both Cath-olics and Protestants admit the fret. The Chicago Catholic priest already quoted, Rev. Thomas F. Cashman, in the Chicago Evening Journal, of April 8, 1893, gives the Sunday case all away in the following words:Š The church insists, remember, upon a proper observance of Sunday in commemoration of the resurrection of her Head and the descent of the Holy Ghost. But that is church law, not divine. There is no command in the Bible which directs the observance of Sunday. That is canon law, and though our Protestant neighbors have borrowed the day from us, w have no desire to meddle with them in its enjoyment in their own peculiar fashion. At the same time we don't want them to meddle with us. Now, as to "k;unday being a Christian institution, an error loudly proclaimed; in the strict sense of the word, it was not instituted by Christ or his Church. It is not ordered by divine law nor was it ordered by the church. Constantine decreed the observance of Sunday in order to give the Christians a chance to compete with the pagans, and recognizing it was a good thing, the church in her subsequent councils adopted it. And the American Sabbath Union, an organization started and supported by the leading Protestant denominations in the United States, in its " Pearl of Days Leaf- lets" No. 3, entitled, "Saturday or Sunday ŠWhich ?" makes the following sweeping and fatal confession:Š But our opponents declare, " We are not satisfied with these inferences and suppositions; show us where the first day is spoken of as holy, or as being observed instead of the seventh; we must have a direct and positive command of God." We admit there is no such command. Such was in brief the line of argument presented at the hearing. In response to Mr. McGinley's statement that were it not for Sunday laws men could not exist, and there would be no church steeples "kissing the blue-tipped clouds," the gentleman was asked how it was that men existed before Constantine's Sunday law of 321 A. D., which history tells us was the first Sunday law, either ecclesiastical or civil, which the world ever saw, and how it is that California has church steeples kissing the skies, notwith-standing the fact that that State has no Sunday law. These and many other items of interest came up, and questions were poured in from all quarters almost with-out number. Thus is the Sabbath ques-tion coming before legislative assemblies. W. A. COLCORD. What Next? IT takes men of moral backbone to stand up stiffly against a wrong, and especially if it be in the face of a large majority of the people. Martin Luther was such a man. The combined powers, political and ecclesiastical, of the whole empire of Germany could not intimidate him in the least. Like a giant he stood in defense of the work committed to him, and came off victorious. The ruling spirits-  of any reformation are men of this stamp. But they are made of differ-ent material, or by the power of God made into different material, than the majority of mankind. An apparent evil may call out a protest from men, who when they see that their protests seem-ingly have only the effect of strengthen-ing the bands of wickedness, and calling down upon themselves ridicule or abuse, leave that work to another. Thus it has been in this Sunday closing of the World's Fair. When the question was first sprung, there was a storm of protests from all over the land, and the almost unanimous verdict was that such a thing as closed gates of the Columbian Exposition could never occur. No one had any idea it would come as it did, but being sprung as it was on the highest leg-islative body of our land, and in the way it was, on the face of it, a palpable vio-lation of the Constitution of the United States, there arose another storm of pro-tests, this time, not from the populace alone, but from the legislators themselves, there being at that time not more than half a dozen in both bodies who would openly champion the Sunday-closing pro-viso of the governmental appropriation to the World's Fair. But when the flood of petitions -and protests came from the religious element' of the country, threatening boycott, and fairly calling down divine vengeance on the heads of those who dared stand up against the wicked thing, one by one these protests ceased, and some of those who were loud-est in denouncing the evil were the first to fall in line with the mandates of the religio-political guardians of the " Amer-ican Sabbath," explaining their action in such words as these: "My constituency  demand such action," and to do otherwise than to accede to their demands " would not be wise statemanship." When this vantage ground was gained, then came the cry of " anarchists " against those who opposed this unconstitutional act. That silenced many more, for an anarchist is in disrepute in the United States. Thus things went on till the time for opening had arrived, when the report went out that in spite of everything the gates would be opened on the first Sun-day, and there was general rejoicing among the masses, and on the other hand dire threatenings on the part of the reli-gio-political leaders. But when the cru-cial test came, the gates closed against everybody and everything, even to one of Ł Uncle Sam's mail wagons. It is stated also that a Frenchman presented himself at the gate and offered the keeper a twenty-dollar gold piece if he would let him in-side, but that he was refused, whereupon he exclaimed : "And this is what you call personal liberty ! " The thing they wanted has been, for a moment at least, accomplishedŠclosed gatesŠthough already the indications are that the closing rule is not to be adhered to. But how are those looked upon who still remonstrate and protest? Dr. Law-rence, a Baptist minister of Chicago, preached a sermon on the subject Sunday, and denounced as treasonable .all efforts that are now being made to open the Fair on Sunday. First they were " anar-chists," now " traitors." What is the penalty for treason ? And what may those expect who persist in this opposi-tion to these encroachments ? The proph-et's ear of eighteen hundred years ago heard the fiat, and it was that " the beast should both speak and cause that as many as would not worship the image of the beast should be killed." Are we not al-most there now ? And who will be able to stand ? W. E. CORNELL. A Letter from the Capital. 408 Mass. Ave., N. W. Washington, D. C., May 14, 1893. AMERICAN SENTINEL : By an accident for which I shall be forever thankful I recently came into possession of the argu-ment of Prof. A. T. Jones, delivered be-fore the Senate Committee on Education and Labor in 1888, on the cover of which I find some information respecting the aims and principles of the AMERICAN SENTINEL. I read this argument very carefully, and am persuaded that it is the most masterly defense of the Christian religion and the American Constitution ever set forth. Hence I write to you at this time. In an address delivered recently, near this city by the Rev. Father Thomas O'Gorman, of the Catholic University of America, at the laying of the corner stone of Carroll Chapel, by His Eminence, Car-dinal Gibbons, the orator, referring to the subject of temporal support for the ecclesiastical power, said : " I do not mean to say that such aid and support from the civil powers are unworthy of them or of the Church. To them, it is a glory and a duty; to her, it is an homage and a right." This address is published in the Church News, of May 13, 1893; and in the edi-torial columns of the same respectable journal I find the following:Š Washington has once more been disgraced by the harangues of a so-called converted priest who, in imitation of low variety performances, flooded 