792 AMERICAN SENTINEL. schools, and finally secured a reversal of the policy by the Government. But meanwhile Rome had secured from the Government, under this policy, no less a sum than $2,366,416. This is the amountstated by Senator Gallinger on the floor of Congress as having been paid to the Catholic Church in this country during the eight years ending in 1894. Now, Rome has returned to the attack, and aims not only to secure all that she had lost before, but a great deal more. And the prospect is favorable that she will get all this in the end, if not at once. The Government has shown itself entirely too ready to help the Catholic Church in the territory acquired from Spain, and in this has logically committed itself to the position which Rome desires it to maintain. Government support of Catholic schools for the children among the 8,000,000 Filipinos, means a larger sum in the papal coffers than the Government has ever put there before. The papal church is no doubt quite willing to exchange the support of Spain for that of the United States. Spain has not been rich for many years past, and has been growing poorer and poorer, until she has come to the verge of bankruptcy; while the United States, on the other hand, has become the wealthiest nation on the globe. The United States cannot afford to pay to Rome or any other church a single principle of the free govern-ment which it is its honor to represent. To give away republican principles is a far dearer sacrifice than any amount of money; and this sacrifice Rome always de-mands. It will be immeasurably cheaper for the United States to build and support a system of public schools in the Philippines, than merely to support the so-called schools already built or that may be built by Rome. What It Cost to Burn a Heretic. A WRITER in the Windsor Magazine, who was sketch-ing the history of some of the first archbishops of Can- terbury, quoted an old account which shows how much it cost to burn a heretic three centuries ago and more. He says:Š "To defy the authority of the church meant in those days certain excommunication, which in turn entailed that the culprit should be dealt with by the laws of the state. That my readers may realize what this course implied, I give the following significant extract which appears in the municipal records of Canterbury, dated 1535:Š "For the expenses of bringing a heretic from London,  14s. 8d. "For 1% loads of wood to burn him,  2s. Od. "For gunpowder, 1d. "A stake and staple, 8d." EIGHTEEN names,Šseventeen for three months, and one for six months,Šwith $4.75 to pay for the same, was received a few days ago from one individual in Oregon. Who says the missionary spirit is dead? Reader, what do you say? If you are receiving your paper in a wrapper it means that you are the only one at your post office receiving the SENTINEL. Will you not try to change this order of things? Tremendous Assumption. Tat attitude taken recently by Mayor Hoos, of Jer-sey City, toward the question of enforced Sunday observ-ance, has called forth a manifesto from the American Sabbath Union. This manifesto declares thatŠ "It is the sacred, not the civil, Sabbath upon which the American institutions are builded. "It is the sacred, not the holiday, Sabbath that is the palladium of our liberties and the bulwark of private and public virtues. "A secularized Sabbath always has been, is and ever will be, the doorway through which sweeps a flood of immorality, destructive of the home, the peace and good order of society, and the national life." This is said in connection with a call for the enforce-ment of Sunday observance by law; and therefore it is plain that the enforcement desired is that of a religious observance of Sunday, and not the enforcement of a "civil" Sabbath. This is an undisguised statement of the case, like that made recently by the prosecuting at-torney at Centerville, Md., where he stated that two prisoners on trial for working on Sunday, were being tried for the offense of violating "the sanctity of the Christian Sabbath." The call for religious legislation, and the enforcement of existing` religious laws, is now being made with a boldness which is very signficant. There is one thing lacking in this statement by the American Sabbath Union, and the omission is one of im-portance. American institutions, it says, are builded upon a sacred Sabbath, and a sacred Sabbath is the pal-ladium of American liberties. But what is this "sacred Sabbath" to which they refer, built on? The "Sabbath" to which they refer is Sunday; and that day, as a "sa-cred Sabbath," rests wholly on their opinions. Many people do not believe Sunday is a sacred day at all; but it is the opinion of the members of the American Sab-bathUnion that Sunday is the "sacred Sabbath." That is their religious belief, and a dogma of the church creeds. Their opinions, therefore,Štheir belief, as members of a church holding to the dogma of Sunday sacrednessŠlie at the foundation of American institutions and Amer.. ican liberty! This is what their manifesto plainly im-plies. American institutions are builded on the "sacred Sabbath" (Sunday), and Sunday as a sacred day is builded upon their opinion in regard to which day is the Sabbath. Plainly, then, their opinions lie at the foun-dation of the whole structure; and what would become of American institutions and liberties if their opinions should give way! 