472 AMERICAN SENTINEL. THE archbishop of Manila threatens to excommuni-cate any newspaper publisher who publishes announce-ments of Protestant or masonic meetings. AN example of despotism in its worst form has been given by the striking street-car employees in Cleveland, who employed riot and dynamite in an endeavor to pre-vent the railway company from operating its system in the city. We are accustomed to associate tyranny with wealth; but a veryimportant truth would be overlooked if we should fail to discern that there is a despotism of the masses as well as of the classes. Despotism is an in-gredient of human nature, and shows itself as readily in the proceedings of labor unions as in the operations of the trusts. THE street-car employees attempted to force the street railway company to stop running their cars. This was their way of saying to the railway company that the company must give them employment on their terms. We do not doubt that the conditions on which this company offered employment to its men were hard conditions, reflecting no credit on the company from the standpoint of philanthropy. But the company was not bound to give them employment on any terms. No person has any right to try to force another person to provide him with employment. This was what the strik-ing employees tried to do with the company when they sought to forcibly suppress the traffic on its lines; they not only demanded that the company provide them with employment, but that this be done on their own terms. This was despotism pure and simple, and was without any shadow of justification by the principles of free gov-ernment.  people had always valued their independence at its true worth, the distressing conditions now revealed in the la-boring world would never have been reached. ALMOST immediately following the death of the noted agnostic, Robert G. Ingersoll, the announcement was made in the papers that his "spirit" had appeared and communicated with a Spiritualist "medium" at a "seance" held in this city. This was the claim made by the Spiritualists, and it is seldom that a noted man dies these days without an announcement following from the Spiritualists that his "spirit" has made its way directly to some Spiritualist shrine for the purpose of communi-cating again with the world. THAT there are multitudes of peopleŠin fact almost the whole religious worldŠwho believe in individual con-sciousness after death, is one of the strangest facts known in the nineteenth century. Without any support in either reason or revelationŠin the face, indeed, of all the testimony which these giveŠthis doctrine is held by people who claim to make reason and revelation their sole guides. But it is not strange that such a belief should arise and prevail in the heathen world; and from heathenism it has found its way within the fold of the church. THE doctrine asserts that every human being pos-sesses an immortal soul, or spirit, which is the real thinking and emotional part of the individual, and which at death is released from its mortal tenement, and enters upon the freedom and higher knowledge of the spirit life. This "immortal" intangible intelligence how-ever loses all consciousness when the individual goes to sleep or is "knocked senseless" by a blow. At such times it knows absolutely nothing. Yet the functions of the bodily organs are at such times only partially sus-pended. A partial cessation in the action of the bodily machinery producing total unconsciousness on the part of the "soul," what then must follow when the ma-chinery is stopped completely?-0h, then at once the "soul" is not only conscious, but knows more than it ever did before! THERE are too many workingmen for the work that other people have to offer them; aŁnd the only remedy is one that lies with the workingmen themselves; not by combining into unions to force employees to come to their terms; for no amount of force can make ten men fit in a place where there is room for only six; but by finding work which some other person does not offer; by getting more directly in touch with the primary source of all support, which is the earth; by cultivating inde-pendence, even at the expense of enduring hardships. If DROWNED persons have been brought back to life and consciousness after all organic action in the body had ceased; yet in no case of the kind did the individual know anything at all after consciousness was lost until his resuscitation. The Saviour, during his ministry on the earth, raised many persons from the dead, but not one of them had anything to reveal of spirit life and knowledge after death. Lazarus was raised to life after he had been dead four days; yet he said nothing about his "spirit" having been summoned down from heaven 