618 AMERICAN SENTINEL, most ardent advocates, Rev. Dr. Lyman Abbott, has been given a full opportunity to show what the essence of our policy is, and how far he, as a representative Christian, is ready to go in its support. The address of Dr. Abbott before the International Congregational Council Friday forenoon was an affirmation of the superiority of law in the development of mankind, com-pared with the force of the Christian spirit. The address ought to be published verbatim and read thoughtfully by every clergyman and layman wha sympathizes with the McKinley policy of conquest. . . . "The practical repudiation of Christian missions as a pioneer force in civilization is formally and flatly made a part of Dr. Abbott's creed. He said that missions `may save some individual lives, and will emancipate some fragments of some tribes, but as far as the illumin-ation of Africa is concerned the mission stations are like glow-worms in the midnight darkness of a great meadow. If Africa is to be redeemed, first must go the law and after that the gospel.' A little further on he said, in so many words, that he put law before the gos-pel as the means of the world's redemption, and said that the authority of the law must be established before an effort is made to give the gospel. His argument was supported by the illustration of England's course, and he favored military conquest of inferior nations as a preliminary to giving them the gospel. "It will be recalled by all those who have heard the arguments of such teachers as the late Julius H. Seelye, and who are familiar with the present argument for Christian missions, that the fundamental argument for missions as against other civilizing forces is that they alone can pave the way to civilization on the right basis, and that there is no civilizing efficacy in trade or in the contact of heathenism with civilization, apart from the latter's Christian influence. But Dr. Abbott has in pub-lic and with emphatic formality, declared that the pres-ent missionary policy is a failure, and he holds up to ridicule what has been done by the American board and other missionary bodies in Africa for over half a cent-ury. By the same standard, the missions in China and all othe'r parts of the world are a failure. Yet the Amer-ican board has heard, year after year, for seventy five years, reports from the front which have encouraged them to labor on, struggling for larger rewards. Only last year it was proved how wonderfully successful our missions ha .d been, especially in China, and already it is said by the officials that this last year has resulted in more progress than in any previous year in the history of the board. But, according to Dr. Abbott, these are all baseless and the work is in the wrong direction. First of all should come the military conquest of Africa, China, and the other heathen parts of the world. Force should be used, and after that has prevailed, then the gospel of love should be preached to the people whom the armies were killing just before. He justified war in his apothe-osis of taw. 'The army is a necessary means of enforcing obedience‚troiraw,' he said, and his whole argument was in defense of the predominance of force until force shall have conquered the world, and then it will be ample time to preach about divine love. "Dr. Abbott had the support of a material part of his audience. Certainly, also, he did not have the sup-port of another material part. Neither side can claim  the majority, though Dr. Abbott doubtless received the louderdemonstrations of approval. But Dr. MacKennal, in his clear and forceful presentation of the case against war, did not round out his sentences so as to command applause as Dr. Abbott did, and the audience was not provoked to applaud as by Dr. Abbott. But the funda-mental positions of these men ought to be carefully considered, Dr. Abbott deftly wove a plea for the en-forcement of law, and, having established principles regarding the enforcement of police regulations with which there would be general agreement, befogged the issue by applying those principles to all peoples who are inferior in military strength to some nation which might see fit to makewar upon them. Bis theory would amply justify Russia in enforcing her despotism upon a people as free as the Swiss. It puts upon the strong nation the obligation to conquer the weak, and the strong one is always to be judge of the need of the conquest for the benefit of humanity, and there is no recognition whatever of any rights of property, life or liberty on the part of the weaker nation. If the Boers stand in the way of the Cape-to-Cairo railroad, then the Boers must be crushed. If the Filipinos do not have as good a government as the United StatesŠno matter how perfect may be the order which now reigns in Luzon under Tagal rule, and no matter how hopeful may be the future if they are given the opportunity to rise,Šthey must be slaughtered until they yield. "Dr. Abbott's argument repudiates entirely the spirit of Christianity. He would abolish all missionary effort until military conquest has been completed, and he would insist upon the doctrine of might makes right, provided the might is exercised by a man who says that he wants to promote civilization. But almost every conqueror says that. It is well for the imperialists that Dr. Abbott has made his deliverance, and the two sides may well fight out the discussion on the line he laid down, for imperial-ism comes to that, though some do not admit it. But he sees it and admits it, and now it is to be hoped that there will be clearer thinking among his followers. Im-perialism rests upon force and disregard of the rights of man and of the progress of Christianity. If the Congre-gational Council has done no other good to the public, it has more sharply defined the principles which are involved in this tremendous contest." Senator Mason on "Expansion." To A reporter for the Washington Post, Senator Mason, of Illinois, said recently that he would continue in Congress his opposition to the Philippine war, and added:Š "People make a great mistake when they say that I am against expansion. I am not. But expansion by purchase or any other honorable means is one thing; expansion by force is another. I do not believe that theﬂe was any necessity for this war upon the Filipinos. I believe that if we had adopted a resolution in Con-gress, assuring those people as we assured the Cubans that we had no selfish designs upon them, we never would have met with any opposition in the Philippines. 