" AMERICAN SENTINEL. 125 he cannot therefore make any mistake or tell a lie. We maintain that he has given revelation through Christ, the God-man, who confirmed his divinity and his divine commission by the miracles he wrought. "'We rest on faith inŁGod's Word; that is the first step, the foundation. The second step is this: We maintain that Christ wished his teachings to be taught to the end of time. If they change they cease to be his teachings, but rather somebody else's. He is unchanged. He founded a church with which he promised to abide forever, preserving her from error. This is the doctrine of infallibility and unity. "'The Catholic Church has an, infallible teaching authority, resting on the commission of Christ himself. Now this position of the church has never been refuted, and to-day all the talk against the authority of the church is a mere rhetorical flourish, in`favor of liberty without reasons, without proof. A gesture and an apostrophe t6 liberty are not enough to prove one's position. You must take up the Catholic Church's posi-tion and handle her proofs one by one and show their falsity. It cannot, never has, and never will be done. The stronghold of the church is "authority," the en- emy is liberty of thought, or "individualism," as some call it.'" "'All the mischief in the moral world today, all the havoc in social and domestic life, all the confusion of thought and opinion are due to an exaggerated idea and to a false application of liberty. "'The Catholic Church teaches that our Lord Jesus Christ is really, truly, and substantially in ,the euchar-ist. The non-Catholic or Protestant sects deny this, and charge the church with idolatry . In truth, one of the two must be false. But a religion which is wrong even in only one point, cannot be the true one. There-fore it is simply impossible that Catholicity and Prot-estantism should both be true. Sanctity can never be attained in repudiating dogma and tradition, or in tearingthe creed to tatters. It can only beŁbad in chas-tising the body, in refraining from things, in purifying the heart, so that it may be the worthy abiding place of the blessed Lord in holy communion.'" The Catholic claim that the church of Rome has an "infallible teaching authority, resting on the commis-sion of Christ himself," which claim "cannot, never has, and never will be, refuted," is very easily refuted by the Scriptures, as it often has been and often will be re-futed. The Catholic Church wants unity, in religion by the suppression of thought; the Protestant wants unity by the exercise of thought. The Catholic wants supreme religious authority vested in a fallible, mortal man: the Protestant wants such authority vested only in God. The Catholic goes to the pope, the prelate; the priest, to be taught his religious duty; the Protestant goes to God, to be taught by the Holy Spirit. The Protestant does not claim that his own judgment is a safe or proper religious guide, and this is just why he rejects the guidance of the pope, the prelate and the church "fathers," because all these were and are only mortal, fallible men like himself. No man is invested with a new element of character  by being chosen to office, even to the office of the pope; nor does he by such elevation acquire any more knowl-edge than he had before. "If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God, who giveth to all men liberally and upbraideth not, and it shall be given him." "The Holy Ghost, . . . he shall guide you into all truth.' The Protestant is satisfied with God as his teacher and the Holy Spirit as his guide; and his satisfaction is not at all diminished by noting what has been the history of the men and the nations which have been led by the church of Rome. Salvation, by faith, as opposed to salvation by works, means liberty of thought as opposed to that submission of the intellect to merely human authority demanded by the papal church. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION-- PUBLISHED WEEKLY -BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York. Bound Volumes for 1899. The questions that have through the past year stirred to its very depths the spiritual and political life of this nation, and the relationship which the AMERI-CAN SENTINEL has sustained to these questions, makes the bound volume for 1899 a very valuable book. To the student of the great question of human rights it is a necessity. Our prices are as formerly: In cloth,with leather back and corners, $2.50; in heavy manila paper cover, $1.50. These prices include postage. Those who desire to secure copies should send in their orders at once. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write Names Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bans Drab on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind og good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper mousy or coin is sent, register the letter. AMERICAN S  1-4,1\TTIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom-promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year " Six months 44 " Three months ADDRESS, 