120 A.IVIIIELIC A N SION"'PrIN1EILA., VoL. 9, No. 15. NEW YORK, APRIL 12, 1894. r0Š  ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. A BILL has been introduced into the Dominion Parliament, by Mr. Charlton, " For the better observance of the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday." THE case of James Barber, a Seventh-day Adventist, of Toronto, Canada, for Sunday w_ork, on appeal from conviction by the magistrate in the lower court, has been dismissed, and the decision of the lower court annulled. THE matter of the Sunday delivery of newspapers is receiving attention in Eng-land. It would seem that the Sunday newspaper is now the chief offense in the eyes of the Sunday observance associations, the world over. THE telegraphic dispatches from Kan-sas City say: " An intensely bitter politi-cal campaign, in which the line between American Protective Association men and Catholics was strictly drawn, culminated to-dayŠelection dayŠin an encounter be-tween these two classes, during which one man was killed and five wounded, three of whom will die." THE Christian Advocate, in its issue of April 5, publishes in full the deci-sion of the Supreme Court of the State of Michigan in the appealed case of Michael Bellet, arrested under the act of the legislature of Michigan prohibiting barbers from carrying on their business on Sunday. The supreme court holds the act to have been in consonance with the Constitution of the State and of the United States. A WASHINGTON special, of March 27, says: " The proposed amendment to the preamble of the Constitution, 'acknowl-edging the supreme authority and just government of Almighty God in all the affairs of men and nations,' was finally disposed of by the House Committee on Judiciary to-day when by a viva voce vote it was decided to allow the resolution to lie on the table, the only dissenting voice against such action being that of Repre-sentative W. A. Stone, of Pennsylvania." THE Christian Advocate of this city notes the formation of a Jewish Sabbath Association, and says : " An association has been formed among the Jews of this city for securing a more general observ-ance of the Sabbath by their co-religion-ists. Among its features will be the es- tablishment of an employment bureau, to bring together employers who wish to observe the Sabbath and allow their hands to do so, and working people who desire the privilege, and the organization of Sab-bath Observance Committees in the vari-ous trades and professions. It will also seek the amendment of the existing legis-lation of the State, so that more adequate protection may be secured for those who observe the seventh day and follow their callings on Sunday." THE Catholic Standard says : " There are many hopeful `signs in the air' as well as disturbing rumors from the press. Non-Catholic clergymen, knowingly or ignorantly, are helping to forward Cath-olic practice in the people's thoughts and teaching Catholic truths from Protestant pulpits." This is unquestionably true. Roman, Catholic error is now ignorantly propagated from Protestant pulpits, and by Protestant organizations, with more subtle and successful efficiency than even from the Catholic cathedrals themselves. THE Catholic Review, of April 7, in commenting on an article by Rev. Frank B. Vrooman in the last Arena, says :Š Here and there a non-Catholic sees the absurdity of making the living Church of Christ subordinate to a collection of ancient manuscripts, or copies of manu-scripts, written in various languages by different writers without concert or common system or relation, now translated more or less correctly and said to be subject to individual interpretation. Such paragraphs as this, in reference to the word of God, show how closely allied the Roman Catholic Church, the Higher Criticism, and Spiritualism, al-ready are. Ł Two pamphlets, Nos. 5 and 37, of " The Anti-Infidel Library," published at 47 Cornhill, Boston, Mass., and edited by H. L. Hastings, editor of the Christian, have reached the SENTINEL table. The larger pamphlet is a work of 155 pages, entitled " The Bible Triumphant, "Ša reply to a work entitled " 144 Self-con-tradictions of the Bible," by Elizabeth A. Reed, Member of the Philosophical So-ciety of Great Britain, author of " Hindu Literature, or the Ancient Books of India." The treatment of these proposi-tions put forward by skepticism is most scholarly and in the main satisfactory, but it is necessary to point out two errors which are evident even on a cursory ex-amination. Upon proposition 41, " The Sabbath Instituted, Ex. 22 : 8,ŠThe Sab-bath Repudiated, Isa. 1:13; Rom. 14 : 5; Gal. 4 : 5," this writer comments thus:Š The keeping  of the seventh day, as holy time, was also instituted under the law and sanctioned by Jeho-vah in the Jewish dispensation. . . . But the keeping of the seventh day passed away with the law of which it was a component part. It is well to devote one day in the seven exclusively to the worship of God. The disciples met on the first clay of the week, and it was hallowed by the resurrection of our Lord. Hence we recognize THIS as the day of worship; but there is now no law of God which commands us to observe the Mosaic Sabbath. Thoughtful students of the Bible at this time know that the institution and sanc-tion of the seventh day as holy time was from creation, and is of the same perpetu-ity as any other of the commandments. The ceremonial law which was typical in its observances passed away when that which it typified was realized, but the fourth commandment is not a part of the ceremonial observances, but of the eternal law of God. Christ and his disciples always observed the seventh day " accord-ing to the commandment,"Šthe Sabbath is not the Sabbath of Moses, but of God, and its observance is as binding now "according to the commandment" as when Christ so observed it upon earth or at the creation when he instituted it. Again in proposition 110,Š" The Law was Superseded by the Christian Dis-pensation,ŠThe Law was not Superseded by the Christian Dispensation,"Šthis fail-ure to distinguish between the moral and ceremonial law,Šbetween the ten com-mandments and the Jewish ritual leads here a seco'i.d time into fatal error. The second pamphlet is a tract of thirty-six pages upon the Higher Criticism," by H. L. Hastings. This brochure is both able and eloquent, containing many pun-gent and quotable paragraphs, one cannot begin to quote because each succeeding sentence would clamor just as loudly for recognition. Every one afflicted with the " Higher Criticism" should read this. THE SENTINEL is in receipt of a neatly bound booklet, bearing the title " Songs of the Age," by Col. Dudley H. Davis. The mechanical work on this little book is admirable, the typography accurate, and the make-up symmetrical and satisfactory to the critical eye of the printer and book fancier. Within its covers are more than three-score short poems which breathe the sentiment of the hills and highlands, the homely joys of the country homestead, and the peaceful beauty of sylvan scenes. The thought and the feeling of these sim-ple poems do honor to the honest soul and noble heart of the author, the merchant-farmer " Bard of Quiet Dell." " PROTESTANTISM, True and False " is the title of the February number of the Religious Liberty Library, a tract of twenty-three pages which should be thoughtfully read by every Protestant and every professed Protestant throughout the world. AMERICAN SENTINEL Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per year, - - 90c 25 to 99 " " " " - - - 80c 44 Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 100 to 249 " " " 250 to 499 " " " " gi 500 to 999 "  " 1000 or more " " " To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 750 - - - 700 - - 65c - - 60c - - 5 shillings 