20 AMERICAN SENTINEL. glad in his companionship and satisfied with his ap-proval, until in fact Christ is to him "all and in all." To have the witness of the Spirit that his ways are pleasing to God must be to him the end of desire, his crowning joy, before he is ready to meet the Lord, either at resur-rection or by translation. It is very necessary that this should be thoroughly understood by any who are called to promulgate any great principle. The broader the principle the more necessary that it should be firmly planted and rooted in the individual mind and heart. I heard a minister say once, "I did not preach the ser-mon I intended this morning because it was too impor-tant to throw away on the small congregation." He had utterly lost sight of the ideal congregation in this popu-lar craze for the crowd. We need, in these last days, for the promulgation of the momentous principles which have been committed to us as a people, to cultivate the mother instinct which -never can see more than one at a time, and that one for the time being, as long as her eye is on him, to her, like his Lord, "the chiefest among ten thousand, the one al-together lovely!: Just as long as a man thinks of himself as a part of a crowd he is useless, if not dangerous; for he will never be able to pass through any crisis where manhood and integrity are needed. A series of evangelistic temperance services had brought a throng of men out of the saloons into the church; they came almost in a body; it was a wonderful thing to witness. All went well for months, but on the Fourth of July one of the number in a little town where he had found work was tempted to drink, and fell. The word was carried quickly to the rest of "the crowd" who were "celebrating" in a decorous manner, suited 'to the day and the new life they were living. It struck them, as a ball might strike a row of bricks stand-ing on end. Before night a large proportion of them were lying around drunk in the old haunts. They had gone down one after the other, until, at last, one who had learned what it was to be a man in his own right and to stand alone with God, refused to go down; and stood as a kind of break-water to a remnant who were yet sober, and so gave them time to rally their senses; and also gave them a testimony that salvation person-ally applied meant something. To come into the church for the purpose of getting help is, sooner or later, to become disappointed, dis- couraged, and to apostatize in heart if not in outward ap-pearance. There is no help in the church, excepting for the man who comes into it as the arm has come into the shoulder, by natural growth, and for service to the whole body. Then nothing can binder him from being helped. As he exercises the gifts that are in him for the edi- fication of the body of Christ and for the rescue of the lost, he must thrive, and grow up into spiritual man-hood. As time passes on rapid wing the need grows that we should each find the soul that we must win,Šthat we should seek Łout the lonely and desolate ones, who are,  here and there, waiting for the truth with which we have been so richly laden, to the end that we may dispense it as liberally as we have received. Which Shall We Believe? THE Chri,stian Citizen, for December, in speaking of the prospective time "when the initiative and referendum are applied to municipal and State politics," says:Š "Then the voice of the people, which is the voice of God, will be heard." So said the old pagans of ancient Rome, and to them, as far as it can be traced, the statement owes its origin. Upon their authority it rests. But the Bible says that the voice of God is heard through "holy men of old," who "spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost." Which shall we believe, the pagans of ancient Rome, or the Bible? The True Reformer. A TRAVELER is one who travels, and not,  one who stays at home and writes books of travel. A worker is one who works, and not one who enjoys seeing other men work. So a writer is one who himself writes, and a re-former is one who reforms himself, and not, as seems to be the popular idea, one who sets himself the task of re-forming everybody else after his ideas. It-  is true that the work of a real reformer does not end with himself, since everybody, however humble, has an influence, and so his example, coupled with precept, invites others to reform. But no man has any claim to the title of re-former who simply devises schemes for others to carry out. "Come!" is the watchword of true reform. "The Spirit and the Bride say, Come. And let him that hear-eth say, Come ."ŠSei. SOME would-be reformers might save themselves and others a good deal of trouble, if they would remember that theories based upon an ideal state of things will not always fit the world in which we live. AN increasing light of scientific discovery does little, if anything, to dispel the darkness of religious supersti-tion. The amazingprevalence of such superstition in the world to-day is sufficient evidence upon this point. MR. W. J. DESMOND, of Ronceverte, W. Va., writes : "I inclose subscription price of the SENTINEL. I would rather be deprived of some of the comforts of life,  than to do without my dear little friend, the AMERICAN SEN-TINEL." 