726 AMERICAN SENTINEL. enough, and much more than enough, in the world at the present time. But this is not patriotism in its true sense. There is a sentiment which leads men to seek the welfare of their fellows, regardless of condition, belief, or color, and even of nationality. The Declaration of Independence sounded forth the words of freedom for all the world. And under the system of government for which it stood, the op-pressed of all nations found a haven of refuge. Under the operation of the principles of liberty which it enun-ciates, there arose in a single century one of the greatest nations upon the globe. Cannot the nation continue to prosper under the inculcation of these same principles? Is not in them that the truest patriotism is to be found? Let us have a patriotism which reaches out beyond the boundaries of the American continent, even to the afflicted people of other lands; not to seek to kill as many of them as our armaments will enable us to do, nor to cripple the interests of other countries that those of ourŁ own may be enhanced; but one which seeks to further the welfare of a sorrow-laden humanity in all lands; and which stands in defense of the God-given rights and liber-ties of the people, whether at home or abroad. I- . The Place of Liberty. BY JOHN D. BRADLEY. (Concluded.) LIBERTY is divine, and it is found in Christianity alone. Christ is the great Emancipator, for he was "sent to proclaim liberty to the captives, and the opening of the prison to them that are bound." "I am the way, the truth, and the life." "Ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free." In the language of Bancroft , "The voice inJudea was the first to vindicate religion for the conscience of the individual," and in vindicating in-dividual liberty on that point, he vindicated it upon every point. He was the living expression of the one law in the universe, the observance of which insures liberty. This one law is the "royal law," "the perfect law of lib-erty," the only charter of equality. "I will walk at lib- Łerty, for I seek thy precepts." Through Christ alone can the life be brought into conformity with that law, for "without me ye can do nothing." Therefore, Christianity is the place of liberty; the conservator of liberty; the only source of liberty; "If the Son shall make you free, ye shall be free indeed." "Stand fast therefore in the liberty wherewith Christ hath made us free." Here no less than elsewhere "eternal vig-ilance is the price of liberty." When I say that Christianity is the place of liberty, I do not mean that it is the place of a certain kind of lib-erty, or of a certain phase of liberty. It is the place of liberty in every respect, both spiritual and social. It is the place of all liberty, except the liberty of despotism.  Politics do not enter into it, yet it is a fact that without the principles of the Christian religion there can be no political liberty. The measure of freedom that has been enjoyed under any system of government has been exactly in proportion to the influence that these principles have had upon the lives of the individual citizens. Acting upon other principles, their imagined freedom has been made to minister to tyranny, their liberty serving the flesh only as a cloak of maliciousness. It does not alter the truth a particle to make the words of the Master read : Despotism is from beneath ; liberty is from above ; despotism is of this world ; liberty is not of this world. Nor do I mean that the spirit of democracy is foreign to Christianity. It is not, when it proclaims the equality of man and the principle of government by consent. In this sense Christ has been properly called the first true democrat. The Christian church, in which each member is obedient to the command of the Master, in humbleness of mind esteeming others better than himself, is the only true democracy that can exist. In it there is neither Greek nor Jew, Barbarian nor Scythian, bond nor free, for "all are brethren." The first is last, and the greatest is servant. Vox populi, vox Dei,Šthe voice of the people is the voice of God ,Šwas a favorite maxim in the republic of Rome. It is safe to say that there was never uttered a greater falsehood. In the Christian church, conducted upon its original principles, the voice of the people is the voice of God, for "whatsoever ye shall bind on earth shall be bound in heaven, and whatsoever ye shall loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven." A community such as would be produced if conducted upon these principles, is described by Longfellow in that beautiful picture of life in the village of Grand Pre:Š " Thus dwelt together in love these simple Acadian farmers,ŠDwelt in the love of God and of man. Alike were they free from Fear, that reigns with the tyrant, and envy, the vice of republics. Neither locks had they to their doors, nor bars to their windows ; But their dwellings were open as day and the hearts of the owners ; There the richest was poor, and the poorest lived in abundance." It has always appeared to nie that Longfellow, was here describing the ideal rather than the actual; the ideal becomes the actual only in Christianity. In conclusion, remember that love is the law of lib-erty. "Perfect love casteth out fear," "that reigns with the tyrant;" and "envy, the vice of republics," has no place, for "love suffereth long and is kind, love envieth not." This liberty is conferred not by might nor by power; not by the proclamation of consuls and the ele-vation of the eagle; but by the proclamation of the gos-pel and the quiet and peaceful influence of the Spirit. It is not found in the storm nor in the whirlwind; but is re-vealed by the still, small voice. It is my sincere desire that we shall so heed that voice that it may lead us into that soon coming kingdom, where the marks of despot-ism shall have no place,Šwhere there shall be no more death, nor sorrow, nor pain, for "sorrow and sighing shall flee away, and everlasting joy shall be the portion of the redeemed." "Where the Spirit of the Lord is, THERE is liberty." 