AMERICAN SENTINEL. 105 God would be unjust in requiring of mankind something they could not perform. If there were any possibility of his Sabbath day becoming lost, that possibility would no doubt have been in the mind of the Creator when he ordained the Sabbath, and he would have taken measures for its preservation. So to question whether the seventh day has been lost or not, is really to question whether the purpose of God in giving the Sabbath has failed or not, which is to question whether God is omniscient and omnipotent, or is no real God at all. The Creator pointed out the Sabbath day to the Jews shortly after they left Egypt; and as he certainly knew which day was the seventh day, it is certain the Jews at that time knew when the seventh day "came round." And they began as a nation to observe the Sabbath at that time, and have continued its observance from that day to this. So our inquirer has only to make note of the day observed by the Jews, to know just what day is the seventh day commanded by the Creator. * * * Finally, it is recorded of the holy women who came to the sepulchre of Jesus to anoint his body, that they "returned and prepared sweet spices and ointments, and rested the Sabbath day according to the c om man dment." And the next day,when they cameagain to the sepulchre, was "the first day of the week." So the Sabbath day according to the commandmentŠwhich was the day God sanctified and blessed at creationŠislocated at the time of the resurrection of Christ as being the dayimmediately preceding the "first day of the week." And the first day of the week has certainly not been lost since that time. * * * There has never, indeed, been any occasion in the history of the world for the week to get lost. From earliest times, its different days were dedicated to the different heathen gods, from the sun to saturn, and they were as prominent in the transactions of the world anciently as they are today. They could no more get lost anciently than they can to-day. Both the heathen world and the people of God have preserved the week, with its seventh day, from earliest times down to the present; and their records agree to-day, and always have agreed. So it is absolutely beyond question that the seventh day of our week and the seventh day of creation week are one and the same day. * * THE controversy in the public schools at Piermont, N. Y., growing out of the attempt to compelattendance of the children at religious exercises, which was opposed by Catholic parents, has been settled by the following decision rendered by State Superintendent Skinner:Š "It is a violation of the school law to compel chil- dren to attend religious services after the hour of school opening, and the reading of the Bible in the public schools is also prohibited. As far back as 1838 the superintendent of common schools laid down this deci-sion: 'Neither the common school system nor any other social system can be maintained unless the conscientious views of all are equally respected.' " * A PROPOSED law for the control of religious associa-tions in Japan has been presented to the Japanese House of Peers, and from present indications it is thought likely that it will be passed. The proposed measure is interesting in that it puts Christian churches on the same plane as regards rights and privileges that is occupied by Buddhist societies and temples. No taxes are to be levied on "buildings and premises used for propagating religion or performing services," or on "buildings established within such premises for the resi-dence of teachers of religion." This is substantially the same as the provision of American law against the tax-ation of church property. * "The only point against which reasonable objection can be raised," says an American religious journal, is the following:Š "No kyoshi [teacher of religion] can give public ex-pression to his opinions on political affairs, or engage in any movement of a political character." This has called out a protest from a number of Jap-anese Christians. Such a provision is, of course, an unjustifiable re-striction upon personal liberty, yet it shows how keenly the Japanese government appreciates the truth that political measures starting from religious sources are likely to be productive of harm; and also thatŠsad to sayŠa profession of Christianity is no guaranty that an individual or an organization of men will not work against the government or try to manipulate politics so as to place their religion in a position of political advantage. * * A PARTIAL report which has been made by the Phil-ippine Commission, affirms that independence is not desired by the more intelligent classes in the islands. It does pronounce, however, in favor of leaving the question of title :to property claimed by the religious orders to be settled by the courts of justice, and even suggests th6-propriety of dividing this property up into small parcels, to be sold to the people. Meanwhile a new Philippine Commission, with a United States Circuit judge at:its:head, has been appointed by the PresidEnt, the special:missionlof which, it is said, will be the estab-lishment of a civil government for the islands. 