212 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. was not open on Sunday ? The rabble would be chiefly attracted by the oppor-tunities afforded for theft and kindred crimes. The advantages will , be as great in this direction on one day as on another ; and whoever may stay away, the " rabble" will be there. And if to keep from hav-ing pandemonium on the streets is the object sought, it might be well to let a few of them go to the Fair on Sunday, and not have so many of them on the streets. The final reason given for closing the Fair is that the " after effects of Sunday opening would be to give unbridled license to amusements of all sorts." If a man finds no entertainment or pleasure in the exercise of religion, why should Christians object to his seeking amusement of some kind on Sunday ? If the heart is destitute of the grace of God, and the desire is there for some form of amusement, a simple law putting the amusement out of his reach on Sunday will not change his heart. And if the heart is not changed the man is morally none the better for ab-staining from something which his very soul was on fire to get, but which the law had made it impossible for him to obtain. Christianity should labor to induce men to reject worldly amusements from prin-ciple, and that on every day as well as on Sunday. The State has no right to make anything a crime on Sunday that is fully sanctioned on every other day of the week. If the exhibitors desire to close the Fair on Sunday,. they have a perfect right to do so, and we would not object in the least. But what we do object to is the idea of constantly trying to get the State to close it by law, and thus foster the idea of religious legislation. The principle is wrong, and should be opposed by every lover of either civil or religious freedom. A. 0. TAIT. The Pope's Encyclical. THE Pope's encyclical on the condition of labor, the full text of which has only recently been published in this country, contains many good things, but also many pernicious things. Among the good things, is the following :Š The idea that the civil government should, at its own discretion, penetrate and pervade the family and the household, is a great and pernicious mis-take. . . . If within the walls of the household there occur grave disturbances of mutual rights, the public power must interfere to force each party to give the other what is due. . . . But the rulers of the State must go no further; nature bids them stop here. Paternal authority can neither be abolished by the State nor absorbed, for it has the same source as human life itself. This is good; but that the Pope did not really mean it is evident from a subse-quent-portion of the encyclical, as follows: We have said that the State must not absorb the individual or the family . . . . nevertheless, rulers should anxiously safeguard the community and all its parts. . . . The gift of authority is from God, and is, as it were, a participation of the highest of all sovereignties; and it should be exer  ercised as the power of God is exercisedŠwith a fatherly solicitude which not only guides the whole, but reaches to details as well. . . . Now among the interests of the public as of private individuals, are these: that peace and good order should be maintained: that family life should be carried on in accordance with God's laws and those of nature: that religion should be reverenced and obeyed; that a high standard of morality should prevail in public and private life. This is utterly mischievous. If the State is to govern with a " solicitude which reaches to details," if these details include the carrying on of family life in accordance with God's laws, and the maintaining of a, high standard of morality " public and private," it must absorb both the individ-ual and the family. It is not a matter of surprise, however, that.the Pope advocates the paternal theory of government; it is thoroughly papal; the wonder is that Protestants are found defending and pro-mulgating a theory which is so utterly subversive of human liberty. To Vote or Not to Vote. THE editors of the Christian Statesman have been especially prominent in the action of the Synod of the Reformed Pres-byterian Church, at Pittsburg, where five ministers were expelled for defending their right of franchise and so, in that re-gard, fulfilling their duty as American citizens. The New York Times, of May 26, reports Rev. David McAllister as asserting that it is a principle of their church that it is a sin to vote, and when asked whether he thought the liberal ele-ment would be sufficiently strong to effect a revision of this feature of the church's principles, Dr. McAllister ridiculed the idea. The National Reform Association is the child of the Reformed Presbyterian Church, the Christian Statesman is the organ of the National Reform Association and its editors are ministers of the Re-formed Presbyterian Church, nevertheless in the issue of June 18 the Christian Statesman publishes on its editorial page without criticism, extracts from an ad-dress by Wm. T. Stead, the first para-graph of which reads The odd doctrine which still lingers in some antiquated quarters that Christians have nothing to do with the affairs of this world, that this world is only to -be regarded as a wilderness through which they have to hurry with their loins girded up, caring nothing for the fate of those on the way-side excepting so far as it concerns the next world, Šall that is a damnable heresy. In the issue of May 28, there is repub-lished from the Boston Journal without unfavorable comment an article by Henry Randall White, President Of the Ameri- can Institute of Civics, in which are the following sentences :--- Others justify their neglect of civic duties -on the ground that because the relatio:as between re-ligion and the State may be. vicious- they should have no relations ; a proposition as logical as the statement that since men in the activities of life are prone to evil they may cultivate virtue by sloth. . There iS grievous wrong in the conditions which separate the men of the sanctuary from the men of the caucus. . . . There is surely need for sober thought as to the remissness of Christians in their-  duties toward the State. The actual strength of the elements which are professedly representative of the highest principles which can be applied to human affairs is clearly shown by comparative statistics. In 1890 there were in the United States not less than 13,480,000 members of the Christian churches, exclusive of Roman Catholics, . . leaving in round numbers 4,331,000 church members who were of voting age. . . . Number of male church members as compared with persons of voting age who exercised the right of suffrage in 1888, more than twenty eight per cent. The number of regular attendants upon church services, not communicants, . . including Roman Catholics, . . .. in the male population which exercised the right of suffrage in 1888, not less than seventy-five per cent. It is plainly evident that if Christian citizens were united and persistently devoted to the work of exemplifying in citizenship the principles of their faith, without the intrusion of ecclesiasticism in affairs of the State, but by individual devo-tion to dutyŠthey could at once exercise a power for the purification of politics which would be simply irresistible. . . Religious men are not to be omitted in taking the census of political sin-ners. . . . There can be no other inference when more than 6,000,000 of adult citizens so regularly listen to the teachings of religion, and so miserably fail in that united and faithful application of these teachings which is alone needed to make them potent in the councils of the Nation. The editors of the Christian Statesman have been the most active factors in the public dismissal and disgrace of worthy and able ministers for publicly express-ing their disagreement with the doctrine of "political dissent," and have put them-selves upon record that in so doing these ministers committed a heinous sin; yet in the paper which they edit they aid and abet in counselling and advising others to vote, and so themselves commit this same heinous sin. W. H. M. They Should Be Protected. THE Evening Wisconsin, a Milwaukee paper, complains of the hostile attitude of the police of that Ł city toward the Salva-tionoArmy, and says :Š The first attitude of the police depart-inent toward the Army was not unfriendly. . . . The report is current that the official hostility toward the Arthy is due to the theological zeal of one or more per-sons high in official authority, and grows out of a belief that the Army's practice- of singing songs on sacred subjects to frivol- ous popular airs is a species of sacrilege. If this report is true it should occasion grave concern among lovers of liberty. - There is no Milwaukee official authorized -by law to exercise in a direct or a remote way the slightest particle of religious cell-sorship over any of his fellow-citizens. If that sort Of thing were to be tolerated: there is no-  knowittg Where: it would end. - Odium theologieum ie bad enough when clipped, of its teeth and claws as it is by 