MARCH1894. AM111ICA N RNPrim-v-(1E4. 93 provides that no sectarian book shall be used in the public schools. The author of the protest admits that it is impossible to give a complete history of those times without referring to the Roman Church, and displays extreme sensitiveness that nothing but what is creditable to the Catholic Church be published Any de-parture from this is looked upon as tread-ing upon forbidden ground, and an in-fringement of rights. A comparison of the difference between countries in which the Roman Church for a long time has had full and undisputed sway, and those where the masses of the people have be-longed to the Protestant persuasion, is particularly objectionable. The state-ments in the book that " the church through popes and councils, had committed itself to the doctrine that the earth is flat and denounced as irreverent and heretical any view differing from this," are branded as " fiat-footed falsehoods." The whole book is characterized as a skillful attempt to prejudice the minds of the young against Catholicism, and, in the words of the protest, " is in reality adapted for a fifth rate Protestant college, or a an anti-popery Sunday school." About six years ago the use of "Swinton's History " was so violently opposed by the Catholic clergy for similar reasons, that its use in the schools was discontinued. E. E. PARLIN. A Christian(?) Lobbyist at Work. THE real spirit of the promoters of the religious amendment is shown by the fact that they are endeavoring to prevent the committee from hearing the objections to the proposed amendment. The methods adopted are worthy of ward politicians, and yet they are unblushingly told in the Christian Reformer of March 3, by H. H. George, who is engineering the iniquitous business. Not having the paper of that date at hand, we borrow from an exchange a synopsis of Mr. George's boastful con-fession. He begins his report of a day's labor with, "Well, I have gotten in some splen-did work to-day." What this preacher calls " splendid " work an ordinary poli-tician would designate wire-pulling, and the world would add that it was wire-pulling of the most unscrupulous sort. He says that he first met Judge Culber-son, chairman of the House Committee on the Judiciary, who said he would do all he could to secure the Reformers a prompt and full meeting of the committee. Then he saw Representative Stone, of Pennsyl-vania, who " is most cordial and hearty, and says he will do everything he can to get the committee together, and will help us in every way he can." Mr. Stone is surprised that some members of the com-mittee are opposed to the amendment; he does "not see how they can be, for it is right." Mr. Wolverton, of Pennsylvania, is seen ; he is "quite as cordial and hearty," " will help all he can," and " vol-unteered to gather the committee." Then Mr. George went over to the other end of the capitol. He saw Judge Pugh, chairman of the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee, and found that gentleman "most cordial." Mr. George asked him if he would appoint his sub-committee for Wednesday. Why, certainly, he would; " glad to accommodate us." Rev. Mr. George continues his charmingly frank narrative. " And after a little very pleas-ant conversation, I said, `Judge, would it  be improper, as I am acquainted with Senator Wilson, of Iowa, to suggest that he be one of the sub-committee ?' " In-stead of telling the clerical lobbyist that such a request was highly improper, and that he could not for a moment think of packing the sub-committee in the interest of any combination, chairman Pugh re-sponded with alacrity, " He shall be so appointed, at your request." We do not believe that Senator Pugh will thank Mr. George for telling the whole country about this little game. The most hardened Tammanyite would blush to make such a confession. Packing a jury is morally and legally a crime, and packing a com-mittee is the same morally, even if it is not legally. Is this a sample of the " purification of politics " that the "reign of Christ over the nation " is to give us ? Mr. George went from Senator Pugh to Senator Wilson, whom he apprised of his assignment to the sub-committee. The Iowa Senator "accepted it kindly; will be very willing to serve, and his heart is right on all such questions." Mr. Elijah Morse, of Massachusetts, was the next friend of the amendment seen, and was found "brimful of interest." He at once called his stenographer, and dictated a letter to each member of the committee, insisting (he is not a member of the com-mittee) that each one should be there on Tuesday morning. He also sent word to Culberson saying that the two hours of that day would be for the friends of the cause; and if there should be opponents present, they might look out for another time. [Does Mr. Morse run all the committees in that way ?ŠEn.] I said: " Would it not be better for us to divide the time with them and meet them ?" "No," he said, " you have the grip on the subject; hold to it, and put in allyour force. If they should get another time, we can per-haps be heard again. You must come that week pre-pared to stay all week." Our contemporary to which we are in-debted for this synopsis of Mr. George's remarkable confession, concludes with this pertinent question : " What do you think of all this, Freethinkers and honest Chris-tians who love religious liberty and be-lieve in fair play in politics ?" Church Taxation and Sunday Cars. Two or three years since a congregation of Baptists in Toronto, Canada, refused to accept exemption from taxation for their church property, and now a move-ment is on foot in that city to tax all such property. The following editorial from one of the Toronto papers states the main facts:Š THE CLERGY AND EXEMPTIONS. Some of the clergymen who took such an active part last summer in preventing half the citizens of Toronto from exercising their personal freedom on Sundays have now made a descent upon the legislature to pro-test against the proposal to rescind the section of the Municipal Act under which churches are exempted from municipal taxation. We can understand a be-nighted individual becoming conscientiously possessed of the idea that it is a sin to use the street cars on Sun-day, for some very queer ideas are begotten of reli-gious enthusiasm. But we fail to conceive how any man professing Christianity can argue in favor of a law that compels the poor man who attends no. church to contribute towards the support of the churches of the wealthy. The Church should be the very fountain of justice. Instead of that we see its priests dishonor-ing their high calling by petitioning -Cesar to make others help to pay the taxes that justly are chargeable to themselves. The Founder of the Church himself would never have dragged his holy cause through the mire like this. In fact, he issued a distinct pro-nouncement to the contrary. "Render unto Caesar the things that are Cusar's and unto God the things that are God's" are own words, and the barefaced way in which the ministers of this city come forward and publicly counsel disobedience to that command tends to cast discredit on their profession. In the case of the Sunday car movement they handi-capped Christianity with inconsistency and inhuman-ity. To-day they are weighing it down with a fur-ther handicap in the shape of injustice, as indefensi-ble as it is petty. It is evident that the Toronto ministers are looking out for their own interests. No Sunday cars means larger congrega-tions and larger collections, while no taxes means more money for the Sunday preach-ers. Has not the prophet Isaiah well described such ministers in these words ? " They are greedy dogs which can never have enough, and they are shepherds that cannot understand: they all look to their own way, every one for his own gain, from his quarter." Now for Purer(?) Politics in Indiana. THE Indianapolis News of March 8, gives an account of a religious movement, designed to influence political parties in the interests of moral reform, that has now reached that place. The movement comes from the young people's societies of the various churches, without regard to de- nomination. These include the Christian Endeavor Society, the Young People's Society, the Epworth League, the Baptist Young People's Union, and the St. An- drew's Brotherhood. These societies, massed together, are called the Christian Alliance. It is stated that a chief object of this alliance is to influence political nominating conventions and that it will endeavor to make itself felt before the time set for the State convention to be held in Indianapolis. Arrangements have been made to have a mass meeting with revival services, to be held for a week just before the political conventions. All the churches in the city will be asked to help support the movement. The Christian Endeavor Society has circulated a paper which is called a roll of honor, and to which it gets all the signers possible. The pledge is as follows:Š Trusting in the Lord Jesus Christ for direction, we promise him that we will never indulge in any intoxi-cants or tobacco, nor use profane or impure language, nor violate the obligations of social purity or the Sab-bath; and when we vote it shall be as we think Christ would have us vote; and we will pray each day for God to help us to keep this pledge, and that the saloon, gambling room, and other places of evil resort shall be banished from the land. It is stated that this pledge and the work is undenominational and that " the Knights of Father Matthew of the Catho-lic Church, and other organizations inter-ested in good citizenship, will meet to-gether and act in unity." The largest hall in the city has been rented and a mass meeting will be held, lasting from April 15 to the 21st, which is just a few days before the Republican convention to be held there. On the Sunday evening that the revival opens, all the churches in the city will be asked' to dispense with their regular services, so that the congre-gations may attend the mass meeting. The News states that "it is probable that the alliance will make some definite ex-pression concerning political conventions, and warning them that they cannot expect the support of the alliance unless certain demands of good citizenship are complied with." There are persons in Indianapolis who cannot give their support to this move-ment, and cannot sign the " roll of honor,' who will very likely be accused of not being " interested in good citizenship " when they do not join in this movement. This movement is much the same as that 