1110iiiiild1111111 111110101111iiiilip 1111111111111111111mitimu dl Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThowas erson. VOLUME 6. NEW YORK, JUNE 11, 1891. NUMBER 24. The American Sentinel. rumtsans WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. McKEE. SPEAKING of the Independent's sympo-sium of preachers on Sunday opening of the Fair at Chicago, the Toledo Blade says : " The question is one that is not to be decided either by church dignitaries or by church members exclusively. A very large part of the people of the United States do not formally affiliate with any church organization, and they have a right to be consulted if everybody's advice is to be taken, or if the consensus of pub-lic opinion is to decide the matter. The fact remains that there will be thousands and tens of thousands of people in Chi-cago every Sunday who would attend the World's Fair if it were open on that day; but if it is not will gravitate to the saloon and worse places of amusement." Ł AlŁ-Ł-Ł A WESTERN religious paper has the fol-lowing sensible note on the International Sunday-school lesson for the 7th inst. :Š " The theocratic government of Israel came to an end with the ending of the old covenant,Šit was really the administra-tion of the old covenant. Since that time the Church of God has been distributed amongst the nations of the earth, having no secular authority. ' My kingdom is not of this world,' says the Master. 'They [his disciples] are not of the world, even as I am not of the world.' The Church may reform itself in its own way, accord-ing to the word of the Lord, which is given for its guidance; but it has not, nor has any of its members, any special prerogative in the matter of interference with the secular governments of the earth,  Nor has the secular government any right to interfere in the matter of purifying the Church. When the professed serv-ants of God in this age assume to dictate to the State by virtue of any pretended theocratic authority, they simply assume the authority of God. When the State assumes to dictate the policy of the Church, it also assumes the authority of God. Both positions are alike presumpt-uous and blasphemous." There Is Mischief in It. WE have received three long letters from three different individuals, in the East, the South, and the WestŠone in this city, one in North Carolina, and one in IowaŠcriticizing our article of three weeks ago on paternalism in government, and especially that part of it which refers to the Farmers' Alliance. We cannot print all three of the letters, nor indeed is it necessary as they all speak the same thing in the main; 'and as we do not wish to seem partial we print none in full, but notice the material points of each and all. Two of the letters we received shortly after the article appeared ; but as one of them thought we had not studied the Alli-ance from the right side, and as the Na-tional Conference of the Alliance was soon to meet in Cincinnati, we thought it well to wait till we could have the official and authoritative statement of just what they propose upon the point to which we re-ferred. The Alliance met and conferred, and established a platform of principles, and upon the point to which we had referred this platform says :Š We demand that legal tender treasury notes be issued'in sufficient volume to transact the business of the country on a cash basis without damage or especial advantage to any class or calling, such notes to be a legal tender in payment of all debts, public and private, and such notes when demanded by the people shall be loaned to them at not more than two per cent. per annum, upon imperishable products, as indicated in the sub-treasury plan, and also upon real estate with proper limitation upon the quantity of land and amount of money. As this is precisely what we said the Alliance proposed to do, certainly it can not be said that we misrepresented the Alliance in the least. Not only can it not be said that we misrepresented the pro-posals of the Alliance; but it cannot be said that we misrepresented in the least the results of the carrying into effect of such proposals. The words which we have here quoted from the platform of the National Alliance, contain all that we said in the article which these three friends propose to criticise. It is not necessary for us to re-state these results, that would be but to reprint that article. We simply ask our friends to turn again to that copy of THE SENTINEL and read it with this quotation from the National Alliance plat-form. The proposal of the Alliance contains all that Rome ever was : and every person who will take but three steps in a process of thinking, and they are but the inevit-able steps following the proposal, must admit that this is so. Let this plan be adopted as the course of governmental action. Then the first and inevitable step following it, will be that the Government will soon become possessed of a large amount of land and " imperishable prod-ucts." Then the second and inevitable step will be that this land will be absorbed by the capitalist, the "imperishable prod-ucts " will be handled by " the bulls " and " bears," and the prices of both the land and the " imperishable products " will be the highest that the speculators can force them up to, carrying in their train yet heavier stress upon the farmer and producer, and greater distress and even pinching want upon the day laborer. Then the third and inevitable step will be a general distribution of the land and the " imperishable products " to the people. This course will be followed round and round a few times, gradually robbing the people of the spirit of self-dependence which alone makes manly men; and as self-dependence vanishes self-government goes, and the people, instead of governing themselves, must be governed by the Gov- 