784 AMERICAN SENTINEL. good advice by his own works. As it was, the French people, generally, were only glad-when he died." "You have done well, Julia. This little king, Louis XV., was taken out of the palace so that the populace could see him. He was then five years old, but the little fellow did not have any near relatives, and so he had to walk out aloneŠthough he was held by two ladies who each took an end of his little sash in their hands, but were not permitted to lead his august kingship! The duke of Orleans acted as regent, and although he was a very bad man he did the kindly act of opening the cachots or miserable places where many innocent people had been kept for years. One man had been confined for thirty five years who was an honest traveler. Very many times it was entirely forgotten why they were im-prisoned at first. It was under the rule of this man that the horrible 'Chamber of Justice' was instituted." "Please tell us about it, professor," said Max Smith. "If a man was unfortunate enough to be rich, if he didn't belong to the court, he was likely to be brought up before this unjust tribunal, and tortured until he would acknowledge some imaginary crime which he never committed and surrender his money. In fact, some peo-ple were so afraid of this Chamber of Justice that the poor fellows killed themselves to avoid it. At last, be cause the country was so reduced for lack of money, the miserable expediency was adopted of debasing coin; that is, of mixing some other metal with the gold and silver, until it was only really worth four-fifths as much as be-fore. Finally, a man named John Law thought he had a nice scheme for making money. So he coaxed the re-gentŠthe duke of OrleansŠto agree that France should issue a great lot of paper money, in hopes that they could send expeditions over here to America and bring back ship loads of gold and silver, which, it was said, were to be found on the shores of the Mississippi." "Well, I guess they felt pretty bad when they failed to find it," smiled practical Jack. "The poor fellows who had gone into the hair-brained enterprise lost all they had and were beggars. But the city of New Orleans was founded at this time, and named aftei the duke." "What became of the man Law?" asked Charley. "He died after a while in beggary, but he honestly thought his scheme was all right, to the very end. "Finally, when the little king was thirteen, he was given the royal reins to manage, and the bad Duke Or- leans died the same year. I suppose Milly will be quite glad to know that young Louis XV. was a very royal looking handsome king, but I dare say she will be sorry to learn that he was utterly selfish and low minded, with no care whatever for his people or their comfort. Nor did he love to study at all. Of course he had his teach-ers, but as he did not try to learn his lessons, they had much trouble with him." "I don't see what they could do; of course they did not dare to whip the king," smiled Jack. "No, Jack, that would never do; but they were de-termined to punish somebody, so his teacher actually hired a poor boy to stand and be whipped whenever the king deserved it himselfŠcertainly a very ingenious de-vise. "At last, when the young king was not much more than sixteen, the duke of Bourbon arranged for him to get married. But when the young princess Maria, who was living in Germany at that time came to Paris, the home of her royal spouse, the roads were in such a fear-ful condition,Špartly caused by the severe rains which fell in France that summer,Šthat she was nearly drowned and had to be rescued many times from her carriage by her attendants." "It doesn't seem possible, hardly!" exclaimed Rob Billings, "the roads were in a very good state when we were there." "0 yes, Robert; but this was a century and a half ago. "Finally, Cardinal Fleury was raised to the head of the affairs of state, and although he was seventy-three years of age at the time, he succeeded in bettering the condition of the country to quite an extent. "Next week.we will learn how he accomplished this." MRS. L. D. AVERY-STIITTLE. Half an, Hour With Grandpa. "WELL, boys, now for our evening story," said grandpa, as books were laid aside and the time for retir-ing was fast approaching. This was their grandfather's usual treat if the boys would have their lessons learned early enough to admit of half an hour spent thus pleas-antly. Harry and Fred were eager to hear what grandpa had for them, for they always enjoyed his quaint stories and the pleasing manner in which he told them. He had on this occasion a small box on his knee, which the boys were very anxious to look into, but this treat-was forbid-den for the present. "Well," said grandpa, "a long while ago there was a great king who ruled what was known as the Babylonian Empire, which really embraced the whole known world at that time. This king had a very long nameŠN e b-u-c-h-a-d-n-e-z-z-a-r." "Well, I should say so," said Harry. "That is worse than Methuselah." "This king made a huge golden image, about 110 feet high, and set it up in the plain which lies between the Tigris and Euphrates rivers, where it might easily be approached from every direction." "What did he make the image for?" said Fred. "This famous king was a worshiper of idols, and he made this great image of gold as an object of worship. He sent all over his kingdom to gather together the great men of his realm, governors, captains, judges, rulers of provinces, etc., and proclaimed that the dedica-tion of the great image should be held upon a certain 