552 AMERICAN SENTINEL. A MOVEMENT which combats Mormonism in the proper and only effective way has been started by Rev. John D. Nutting, in the shape of a "Utah Gospel Mission Movement." It is proposed to have traveling mission-aries to go from place to place, hold meetings and dis-tribute gospel literature among the Mormons. * SENATOR STEWART, of Nevada, says that "Christian nations ought to proscribe France in the interest of civ-ilization;" and that accordingly he will at the coming session of Congress, introduce a resolution withdrawing the United States from participation in the Paris World's Fair. But what would the senator say if France should also "in the interests of civilization," request the United States to withdraw because of its treatment of the negro? * can be removed only by the power of God. It is the business of the pastor and others interested in the sal-vation of mankind, to see that the church stands in the right attitude before the world; that it is giving the message of God to the world, and not some other mes-sage. The fact that workingmen get tired is not one which will account for their refusal of the gospel; for it is the mission of Christ to give rest to the weary, to "undo the heavy burdens," to bring "deliverance to the captives," to set all men free. * * And as the power of God to convert the soul is as great to day as ever, there is no escaping the conclusion that the reason the church congregations are not larger is that there is something the matter with the church. * A WHOLE column in the New York Sun, of the 28th inst., and almost as much space in other dailies of this city, was devoted to a description of the appearance of "the ghost of St. Ann" to an officer of the Supreme Court named Doyle. He saw it at night in a hallway of his home. Ordinarily, appearances of ghosts are dis-missed with a brief mention; but this occasion must be dwelt upon at length because it was the "ghost of St. Ann." * * ŁŁ No, Senator Stewart; France is as much a "Christian nation" as is the United States, or for that matter, any other nation on the earth. "Christian civilization" has been tried and found wanting from the moral stand-point. Governmental "Christianity" has never been anything but a failure. The only Christianity that is real is found in the heart and life of the humble believer on Jesus Christ, whether in civilized America or in the uncultured isles of the Southern seas. * AN Indianapolis pastor, in his anxiety to discover the reason why workingmen don't go to church, dis-guised himself as a day laborer and went to work at a job of unloading railroad iron. He discovered, the report says, that the workingman was too tired after his day's work to attend church in the evening, but did not solve the problem of his absence from church on Sunday. * * * This was an unnecessary trouble on the pastor's part so far as obtaining new light on the question was concerned. There are two general causes which operate to keep people away from church. First, there is often something the matter with the church; and second, Christianity is contrary to human nature. The first cause can be removed by those in the church; the second It was identified as St. Ann by the fact that a piece of the true bone of St. Ann's arm was on exhibition in a nearby church. Why the ghost should appear in a pri-vate house rather than in the church where her "relic" was exposed, is a question that might be asked, but which evidently was not deemed of importance in deter-mining the identity of the ghost. * * * The business of relic-showing depends largely on ad-vertising to make it a success; and in the case of this "bone of St. Ann," it would seem that success ought to be assured. THE pope expressed to Admiral Dewey's chaplain the hope "that the Philippines will again acquire prosperity under the protection of the United States." Why that word "again"? Were the islands prosperous under Spanish domination? So the pope implies. But the Filipinos hope for a very different kind of prosperity. * DIE general testimony of the soldiers who have re-turned from the Philippines, is that the islands are not worth fighting for; and that under the present manage-ment at least, a long and very costly war will be neces-sary to bring them under American domination. And) 