TINE AMERICAN srNfrINEE. 286 served by some of his fellows ? Certainly any one who is free from bigotry and the mediaeval spirit of intolerance, will say that such persecution or prosecution, whichever we might please to call iti  is wrong in every sense of the word. In the matters that are purely civil we have it, as the established American prin-ciple that majorities are to rule. This is the most perfect of all forms of govern-mental doctrine, and under its benign in-fluence our liberty is the boast of our Na-tion. No less important is another of the principles underlying our system of gov-ernment, and that is, that in matters of conscience the right of the minority is to be sacredly guarded, even if that minority should chance to be a single individual. We could not have religious freedom with-out sacredly guarding this principle. The Japanese who pays his devotion to Buddha, the Hindoo, who pours out his petitions before the quadruple-faced image of Brahma, the Chinese paying his adora-tions to Joss, or the Christian who with enlightened understanding devoutly lifts his voice in prayer and praise to the one all-powerful Creator and his Son, Jesus Christ, all these, yea, and even he who disbelieves all religions, stand on an equality before our just laws, and are alike accorded their right to worship or refrain from it as they may choose. The Christian is pained to see his less Ł enlightened neighbor, worshiping at the shrine of an idol which has been fashioned by the hand of man; he feels sorrowful to hear the blasphemous oath or behold the derisive sneer of him who would reject the world's Redeemer. But all he can do ' is to instruct, persuade, entreat. God has so ordained it, and our Government has tried thus far to keep the bigot with his intolerant zeal from invading the sacred precincts of conscience. The case of Mr. King is plainly that of , one whose rights of conscience have been invaded. And if Sunday laws are not in- tended to work hardships to any, why do' not their advocates denounce this persecu-' tion of Mr. King as unjust and tyrannical ?' Why spend all their vocabulary of invec-, tives upon the Czar of Russia, when we have cases of oppression right at home, if not so cruel, at least .quite similar to that .of the Jews in the country of the Russian bear ? Sunday laws are purely religious, no matter what other name we may give them, and their enforcement can do noth-ing else than end in religious persecution. And the silence of the National Reformers, and kindred. Sunday - law associations,; upon a case that has attracted such wide-' spread attention as that of Mr. King, speaks volumes in regard to the hidden purpose of Sunday legislation. IfŁ they do not 'intend that Sunday laws shall oppress any one, but only, to have them operate for the good of man, why don't some of them come out and denounce the  prosecution of Mr. King as cruel and un-just ? The fact that they do not do it, leaves room for many reflections in regard to the real motives of those who are the prime movers in this work of Sunday leg- islation, A. O. TAIT. The Gospel of Force. PAUL. says, " God hath set some in the Church, first apostles,, secondarily proph-ets, thirdly teachers." 1 Cor. 12: 28. In Eph. 4:11-13, he enumerates substantially the same classes, and states for what pur-pose and for how long a time God set them in the Church: " And he gave some, apostles; and some, prophets; and some, evangelists; and some pastors and teach-ers; for the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ: till we all come in the unity of the faith, and the knowledge of the Son of God." But ambitious and unregenerate pro-fessors have been wont to bring another . element, into the gospel plan,Šthat of force. They have sought to set kings, emperors, and rulers in the Church. Even in our own day, and here in republican America, this idea is being advocated and fostered. Men are asking for laws requir-ing all to keep Sunday, and making it obligatory that religion shall be taught in the, public school. With this fact in mind it may be well to ask what the end will be, and look for an answer in the history of the past, as history repeats itself:, Bower thus describes an attempt of the Emperor JUstinian, in the year 532 A. D., to bring all into the unity of the faith :Š While the Arian king was striving, by the most just and eqUitable laws, to elear the Church from all simony. in the West, the Catholic Emperor (Justin- , ian) was employing the most unjust and unchris-tian means of clearing her from all heresies in the . East, that 'of persecution,,  and the most cruel per-secution any Christian emperor had yet set on foot, or countenanced. By an edict which he issued to , unite all men in .one faith, whetherJews, Gentiles, or Christians, sueh as did not, in the term of three months, embrace and profess, the Catholic faith, were declared infamous, and, as such, excluded;  from all employments, both civil and military, ren-dered incapable of leaving anything by will, and their estates confiscated, whether real or personal. These were convincing arguments of the truth of the Catholic faith; but many, however, withstood them ; and against such as did, the imperial edict was executed with the utmost rigor. Great num-berg were driven from their habitations with their wives-and:children, script and naked. Othera be-' took 'themselves to flight, carrying with them what they -could conceal, for their support and niainte-- name; but they were plundered of the little they had, and many of them inhumanly massacred by the Catholic peasants, or the soldiers who guarded the passes.ŠBower's History of Popes, Vol. 1, pages 333, 334. , The gospel seeks to persuade men, by the meekness and gentleness of Christ. National Reforth seeks-to 'drive men by the power Of Civil Government There-fore__  National Reform ,is, opposed to the gospel. Are We a Christian Nation? IN a recent issue a correspondent char= acterizes our country in its present con--dition as " a Christian Nation ruled by infidelity," yet he tells us that this condi-tion,  results from the fact that "Christian-ity " elects the candidates nominated by " the whisky ring of infidelity." Evi-dently, then, we are not quite a " Chris- , tian Nation " yet. Nor ought it to be the purpose of the Prohibition Party to make this a Christian Nation. As individuals we are at liberty to use every proper means to make the whole world Christian, but when we use distinctively political methods for that purpose we make only hypocrites or martyrs. It does the cause of prohibition no more good to bring a railing accusation against infidelity than it does to advertise the hypocrisy of many so-called Christians. Our fight is not against infidelity per se, but against the saloon. It is none of our business how much "infidelity gains ground" apart from its representation in the liquor traffic. We can never make this a Christian Na-tion by legislationŠthat is the work of the Church, not of political partiesŠand we can not advance the cause of prohibi-tion by trying to be conscience for some-body else. Our business is to fight the saloon, not to reform hypocrites, nor to defeat Bob Ingersoll for the presidency.ŠF. W. Howe, in New Era (Prohibtion). ŁŁ  A DENVER minister, Rev. Kerr B. Tup-per, spending his vacation at Long Branch, New Jersey, has been writing some very silly, but by no means original things on.  the Sabbath question to a Denver paper. Referring to this, the Colorado Graphic says :Š Will Mr. Tupper, who is a Hard-shell Baptist, , please tell his fellow-citizens which day of the week is the " Lord's day " Y If the Graphic has not lost its bearings, the Lord rested on the seventh day and blessed it; and the Lord said, " Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work, but, the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God," etc. Mr. Tupper knows that the religious denomination of which he is a member is divided on the SO,  batarian question, and that, the,two factions have been fighting each other bitterly for years years ; and he ought to know that until, he can  agree with his brethren on this, point . . he is not competent to, instruct others as to their duty on the secular Sunday..  What are we personal liberty advocates to think of Dr. Tupper and the people who cling to his theory of the means of salvation ? The Baptist Church is at loggerheads with itself on this .very..: question. The Graphic is right; if Sunday be :a civil, a. secular day, the, preachers have no right to dictate to the people how they shall spend it; if it .be a religious day, the State has no 'right to meddle with it In any manner. WE can not organize political parties,  with respect to churches in the land: Judge.  Zane. 