AMERICAN SENTINEL. 305 that a righteous God approves it? Can you not see, upon a candid examination of them, that the Sunday laws bear the stamp of the humanŠthat there is stamped on them the inconsistency and injustice of fallen human nature, instead of the righteousness of the all-wise God? The Sabbath law of GodŠthe fourth precept of the DecalogueŠbears the stamp of the wisdom and justice of the infinite mind. Could there possibly be a better Sab-bath law than that,Šone better adapted to the condi-tions of human life? Ought not this law to be enforced in preference to any other that can be passed? And is not this Sabbath law actually in force to-day? Has not the Creator power to enforce his own law? and,can any but divine power enforce a divine law? Where the wisdom of God is, where is there room for the wisdom of man? Where the power of God is, where is there room for the power of man? Where the Sabbath of God is, where is there room for the sabbath of man? And the Sabbath of the Lord is everywhere, even as far as the jurisdiction of his law extends. True Christianity Forsaken. So CALLED good citizenship organizations and move-ments are increasing in number, and professed Christians and prominent clergymen are the most prominent in this work. For instance, Philadelphia has an"American Citizenship Alliance" which is providing lectures "in the various churches throughout the city." The leading ob-jects of this Citizenship Alliance are:Š "1. To unite all religious and moral forces for the suppression of wrong and for building symmetrically our national life. "2. To inaugurate a system and to utilize existing forces for the promotion of this work. "3. To encourage intelligent observance of our na-tional holidays. "4. To cooperate in all social, industrial, and civic improvements with other associations." In Boston also lately a "Good Citizenship Society" was formed, and noon meetings are held in Tremont Temple to promote the interests of this society whose object is "the better organization of the world;" and one of the leading speakers is also a leading clergyman of New England. Now suppose that all of these professed Christians and professed ministers of the gospel should be com-pletely successful in their work for the building up of `our national life" and thorough "observance of our national holidays," and advance, to their ideal, "all social, industrial, and civic improvements," and thus secure' their objectŠ"the better organization of the world"Šwhat have they then accomplished in the ful-fillment of their own proper mission to the world under the profession which they make of Christianity? Christianity is to call people from this world to the world to come. To be a Christian is to be separated completely from this world, to be chosen out of the world unto God. Christians belong to the other world. To accomplish this, and this alone, is the sole object of Christianity in this world. For this object alone Christ came into the world, insisting while he was here, "I am not of the world," "My kingdom is not of this world." For this purpose he commissioned the ministers of this gospel to go into the world and preach this gospel to every creature. For this purpose to his disciples, he says, "As my Father sent me even so send I you," and of all his, it is written: "As he is so are we in this world;" and "Ye are not of the world even as I am not of the world;" "Ye are not of the world because I have chosen you out of the world." His Word declares that this world is "the enemy of God," and that "whosoever therefore will be the friend of the world is the enemy of God." Such alone is the object and work of true Chris-tianity in this world. Now, in view of all this, when professed Christians and professed ministers of the gospel, leaving out the other world, turn their attention to this world, to the better organization of it, the building up of national life, the promotion of earthly citizenship, even though they were to attain in this their highest ideal, what would they have accomplished? None of this, nor all of it together, prepares men for the other world. And while they are thus putting forth their endeavors in the interests altogether of this world, thousands of people are perishing all around them, simply because of their not having received the message which these people pro-fess to bear: calling people from this world to the other world. It is perfectly plain, therefore, that nothing can show more plainly than these movements do, that all of these professed Christians and professed Christian ministers, have lost all their connection with the other world, with the message from the other world, which they profess to bear to this one; and are becoming in their aims, inter-ests, and efforts, altogether of this world. And while these people professing to bear a message from the other world to this one, instead of delivering that message in its sincerity and in its power, forsake it and turn all their attention to this world, and to the things of this world, and to men's interests only as they are in this world, what are men to do for the message which God sends from the other world, which Christ Jesus came to bring, and which poured out his life to make sure to the people of this world? This is not to say that the message of the gospel and the lives of true Christians in the world, will not benefit this world. This will supremely benefit this world if only Christianity is maintained in its true integrity and in strict loyalty to the other world. But when that is forsaken, or when it is neglected, or when an attempt is made to use it for the benefit of this world, every such 