AUGUST 30, 1894. S=N-T. 269 arises that you must maintain that he was ignorant of the fact. Now, I ask whoever has a head to think, and a mind to reflect, are those two suppositions possible ? To return. I say, while the apostles lived, the Church never thought that there could be a pope; to maintain the contrary, all the sacred writings must have been thrown to the flames, or en-tirely ignored. (To be continued.) Opening Political Assemblages With Prayer. IT has long been customary in this country to open political assemblages, con-ventions, etc., by prayer, At the national capital a chaplain is employed and paid from the public funds for this purpose, while in the State legislatures it is a sort of compliment passed around among the various sects, each prayer costing the tax-payers $5; at least this is true in some States. Many cases where remarkable political prayers have been offered are on record, and the writer not long since saw a collection of them covering several col-umns of a newspaper. There is on record the fact that forty years ago, at the first sitting of the Iowa legislature at Des Moines, a certain min-ister,Mr. Shinn, by name, who, with his family,   was just removing to this State in a covered wagon, happened that morning to be in the city, and was asked by a friend, who was a member of the legisla- ture, to come up and offer prayer. This he consented, somewhat reluctantly, how-ever, to do, and then asked if there was anything special that it was desired that he should pray for. The reply was that the only consideration was that the prayer be brief ; whereupon he opened the session with a prayer containing just thirty-four words. Its pointedness and brevity was so marked that it was immediately voted that the elder be allowed $10 for that prayer; but which he refused to accept at the time, and now, after all these years, it has been suggested that a warrant be issued to him for the amount with all the accrued interest, seeing that he is greatly advanced in years and in limited circum-stances. In 1872, one, Rev. Mr. Wilson,then a pas-tor of the Wesley Chapel in this city, opened the Republican State Convention with a prayer that secured for him some noto-riety, in which he prayed for 40,000 ma-jority, and added, Yea, Lord, if it please thee, make it 80,000." For a moment the audience was stunned at the words, but finally broke out in the wildest applause. These and other prayers of like character are called to mind by the remarkable prayer that was made at the opening of the Republican State Convention just held in this city, by Rev. Mr. Weaver, a Chris-tian minister and pastor of one of the churches of that denomination here, which was as follows :- 0 Lord, we believe that it is fitting that this meeting should be opened with prayer, for we meet here to-day to name the men who shall be our standard bearers to lead us to victory. But as we meet here in joy and gladness there comes a shadow of sorrow over our thoughts when we remember that the great Democratic party, which has so aimlessly held on for so many years with such bull-dog tenacity, is about to retire into innocuous desuetude, to appear upon the stage of our country no more forever, and when we stand by its open grave and hear the clods fall upon its coffin lid, may we throw the mantle of charity over its faults and remember it only by the good it has done, if, per-chance, it has done good enough to elicit our memory. 0 Lord, give us wisdom for the guidance of our  deliberations to-day, and grant victory to the cause. Amen. At the point where he referred to the "bull-dog tenacity" of the incumbent political party, there was an outburst of applause, which the chairman sought to quell with his gavel, but without effect, and when the "amen" was said, the vast audience of three thousand people engaged in a storm of applause that was deafening. The press, generally, have commented on it, some pro, and some con, some declar-ing that it was the " hit " of the conven-tion, a " corker," and such like expres-sions, while others denounce it as little less than blasphemy. The question arises, is this prayer not more of a mockery than otherwise ? and are not such prayers as these fair samples of what State chaplaincy is liable to de-generate into ? Is it not unchristian and un-American, and should the practice not be abolished ? W. E. CORNELL. Des Moines, Ia. Reflections on the Results of the Ref-ormation, by Ouzot. RIDPATH, in his " Cyclopedia of Uni-versal History," Vol. 2, page 617, says No better summary has ever been presented of the whole situation than that given by the candid and sober-minded Guzot:Š " What," says he, " are the reproaches constantly applied to the Reformation by its enemies ? Which of its results are thrown in its face as it were as un-answerable ? The two principal reproaches are, first, the multi-plicity of sects, the excessive license of thought, the destruction of all spiritual authority, and the entire dissolution of religious society ; secondly, tyranny and persecution. " You provoked licentiousness," it has been said, to the ReformersŠ" you produced it; and after having been the cause of it you wish to restrain and repress it. And how do you repress it ? By the most harsh and violent means. You take upon your-selveS, too, to punish heresy, and that by virtue of an illegitimate authority," If we take a review of all the principal charges which have been made against the Reformation, we shall find, if we set aside all questions purely doc-trinal, that the above are the two fundamental re-proaches to which they may all be reduced. These charges gave great embarrassment to the Reform party. When they were taxed with the mul-tiplicity of their sects, instead of advocating  the free-dom of religious opinion, and maintaining  the right of every sect to entire toleration, they denounced sec-tarianism, lamented it, and endeavored to find an excuse for its existence. Were they accused of perse-cution? They were troubled to defend themselves; they used the plea of necessity; they had, they said, the right to repress and punish error, because they were in possession of the truth. Their articles of belief, they contended, and their institutions were the only legitimate ones; and if the Church of Rome had not the right to punish the Reform Party, it was because she was in the wrong  and they in the right. And when the charge of persecution was applied to the ruling party in the Reformation, not by its enemies, but by its own offspring; when the sects denounced by that party said, "e are doing just what you did; we separate ourselves from you just as you separated yourselves from the Church of Rome," this ruling party were still more at a loss to find an answer, and frequently the only answer they had to give was an increase of severity. The truth is, that while laboring for the destruc-tion of absolute power in the spiritual order, the reli-gious revolution of the sixteenth century was not aware of the true principles of intellectual liberty. It emancipated the.human mind, and yet pretended still to govern it by laws. In point of fact, it pro duced the prevalence of free inquiry ; in point of principle, it believed it was substituting a legitimate for an illegitimate power. It had not looked up to the primary motive, nor down to the ultimate conse-quence of its own work. It thus fell into a double error. On the one side it did not know or respect all the rights of human thought; at the very moment it was demanding these rights for itself, it was violating them toward others. On the other side, it was unable to estimate the rights of authority in matters of reason. I do not speak of coercive authority which ought to have no rights at all in such matters, but of that kind of authority which is purely moral and acts solely by its influence upon the mind. In most re- formed countries something is wanting to complete the proper organization of intellectual society, and to the regular action of old and regular opinions. What is due to and required by traditional belief has not been reconciled with what is due to and required by freedom of thinking; and the cause of this, undoubt-edly is, that the Reformation did not fully comprehend and accept its own principles and results. If our National Reformers of the nine-teenth century would turn away their eyes from their schemes for coercing others into their ways they might be made to see that they, too, have failed to comprehend the true principles of the Reformation and their results. They might see that while they demand full and perfect free-dom of religious action for themselves, they deny such freedom to others. They might see that they like their half-re-formed predecessors have failed to appre-ciate the true principles of intellect-ual and religious liberty, and then they would begin to know that they had not yet looked up to the primary motive, nor down to the ultimate consequences of their own work. If the logic of history will not convince them, what will ? G. D. BALLOU. Gainesville, Ga. The Popular Idea of Religious Liberty. ON July 18, last, the International Religious Liberty Association sent a state-ment from the Chicago Herald of July 14, in regard to the Capps case in Tennessee, to several thousand newspapers in the United States and Canada. A large number of these papers published the facts in the case. Many of these notices were accompanied by editorial references to the principles involved. A considera-tion of the various positions taken upon the question of religious liberty as involved in this case is deeply interesting, being illustrative to some extent of the popular idea of religious liberty. The Republican, of Springfield, Mass., after giving the details of the conviction of Mr. Capps, dismisses the subject with the truthful remark that "apparently the case is one of religious persecution and disgraces Tennessee." The Sentinel, of L'Anse, Mich., refers to the case as a striking commentary on modern civilization, and asks the question, " Is this a land of religious liberty ?" and immediately proceeds to answer it by say-ing, "It would seem that it makes a heap of difference to what church one belongs, whether he is to enjoy religious liberty or not." The Democrat, Caro, Mich., becomes facetious over the matter, and adds: "If the law were not ex post facto we should expect to hear of the Deity being ar-raigned before the Tennessee courts." As ridiculous as this seems, another paper, the Evening Press, of Ogden, Utah, in all seriousness, proceeds to do this very thing and places a Rev. Mr. Gifford upon the stand 'in proof of the charge that Christ himself was a chronic Sabbath-breaker. This paper, however, gives evidence of a considerable degree of insight into the situation by pointing out that the law of Tennessee, under which Mr. Capps was convicted, is in direct conflict with the letter and the spirit of the Constitution of the United States and of the Declaration of Independence, which prohibits inter-ference with the rights of conscience, and stating that American law does not at-tempt to prescribe how the American citi-zen, or an alien, shall employ his time. Each, so long as their action does not 