OCTOBER 11, 1894. A.1V1EMEitICA_N SIENTr 315 cemetery from heresy. We have com-pared several accounts of this transaction, 41,nd are in a state of surprise as to why the grave did not have to be roofed with brick." The Observer repeats the story and re-marks : " Such is the mummery to which the Church of Rome holds in the year 1894, and in the United States of America. There is still some protesting for faithful Pro-test-ants to do." The Observer is quite right; and it is also well to remember that "Rome never changes," and that it is to faith in such nonsense that Leo XIII. invites the " princes and peoples of the universe." It should likewise be borne in mind that though Rome has not changed, there are those who are called " Protes-tants " who exclaim, " God bless the Cath-olic Church of to-day !" Alexander Campbell vs. Sunday Laws. IN 1820 there was organized in West Middletown, Washington Co., Pa., a so-ciety, called the West Middletown Moral Society. The principal object of the so-ciety was to enforce the Pennsylvania Sunday law of 1794, which is still on the statute books, of the State, and reads as follows :Š SECTION 8. If any person shall do or perform any worldly employment or business whatsoever on the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday (works of neces-sity and charity only excepted), shall use or practice any unlawful game, hunting, shooting, sport, or di-version whatsoever on the same day, and be convicted thereof, every such person so offending shall, for every such offense, forfeit and pay four dollars, to be levied by distress; or in case he or she shall refuse or neglect to pay the said sum, or goods and chattels cannot be found, whereof to levy the same by distress, he or she shall suffer six days' imprisonment in the house of correction of the proper county; Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be con-strued to prohibit the dressing of victuals in private families, bake-houses, lodging-houses, inns, and other houses of entertainment for the use of sojourners, travelers, or strangers, or to hinder watermen from landing their passengers, or ferrymen from carrying over the water travelers, or persons removing with their families on the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday, nor to the delivery of milk or of the neces-saries of life, before nine of the clock in the forenoon, nor after five of the clock in the afternoon of the same day. This Moral Society was organized by the United Presbyterians, the same people who, later in 1863, organized the National Reform Association. Alexander Camp-bell, the founder of the Christian or Dis-ciple Church, ably opposed the society in. a series of articles published in the Reporter, of Washington, county seat of Washington Co., Pa. is articles were signed " Candidus." A United Presbyte-rian minister, by the name of Wylie, at-tempted to defend the society, and signed himself " Timothy. " The discussion continued from April 17, 1820, the date of Mr. Campbell's first article, to February 22, 1822, during which time almost every phase of the compulsory Sunday law ques-tion was treated. As a result the Moral Society perished, and, according to Rich-ardson's Memoirs of Alexander Campbell, Mr. Wylie was converted to the principles of religious liberty advocated by M. Campbell. We begin with this issue the publication of extracts from Mr. Campbell's articles, which will convince the reader that the founder of the Disciple Church was un-compromisingly opposed to all Sunday laws. SUNDAY LAWS UNEVANGELICAL. " The whole of the precepts or com- mands of the Christian religion are con-tained in the New Testament. " But there is no precept or command in the New Testament to compel, by civil law, any man who is not a Christian, to pay any regard to the Lord's day more than auy other. " Therefore, to compel a man who is not a Christian to pay any regard to the Lord's day more than any other day is without authority in the Christian religion." " The gospel commands no duty that can be performed without faith in the Son of God. ' Whatsoever is not of faith is sin.' " But to command men destitute of faith, to observe any Christian institution, such as the Lord's day, is commanding duty to be performed without faith in the Son of God. " Therefore, to compel unbelievers, or natural men, to observe, in any sense, the Lord's day, is anti-evangelical, or con-trary to the gospel."' SUNDAY LAWS UNCONSTITUTIONAL. " I now proceed to show that these com-binations, and the laws under which they act, are unconstitutional in our good and free State of Pennsylvania. That this proposition may be fully established and illustrated, I shall refer you to the supreme law of Pennsylvania. The text to which I allude is the third and twenty-sixth sec-tions of the ninth article of the constitu- tion of the commonwealth of Pennsylva-nia, which is indeed the spirit of the Con- stitution of the United States. The pre-amble to the ninth article reads thus :Š That the general, great, and essential principles of liberty and free government may be recognized and unalterably established. . . . We declare (Section Third) that all men have a natural and undefeasible right to worship Almighty God according to the dic-tates of their own consciences; and no man can of right be compelled to attend, erect, or support, any place of worship, or to maintain any ministry against his consent; that no human authority can in any case whatever control or interfere with the rights of consciences and that no preference shall ever be given by law to any religious establishments or modes of worship. SECTION 26. To guard against transgressions of the high powers which we have delegated, we declare that everything in this article is expected out of the gen-eral powers of government, and shall forever remain inviolate. " Let this most salutiferous doctrine be applied to the combinations alluded to, and for the sake of illustration, to one of the subjects of their persecution, viz. : Sabbath-breakers. A Sabbath-breaker in the eyes of this association, and in the eyes of the anti-constitutional law under which, they say, they act, is, a man who does not pay a certain degree of religious respect to the day called the Sabbath. " In the first place, then, let it be ob-served that the observance of any day in a religious manner is exclusively a right of conscience; and as such the non-ob-servance of it can not be constitutionally censured and punished by civil law in any shape or form whatsoever. Conscientious regard to any practice in religion is the only regard commendable in the sight of Him to whom religious homage is due. To regard any day in a religious point of view, in any other, than in a conscientious manner, is not to regard it. This being incontrovertibly evident, it is obvious that any compulsory observance is non-observ-ance, and to control a man in that which is undeniably the right of conscience only, is to destroy liberty of conscience and to 1  The Reporter, Washington, Pa.. Sept. 24, 1821. violate the only guarantee and charter of our freedom and liberty,Šthe Constitution of our country. "The encroachments that have usually been made upon the liberties of any people were, in the first instance, trifling and at long intervals. The specious pretext under which they have been attempted were the interests of religion or the public good. In so far this infringement of the excellent constitution of Pennsylvania has been analogous to the first inroads made upon the liberties of those once renowned nations that are now slaVes of kings and priests. SABBATARIANS CANNOT OBEY SUNDAY LAWS. " Again, let it be remembered that there are many valuable citizens who are en- titled to all the privileges of citizens, who cannot conscientiously regard the first day of the week, or Lord's day, as the Sabbath of the Jews. The Jews themselves cannot. There are some of them now in Pennsyl-vania, and the prospect of more. The Jews sanctify our Saturday, their own Sabbath, and cannot conscientiously ob-serve the first day as the seventh. The Seventh-day Baptists, or Sabbatarians, of whom there are a good many in the United States, observe the seventh, but cannot conscientiously regard the first called the Christian Sabbath, as some people think they ought. SUNDAY LAWS PROSCRIBE SABBATARAINS. " Again, the followers of the great William Penn, who founded and once possessed the great State of Pennsylvania, who wished it ever to remain an asylum to the society of the Friends and others, from the withering and destructive breath of persecution; I say, this society regard every day alike. They must be compelled to pay a mock regard to it, or pay the for-feit to these persecuting associations called moral. With what justice may they com-plain that their sect is proscribed and an-other established by civil law. Yes, the Jews, the Sabbatarians, and the Friends are all proscribed. Yet, the constitution says `that no human authority [not even the West Middletown Association] can in any case 'whatever control or interfere with the rights-of conscience, and that no pref-erence shall ever be given by law to any religious establishments or modes of wor-ship.' " Yet if any of the above sects should conscientiously observe the seventh day or any other, and conscientiously drive their wagon on the Sabbath of the major-ity, they must appease the strong party with four dollars ! 0 Pennsylvania, where is the shade of thy founder? Where the spirit of thy great William Penn ? From what has been said it is incontrovertibly'  obvious that these moral associations are unconstitutional." ŠThe Reporter, Aug. 21, 1820. Political Prayers. A CERTAIN Rev. Mr. Weaver opened the Republican Convention in Iowa with prayer, which was received with thunders of applause. The gem of the invocation was a request " that the Lord would hasten the day when the infamous Dem-ocratic party should be exterminated from the earth [cheers] ; that it should +never be heard of again forever. [Loud cheers.] It had never accomplished anything but 