DECEMBER 13, 1894. A.MEIMENICA.NT 387 law of God, but only the traditions of the church:Š There are some points of great difficulty respecting the fourth commandment. . . . In the first place we are commanded to keep holy the seventh day; but yet we do not think it necessary to keep the seventh day holy; for the seventh day is Saturday. It may be said that we keep the first day instead; but surely this is not the same thing; the first day cannot be the seventh day ; and where are we told in Scripture that we are to keep the first day at all? We are commanded to keep the seventh; but we are nowhere commanded to keep the first day. There is another difficulty on this subject: We Christians, in considering each of the ten commandments, turn to What our Lord says in explanation of them; for in the sermon on the mount he says, that " not one jot or tittle " of the law shall fail ; that he has come "not to destroy but to fulfill" the law: and then he shoivs in the instance of the sixth, seventh, and third com-mandments, how he will require them to be fulfilled by Christians, not in the letter only, but in the spirit, the heart, and thought. . . . The reason why we keep the first day of the week holy instead of the seventh is for the same reason that we observe many other things, not because the Bible, but because the church, has enjoined it.* And now we counsel Mr. Beer to read the fourth commandment and his church catechism before he writes another letter threatening to have men fined and im-prisoned for breaking the law of God by working on Sunday. Ł Spiritualism. THERE are few who have any just con-ception of the deceptive power of Spirit-ualism and the danger of coming under its influence. Many tamper with it merely to gratify their curiosity. They have no real faith in it, and would be filled with horror at the thought of yielding themselves to the spirits' control. But they venture upon the forbidden ground, and the mighty destroyer exercises his power upon them against their will. Let them once be induced to submit their minds to his direction, and he holds them captive. It is impossible, in their own strength, to break away from the bewitch-ing, alluring spell. Nothing but the power of God, granted in answer to the earnest prayer of faith, can deliver these ensnared souls. All who indulge sinful traits of charac-ter, or willfully cherish a known sin, are inviting the temptations of Satan. They separate themselves from God and from the watchcare of his angels; as the evil one presents his deceptions, they are with-out defense, and fall an easy prey. Those who thus place themselves in his power, little realize where their course will end. Having achieved their overthrow, the tempter will employ them as his agents to lure others to ruin. Says the prophet Isaiah: " When they shall say unto you, Seek unto them that have familiar spirits, and unto wizards that peep, and that mutter: should not a people seek unto their God ? for the living to the dead ? To the law and to the testi-mony. If they speak not according to this word, it is because there is no light in them." If men had been willing to re-ceive the truth so plainly stated in the Scriptures, concerning the nature of man and the state of the dead, they would see in the claims and manifestations of Spirit-ualism the working of Satan with power and signs and lying wonders. But rather than yield the liberty so agreeable to the carnal heart, and renounce the sins which * "Plain Sermons on the Catechism," vol. i, pp. 334-336: by Rev. Isaac Williams, B. D., Late Fellow of Trinity College, Ox— ford; Lono.mans, Green & Co., 15 E. 16th St., N. Y., and 39 Pa, ternoster Row, London, E. C.; also James Pott and Co., N. Y.  isa. 8: 19, 20. they love, multitudes close their eyes to the light, and walk straight on, regardless of warnings, while Satan weaves his snares about them, and they become his prey. " Because they . received not the love of the truth, that they might be saved," therefore " God shall send them strong delusion, that they should believe a lie."'  Those who oppose the teachings of Spir-itualism are assailing, not naen alone, but Satan and his angels. They have entered upon a contest against principalities and powers and wicked spirits in high places. Satan will not yield one inch of ground except as he is driven back by the power of heavenly messengers. The people of God should be able to meet him, as did our Saviour, with the words, " It is written." Satan can quote Scripture now as in the days of Christ, and he will per-vert its teachings to sustain his delusions. Those who would stand in this time of peril must understand for themselves the testimony of the Scriptures. Many will be confronted by the spirits of devils personating beloved relatives or friends, and declaring the most dangerous heresies. These visitants will appeal to our tenderest sympathies, and will work miracles to sustain their pretensions. We must be prepared to withstand them with the Bible truth that the dead know not anything, and that they who thus appear are the spirits of devils. Just before us is the " hour of tempta-tion, which shall come upon all the world, to try them that dwell upon the earth." All whose faith is not firmly established upon the Word of God will be deceived and overcome. Satan " works with all deceivableness of unrighteousness " to gain control of the children of men; and his deceptions will continually increase. But he can gain his object only as men voluntarily yield to his temptations. Those who are earnestly seeking a knowl-edge of the truth, and are striving to purify their souls through obedienco, thus doing what they can to prepare for the conflict, will find, in the God of truth, a sure defense. " Because thou has kept the word of my patience, I also will keep thee," is the Saviour's promise. He would sooner send every angel out of heaven to protect his people, than leave one soul that trusts in him to be overcome by Satan. The prophet Isaiah brings to view the fearful deception which will come upon the wicked, causing them to count them-selves secure from the judgments of God: " We have made a covenant with death, and with hell are we at agreement; when the overflowing scourge shall pass through, it shall not come unto us; for we have made lies our refuge, and under falsehood have we hid ourselves." In the class here described are included those who in their stubborn impenitence comfort them-selves with the assurance that there is to be no punishment for the sinner; that all mankind, it matters not how corrupt, are to be exalted to heaven, to become as the angels of God. But still more emphatic- . ally are those making a covenant with death and an agreement with hell, who renounce the truths which heaven has provided as a defense for the righteous in the day of trouble, and accept the refuge of lies offered by Satan in its stead,Šthe delusive pretensions of Spiritualism. Marvelous beyond expression is the blindness of the people of this generation. 2  2 Thess. 2: 10, 11. Re 3: 10. 4  Isa. 28:15. Thousands reject the Word of God as un-worthy of belief, and with eager confi-dence receive the deceptions of Satan. Skeptics and scoffers denounce the bigotry of those who contend for the faith of prophets and apostles, and they divert themselves by holding up to ridilule the solemn declarations of the Scriptures con-cerning Christ and the plan of salvation, and the retribution to be visited upon the rejecters of the truth. They affect great pity for minds so narrow, weak, and su-perstitious as to acknowledge the claims of God, and obey the requirements of his law. They manifest as much assurance as if, indeed, they had made a covenant with death and an agreement with hell,Šas if they had erected an impassible, im-penetrable barrier between themselves and the vengeance of God. Nothing can arouse their fears. So fully have they yielded to the tempter, so closely are they united with him, and so thoroughly im-bued with his spirit, that they have no power and no inclination to break away from his snare. Satan has long been preparing for his final effort to deceive the world. The foundation of his work was laid by the assurance given to Eve in Eden, " Ye shall not surely die." "In the day ye eat thereof, then your eyes shall be opened, and ye shall be as gods, knowing good and evil." Little by little he has prepared the way for his master-piece of deception in the development of Spiritualism. He has not yet reached the full accomplish-ment of his designs; but it will be reached in the last remnant of time. Says the prophet : " I saw three unclean spirits like frogs; . . . they are the spirits of devils, working miracles, which go forth unto the kings of the earth and of the whole world, to gather them to the battle of that great day of God Almighty." Except those who are kept by the power of God, through faith in his Word, the whole world will be swept into the ranks of this delusion. The people are fast be-ing lulled to a fatal security, to be awak-ened only by the outpouring of the wrath of God. Saith the Lord God : " Judgment also will I lay to the line, and righteousness to the plummet; and the hail shall sweep away the refuge of lies, and the waters shall overflow the hiding-place. And your covenant with death shall be .disannulled, and your agreement with hell shall not stand; when the overflowing scourge shall pass through, then ye shall be trodden down by it." 'ŠGreat Controversy, pp. 558-562. Ł .1 Opposed to Persecution. A CIRCULAR comes to our desk calling attention to the fact that in Maryland, Arkansas, and Michigan persons are being persecuted for keeping the seventh day of the week and working on Sunday. At-tention is also called to the fact that three persons are already in jail now for the offense of going about their ordinary business on Sunday. America is sinking to religious persecution rather early in her career as a nation. The principle for which our fathers diedŠthe freedom of conscience in religious mattersŠis being forgotten. The simple gospel taught and lived by Jesus is the only safe guide in,  this matter. No person has any right to' Gen. 3: 4. 5. Rev. 16: 13, 14. 7  Isa. 28: 17, 18. 