132 THE AM-RRICAN Not to rest upon these disputed passages, the lit-erature of the early church recognizes the Deca-logueŠthe fourth commandment and allŠas in full force, while condemning Saturday observance, and applies to the Lord's day its rules of worship and rest, and in some cases gives to the Lord's day, the very name " Sabbath." If the editor of the Statesman and au-thor of the " Sabbath for Man " had thought he had proved his point by the texts referred to he would have been will-ing to have rested his case there; but, con-scious of his inability to maintain the claim upon scriptural grounds, he thought best " not to rest upon these disputed pas-sages," but go rather, not to some other passages of Scripture, but to " the liter-ature of the early church." In this he abandoned the Scriptures as being insuffi-cient to prove the Sabbatical name and character which he ascribes to the first day of the week. A man does not usually abandon disputed passages if he thinks he has the strong side of the argument in the dispute. Dwight's Theology; Vol. IV, page 401, flatly contradicts all the editor of the Statesman attempts to prove from the Scriptures and the apostolic Church. Dwight says :Š The Christian Sabbath [Sunday] is not in the Scripture, and was not by the primitive Church called the Sabbath. How then, we ask again, did Sunday get the contested seat ? The editor of the Statesman, in the proof sheets printed in the issue of his paper last referred to, has answered this himself. He says :Š Augustine (fifth century) writes : "The holy doctors of the church enjoined that all the glory of the Jewish Sabbath should be transferred to the Lord's day." And Alcuin at the close of the eighth century (796 A. D.), no doubt sums up the thought of the church when he says : " The observance of the former Sabbath has been transferred very fitly to the Lord's day by the custom and consent of the Christian people."  This is plain enough. The "holy doc-tors of the church," "by the custom and consent of the Christian people,"   made the transfer, and put Sunday in the seat of the Sabbath of the Lord. In this way, and not by any command of God, Christ, or the apostles, was the change made, and Sunday given its seat. W. A. COLCORD. That Hearing Again. AT the recent hearing before the House Committee on the World's Columbian Exposition, on the question of Sunday closing, one gentleman, Dr. Pitzer ,in-formed the Committee that the question was not in any sense religious. Every other speaker in favor of Sunday closing, made it a religious question. The reli-gious beliefs and prejudices of the Com-mittee were appealed to, and they were ex-horted to do their religious duty in the matter in view of both present honors and future rewards. Who were these gentlemen who spoke in, favor of Sunday closing ? With one exception they were ministers. Who did they represent in that hearing ? They boldly said that they represented the Methodist Episcopal Conference, and cer-tain presbyteries of Pennsylvania, and the American Sabbath Union, which they said represented the combined Christian senti-ment of the, country. If the question were purely civil, having no religious bearings, why were these gentlemen so intensely interested in it ? Supposing the proposition had been to close the World's Fair on Wednesdays,  and open it on Sundays. The civil basis of the question, if it has one, would be unchanged. No one will deny that the seventy thousand employes of the Fair, could rest as well physically on Wednes-day, as on Sunday; and the opening of the Fair on Sunday, would accommodate many that the opening of it on Wednes-day would not. What, would be the dif-ference ? Every one of these reverend gentlemen instead of being at Washing-ton in support of the measure, would be there to emphatically oppose it. What magic works this change ? Simply this : " They do not believe that Wednesday is a sacred day that should be kept holy. They do believe this of Sunday, and they are working in this to get a national rec-ognition of their religious belief on this point. And yet, these gentlemen say that it is not a religious question, and as Shakespeare says, " Brutus is an honorable man," "these are all honorable men." The question of the closing or the open-ing of the World's Fair, on Sunday, when considered by itself, is comparatively a small question. There have been other expositions before this, some of them closed, and some of them open on Sunday, and yet the world revolves, and the plane-tary systems are not shattered or seriously disarranged. It is only when this ques-tion is considered in connection with all the religious politicians intend to accom-plish by it, that it is seen to be of colossal importance. The very Constitutions of the various organizations that these gentlemen repre-sented in that hearing, are pledges of the fact that they intend this national recog-nition of Sunday sacredness as preced-ent to national Sunday laws, and that they intend these as a precedent for put-ting " all religious laws and usages on an undeniable legal basis in the fundamental law of the land." One of the speakers, Rev. H. H. George, plainly told a few days before in a public speech in Wash-ington, just what they do intend to ac-complish. In speaking of the closing of the World's Fair on Sunday, and of other Sunday laws to follow, he said : " We will soon have these laws, and then the people who are now opposing them, and oppos-ing our Sunday, will be invited to leave this country, bag and baggage, and go to a country of a continental Sunday, or of no Sunday at all, and stay there till they die, and be buried there, and then go where they belong!" And yet these gentlemen say this is not a question in any way threatening religious liberty, and " these are all honorable gentlemen." By the edict of Milan, A. D., 313, for the first time in the history of the world, full and free liberty was given to all reli-gious beliefs. During the next two hun-dred years, a religious despotism was built up which cursed the world, and held the human mind bound by fetters of fear, for more than a thousand years. How did it all come about ? The whole monstrous system was built upon little precedents, not one of which, considered alone, was of more importance than this question of the closing of the World's Fair on Sunday, by Congress. In fact, the -very first step in the direc-tion of this despotism, was the securing and enforcing of Sunday laws. After giving an account of three different Sun-day laws, each following the other, and each a little more strict than the preced-ing one, Neander says, "In this way the Chwrch received help from the State for the  furtherance of her ends." This is Nean-der's account of the beginnings in the fourth century of the union of Church and State. More remarkable still, one of these laws was for the purpose of closing the circus on Sunday. The reasons given were : " Be-cause the people collect more to the circus than to the church," and because the ex-hibition. "proved a great hindrance to the devotion of Christians." They also said, " Nor ought any Christian to be com-pelled to attend these games on Sunday." Of course no one was compelled to attend the games; this referred entirely to those who of their own free will hired out to work for the managers of the exhibition. It is identical with the argument that seventy thousand employes will be com-pelled to work on Sunday if the Fair is open. Soon after this, they got laws enforcing the observance of baptism and of the Lord's Supper, then of all the observances of the church. Nor can these men to-day give any reason why if they enforce one of these religious observances by law, they should not proceed to the enforcement of all others. The object for which the religious poli-ticians worked in the recent hearing, was to so amend the Appropriation bill, as to have it provide that the " treasurer shall not pay one dollar of the appropriation, till the local commission in Chicago shall stipulate in writing that the Fair shall be closed on Sundays during the six months of the Exhibition." Congress could take no step, it could pass no bill, that would more fully commit this Nation, as a Na-tion, to the recognition of the religious dogma of Sunday sacredness. A man may say that he believes that Sunday is a holy day, and that he shall keep it sacredly; but to say that he will have no business relations with any one who does not keep Sunday strictly, is go-ing much farther. It is to this extent, however, that this proposed amendment would carry Congress in the recognition of Sunday sacredness. The question whether Sunday is or is not a sacred day, is purely a religious question. It is not a question for courts and legislatures, but for each man to de-cide between his own soul and his Maker. Moreover, there is no religious question more under dispute to-day than this. Some profess to believe that Christ and the apostles changed the Sabbath to Sun-day. All students of history know that the observance of Sunday in the Christian Church did not begin for some centuries after the time of Christ and the apostles. Many Christians do not believe that there is any Sabbath in this dispensation. Many other Christians believe that the seventh day, or Saturday, is the true Sabbath. The Jews believe this also. Still others, who, under the Constitution of the United!' States are accounted good citizens, with equal rights, believe that Friday is the only religious day in the week. What right has Congress to take up this reli-gious controversy and throw its influence in favor of any party? This is class leg-islation. When Congress shall throw its influence in favor of any religious party, it will then, as did the State in the fourth century, have lost its power to keep the peace. Then will begin a struggle among the various religious denominations for precedence and State preferment, and it should be remembered that in the fourth century that struggle, ended only in the, 