JULY 13, 1893. AZIVIIRIIL-EI CAN glENT9PITN11EA. 219 the series of congresses belonging to the World's Fair Congress Auxiliary. Last Sunday they had charge of the services at the Fair grounds. The large hall was partially filled with a scattered assembly. Upon the platfrom were gathered army,  chaplains, and behind them were the Indian boys and girls from the Lincoln Institution at Philadelphia. The exer-cises were opened by the bugle call of the assembly, and the audience arose and sang "America." After prayer and reading of the Scriptures, an address was delivered by a captain of the regular army, who closed by saying :Š And when the last trump shall sound " taps " for all the nations of the earth, our flag will still be there, borne sturdily aloft amid the wreck of matter and the crash of worlds by the veterans of the Regular Army and Navy Union of the United States of America. The audience then sang, "Nearer My God to Thee," and the bugler sounded " taps." Addresses were also delivered by Chaplain Bateman, of the United States army, and Dr. Akins, president of Du-vall's Veteran Cavalry Association. The services closed with the "Star Spangled Banner," and the benediction by Chaplain Allen Allensworth. The superficial, national, Christianity which is now in vogue throughout the country, and continually growing in the favor and acceptance of larger numbers of American citizens, was extremely well exemplified by " Patriotic Sunday " at the Fair. Although apparently in antagon-ism to the interests and views of the re-ligious element of the country which con-siders itself orthodox, and is striving for the legal enforcement of religion, the re-ligious exhibit of the Regular Army and Navy Union of the United States of Amer-ica at Festival Hall, did not differ in pur-pose or effect from the general movement for a national religion. It was indeed rather a perfected result, in small meas-ure, of the attempt to nationalize a form of religion. It was an example, in little, of the preaching and practice of national religion. Those who have sought so ear-nestly, and fought so bitterly, to close the World's Fair gates on Sunday, would in-deed be surprised to find their plans and wishes better served by its opening than by its closing. It is not at all improbable that they will find this to have been the case. W. H. M. Chicago, July 3. The Sunday Opening of the World's Fair. THERE is no real satisfaction to any true American patriot or well-instructed Chris-tian in the opening by the Board of Direct-ors of the World's Fair on Sunday. It is no real satisfaction to the Signs of the Times. What we have contended for from the beginning is that the United States Government had no business to legislate in the matter. The question was a religious question, legislation upon which is forbidden by the Constitution. But the Supreme Court placed an inter-pretation upon the First Amendment which virtually annulled it, and Congress re-duced the principles of the Supreme Court interpretation to practice by deciding a religious controversy and establishing Sun-day as the Sabbath so far as an earthly government could do it; and in that act Congress, at the behest of the churches, committed this Government to religious legislation. The independence, avarice,  or defiance of a few local directors (to whom the matter really belongs) will not alter the status of the case, nor undo the evil work of Congress. Nothing will undo this evil work but a total and absolute re-peal and repudiation of all Sunday legisla-tion on the part of Congress. But will Congress do this ?ŠNo; the body is too much under the control of the churches. This Government has taken her first steps in the path of the Papacy, according to the prophecies of God's Word, and the in-evitable results will soon follow.ŠSigns of the Times. Praying for the Destruction of the Fair. IT has been repeatedly intimated by rep-resentatives of the Sunday closing move-ment that the judgments of God might be visited upon the World's Fair, or even the whole Nation, as a punishment for opening the Fair on "the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday." These parties have suggested tornadoes, cyclones, and even the dreaded cholera as a very possible retribution. These suggestions are not direct prayers for disaster, although the suggestion that God might visit his wrath upon the Nation by means of these calamities, is evidence that such punishment in the mind of the predictor, ought to be visited, and that if they were God, they would sweep the land with the besom of destruction. However, suggestions have now devel-oped into actual prayers for vengeance as appears from an article from the pen of Rev. Wm. Weir, one of the editors of the Christian Statesman, which organ is the mouth-piece of the American Sabbath Union. The following is the quotation referred to, and may be found in the Christian Statesman of June 24 :Š six months hence we will be able to declare the doings of the Lord as we cannot now. Let us wait and see if the Lord Jesus Christ hath not doomed the Fair that has doomed his Sabbath,ŠArise, 0 L )rd, plead thy cause. A just paraphrase of this American Sabbath Union petition would read as fol-lows : " Arise, 0 Lord, doom the Fair; doom it with a cyclone, with flames, flood, or famine, or with the deadly plague, only doom it." Why doom the Fair? Forsooth, because it " has doomed his Sabbath." How has it doomed his Sabbath ? By its being opened on Sunday, the first day of the week, in violation of the command which says, " The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." One of the strange things in connection with the history of religious persecutions, is that the persecutor has invariably per-secuted his victim for non-conformity with a dogma for which there was no scriptural support. This modern perse-cution for a so-called " desecration of Sunday " is not an exception. That the Sunday-closing representatives admit the absence of a scriptural command for Sunday observance, the following will show. In "Pearl of Days " leaflet (No. 3), a publication issued by the American Sab-bath Union, and written by a vice-presi-dent of the Union, we find the following sweeping admission .Š Our opponents declare, " We are not satisfied with these inferences and suppositions; show us where the first day is spoken of as holy, or as being observed instead of the seventh; we must have a direct and positive command of God." We admit there is no such command. And yet in the face of this fatal admis- sion, the organ of the American Sabbath Union publishes a petition of one of its editors, imploring the Lord Jesus Christ to " doom ' the Fair because it is open on the first day of the week. Again, in leaflet No. 3, published by the department of Sabbath observance of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, edited by Mrs. J. C. Bateham, also one of the editors of the Christian States-man, we find the following :Š Question 6. ŠIf Jesus wished the day changed, why did he not command it? Answer. ŠA command to celebrate the resurrec-tion could not wisely be made before the resurrec-tion occurred. He probably gave his own disciples such direction afterwards, "when speaking of the things pertaining to the kingdom." According to their own admission, there is but a " probably " in support of Sunday sacredness, and yet the United States troops are petitioned for, to shoot down the Sunday visitors at the Fair, and the Lord Jesus Christ is asked to reak venge-ance upon the Fair because it is open on the first day of the week! Again, the following dialogue took place between Dr. Herrick Johnson, another American Sabbath Union representative and an ardent Sunday closer, with Mr. Blair, before a Congressional committee, having a bill, for a national Sunday law under consideration :Š Mr. Johnson.ŠI think that no one who accepts the Bible doubts that there is one day in seven to be observed as a day of rest. The Chairman (Senator Blair).ŠWill you just state the authority? Mr. Johnson.ŠRemember the Sabbath day to keep it holy . . . . Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work. Chairman.ŠIs there any other? Mr. Johnson.ŠThere are references to this law all through the Bible. The Chairman.ŠNow you come and change the Sabbath day to which the Lord refers. Mr. Johnson.ŠThat we hold was changed by the Lord himself The Chairman.ŠWhen did he do that and by what language? Mr. Johnson.ŠThere was a meeting for worship on the first day of the week, the day the Lord arose, and seven days after there was another meeting for the same purpose, and then it is re-ferred to as the Lord's day. The Chairman.ŠAfter the change? Mr. Johnson.ŠYes, sir; after the change. The Chairman.ŠIt is based, then, upon two or three days being observed as days of religious wor-ship after the resurrection? Mr. Johnson.ŠYes, sir. Dr. Johnson has no authority for saying "seven days after there was another meet-ing for the same purpose," for the record says they met " after eight days," and then not for worship, since they met "for fear of the Jews." But granting that all this be true, for the sake of argument, we have the American Sabbath Union pray-ing for the Lord Jesus Christ to " doom ' the Fair with the cholera scourge, the deadly cyclone, or some other dire calam-ity, because "it has doomed his Sabbath" by keeping open on the first day of the week, which is declared to be the Sabbath, upon the authority of " two or three days being observed as days of religious wor-ship after the resurrection ; " and this too, in the face of the direct command of God, uttered with his own voice, amid the awful grandeur of Sinai, " The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." Once more. Rev. A. E. Waffle, who won the one thousand dollar prize offered by the American Sunday School Union, for the best essay on the Sunday question, has this to say upon the same subject (pp. 186, 187) :Š "Up to the time of Christ's death, no change had been made in the day." And, " So far as the record shows they (the apostles) did not, however, 