THE AlVIEIRICA.N SENTINEL. 13 Morality and Religion. IN its broadest sense, religion is any system or method of worship, without regard to what the object of worship may be. In the world there are very many religions, and there are very many objects of worship. In this sense the angels are religious, for they worship God. But in Christian lands the word is used in a more restricted sense. He is not counted relig-ious who does not believe in God, his Son Jesus Christ as the only means of salvation, and the Bible as the revelation of the will of God to man. As the Mohammedan counts all as infi-dels who do not believe in Mohammed, so Christians esteem all as infidels who do not believe in Christ and the Bible. The Christian religion is that system which accepts the Scriptures of the Old Testament as the revelation of. God from the beginning of the world; accepts the fact of the fall of man, and of his subjection to death as a penalty for disobedience, and of his entire inability to re-cover himself from his lost condition. It ac-cepts Christ as the Son of God, the sole means of salvation, who died as a sacrifice to redeem us, and lives a priest to make intercession for us, and to aid us by his Spirit. Morality is obedience to the revealed will of God, whose law is a moral law, the only moral rule. Man lost his morality by disobedience of this rule. Had he retained his innocency, he would still have been a religious being, accord-ing to the primary sense of the word. He would have held communion with God, and worshiped him as the angels now do. But re-ligion in the commonly-accepted sense would not have existed. There would have been no sin, no need of a Saviour; Christ would not have died, and Christianity would not have been. Alexander Campbell, in his debate with Bishop Purcell, said the ten commandments are a synopsis of all religion and morality. Web-ster's Dictionary says the ten commandments are a summary of morality. Both statements are true, if we consider religion according to its primary signification. But the ten com-mandments do not contain within themselves the Christian religion; for this is remedial, and a law cannot be remedial. No system can re-cover from guilt and its consequences which does not contain pardon. Law cannot pardon, Christianity does. Therefore the law is not a religious instrument in this sense. An able writer in the Princeton Review (Henry N. Day, D. D., of New Haven,) says: " In any comparison as to their relative author-ity and importance to man, the precedence must be given to religion." There is difficulty in marking lines where things are so intimately blended as are these two, as the same writer again says: " A piety divorced from morals is a contradiction or an impossibility." But we cannot accept his statement first quoted as strictly true when spoken of the Christian re-ligion, which, he says, is the only true religion. Briefly we will notice the law as the " syn-opsis of all religion and morality," and show the relation which Christianity sustains to it. The ten commandments are divided into two parts, as based on the two great requirements  to love God with all the heart, and our neigh-bor as ourselves. Service done directly toward God is more strictly religious, while obligation rendered toward our fellow-men is mare prop-erly moral. But, as before remarked, these in-timately blend in the ten commandments. In the first four precepts the religious element predominates; in the last six the, moral element predominates. But though one element pre-dominates in one, and the other element pre-dominates in the other, the two elements can-not be separated in this law. No man can be a moral man and violate any one of the first four precepts, though they are strictly religious. And so also, no man can be truly religious and violate one of the last six precepts, though they are more strictly moral. No one is a moral man who is profane, an idolater, or a Sabbath-breaker; and no one can be truly re-ligious who is covetous, who is a thief, an adul-terer, or a murderer. These propositions need no argument; they are evident to all. We call every precept of the ten command-ments moral, and the whole ten, the moral law, because they are original obligation. By this we mean that they directly emanated from the will and mind of the Creator, and depended upon no contingency. The relations which they recognize, and upon which they rest, are those that inhere in the truths that God is our Creator, and man is our fellow-creature. Man could not originate these relations, nor cause these precepts to become duties. Hence they are essentially primary; no obligation of any nature can take precedence of them. The re-ligious element in this law takes precedence, as our duty to God comes first, and to man sec-ondarily. We must love God supremely, with all our heart, and mind, and soul, and our neighbor only as ourselves. And this order is not reversed or changed by the gospel; as the angels sang at the birth of the Redeemer: "Glory to God in the highest; and on earth peace, good will toward men." Glory to God is the first note in the song of the angels, as it should be the first object in the lives of men. How does ChristianityŠ" the only true re-ligion "Šstand related to this law? We have said that the law is primary, and as the nature and object of Christianity is essentially differ-ent from that of the law, they cannot stand on the same plane. The gospel, or the Christian religion, is secondary. Man could not originate, nor can he control, his relations to God as his Creator and to man as his fellow-creature. But Christianity does not grow out of these original or primary relations. It is wholly based upon the fact that man is a- sinner; and this relation man himself originated. It was not so originally; it did not grow out of or em-anate from the mind and will of God. And in all the systems of ethics of all man-kind, this priority or precedence is given to the moral law. Each and every one of the ten commandments is of obligation, and obedience to them is duty, at all times and under all cir-cumstances. And the importance of this obe-dience is not lessened by any contingency. A failure in any other respect does not change the nature of obedience to this. We all hold that, if the two may be sepa-rated, it is much more important that a man  obey the sixth or eighth commandment, that he abstain from murder and theft, than that he obey the requirement to be baptized or par-take of the Lord's supper. And for this evi-dent reason, that obedience to the gospel is neu-tralized by disobedience to the moral law. Obe-dience is and always was better than sacrifice Of what account is baptism to a thiefŠto one who continues to steal? Of what value is the Lord's supper to a willful murderer ? The law would have been forever binding if Christian-ity had never existed. Its relations antedate Christianity. But Christianity never would have existed if' there had been no moral law, or if the moral law had never been violated. And Christianity even now is not and cannot be of any benefit to a man who willfully or negligently violates the law of God, the ten commandments. Want of space in this paper compels us to waive an examination of the relation of civil Government to the two systems. We will no- tice that hereafter. J. H. W. What Is the Harm? THE Mendocino Beacon is one of the best of our California papers. We thank the editor for his kindly notice of the SENTINEL, but think he has overlooked the main issue which we make in our controversy with the "National Reform Association." We freely admit our belief that the movers in this Association think that they are doing God service, and that they really believe the, ends they seek are necessary to the welfare of our nation. And our differ-ence with them is one of conviction and fixed principle. We believe that their success would prove disastrous both to the Government and to Christianity in this country. The Beacon quotes the setting forth of the object of the Association in its platform--"Suitably acknowledge Almighty God as the author of the nation's existence, and the ulti-mate source of its authority, Jesus Christ as its Ruler, and the Bible as the supreme rule of its conduct, and thus indicate that this is a Chris-tian nation, and place all Christian laws, insti-tutions, and usages on an undeniable legal basis in the fundamental law of the land," and asks what is the harm of saying so if it is the truth. We, too, recognize the truth that all power is of God; but we do not believe that this is a Christian nation, and no amendment to our Na-tional Constitution will make it such. Chris-tianity is an individual experience, and the nation is Christian to the degree that the individuals composing it are Christians. And individuals are made Christians, not by votes and political movements, but by the preaching of the gospel and by personal conversion. But the real issue between us and the Asso-ciation, and the one which the Beacon seems strangely to have overlooked, is that of plac-ing the laws and institutions of Christianity " on an undeniable legal basis in the funda-mental law of the land." To this point our protest and arguments are all directed; and to this point the query of the Beacon will not ap-ply. We invite it to carefully read our state-ments on this subject, and to say if it can find 