64 "1-`14E AMERIC.A.N SENTINEL,. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 20, 1890. Nova.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE Pearl of Days, in giving "Reasons for Sabbath Laws," says :Š " The powers that be are ordained of God." If " of God," why not for God ? The answer is, Because God has for-.  bidden it by his word. IN the Washington City Sunday Law Convention, it was again stated, and the statement was let go without a sign of contradiction, that Rev. W. F. Crafts "is the American Sabbath Union." This same statement was officially made last summer by one of the District Secretaries of the Union. We knew it before, but it is well to have authoritative statements in con-firmation of the fact. WE have before explained in these col-umns that Colonel Elliott F. Shepard, president of the American Sabbath Union, owns the Mail and Express, a daily even-ing newspaper of this city; and that that paper, through its "Pearl of Days" col-unans;is the official organ of the American Sabbath Union. Colonel Shepard is quite a pious man. So pious is he, indeed, that he prints a verse of Scripture every day at the head of the editorial columns of his newspaper; and occasionally, perhaps as evidence of an extra quantity, he embel-lishes this by printing an advertisement of an intoxicating drink at the foot of the same columns, to say nothing of the same thing in other parts of the paper. For in-stance, in the issue of February 10 (and this is not the first time that it has been done), at the head of the editorial columns, he printed this text :Š For he was crucified through weakness, yet he liveth through the power of God. For we also are weak in him, but we shall live with him through the power of God toward you. And the same day, at the foot of the editorial columns, stood this other thing thus :Š Piper Heidsieck SecŠThe favorite everywhere.ŠAdv. Now "Piper Heidsieck Sec " is a popular brand of champagne, possessing all the intoxicating qualities of champagne gen-erally. The Christian Advocate suggested, a short time ago, that the printing of texts of Scripture at the head of a daily no-Ts-paper "is a matter of taste." Yes, no doubt. And it is altogether likely that  the printing of "Piper Heidsieck SeeŠthe favorite everywhere"Š at the foot of the same columns is also a matter of taste. Since this was put in type we have re-. ceived the Mail and Express of February 12. 1 Peter 2 : 7, 8, is printed at the head, and " A popular sparkling wineŠPiper Heidsieck- Sec," at the foot of the editorial columns.' SPEAKING of the Chinese, the Mail and Express Says :Š Those who are willing to become American cit-izens, adopting our ways, customs, religion, and language, ought to be admitted to all the rights of American citizenship. Is "our religion," then, to be made a test of citizenship ? By the way, Mr. Shep-ard, what is "our religion"? Is it the religion of the New Testament or of the saloon ? Is it expressed in 2 Corinthians, 13:4, or in "Piper Heidsieck Sec"? The president of the American Sabbath Union ought to be able to tell, and we hope he will.  Ł  A CONVENTION of the liberal thought women of the country will be held in Willard Hall,' Washington, D. C., Feb-ruary 24 and 25, 1890. The object of the Convention is to form a national organi-zation for the purpose of opposing the demands for religious legislation that are already so loud, so frequent, and so per-sistent. The call for the Convention says : " In order to help preserve the very life of the Republic by rousing public atten-tion to the constantly increased danger of a union of Church and State, it is nec-essary that liberal thought women sriould unite in a national society for combined work." This is a worthy object by whomsoever it may be desired, therefore we wish the coming Convention abundant success both in the organization and in the work pro-posed. All persons in harmony with this are invited to correspond with Matilda Joslyn Gage, Willard Hotel, Washington, D. C., Willard Hotel will be the headquarters of the Convention; and speakers, dele-gates, and visitors are requested to report there, to Mrs. Gage, on their arrival in the city. IT is not alone on the question of Sun-day observance that Congress is being asked to legislate in matters pertaining to religion. Representative Compton, of Maryland, has introduced a billŠFifty-first Congress, H. R. 423Šauthorizing the Secretary of the Treasury " to refund the duties paid upon a clock and a chime of bells, imported into the port of Balti-more for the use of Saint Timothy's Epis-copal church, of Catonsville, in Baltimore County, Maryland." Why should the duty on this clock and those bells be re-funded any more than on every other clock and every other bell or bells? The answer.  of course is, that these are for a church. Then upon what principle is it that this money shall be given from the public treasury to this church, and not an equal amount of money be paid from the same source to every other church in the land? And if the national treasury is to pay for the support of the playing of the tunes and the keeping of the time, of the church, why shall it not also help support the singing and the preaching carried on by the church ? If this can be granted, why should not the whole of the public funds be pladed at once at the service of the church? That bill is a sneaking, unprin-cipled thing. Let it be killed so dead that it may never be heard of again. THE Christian at Work notices the fact that Pittsburg, like Boston, is stirred up over the proposition made by the Catholics that they be given a proportionate share of public taxes for the support of parochial schools, and says :-- At a public meeting just held in that city a series of resolutions was adopted protesting against any concessions to Roman Catholics by the public school authorities, and against appropriation of any money to schools which advocated principles so di-rectly in opposition to the fundamental ideas of American Government. This is the right ground. The public schools for all, and no public moneys devoted to sectarian purposes should be the Amer-ican war-cry the country over. But if this is to be the war cry of Americans, what will become of the Blair Educational Amendment ? The only way to keep sectarianism out of the public schools is to keep religion out; but that is just what both Catholics and Protestants are determined shall not be done. .TheyŁ both want religious instruction, the only question between them being what religion shall be taught. Religious instruction be-longs not to the State, nor to State schools, but to the home, the Church and the Church school. Ł -4- MRS. MARY H. HUNT may be regarded as a leading authority in temperance mat-ters, and she speaks from experience, and puts a good deal of wisdom in a small space when she says: The recent-unsuc-cessful prohibitory temperance campaigns have been attempts to focalize into law against alcohol a popular sentiment that does not exist. If we will seek first the temperance education of = the people, all other temperance blessings will, in due time, be added unto us."ŠNew York Ob-server. THE. AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED '41) The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the  United States Constitution as it is so far -as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainten- ance of human rights, both civil and religious. Is will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1.00 In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, . . 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid. . Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York. 