AMERICAN SENTINEL. 797 u tually swear till the air was blue with oaths, he never swore on Sunday! Even supposing that the 25th of December were the day on which Jesus was born in Bethelhem, which it molt certainly is not, the mere observance of that day, in any way whatever, would have no element of Chris-tianity in it. Christianity is a life, and if it exists at all in any person, must be the whole of his life. People often have enough perception of the fitness of things to say that it is useless to give one, day of the week to God and all the rest to the world and the devil; but the fact is, such a thing is impossible. Such an idea is on a par with the stories of dead men who on certain occasions come out of their graves and walk about. It is just as impossible for a man to render real accountable service to God on only one day in the year, or in the week, and to serve himself and the devil all the other days, as it would be for a man to come from the grave in full vigor one day in each year or each week, and lie lifeless all the rest of the time. God can raise the dead, but when He does it, it is to the end that death shall no more have dominion over them. The Spirit of God can quicken into life those who are "dead in trespasses and sins;" but he does not do this periodically. Christ "ever liveth," but his life is nothing to us unless he lives in us; and while he is longsuffering, and will come back even after having been received and again thrust out, it is not conceivable nor possible that any soul should open the door at mid-night to receive him, with the express understanding that he must leave at the next midnight, to come again if called for at any time. That would be but to make a plaything of the Lord. The birth of Christ must be regarded, but not by celebrating a day. We are left in utter ignorance of the day when Jesus was born in Bethlehem, so that there need be no temptation to substitute the celebration of it for real acceptance of him; just as God did not allow the Israelites to see any form when he talked with them from Sinai, so that they could not attempt to make a likeness of him, and substitute that for him. Dent. 4. 15-19. Yet men have presumed to do both. The birth of Christ is to and for each individual. If Jesus be not born in a man's heart and life, it will be of no avail to him that He was born in Judea nineteen hundred years ago. Tan New York Sabbath Committee has determined to put a stop to Sunday theaters in this city. This re- port is given by The Independent, which indorses the organization and its work:Š "The New York Sabbath Committee is undertaking a hard fight in its endeavor to secure the enforcement of the law forbidding Sunday dramatic performances in theaters. One New York theater has been an especially flagrant offender, and last week one of its proprietors was arrested. A warrant was also out for ;another,  State Senator Timothy D. Sullivan, well known as 'Dry Dollar Sullivan,' a barkeeper and local politician. He, however, avoided arrest by going to Hot Springs, Ark. The law is very clear, and the society should have the full support of the community." NOTE the "ad" on page 799. Can you not secure some subscribers among your circle of acquaintances? TRADE EDITION, PRICE $1.50. "Desire of Ages." MIIIIIINŁ1411411Ł11111M1111111 IN answer to an urgent demand we have gotten out an edition of "Desire of Ages" without illustrations, in small compass, on light paper, for the convenient use of those who want to carry a copy with them when travel-ing. There is also a class who do not feel that they can afford to pay $3.50 for the beautiful subscription edi-tion. To all these this plain edition will appeal. It contains all the text of the subscription edition, including General and Scriptural Indexes and Appendix, but no illustrations except the frontispiece. THE TRADE EDITION is 5%x734 inches in size, and contains 1042 pages. PRICES: Cloth, - $1.50 Pull leather, round corners, 2.00 PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York City. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write Names Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Drat on New York. Personal cheeks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken, if paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. AMERICAN S   1-1,NTINEL, Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom-promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. Single Copy, Per Year $1.00, " Six months .50. 66 " Three months .25. ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL., 39 Bond St., New York. 