DECEMBER 21, 1896.11-11 1-1,1[ 405, modest plea that "the churches be open every Sunday night for the preaching of the gospel." When the churches are built, and occupied, and exempted from taxation, ex-pressly under the profession that it is all for the preaching of the gospel all the time, as-suredly it is the least possible thing that they could be asked, or that they could allow, that the Gospel shall be preached there one hour each week. We sincerely hope that the religious papers, and all others if possible, will help him to " send that cry all over the country." WHICH SHALL REIGN ? BY ALBERT C. HOPKINS. I SAW, recently, a picture of the assembled society of Christian Endeavor, standing in the foreground and flooding with fresh color and young life, the long and broad steps of the national Capitol, a more welcome advent than that of Coxey's army, indeed a most imposing, significant and. magnificent spec-tacle. I read, too, in connection with it, the statement that it was and is the avowed pur-pose of this Christian Endeavor, to promote and establish "the reign of Christ on Capi-tol Hill." This statement and avowal is, doubtless, open to several different interpre-tations. What shall we understand by "the reign of Christ in the national Capitol?" It is fit that we carefully consider what is its best mean-ing. If. the spirit Qf Christ, the full justice, the willing personal sacrifice, the large reli-gious freedom, the all-embracing fellowship and love, that truly represent the Christ, shall come to reign in the minds and thoughts of those who make and execute the laws at the national Capital, then only will the true Christ reign on Capitol Hill. It is justly feared, however, that this is not the interpretation of the Society, of Chris-tian Endeavor. Evidently it needs to be said and recognized, that any effort on the part of professed Christians to force their religious, views into the Constitution and the laws of the United StatesŠwhose proposed new and true name is the United StateŠis not a Christian but an unchristian endeavor. Such action will not promote, but certainly and seriously retard and prevent, the reign of the true Christ on Capitol Hill. Ł THE PRICE OF JUSTICE. [New York Journal, December 10, 1896.] THE mere fact that a galaxy of what are picturesquely described as $50,000 a year lawyers are defending the so-called Railway Trust against the attacks of an $8,000 a year United States attorney-general, ought not to affect the outcome of the suit. Surely the Supreme CourtŠin whose entire infallibility a majority of the nation has lately declared beliefŠcannot be dazzled by the monetary worth of legal talent. The attorney-general is an able lawyerŠperhaps not himself in the $50,000 class, though his predecessor was. Does anybody think that if the $50,000 Olney were prosecuting this case on behalf of the Government the Trust's chances for victory would be less? It is the fashion to deplore the smallness  of the salary of the attorney-general, and to contrast it with the liberal pay which corpo-rations offer to successful lawyers. But it is the fashion also to insist that in this free and equal democracy the courts know no differ-ence between rich and poor, and that justice is equitably meted out without reference to the wealth of the suitors. Clearly the com-plaint and the boast are incompatible if the man who can pay his lawyer the biggest fee stands the better chance of success. We do not rec 11 any mere political criti-cism of the Supreme Court so stinging as this apprehension that the mere array of highly paid legal talent in opposition to the attor-ney-general may affect its decision. The ap-prehension has been expressed not only in this case, but time and again when such dis-tinguished attorneys-general as William M. Evarts, Edwards Pierrepont, Wayne Mac-Veagh, and Benjamin H. Brewster, appeared on behalf of the State. The justices of the Supreme Court are sup-posed to know the law. They are selected from the ranks of the most distinguished lawyers of the nation, and are believed to be acute enough to detect sophistry in any argu-ment. Their dictum is final, and must not be cavilled at, lest the irreverent critic be branded as an anarchist. But it appears that to suggest that the litigant who can hire the most expensive lawyers stands the better chance before the Supreme Court,- or any other court of the United States, is not only not regarded as hostile criticism of the courts, but is looked upon as merely an ob-vious fact. A very curious estimate the people seem to put on courts as courts of justice. ARE OUR LAWS INFALLIBLE? BY M. E. KELLOGG. LAWMAKERS generally see and promulgate correct principles, putting them into the form of law; but prejudices are often stronger than laws, and, under what seems to them to be peculiar and extraordinary circumstances, the persons who make laws based on princi-ples of justice will sometimes justify actions contrary to the principles they have accepted and embodied in the law. Justice looks good to them in principle, as seen in the aggregate ; but if it is applied in a way that conflicts with their strong prejudices, in a way they did not conceive that it could be done when they ac-cepted the principles, they rebel at their own actions, or try to make an exception in the general application of the principles. Thus many people who affect to believe in equal religious rights for every religious sect to preach and make converts wherever its missionaries can gain a hearing, actually limit such liberties to certain privileged churches and sects; and should a Mormon missionary, or a preacher of some other (to them) obnoxious sect, come into their vicin-ity, they would feel it to be the proper thing to ignore the principles of religious liberty which they have themselves accepted, and, with violence if necessary, drive the hated sectarian from their midst. Those who do this, while claiming to accept the principles of religious liberty and to obey the laws of their State which accord liberty of conscience to all, really ignore both the law and the principle of justice upon which it is founded, and establish, as far as they can, a national religion, inclnding,in it those sects which they think should be protected or tol-erated, and rigorously excluding all others.  In opposition to this common course of action toward the Mormons, we are pleased to see the following from the editorial columns of the Christian Advocate, of Nov. 19:Š The question is started whether Mormons should be suppressed by law in the United States if they at-tempt to promote the spread of Mormonism; and whether, if mobbed, the authorities should protect them. So long as the Mormons do not teach the violation of the laws of the State, they are entitled to all the liberties enjoyed by the most orthodox Christian sects. Exclusive of polygamy, their religion is not as demoralizing as modern Spiritualism, nor any more absurd; and while such unsettlers of the foun-dations of morality, to say nothing of religion, as Ingersoll are allowed free speech, there is no consis-tency in interfering by law with any teacher of relig-ion, unless he advocates treason or the violation of the statute laws. This country has committed itself to free speech, freedom of the conscience, and free-dom in religion, with all their consequences for good and evil, subject only to restrictions of universal ap-plication; and their application to freedom in relig-ion is totally independent of the natural or supernat-ural origin thereof. But if Mormons teach polygamy and practice the same, they are amenable to the law just as they would be if they taught and practiced `free love." We said that we were pleased to see this article; and we are. The question of the relation of the State and State laws to the former practice of polygamy by any Mormon, is correct. The practice of polygamy is a civil wrong, and, as a civil wrong, the civil law has a right to prohibit it. But while this position of the Advocate is correct, there is in this article another general principle apparently laid down, which, while right as applied to polygamy, may be very dangerous as applied to some other things. It asserts that " there is no consistency in interfering by law with any teacher of relig-ion, unless he advocates treason or the viola-tion of statute laws." This rule, once adopted, would justify the State in interfering by law against any teacher of religion who taught something which some law of the State con-demned. Now for State law to be right in every case, it would be absolutely necessary that the laws of the State should be so per-fectly in harmony with the purest principles of justice that they condemn all evil, and nothing but evil, and promote all virtue, and nothing but virtue. And that is to say that the laws of the State must be absolutely per-fect and infallible; and this in regard to re-ligion as well as to civil affairs ! Will anyone presume to say that such is the condition in any country in the world ? Such a -theory, carried oat to its logical sequence, would deify the State, and change the greatest questions in morals and ethics from "Is it right ?"to "Is it the law ?" The question of " Is it law ? " has been used many times to serve the basest purposes, but the more important question "Is it right ?" has, in numerous instances, been the mainspring of great and beneficent reforms. To see how this principle has worked, it is only necessary to recall the days immediately preceding the great civil war in this country. When the Constitution of this nation was adopted, slavery was strongly intrenched in certain States of the Union. In those States it received the cordial support of the people as a whole, including the members of the various churches and their clergy. As the people of other States did not look with such favor upon slavery, there was a fear that some State at some time might become an asylum for runaway slaves, and hence, to protect the interest of the slave-holder, the following carefully-worded article vas made a portion of the United States Constitution : No person held to service or labor in one State, under the laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, 