AMERICAN SENTINEL. 711 ple that "governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed;" and that earthly govern-ments do not make rights, but that it is their duty to protect all equally in their exercise, ever holding in check that selfish disposition which would encroach upon the equal rights of another. Our fathers sought to place this Government in right relation to these principles in the beginning of our history as a nation. But does the Government stand there now? Or, has it narrowed down to that point where it claims rights for itself that are being denied to ethers? Let the reader study to know which. St. Paul, Minn. The Judgment of the Nations. BY B. W. MARSH. THERE is to be a time of trouble, such as never was since there was a nation even to that same time. And from that time of trouble the people of God dire to be -delivered. It is coming upon all the world, and already we hear the groaning of earth's perplexed inhabitants and the rattle of Satan's artillery, as he marshals his armies to drench the earth with blood. Men are thirsting for fame, and grow mad when met by opposition. Statesmen and rulers lay careful plans to remove all obstacles that may be in the way of their supremacy, and the wild fancy of many in this great nation is of universal dominion, and power to sway the world. Militarism means destruction to the nation that falls into its fateful channel; for by force no government can long maintain its integrity. The struggle for national supremacy among the powers of earth, will end in nothing less than their annihilation. The Scriptures teach this, and to deny the teaching of the Word of God is to court the destruction that is soon to fall upon the nations. The prophet in describing the fate of the nations wrote: "Then was the iron, the clay, the brass, the silver, and the gold, broken to pieces together, and became like the chaff of the summer threshing floors; and the winds carried them away, that no place was found for them; and the stone that smote the image became a great mountain, and filled the whole earth." Dan. 2:35. "All nations before him are as nothing; and are counted to him less than nothing, and vanity." Isa. 40:17. The unbelief and boasting of men will not change the mind of God. He will still regard the nations as only a drop in the bucket, and as the small dust of the balance. The light God has placed in the world has become darkness to the leaders of nations, and many will not read the warning of their own destruction. But there  must be some who will accept the counsel of heaven, and be saved from the wrath of God. Men may reason that they have a right to kill their fellows, and that circumstances justify war. But there is a righteous God, who is keeping faithful record of the wanton acts of men, and soon these nations who are now dyeing their garments with the blood of weaker victims, will be called to answer before the justice bar of heaven for the murderous sins with which they are charged in the record books of God. "0 earth, earth, earth, hear the word of the Lord." Jer. 22:29. "Woe unto him that buildeth his house by unrighteousness, and his chamber by wrong; that useth his neighbor's service without wages, and giveth him not for his work; that saith, I will built me a wide house and large chambers, andcutteth him out windows; and it is ceiled with cedar, and painted with vermilion. Shalt thou reign, because thou closest thyself in cedar? did not thy father eat and drink, and do justice and judgment, and then it was well with him? He judged the cause of the poor and needy; and it was well with him: was not this to know me? saith the Lord. But thine eyes and thine heart are not but for thy covetous-ness, and for to shed innocent blood,and for oppression, and for violence to do it." Jer. 22:13-17. Therefore, "A. noise shall come even to the ends of the earth; for the Lord hath a controversy with the nations, he will plead with all flesh; he will give them that are wicked to the sword, saith the Lord. Thus saith the Lord of hosts, Behold evil shall go forth from nation to nation, and a great whirlwind shall be raised up from the coasts of the earth. And the slain of the Lord shall be at that day from one end of the earth even to the other end of the earth; they shall not be lamented, neither gathered, nor buried; they shall be dung upon the ground." Jer. 25:31-33. Men and nations may and will ignore these solemn truths, and will be found fighting against God when their sun of mercy sets forever. The nation that dares to send men of war and armies to the shores of a weaker land for the purpose of conquest, and there begin the awful work of desolat-ing homes,and filling the land with widowsand orphans, Šthat nation has about reached the limit of God's mercy, and will soon feel the overpowering stroke of retributive justice sweep through its own land measur-ing out that which it has measured to others. May the avenging stroke of retribution be delayed until all who will of this nation, and of all the nations, have an opportunity to fall upon the mercy of God. Cripple Creek, Colo. THE only choice which is being offered to poor, be-wildered China is whether it is to be eaten with sugar or with salt. The wail of the Chinese empress about the "greedy dogs" of Europe is pathetic, but unavailing.ŠN. Y. Journal. 