SEPTEMBER 14, 1893. A1t c A IN-   Pr NIR1r.d 283 as the Christian Sabbath, and to fix in the law their interpretation of the word of God. Having used this decision, and claimed it as certainly right, to their own advantage, and to sustain and fix in the law their own views in matters of relig-ion, they have forever cut themselves off from calling in question either the decision or the use of it, when it is employed to their disadvantage, and to fix in the law Rome's views in matters of religion. Thus completely, and by professed Prot-estants, has this Nation been sold into the hands of Rome. Thus completely has the new order of things been reversed and the old order of things restored, and Rome knows it. Rome's knowledge of this and the use which she is even now making of this knowledge, will be related next week. A. T. J. Chicago Correspondence. A Remarkable Episode in the Sunday Clos-ing. Contest. ANOTHER remarkable chapter was added last week to the history of the agitation for the Sunday closing of the World's Fair. The decision of Judge Stein of the Superior Court, in the Clingman case, en-joining the World's Fair authorities from closing Jackson Park, in which the World's Fair is situated, to the people on Sundays or any other day of the week, because a source of dissatisfaction to the management when it was discovered that the Sunday receipts would, at the best fall far short of reimbursing them for the return of the conditional appropriation of two million five hundred thousand dollars. This being so, and Judge Stein having not only refused to modify his decree, but having heavily fined the members of the World's Fair management for their disre-gard of it, a motion to dissolve Judge Stein's injunction was made before Judge Goggin of the same court. Judges Bren-tano and Dunne, also of the Superior Court, were asked to sit with him in hear-ing and determining the case. The mat-ter was argued,Šits presentation being, in the main, as previously argued before Judge Stein, and for more than a week a decision had been anxiously awaited. On Thursday, August 31, one of the most un-expected and surprising episodes of this whole contest, strange as it has been, oc-curred. Judge Goggin had determined to sustain the injunction granted by Judge Stein, while Judges Brentano and Dunne, sitting on the bench with him by invitation had decided that it should be dissolved. Judge Goggin determined that his own purpose should not be defeated, asked the dissenting judges to withdraw from the hearing of the case, which they did, after reading their opinion, and he then con-tinued the matter for sixty days, which is until the close of the Fair. This action of Judge Goggin has brought upon him, probably, as severe criticism, couched in as vituperative lan-guage, as ever was visited upon any judge in this country. There was no precedent for such a course. Never before, undoubt-edly, in the history of our courts has judi-cial courtesy been so violated, yet Judge Goggin has kept wholly within his rights as judge of that court. He is not legally in the wrong. He has violated only the judicial code of ethics. He had, no doubt, strictly, as much right to disregard the views of the judges whom he had asked t counsel with him and request them:to  withdraw, as he would have had to refuse to accept the decision of a jury which he considered contrary to the law and the evidence and to dismiss such a jury. But the breach of courtesy remains, both in the act and the manner in which it was done, and that will rankle long. An attempt is to be made to have the matter reheard before Judge Ewing, of a court of concurrent jurisdiction, but it is difficult to see how another judge will find any sufficient reason for taking the case out of the hands of Judge Goggin, and it seems probable that the matter as now reached the status in which it will remain for the rest of the period of the contin-uance of the World's Fair. Still nothing is more certain than that this subject will not be dropped, even for a moment, and the most unexpected and improbable com-plications are liable to arise in it at any time. The attendance at the Fair upon the Sunday following Judge Goggin's action increased five thousand, there being, on that day, twenty-five thousand paid ad-missions, as against twenty thousand of the preceding Sunday. - The agitation for the Sunday closing of the World's Fair, and its results in legis-lative and judicial action mark an era in the history of this Republic. The Rubicon has been passed and it can never be re-crossed. The character of the contest which is now before us already begins to be apparent. The ordinary observer, if he will but open his eyes to that which has been done, and the way in which it has been done, can understand what the result will be. w. H. M. The Roman Catholic Congress Assembles. THE series of religious congresses, which will occupy the entire month of Septem-ber, formally and authoritatively opened yesterday with the Catholic congress, which a leading morning paper character-izes, in its headlines as " The most impor-tant gathering of church dignitaries ever held in America." Cardinal Gibbons was present, and a long list of archbishops, bishops and priests, together with dele-gates from every State in the Union. It was an august and impressive spectacle. The intellect and culture, the authority and power, of the Roman Catholic Church in America were assembled there. W. J. Onahan, secretary of the com- mittee on organization, introduced Arch-bishop Feehan who first addressed the members of the congress, and presented C. C. Bonney, President of the World's Congress Auxiliary. In the course of his address Mr. Bonney expressed some sug- gestive thoughts. The following para-graph, in its first sentence, states a fact, the truth of which all will realize:Š That a great change has come in the relations of the Catholic Church and the Protestant churches with each other is known throughout the world. That this change has largely increased human hap-piness and has in many ways promoted the cause of peace and progress is also widely acknowledged. A brief reference to some of the leading causes of this change seems, however, especially appropriate to this occasion and may serve to strengthen the gracious bonds of charity and affection which are now gently drawing nearer and nearer to each other all the various branches of the great family of mankind. One paragraph of Mr. Bonney's address in reference to education may bear almost any interpretation which he might think it politic to put upon it, but if the Ameri-can doctrine of popular education is in ac-cord with the Roman Catholic idea as  practically realized, wherever that hie-rarchy has had the opportunity, Mr. Bon-ney has been the first to discover, it. This is what he said There is one important particular in which the ideas of Catholic educational leaders are in peculiar accord with the original American doctrine of pop-ular education. The third article of the great or-dinance of 1787 for the government of the territory of which Chicago is the metropolis declared that, "religion, morality and knowledge being necessary to good government and the happiness of mankind, schools and the means of education shall forever be encouraged." Not knowledge only; not knowledge and moral-ity merely, but religion, morality and knowledge, sacred trinity of the powers of human progress, are essential to the proper education of the people. The welcoming address concluded thus, the references to Pope Leo eliciting most hearty applause:Š But a greater agency of union and progress still remains to be namedŠthe illustrious head of the Catholic Church, Pope Leo XIII., than whom no more able, enlightened and benign pontiff has borne the name of holy father in a thousand years. Like the morning bell of a new age, his earnest words in speaking of the American people are: "I love them and I love their country. I have a great tenderness for those who live in that land, Protest-ants and all. Under the Constitution religion has perfect liberty, and is a growing power. Where the church is free, it will increase; and I bless, I love Americans for their frank, open unaffected character and for the respect which they pay to Christianity and Christian morals. My only desire is to use my power for the good of the whole people Protestant and Catholics alike. I want the Protest-ants as well as the Catholics to esteem me." Is it any wonder that Pope Leo XIII., is respected and beloved by the Protestants to whom these words were addressed ? On the Protestant side similar causes have been at work, producing similar results. The time now at command will not permit a presentation of these results, but it may suffice to say that they have culminated in the arrangements for the World's Re-ligious Congresses of 1893. Blind, indeed, must be the eyes that cannot s(Łe in these events the quickened march of the ages of human progress toward the fulfillment of the di-vine prophecy of one fold and one shepherd, when all forms of government shall be one in liberty and justice and all forms of faith and worship one in charity and human service. With these sentiments I greet and welcome the Catholic congress of 1893. [Applause.] Cardinal Gibbons followed with an ad-dress expressed with the utmost grace and filled with well - turned phrases which brought out his thought so skillfully and tactfully that none who heard failed to be impressed. Chairman O'Brien in describing the common platform upon which churchmen both Catholics and non-Catholic stood, said :Š And against irreligion the implacable foe to our present civilizationŠwhatever form it may as-sumeŠall those, whether Protestant or Catholic, who believe in the vital force of religion have a common ground upon which they stand. Not only in this have we a bond of union with our Protestant countrymen, who in good faith are engaged in dis-seminating virtue and religion, but there are also general charities, which look to the amelioration of the condition of the poor, the sick and the aged, as well as measures designed to suppress intemperance and gambling and prevent the desecration of the Sunday. These are among the subjects which will receive consideration by this congress, and it is in a spirit of generous rivalryŠaccording to all the same religious freedom which we claim for ourselvesŠthat we will endeavor to discharge that duty which we owe to our church and to our country. No doubt the so-called orthodox as rep-resented by the American Sabbath Union and its following would accept every plank of this platform, and be willing to join in a Roman Catholic anathema upon all who are unwilling to stand upon it. A large number of addresses and papers were presented during the day, all marked in the highest degree by ability, skill, and expression, deep research. thorough learn-ing and culture, such as has not been seen 