SEPTMITIBB, 10, 1890. A, TOILIEJELICA1V 283 had in Rome, and that which followed was only the logical and inevitable outcome. A Perfect Parallel. One important point remains to be noticed, namely, the parallel between the " justifica-tion" of intolerance in the era of the Inqui-sition and the " justification" of intolerance now. We shall show this parallel by placing side by side a portion of two paragraphs from Mr. Conway's article and a short extract from Judge Hammond's dictum given August 1, 1891, at Memphis, Tenn., in the case of R. M. King, a Seventh-day Adventist, tried, convicted, and imprisoned for practical dis-sent from the religious faith of his neighbors as to the particular day to be observed as the Sabbath:Š rIAMMOND 'S DEFENSE OFTHE TENNESSEE INQUISITION. By a sort of factitious advantage, the observers of Sunday have secured the aid of the civil law, and adhere to that advan-tage with great tenacity, in spite of the clamor for religious freedom, and the progress that has been made in the absolute sep-aration of Church and State. . . The courts cannot change that which has been done, however done, by the civil law in favor of the Sunday ob-servers. The religion of Jesus Christ is so inter-woven with the texture of our civilization and every one of its institutions, that it is impossible for any man or set of men to live among us and find exemp-tion from its influences and restraints. Sunday observance is so essentially a part of that religion that it is impossible to rid our laws of it. . . It is idle to expect in government perfect action or harmony of essential principles, and whoever administers, who-ever makes, and whoever executes the laws, must take into account the im-perfections, the passions, the prejudices, religious or other, and the errings of men because of these. . . If one ostenta-tiOUSly 3  labors for the pur-pose of emphasizing 'his distaste for, or disbelief In, the custom [of keeping Sunday], he may be made to suffer for his defiance by persecutions, if you call them so, on the part of the great majority, who will compel him to rest when they rest. The parallel is complete, and he who assents to Judge Hammond's reasoning in defense of the Tennessee Inquisition, cannot consistently dissent from Mr. Conway's, in justification of the Roman Catholic Inquisition of the Middle Ages, as it existed in France, Spain, Holland and other countries. There can be no com-promise on this question. It is " impossible for a magistrate [civil authority] to adjudge the right of preference among the various sects which profess the Christian faith, without creating a claim to infallibility, which would lead us back to the church of Rome.' is unjust to imply as does Judge Hammond by the use of the expression, "ostentatiously labors," that the defendant in this case rendered himself purposely obnoxious to his neighbors. His work was of course open to the observation of the public, but had it not been done by an Adventist it would have occasioned little more than passing remark. 4  From the memorial of the Presbyterians, Quakers and Baptists of Virginia, A. I), 1785. A ROMAN CATHOLIC PLAN FOR CHURCH RE- - UNION. SAYS the New York Sun, of September 1:Š The movement for the reconciliation of the Angli-can Communion to the Papal See has Catholic as well as Protestant supporters; for instance, the Abbe Por- tal, an eminent Catholic theologian, concurs with Lord Halifax in believing that the fusion should be and could be effected. The plan which he favors was defined in a recent speech. He concurs with Lord Halifax in deeming the true unifying process to be not the conversion of individuals, to which the Cath-olic propaganda in England has been hitherto re-stricted, but corporate union, by which he means an agreement for consolidation between the leaders and authorities of the Church of England on the one part and of the church of Rome upon the other. This mode of consolidation, he says, would save the indi-vidual from the. torture of doubt and other risks in-curred by a personal investigation of the faith, and, above all, it would avoid the danger of shaking the whole roots of his spiritual life by forcing him to break violently with his religious past. The Sun proceeds to state that this plan for reunion of the Anglican and Catholic communions has received condemnation from a source supposed to be the pen of Cardinal Vaughan, the English primate; and which would not be surprising, considering its im-politic nature in this enlightened day. Never-theless the plan is' essentially papal, and by it vast numbers of the heathen were, back in the early years of the great apostasy, received into the papal fold. It was this wholesale "conversion" and re-ception of heathenism into the church that made the Papacy essentially what it is to-day in respect to religious belief and ceremonies. The conversion of individuals from heathen-ism to Christianity was altogether too slow a process to suit the purposes of the church in those days when she was struggling to rise to a place of preeminence from amidst the tu-mult of hostile forces around her. Conver-sions were by tribes and nations, through their "representatives," and officials of the church were not always particular whether these "conversions" were made with the con-sent of the "converted." Not infrequently the latter were given their choice between "conversion" and death. Of course this was because the "mystery of iniquity," of which the Apostle Paul warned the church in his day, was working in the church and had per-verted the latter from the way of righteous-ness and truth. If the Abbe Portal were a resident in the United States, however, we would not feel certain that his plan had not been suggested by some events of our own times, and which also represent the action of "Protestants." There is the movement which recently came before Congress, and will come before that body again, to make this nation "Christian" by amending its Constitution. This done, the people of the nation could be counted as as Christians, without " the torture of doubt and other risks incurred by a personal inves-tigation of the faith." This project has the approval and support of leading "Protestant" bodies in this country. As the reader may remember, also, it was not very long since that some prominent American Protestants counted all the Roman Catholics as support-ers of a project for a national Sunday "law," because the project had the approval of Card-inal Gibbons. That it is right for "the leaders and authorities" in the Church to think for the masses in the Church, and for the Utter to do as their superiors bid them, is a principle always upheld by the papal church, and justified by Protestants on that occasion. In rejecting the Abbe's plan of " corporate reunion," the papal authorities simply set the principle aside as inapplicable to the occasion  of Anglican reunion with Rome at this time. The day of wholesale. "conversions" to the "faith" seems to be past, and Rome prospers now by other methods. It is doubtless with surprise that Rome sees this principle taken up and indorsed in the name of Protestantism. Her surprise must be exceeded only by her exultation as she sees " Protestantism " open-ing the way for her to work with all the power and success of pre-Reformation times, for the spiritual enslavement of mankind. s. THE SULTAN'S MISTAKE. THE following, which is taken from some statements made by the Rev. Mr. MacQueen, of Boston, just returned to this country from Turkey, affords a pretty good index to the amount of good done by the harangues of the clergy in favor of war upon the Turk. The Sultan, upon the arrival of Miss Clara Barton and her company, to engage in Armenian re- lief work, provided them with escorts. Mr. MacQueen tells us:Š When they first started, orders for the escorts were countermanded. This was because a bundle' of Amer-ican papers had arrived containing Talmage's sermon in which he fiercely denounced the Sultan. Seven days after, when the Turkish authorities learned who Talmage was and that his speech was not equivalent to a declaration of war, the order was reissued. Considering all the facts in the case, not omitting to take account of the nature of Mr. Talmage's oratory, it would seem hardly more than to be expected that the Sultan should get from his "sermon" the impression he did. It is a rather- peculiar state of things, from a Christian point of view, when what purports to be the preaching of the gospel of peace, by American clergymen, sounds to foreign rulers like an American declaration of war. s. THE BUSINESS OF PREACHERS. THE business of preachers is to preach the gospel. Probably all preachers are agreed upon this point, but the world suffers by reason of the wide disagreement among them concerning what the gospel includes. The gospel is the word of God. It is the business of preachers, as such, to preach that word, and no other. No preacher has any business to present, as gospel truth, that which is merely his own conclusions, however sure he may be that those conclusions are correct. We have reached a time when the relation of the preacher to politics has become a theme of widespread discussion. There seems to be some doubt in the public mind as to the pro-priety of political discourses from the pulpit. In theory at least, the general sentiment in this country is opposed to a union of Church and StateŠa combination of religion with politics; and when the two are spoken of and treated as belonging to the same sphere of action, the average mind instinctively hesi-tates to give its sanction. Bat many voices are now heard explaining away this apparent distinction of nature and purpose, and show-ing how a clergyman can properly engage as a gospel minister in the discussion of poli-tics. For instance, we quote the following from the Herald and Presbyter (Cincinnati), of September 2:Š There is a false sentiment in some localities that the ministry should confine themselves to religion and the church, and have nothing to do with politics. There is no class or profession that has more to do with making good citizens. They gather the people CONWAY'S DEFENSE OF THE ROMAN INQUISITION. " This was done when all the world embraced the teachings of the Cath-olic Church. King and subject, prince and peas-ant, rich and poor, all be-lieved her doctrines,  not only to be true, but to be incapable of being Mist). Schools and churches, as semblies and meeting-houses, echoed and re-echoed with her tenets and dogmas. And so, quite naturally, it seemed to all who lived in such surroundings, and rightly too, that any one who sought to destroy the faith of the nation, which is at all times its most priceless treasure, was as great an enemy to the State as one who contrived to under-mine its civil institutions. ' " Moreover, since all statesmen and public offi-cers were at the same time Catholics, it is most easy to understand that they enacted laws and punish-ment in keeping with their religious convic- tions. . . All the laws had a tinge of Cath-olicity, and they were car-ried out in a manner sa-voring of the principles of that universal religion. Consequently, it is evi-dent, that one who was a heretic then, was, by that very fact in opposition to the spirit of the laws and customs of his countryŠin other words, a disturber of the public peace, and an underminer of civil society." 