216 A_TUIEFULCA.N VOL. 10, No. 27. NEW YORK, JULY 4, 1895. Mr' ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL WitIdllt having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. MORE seventh-day observers are threatened with arrest in Georgia. No further attempt has been made to pre-vent SENTINEL employs from working on Sunday. Ł THE Sunday-closing crusade has reached St. John, New Brunswick, and arrests for keep-ing open store have been made. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL says "amen" to the noble words of the Primitive Catholic, reprinted on this page; and let all the people say amen. THE decision in the case of Robert Watt, the Seventh-day Adventist of Darrell, Ont., charged with laboring on Sunday, which was to be rendered June 24, has been postponed. Evidently the judge is perplexed. It is to be hoped that justice will prevail. THE first-page article from the Dayton (Tenn.) Republican was written by the editor, W. 0. Thomas, who held a consulship under President Harrison. Although Mr. Thomas must be writing dollars out of his pocket in defending the little body of seventh-day ob-servers in his county, he continues the fight with increased zeal. ROBERT R. 'WHALEY, of Church Hill, Md., has served out his sentence of thirty days in the county jail, inflicted upon him for setting out plants in his garden on Sunday, and has returned to his wife and children. It is to be hoped that the hearts of his persecuting Meth-odist neighbors have been touched by this his second imprisonment at their hands, and that they will now cease to harass him. Ł  THE SENTINEL has vacated its pulpit this week in favor of the Dayton (Tenn.) Republi-can. This is not because we lack for some-thing to say, but because we want our readers to listen to a new champion of religious free-dom. The AMERICAN SENTINEL for nine years fought the battle comparatively alone, but within the last six months other cham-pions have arisen to speak for the oppressed. God bless them all. THIS number of the SENTINEL was held several hours to get the result of the trials of the Tennessee Adventists. One of our editors who was in attendance furnished the dispatch printed on this page. Next week we expect to publish a full account of the trials, with appropriate illustrations, secured with that  faithful delineator, the kodak. Extra copies will be furnished in any quantity. Price, $1 per hundred; $8 per thousand. THE TENNESSEE' TRIALS. We stop the press to insert the following special telegram from Dayton, Tenn. " Leach guilty, one case. Burchard and Hall guilty. England not guilty, two cases. Oscar England not guilty. Abbott, two dis-agreements. Dodson not guilty. Other cases follow. C. P. BOLLMAN." There are six more cases yet to be tried be-sides the Abbott case. The telegram indicates that the trials are most interesting, and the reader may look forward to our next issue for important news. By the time this paper reaches our readers the Dayton jail will contain not only the persons named in the telegram as " found guilty" but others not yet tried. Let all friends of religious liberty awaken and arouse the country to a realization of this cruel in-justice. THE PEDIGREE. AND Satan begat paganism. And Satan and paganism begat sun-worship. And Satan and sun-worship begat the "ven-erable day of the sun." And Satan and the " venerable day of the sun" begat the " Christian Sunday." And Satan and the " Christian Sunday " and the paganizing bishops begat Sunday laws. And Satan, the Sunday laws and the bishops begat the union of Church and State, papal Rome. And Satan and papal union of Church and State begat the English union of Church and State. And Satan and the English union of Church and State begat the Sunday laws of Charles Second. And Satan, the English union of Church and State, and the Suilday law of Charles Second begat the colonial union of Church and State and the colonial Sunday laws. And Satan, the colonial union of Church and State and colonial Sunday laws begat State union of Church and State and State Sunday laws. And Satan, State Sunday laws and religious bigots begat the persecution of Seventh-day Adventists in Tennessee, Maryland, Georgia and other States. WE understand that the superintendent of the House of Refuge in St. Louis has forbidden Cath-olic priests to perform their rites in that institu-tion, although he admits the ministers of Prot- estant denominations. The superintendent attempts to justify his action on the ground that the Catholic mass is "idolatry." But on what authority does this public official pronounce this rite idolatry ? Has the State of Missouri legally defined idolatry ? If not, what business has this city official to permit the performance of certain religious rites as orthodox and prohibit others as idol-atrous ? Roman Catholic officials in Spain and South America have as much right to pronounce the worship of Protestants idolatry  and prohibit it, as has a Protestant official in the United States to pronounce the Roman Catholic mass " idolatry," and exclude its priests from public institutions. It is such inconsistencies as these that hurt the cause of religious liberty and show that much of the agitation against papal domina-tion is based on passion and prejudice, and not on principle. Our religious liberties are as much in danger from these " Protestants " as from the most aggressive Roman Catho-lics. Ł RELIGIOUS PERSECUTION. UN-AMERICAN. [From the Primitive Catholic, New York, June 15.] IT is with great interest we have followed the trial of the Sabbatarian, Mr. J. Q. Allison, of Douglasville, Ga. This gentleman is a member of a Christian denomination that holds that the seventh instead of the first day of the week should be the day of rest. He observes like the orthodox Jew the Sabbath and works on Sunday. Mind you, he does not deprive anybody on Sunday of his rest, he interferes in no way whatever with the Sunday practice of any other citizen. Yet through the chicanery of some men, members of other Christian organizations, he is brought under the law for working in his own fields on Sunday. He is found guilty of having violated a statute of the State, he is con-demned to one year of labor in the chain-gang. And, gentlemen, this is Christian America! Down in Baltimore, a Mr. Whaley, formerly a member of a Methodist Church, with his family left Methodism and joined the Seventh-day Adventists. Some of his former co-reli-gionists, good Methodist brothers, see him fixing is garden on Sunday. Their right-eousness is shocked, they enter a complaint against him, though they knew that this man conscientiously had observed his " Lord's day," that he was not making himself a public nuisance, but quietly worked in his own pri-vate garden. Consequence : Mr. Whaley, whoŁ is a journeyman carpenter, has to go to jail for thirty days; he was locked in a cell May 27th to serve out his sentence. This is Christianity ? Gentlemen, where is your consistency ? You yell yourselves hoarse sometimes over the persecutions your mission-Ł aries have to undergo in foreign lands by the Romish authorities and laws prevailing in those lands. We all cry with you, shame! and are ready to agitate with you to change this state of affairs. But, look around, lo! what are you doing to your brother in Amer-ica ? Next time you go into your class-meet-ings open your Bible at the 14th chapter of Paul's epistle to the Romans rand have it all talked over with the brothers and sisters. For shame's sake let us be consistent, let us have more of the sweet Spirit of Him whom Paul really represents in his writings. Verily we believe if the Spirit of Jesus Christ were not acutely alive in the hearts of the laity of our churches, some of them with their array of talent and head-religion, as represented by the doctors and the greater than such, would become as despotic and tyrannizing as Rome. Oh, for more of the Holy Ghost to even matters and smooth them over. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore Ł uncompromisingly opposed to anything  tending  toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per gear, - - - 1.00. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 