"If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, I Judge him not: for I Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World." VOLUME 9. NEW YORK, MAY 17, 1894. NUMBER 20.   American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORE. Entered at the New York Post-Office. EDITOR, - - - - tLONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN. / WILLIAM H. MC KEE. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL is Christian, Protestant, and American. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL is therefore uncompromisingly and everlastingly op-posed to every element of the papacy from beginning to end. HOWEVER, from a survey of all the field of the operation of the papacy, which is only political and worldly, we have found, and our readers must have seen, what an immense disadvantage it is, under which any form of opposition must be carried on which is in any way political or according to worldly methods. TO-DAY, every conceivable political or worldly advantage is with the papacy. So entirely is this so that those very pro-visions of the United States Constitution, Ł which were intended to be an everlasting barrier against any encroachment of reli-gion upon the Government, and against any recognition of any religion by the Government,Šthese very provisions are now taken advantage of by the papacy to crowd herself upon the Government and to take possession of it for her own pur-poses. THE Constitution of the United States declares that " no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification for any office or position of trust under the Gov-ernment." The papacy takes advantage of this to get her agents into every office or position of trust that is possible, and then uses all the opportunities of that office or position to favor the papacy and to give her fuller hold upon the Government. And just as soon as any exposure of it is made she raises the cry of " persecution " and of " bringing religion into politics!" And as certainly as any opposition is at-tempted she denounces it as " a violation of the Constitution " by making " a reli-gious test" a qualification for office! AGAIN, the Constitution says that, "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibit-ing the free exercise thereof." The pa-pacy takes advantage of this also to do whatever she pleases to crowd herself upon the Government in every possible way, knowing that she can never be inter-fered with because " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of re-ligion ! " And when any attempt is made on the part of anybody to interfere with her schemes, she raises the cry of " viola-tion of the Constitution," and " attacking religious liberty." Thus the very provi-visions of the Constitution, which were intended to protect the country and people from the domination of religion and Rome, are made the shelter under which Rome and her religion shall be made to dominate the country and people..  THIS is the grand discovery that Leo XIII. has made with reference to the Con-stitution of the United States. And this is one grand reason why Leo commands all Catholics in the United States to bear in. one hand the Catholic Bible and in the other the Constitution of the United States as they "go forward" on their great mission to bring their " country into im-mediate contact with that great secret of blessedness "Šthe Church of Rome. This is why Leo has such great love for the AmeriCan ConstitutionŠit prohibits any political or governmental interference with his mischievous and unconstitutional schemes. And professed Protestants have set the example of these encroachments of religion and the Church upon the Gov-ernment, and have actually joined hands with the papacy in the accomplishment of some of them. Having thus betrayed the Government to the papacy, they have robbed themselves of all power of protest, and have greatly increased the already great advantage of the papacy. THE secret of this great advantage that the papacy holds is that peculiar "policy " by which she can so fully and constantly " cause craft to prosper " in her hand. She is such a perfect mistress of every kind of deceitful invention that there is no kind of human working that can suc-cessfully contend with her. To attempt  to oppose her by any kind of crafty method, is not only to be so far just like her, but at the last to find yourself so far outdone in craftiness as to be made ashamed that you ever tried it, To at-tempt opposition to her now by any polit-ical or governmental method, even though it be right, is to find yourself at such an immense disadvantage as to make all such effort practically useless. And what is the use of putting forth strenuous efforts when every evidence demonstrates that they are only in vain. It is only exhaust-ing yourself for nothing. So we are brought again to the question, What shall be done ? Shall we sit still and do nothing ?ŠNo, no. We are to be more active, and do more than ever before. How then shall it be done ?ŠThere is one way to do it, and only one. That is with the Word of God, the everlasting gospel. This method gives to him who employs it every advantage of position and of power over the papacy and all her workings. It gives every advantage in position, because the papacy knows nothing of the gospel, and in contending with him who uses that method only she is all at sea. It gives every advantage in power, because the gospel itself is the power of God, and in contending with him who depends upon the power of God and is allied to it only, the papacy is impotent. This is the true Christian way, this is the true Protestant way, to oppose the papacy; and in this way there is no such thing as defeat or failure; for what seems to be failure is victory, and what appears to be defeat is triumph. This has been clearly and abundantly proved in history. This is true of the time of Luther and the rise of Protestantism. So long as Protestants held faithfully to the gospel alone and depended only upon its power, the papacy which then possessed all the power of Europe, was powerless before them. Martin Luther, the chief and leader of the opposition to the papacy in that day, was personally attacked with all the power, cunning, and craft, of the papacy; by the published decree of the emperor in behalf of "holy church," he was outlawed in all Europe, and everybody was com-manded, under penalty of treason, to take him and deliver him up, and receive the 