340 SlOINP/C9IINTELA., VoL. 9, No. 43. for his family in his own good way. As it was reported that the imprisoned man did not relish surrendering his conscience by paying an unjust fine, 'it was decided to send the money direct to the clerk of the court at Dresden, and, without con-sulting the prisoner, pay the fine. This was done, and the man had no alternative but to go free, and he gladly did so under the circumstances, feeling much the same as though an angel had opened the door of the prison. This was not all. The same mail which transmitted the check to the clerk in pay-ment of the fine, carried another check for a liberal amount, to the released man, to start him anew in life, and to return him to his wife and four children who were being punished the same as the con-victed man, by his imprisonment. This is a remarkable instance of the ex-tending of aid by the Jews to a Christian, in trouble through religious persecution, and has many pleasant features growing out of the liberal and the kindly expressions that were contained in the letters remit-ting the sums of money that went to make up the contributions, and in the corres-pondence relative to the releasing of the man. Not among the least was the letter of thanks from the released man to the editor of the American Hebrew, for the great act of kindness so Christianly done. Surely it is a good thing to see brethren of varying faith united in the common cause of humanity and doing these broad-minded and manly deeds.ŠDaily Press, Plainfield, N. J., Oct. 6. Alexander Campbell Against Sunday Laws. [In 1,820 there was organized in West Middletown, Washington Co., Pa., a society, called the West Mid-dletown Moral Society. The principal object of the society was to enforce the Pennsylvania Sunday law of 1794, which is still on the statute books of the State. This Moral Society was organized by the United Presbyterians, the same people who, later in 1863, organized the National Reform Association. Alex-ander Campbell, the founder of the Christian or Dis-ciple Church, ably opposed the society in a series of articles published in the Reporter, of Washington, county seat of Washington County. His articles were signed Candidus." A United Presbyterian minister, by the name of Wylie, attempted to defend the society, and signed himself " Timothy." The discussion con-tinued from Apri117, 1820, the date of Mr. Campbell's first article, to February 22, 1822, during which time alMost every phase of the compulsory Sunday law question was treated. As a result the Moral Society perished, not to appear again until 1863 when it was revived by the same denominadrion under the name, National Reform Association. Every word of Mr. Campbell's invincible logic and withering denuncia-tion is applicable to the association, resuscitated under the name, National Reform Association, and kindred organizations, such as the American Sabbath Union, the Pennsylvania Sabbath Association, etc.] I HAVE no idea of pronouncing unquali-fied censures on the judge's address.* As a citizen of respectability, and as a presi-dent of a civil court, he is entitled to re-spect; and, although I may conceive that there are some defects in his knowledge of the subject on which he writes, I am con-strained to respect the benevolence and goodness of intention that seems to have dictated his remarks. With far the greater part of his observations I heartily concur, but I must beg leave to dissent from some things he has said from a con-viction that they are not accordant with the letter or spirit of Christianity. Many things may appear rational and religious and be highly esteemed amongst men that are not esteemed nor commended by the * Mr, Campbell here refers to opinions expressed by Judge Rush, of Pennsylvania, which were put forward by the moral, soclet!oS sgamst his posmoR. author of the Christian faith. The whole Bible is a comment upon this. In number one of the judge's address on the " Institution of the Sabbath," he says many excellent things on the nature and inevitable consequences of vice and immo-rality, both as they affect this life and that which is to come. True it is, indeed, that " righteousness exalteth a nation, but sin is a reproach to any people." The judge unhappily weakens the force of his own remarks by applying them to support a law which is not compatible with pure virtue and pure morality. This I shall attempt to exhibit in the sequel. He tells us that one clause of the law on which he comments, passed in the year 1794, " prohibits all worldly employment on Sunday, except works of necessity and charity," " and a proviso of the same law authorizes preparation of necessary food," etc., also the sale of the necessaries of life before nine in the morning and after five in the afternoon in our public markets. My objections to this are the following: 1st. Because it is intended to compel all citizens, without respect to any con-scientious conviction, to observe a day in one sense only, by abstaining from indus-trial employments which in some instances only facilitates the commission of crime and greatly increases those very vices and immoralities which the judge himself be-wails. To instance this, I will only men-tion one fact known to many, viz., that hundreds of men, nay thousands, commit more sin in being compelled to refrain from the daily business of life on this day than they do on any other day of the week. The wagoner, so often fined for driving his team on this day, ninety-nine times in every hundred, spends the day worse in lying by than in traveling. 2nd. It tends to oppress the consciences of some who conscientiously observe the seventh, and cannot conscientiously ob-serve the first day; such as Jews and Seventh-day Baptists. 3rd. The obedience which the law con-strains is neither pleasing to God nor profitable to men. The man who observes the first day merely because the law requires him, performs not that kind of obedience which flows from the heart, and consequently it is with him an unwilling.  service. 4th. The law itself is unjust, inasmuch as it is partial. It consults the taste and voluptuousness of the genteel folks in large cities, by allowing them to go to market morning and evening to buy such things as may satisfy their craving appe-tite, while it would fine the poor farmer for saving his harvest, or gathering the labors of the year, a work of much . greater importance than buying and sell-ing fresh oysters, melons, leeks, and onions, or a fresh beefsteak before ser-mon, or even after they return from wor-ship. A fifth objection I have to the law com-mended by the judge is that the law itself is on its own principles lame, because it does not secure anything to the interests of even common religion or morality, be-cause that while it prohibits many from industry allowable on all other days, it allows them to spend the day reading newspapers, writing letters of business or amusement, talking politics, or speculat-ing upon any carnal or temporal topic. This I say it allows because its jurisdic-tion extends not to such things, but merely to overt acts on the highway or in the aeld, These are, with me, insuperable objec-tions to the whole system of civil interpo-sition to sanctify the first day of the week. As the main drift of the judge's address was to recommend and enforce the above law, it detracts from the merits of his good observations, and makes them sub-servient to an unjustifiable end. I must here add that I cannot advocate any sys-tem of coercion in religion, nor anything that even looks like it, believing that every such system is a vain attempt, to substitute a formal and mock obedience for an honest, sincere and devout regard to the institutes of Christianity. Far be it from my intention, and from my re-marks to weaken the attachment of all true Christians to the observance of the first day of the week according to the Christian institutes. It is and it has long been a maxim with me that he cannot be a Christian who does not regard and sanc-tify the first day of the week to the Lord.' But it is absurd with me to compel men to pay regard to the first day of the week who do not acknowledge and feel their obligation to Him whose day it is, as to compel men to sit down at the communion table and pay a mock regard to the death of Christ. And I must add my convic-tion, that all those whose regard to it in any shape is compulsory, would be better employed in plowing or reaping, in plant-ing or building, than in yielding a forced respect to it. It is a fact worthy to be noticed, that no prophet or apostle, no inspired man in Old or New Testament times, ever dropped a word against Sabbath-breakers amongst any other nation than the Jews.' Amongst all the sins that proved the ruin of Sodom and Gomorrah, Babylon and Nineveh; Greece and Rome, that of Sabbath-profa-nation is never mentioned. Nor was it until Constantine married the Church and the State that a civil law was passed re-quiring from all ranks and degrees of men, a civil respect to this institution. I could here transcribe the first law pub-lished' on the subject, were it necessary for my purpose, and from facts incontro-vertibly prove that formality and hypoc-risy began from that very day to stalk abroad with shameless aspect. I have often observed that when men become advocates for any unscriptural and irrational practice in religion, it is to be traced to something fundamentally wrong in their doctrinal views of religion, and therefore I fear that the judge in the fol-lowing remark too much countenances a system anti-evangelical in its tendency. He says that " nothing but a life of piety and obedience to the laws of heaven will procure final happiness beyond the grave," and " that meekness, charity and forgive-ness are indispensable conditions of obtain-ing our own forgiveness." If such were the judge's views of the ground and con-dition of a sinner's admission into heaven, 1  Of course the readers of the SENTINEL will understand that we do not agree with Mr. Campbell that Sunday is the Lord's day. The marvel is that so candid and able a man should have entertained such an idea. However, the Sabbath question was not then so prominently before the world as it is now; God having, as appears from prophecy., reserved it as the final test of loyalty to himself. But the fact that Mr. Campbell did believe Sunday to be the Lord's day is significant in this con-nection as showing that his opposition to Sunday laws was not due to opposition to Sunday as a so-called Christian institution, but rather the contrary, that is because of his regard for it. 2  We do not by this understand Mr. Campbell to teach that all men who did not keep the Sabbath were not guilty of the sin of Sabbath-breaking, but that they were not charged with that simply because the Sabbath being a spiritual institution. it can be kept only by those who are spiritual, and the first duty of all men is to yield themselves to God, become spirit-. ual, and thus be in a condition to keep the Sabbath. The Sab-bath was made for man, that is, for tne race; but it was made before the fall, and was, primarily, for the race in its unfallen condition. To receive the blessing there is in the Sabbath man must be created anew in Jesus Christ.ŠEraroas Ssza.num. 