ME AMERICAN SENTINEL. 293 that? and how much real rest is there in it if they did, especially for the tired mother who has scarcely been out of the house for a week, and for the children who desire nothing so much as a breath of fresh air and a sight of the trees and fields? But it is said, "Let the whole family go to church." A good suggestion certainly; but sup-pose they do not wish to go to church? Who has the right to so hedge them about with re-strictive laws that they will be compelled either to go to church or spend the entire day at home, or on the street, or at least within easy walking distance of home? Would not the effect of such laws be to shut the tired wife and mother up at home week after week, to put the children on the streets at least one day in the week, and send the husband and father to spend the day in some secret drinking resort? But why pursue the subject further ? The real purpose of Sunday laws is not to benefit the work-ing people but to exalt and honor the day as a religious institution, and to compel people to at-tend church by closing as far as possible every avenue of pleasure. In fact this purpose has been boldly avowed more than once by the friends of Sunday laws. Sabbath-keeping is good, and religion is good, but °inbreed idleness is not Sabbath-keeping neither is it religion, nor is it conducive to true religion. C. P. BOLLMAN. The Image of the Papacy. THE Christian Nation of August 14 gave a re-port of the Prohibition Convention for Allegheny County, Penn. The first two resolutions read as follows:Š Resolved, r. That the prohibitionists of Allegheny County, in convention assembled, recognize the Lord Jesus Christ as the rightful sovereign of our State and Nation, in conformity with whose most holy charac-ter and will all our laws ought to be made. Resolved, 2. That we are in favor of a most conscien-tious and scriptural observance of the Sabbath as ab-solutely essential to the welfare of society and the preservation of the State. This goes to the full length of that the Na-tional Reformers themscelves propose. To make the Saviour the sovereign of either the State or the Nation is but to make the Governor of the State or the President of the Nation only the rep-resentative, the vicegerent of Christ in the chair of State, to execute his will upon the sub-jects of the State or Nation. When he should speak, therefore, he would speak as the viceger-ent of Christ; and for anybody to doubt would be to be damned, and for anybody to refuse as-sent would be to be guilty of the highest crime. Between the Papacy and such a system as that there would be not the shadow of a difference. It would be a living likeness of the Papacy itself. The second resolution, as regards a more con-scientious and scriptural observance of the Sab-bath, is an excellent resolution, but when it makes the object of it only the welfare of society and the preservation of the State, it takes away - from the Sabbath both its conscientious and its scriptural sanctions, and to propose the observ-ance of the Sabbath for such an object is only to propose the violation of the Sabbath. And above all, when such observance is being secured by enforcement of law, and human law at that, the evil element in the proposition is vastly in-creased. Nor is the State convention much be-hind the Allegheny County convention in this  matter. The platform, as adopted by the State convention and reported in the Voice of Sept 5, "acknowledges Almighty God as the source of all power and authority in human government." The third plank declares,Š" The Sabbath must be preserved by the due enforcement of existing laws, and the speedy enactment of such additional legislation as may be necessary to insure its due observance." It also indorses the platform of the National Prohibition Party adopted at In-dianapolis, May 30, 1888. That same copy of the Voice advocates the abolition of the liquor traffic because it is sin and argues for prohibition upon that basis. This is all of a piece. The Alleghany County resolutions, the State platform, and the editorial of the Voice are each but parts of one stupendous whole which embodies the movement to relig-iously amend the Constitution ; turn this republic into a theocracy, after the express image of the Papacy ; and to enforce the observance of the day established by that counterfeit theocracyŠin fact it contains the very elements of the mys-tery of iniquity. Therefore the third party Prohibition party should be uncompromisingly opposed by every man who loves either Christian-ity or civil government. The Sunday Question Again. TIM meetings held in this city last Sunday in the interest of the Sunday Union and addressed by Mr. Crafts, its field secretary, were not largely attended nor very enthusiastic. We attended the one held at the Methodist Church and listened to the rambling discourse, and consider that Mr. Crafts made not a single strong argu-ment for any proposition he made. His remarks regarding the AMERICAN SENTINEL, of Oakland, were, to say the least, out of place and not in good taste. He seems to think he can dodge this issue by throwing upon the opposition the opprobrious epithet of "Seventh-day A dventists." The statement that the opposition to the move-ment to make Sunday a national Sabbath by leg-islative enactments is almost wholly confined to the small sect called Seventh-day Adventists, and that it is a question of Saturday or Sunday Sab-bath is false and dishonest in origin and purpose. Millions of American citizens who are not inter-ested in this theological contention about which is the "authorized" Sabbath, are deeply and earnestly interested in preserving this Nation a nestor of religious toleration and libertyŠthe principle that makes the American flag the pro-tector of every one in this country in the exercise of his own judgment in matters of ecclesiastical belief and religious observances, and "in worship-ing God," or in not worshiping anything, "under his own vine and fig tree, according to the dic-tates of his own conscience," and none dare "make him afraid." Mr. Crafts is anxious to shut up all kinds of business on Sunday so that all may have a fair and even start on Monday morning at taking in the earnings of the "poor laborers." Will Mr. Crafts and his brother priests lay off on Sunday and not take up the usual collection until Mon-day to give other business men a chance? This matter of spending money, by laborers, in sa-loons on Sunday can be readily changed in one of two ways. First, abolishing the holiday-Sunday altogether as a day of idleness and the very hot-bed of crime and harvest-clay of the " Devil," and treating all days alike and treating men in the same manner on all days; or second,  employers making Monday pay-day instead of Saturday. Either of these will work like a charm. How would it do for Mr. Crafts to take some of his own medicine? He argues that there is a natural as well as a moral reason for keeping one day in seven as a day of rest, and yet he declares that he has for some time been violating this law of nature by traveling about the country so that he spends each and every Sunday in a different city. He travels or speaks every day of the seven, and he might set a good example as well as be consistent by confining his " work " for this cause to the six working days of the week, and resting on Sunday in compliance with "the laws of nature, of morality, and of God," which he says, consecrate it to REST.--The Silver Gate (San Diego), August 31. Ł  Sound Speech. AT the Missouri State Sunday Convention last May, when the constitution was presented for adoption, the first article of which reads as fol-lows, " The object of this association shall be to preserve the Christian Sabbath, or Lord's day, as a day of rest and worship," Elder It. C. Porter made the following speech. It is a good speech. It is not often that such speeches are made in Sunday-law Conventions :Š As a member of the convention adopting this constitution, I would like to say a word with reference to the principles that I would like to see incorporated in the constitution to be adopted. I cannot quite agree with the sentiments ex-pressed in the first article of the constitution which has been submitted, which says that " the object of this association shall be to preserve the Christian Sabbath, or Lord's day, as a day of rest and worship." Now, in a certain sense I can quite agree with that. I am in favor of individ-uals who believe in the first day of the week be-ing the Lord's day, or the Christian Sabbath, us-ing all the influence they can from the persuasive standpoint to accomplish that object; and in that sense I can agree with it; but inasmuch as I can see that it reaches_ beyond that, and the object will be to enforce by law the observance of the day as a Sabbath expressed in this first article of the constitution, I could not agree with that. In the first place, one reason why I could not agree with it is from the fact that the principle under-lying the object to be accomplished is not the right principle. As it is stated here in this arti-cle, it is said to be the Lord's day. Yesterday I made a statement that we should render unto Cwsar the things that are Cv,sar's, and to God the things that are God's, according to the declaration of the Saviour. If it is the Lord's day, as this article of the constitution de-clares, 'We ought not to have the State to cause us to resider that to Caesar. But each individual should be made to feel that it was his obligation to render it to God by persuasion, and not by force. Therefore the principle upon which we stand with reference to this subject is the princi-ple of education and persuasion, and not to ac-complish this object by force of law. I would heartily agree with the principle to persuade men, as far as in us lies, to respect God's Sabbath. There is a division among us as to which day is the Lord's day. The Seventh-day Adventists and the Seventh-day Baptists have been referred to as standing aloof from the object of this move-ment. We heartily agree with the idea of each 