AUGUST 29, 1895. A.NIMEEICA.N SIETVTINIELlo 267 They are working days; it is the sacred rest day. Eze. 46: 1. This distinction we are commanded to pre-serve. In the words of Dent. 5: 12, we are to " keep the Sabbath day to sanctify it." To sanctify means to make separate, or distinct, from surrounding things. This definition is based upon Scripture. When the Lord was about to come down in his majesty upon Mount Sinai and proclaim his law in the presence of the assembly of Israel, he gave directions to Moses concerning the mount, telling him, " Thou shalt set bounds unto the people round about, saying, Take heed to yourselves, that ye go not up into the mount, or touch the border of it: whosoever toucheth the mount shall be surely put to death." And afterwards Moses, allud-ing to the same, said, " The people cannot come up to Mount Sinai, for Thou chargedst us, Set bounds about the mount, and sanctify it." Ex. 19:12, 23. Another illustration is furnished in the nar-rative of God's meeting with Moses at the burning bush. As Moses turned to behold the bush, God said to him, " Draw not nigh hither: put off thy shoes from off thy feet, for the place whereon thou standest is holy ground." Ex. 3: 5. Mount Sinai, while it was the abode of God, was sanctified,Šset apart from the country about it, by the bounds placed around it, through which the people were not permitted to pass. The ground about the burning bush was likewise set apart from other ground, being made holy by the presence of God. By being thus separated or set apart, it was sanc-tified. To sanctify the Sabbath, therefore, we must keep it separate, or distinct, from other days. It has been made so by the act of God, and this distinction we must preserve. Hence, while we are to regard the Sabbath as a sacred rest day, we mast also regard the other days as working days. And this precludes us from regarding Sunday as a rest day. Therefore it is utterly impossible to keep the Sabbath holyŠto sanctify itŠwhile mak-ing a weekly rest day of Sunday. To make Sunday a rest day, is to break in upon the distinction which pertains to the Sabbath. To keep the Sabbath commandment, we must regard the first six days as working days, as well as rest upon the seventh. Let no one then assert that the law of the State commanding the observance of Sunday is not of a nature to interfere with the keep-ing of the seventh-day Sabbath. It is directly contrary to the fourth precept of God's law, and forces upon every observer of that precept whom it reaches, the question whether he shall render obedience to God or to man? RIGHTEOUSNESS BY STATUTE. THE World, of the 16th inst., thus con-trasts New York's policy with that pursued in Chicago If there is anything which the city of New York can do in the way of aiding the mayor of Chicago to make government easier and better in the western city, it ought to do it. We owe him a debt of gratitude for having expressed in just thirteen short words a doctrine that is at the present time of vital importance to New York. Mayor Swift says: " Out in Chicago we don't think men can be made righteous by statute." The opinion of New York is identical with that of Chicago. The difference between the two places is that in Chicago the authorities, recognizing the impossibility of mak-ing men " righteous by statute," do not attempt the impossible, whereas in New York a young police com-missioner, clothed with the novelty of power, acts on the theory that he can make men righteous by statute, although he would probably admit as a matter of fact  that such an achievement was impossible even for a police commissioner. But Chicago is not consistent in the stand it has taken, as is witnessed by the fact that while it cannot make men " righteous by statute," to the extent of closing saloons on Sunday, the authorities of that city propose to make Seventh-day Adventists " righteous" by compelling them to cease work on that day. There is a vast deal of hypocrisy in both New York and Chicago. ARE BAPTISTS DRIFTING ? BY G. D. BALLO U. ' THIS stanch denomination that has so many years stood for the defense of liberty has just held its National Baptist Young People's Union Association here in the city of Balti-more. It began July 18th and closed' the 21st. In their honor flags floated from thou-sands of windows, and banners of " Welcome to N. B. Y. P. U. A." were conspicuous, and all the leading denominations flung wide their doors and their hearts to entertain the strangers from abroad, and nearly every pulpit in the city, except Roman Catholic, was filled on Sunday by a Baptist. Hundreds of dollars were spent in beautifying the grounds and the great pavilion about 200 by 325 feet. State delegates were present from the Pacific Coast and every part of the country; in all 6,559 delegates were enrolled. Dr. Wharton, said to be the most eloquent and popular Bap-tist preacher in Maryland, delivered an address of welcome on behalf of the Baptist young people of Baltimore, which contains some things I wish to put alongside of the resolu-tions passed the next day that will, I think, make very interesting Baptist history. Here is the extract:Š The Baptists stand upon eternal principles. They believe in the Bible pure and simple from the first verse in Genesis to the last word in Revelation. They stand for liberty civil and religious, and the sacred institutions God-given and blessed. They honor the sabbath, they believe in the everlasting separation of Church and State; they do not believe in the red hat, but they do believe in the little red school-house. We welcome you as young people; it is the young people's day. In all the avenues of trade, of business, of pro-fession, the young men and women are at the front; in religion, in politics, and trade. We wave our hats and bid you welcome. We want your life in our churches. There has been too much stagnation. Westminster Abbey buries her people in the aisles of the church: we are content to have our dead sit in the pews. Life is what we want, and life more abund-antly for which Jesus came into the world. Young men and women, go stand in the valley of dry bones and prophesy unto them while you beseech heaven to breathe upon the lifeless ones. Your energy, young people, is what is needed. When men go hunting and fishing they seek the game, and the youngest and most active are ordinarily most successful. It is your mission to go out in the highways and hedges and compel them to come in, to stand in the stream and fish and hunt the game, start it afloat and pursue it until death ; yes, until it is dead to this world and all things in it, and alive for evermore to Jesus Christ and his cause. A live man is better than a dead nation. The salt has lost its savor, the light has well nigh gone out. We look to you, God bless you, to sieze the flag now falling from the nerveless grasp of the feeble, faltering church, and rush forth to con-flict and to victory. This animating and arousing address was cheered again and again; but what in the name of liberty does it all mean when inter-preted in the light of the following resolu-tions, every one of which was cheered to the echo and unanimously adopted the next day:Š We, the Baptist Young People's Union of America, in convention assembled, recognize the first day of the week as the Lord's day, and as the day set apart by the laws of the land as the day of weekly rest from secular toil. We will, by example and influence, seek to promote  a better observance of the day as the day of rest and worship. And that to this end we will use all proper means to secure the enforcement of the Sunday laws. To discourage the publication and circulation of the Sunday newspapers, the running of Sunday excur-sions, and the opening of places of public amusement, contrary to the law. There was another resolution aimed against prize-fighting, and these were all the resolu-tions passed; and this reveals the object of this conventionŠto boom the Sunday law crusade. Let us consider a few statements by Dr. Wharton, in comparison with the spirit of these resolutions. "The Baptists stand on eternal'Onciples; they believe in the Bible pure' and simple; " and yet they adopt the corrupt principles and practices of the Middle Ages by proclaiming Sunday to be the Lord's day, and pledging themselves to help enforce this dogma of their religion upon their fellow-men, under civil pains and penalties. And all this in face of the fact that Dr. Hiscock, of New York,' the author of their church manual, only lait winter showed them that there was no divine authority for SundayŠthat it is not in the Bible. " They stand for liberty civil and religious;" and yet pledge themselves to " use all proper means " to see that laws are enforced which will send to prison Christian Sabbath-keep-ers and others simply and solely because they differ from them about Sunday observ-ance. " They honor the sabbath." How? By calling it "Jewish;" saying it is abolished, trampling it under foot and engaging to en-force the precept of a rival institution which a large number of their leading men know " was always only a human ordinance; " by helping to send men who keep the ancient Sabbath to prison or causing them to pay fines; in these ways they do dishonor the Sabbath that Jesus and every holy man of old sacredly observed, and thus do they cast contempt on the Lord of the Sabbath. " They believe in the everlasting separation of Church and State " (i. e., the Roman Cath-olic Church and State; is not that right?). But they pledge themselves again to help the State enforce the Sunday sabbath upon all people, that the Baptist Church and her kin-dred sisters and their mother Rome may, have their Sunday sabbath honored and their church work made more easy. Is this separation be-tween Church and State, when the State makes a law enforcing religious dogma and the church pledges herself to help sustain the law? Shades of consistency, are they gone mad? Jer. 51 : 7, furnishes the only consistent ex-planation. " They do not believe in the red hat, but they do believe in the little red school-house." They do not believe in the principle of Rome asserting her power to rule, but they do be- lieve in Protestants making use of the civil arm to sustain what they call the truth, and thus keep their churches in the ascendancy. They forget that " they that take the sword shall perish with the sword," and they cannot see that they are moved by the same principle and spirit that actuated RomeŠ" We must sustain our church and our religion by the civil arm." An appeal to civil power in matters of religion means the use of force in spiritual, things, and this is not the religion of Jesus (see John 12: 47, 48), nor of the Baptists of other days. They talk about the life that is in Jesus, but their perverted appetites do not crave the water of life. It is the wine of Babylon that best suits their perverted religious taste, and 