162 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. voted. This has occurred many times. Such votes are almost always "unani-mous,"Šon paper;Ševen when a few have the courage of their convictions and vote against the "petition." Then, as THE SENTINEL has explained before, a petition for the same thing is presented before different organizations having largely the same membership, so the same persons are counted again and again. For instance, Mrs. A is a mem-ber of a church. The pastor presents the petition, and it is, of course, adopted by unanimous voteŠof those present, Mrs, A is not present but is counted as one of the several hundred members represented by the petition. The same lady is also a teacher in the Sunday school; the super-intendent presents the petition, which is adopted, and Mrs, A. is counted again together with her several children. But that does not end the matter. Mrs. A is also a member of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, and is counted again in that. Then the State Conference or Asso-ciation of the denomination of which she is a member meets; again she is counted. Then comes the General Conference, or Assembly, or Synod of the same denom-ination, and again this much counted individual helps to swell the number of petitioners. Is it any wonder that under the new method of petitioning Michigan and Ohio were enabled to furnish between one and two million more petitioners than the entire population of the two States? Is not the whole system a pious fraud? History About to Repeat Itself. THE Methodist General Conference, at Omaha, appointed a special committee on the World's Columbian Exposition. This committee brought in a report in which it said : " Better that the Columbian Expo-sition never be opened than that the gates be opened on Sunday." The committee expressed itself as favoring the appropria- tion of Government funds for the uses of the Exposition, provided only the gates were to be closed. on Sunday, but if the gates were to be opened on Sunday, the committee asked the Conference to throw the whole weight of its influence to defeat further congressional appropriations to the Exposition. These suggestions met with the unanimous favor of the Confer-ence. Several enthusiastic speeches were made supporting them, and there was not a dissenting voice heard. The commit-tee recommended the sending of telegrams upon this question to the President, and to Congress. The telegrams were sent, and the record of the dispatch to Con-gress appears thus, in the Congressional Record :Š The Chair lays before the Senate a telegram in the form of a petition, which will be read. The telegram was read and referred to the Com-mittee on the Quadro-Centennial (Select), as follows : Omaha, Neb., May 10, 1892. The Honorable the Vice-President, United States Senate : We are instructed to communicate through you to the Senate of the United States, the adoption this day of the following resolution:Š `The General Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church, here assembled, representing two and one-half million members and ten million adherents, heartily approves of the Columbian Exposition and the World's Fair appropriation bill now pending before Congress, providing expressly that the appropriation by Congress shall be conditioned on closing the Exposition on Sunday." Sent by order of the Conference. THOMAS H. PEARNE, Chairman Committee on Columbian Exposition. JAMES T. EDWARDS, Secretary of Committee. There are many things about this reso-lution and the manner of sending it, with accompanying eireumstances, that are  worthy of remark. In the first place, the method : It is that of one governing power treating With another: it is the method of diploinatie coniiinunidation be,; tweet' independent 'sowers. Aii iS81.1023 has been reached)  and here one power Vouch-safes the other, officiallh and in dire ferns;  an unequivocal statement of its illtinta,  tum, It is couched in tliploitkatiO Style; and form, and arrangement of th'otight, With suave show of courtesy it first omits its most gracious and hearty approval as a prelude to the Stateinent of the express previso upon which that approval is con-ditioned. This treating power calmly points to its twelve and a half millions of subjects, and proceeds to dictate to the President and the Senate of the United States;  with an appearance of certainty that its approval is necessary to govern= mental action, and that its condition lutist -be accepted, such as lutist send the thrill of a new experience,, through the diplo-matic nerve of the tiovernment. It has been left to the Creneral Conference of- the Methodist Episcopal Church, in session at Omaha, Neb., to coolly patronize the President and Senate of the United States, express its approval upon condition, and dictate its terms. This incident, originating as it has, for the purpose which it champions, and in a religious body which has signalized its present session with the most remarkable exhibitions of political intrigue and ambi-tion for place and preference which has yet shown itself under the cover of reli-gion in this country, is more than remark-able. It is prophetic. And that of which it is prophetic can be learned by reading history. It is prophetic of a repetition of history. W. H. M. If Not, Why Not? IN the Washington Evening Star, of May 11, a contributor, signing himself " Citizen " has the following:Š Your paper seems to be the medium for reaching the greatest number of people in the District, and you have already advocated the icemen's cause. Will you not go still further and include grocery men and their clerks ? I am informed that gro-ceries are kept open Sunday mornings till nearly noon. The subject was brought to my notice by a clerk, who said, in reply to a question, that he could not attend church Sunday morning, as it was too late after closing the store. Is there not a law requir-ing them to be closed ? If not, why not? To " Citizen's " question, " Is there not a law requiring them to be closed ?" the answer might be given that the general law in reference to Sunday labor, in Maryland, enacted in 1723, and afterward embodied in the laws of the District of Columbia, has never been repealed. If it was ever good law, it is good law now. If it was ever worthy of enforcement, it is now just as valid and just as worthy of enforcement as then. That the penalty is affixed in pounds of tobacco instead of the currency of the country does not in-validate the law in the least. There are decisions which cover just such cases as that. This is the law :Š And be it enacted, That no person whatsoever shall work or do any bodily labor on the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday, and that no person having children, servants or slaves, shall command, or wittingly or willingly suffer any of them to do any work or labor on the Lord's day, (works of necessity and charity always excepted), nor shall suffer or permit any children, servants, or slaves, to profane the Lord's day by gaming, fishing, fowl-ing, hunting, or unlawful pastimes or recreations; and that every person transgressing this act, and being thereof convict by the oath of one klutficieiat  witness COnfession of the party before a single Magistrate, shall forfeit two hundred point& of tobacco, to be levied and applied as aforesaid, This law has never formally been re-pealed. Why has it hot been enforced Because the sound sense of the bend", and bar, and petiplei  has recognized the tact that the la* is an andaronism,Šthat it is an tiiiwarrantable survival of WAS-itoi-oliition. and ante-Constitution (Tays. It haS beeti ditni recognized heretofore that no legislative body had any right to pass Such a law as this, and that, there-fore, it never was valid, and consequently never has been, and is not now enforce-able. It is just as good a law now as it ever has been since Congress assumed the municipal control of the District of Co-lumbia, and it is just as good a law as any law On that subject which Congress could pass now, for that is unconstitu-tional, and any similar laws passed now would also be unconstitutional. But the question of "Citizen" would perhaps cover grocery stores only. There is no law for the especial purpose of closing grocery st ores on Sunday. Why not ? For the same reason that there is, and can be, no enforceable general law on the same subject constitutionally passed and enforced under the authority of Congress. For the same reason the ice bill can not become a law. The general law, which would be the only proper form in which to state the legislation, is outside the sphere of congressional action com-pletely. These individual bills are noth-ing but dividing that general act into as many separate laws as there are industries, interests, and modes and forms of labor, and diversion, practiced and engaged in throughout the District. Is it a fact that " Citizen " and other advocates of this impossible legislation are really earnestly desirous of securing legislation which shall ameliorate the condition of those who now work seven days in the week ? Why do they not then propose proper legislation to that end ? Why do they not propose a bill which shall make six days a week's work and impose a penalty upon any employer that shall permit his employe to labor for him seven days consecutively ? leaving the re-ligious observance of a particular day en-tirely a matter of choice. Why not? W. H. M. The Statesman "Acknowledges the Corn." THE Christian Statesman of the 14th inst. has the following:Š THE AMERICAN SENTINEL (Seventh-day Adventist) has at last made a good point against the Christian Statesman, namely, that while it .condemns Sun-day newspapers it " actually advertises Sunday trains." On reading this, we turned to our adver-tising columns and were surprised to find in a rail-road schedule of trains, in an obscure foot note, "*Sunday," meaning Sunday trains. Thanks to "our friends, the enemy." Immediately on the discovery of this inconsistency- the directors voted it out. Will THE SENTINEL and the Investigator, and other papers that copied the criticism, be fair enough to say that the " ad " was put out as soon as our attention was called to its character? hope THE SENTINEL will continue its good work. We see like notices in the Mail and Express and religious and reform papers. We covet for others the benefits we have received ourselves. There is room for reform in the advertising columns of even the religious papers. We notice, for instance, that the Seventh-day Baptist Recorder advertises a rail-road running Sunday trains. Let us polish up the jewel of consistency for each other and, learn all we can from our foes. They are oftener truer than our flatterers. This is encouraging, and, so, gratifying.. 