 AMERICAN SENTINEL. 343  heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind. This is the first great commandment; and the second is like unto it, Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself. On these two commandments hang aŁll the law and the prophets." As therefore the law and the prophets hang, or de-pend, upon these two great commandments for their existence, and as the second commandment grows out of the first, and, further, as to love God is really to know him, it is perfectly plain that before a person can obey one single precept of Jehovah he must know him. By this too we may learn that all God's command-ments, finding their source in the love of God, are them-selves love, are given in love, and therefore constitute the "law of love" because "God is love." Now, as certainly as he who knows God loves God, so certainly will he keep the commandments of God. "For this is the love of God that we keep his commandments, and his commandments are not grievous." 1 John 5 :3. The same truth is expressed in Romans 13:10, " Love is the fulfilling of the law." Let it be clearly understood that love is not a substi-tute for obedience to the law of God as many people im-agine, but love is itself obedience to the law. There can be no obedience where there is no love; consequently when one disobeys any of God's commandments it is evidence that he does not love God. Now it is true that "we love because he first loved us." 1 John 4:19, R. V. Through what means was it possible for man to learn that God loved him, so that man could love back? Mankind, through sin, lost the knowledge of God. Not that he ceased to know that a Supreme Being ex-isted, but he ceased to know God as he really is. Sin has so distorted the mind of man that he cannot think straight, so far as the true knowledge of God is concerned, and so instead of having a correct conception as to the character of God, he has quite the reverse. Nor is this all. Sin is so deceitful that not only does it pre-vent one having a just conception of God, but it deceives the sinner in regard to its own nature, so that instead of his seeing that sin is "exceeding sinful" he regards it as being quite the reverse; he does not realize that sin is death. Rom. 6 :23. How, then, under these circumstances, can God give the sinner the truth so that he will know that God is love? Evidently by revealing himself as he really is. In no other way, than as he really is, could God reveal himself. God is truth, and he could not appear to be anything different from what he is. In thus revealing himself, God would also show what sin really isŠsimply death. But if that is all that would be accomplished by God's revela-tion of himself, it would not amount to anything so far as the sinner is concerned, excepting that it would show him how hopeless his condition is, and God himself would derive no particular benefit. There would be no love in that. But God is love; therefore, in revealing himself to the sinner, and showing him the true nature of sin, God would show him that there is a remedy for sinŠfor death. It will be obvious that the only remedy for death is life. But no created being has life in himself; God only has that. Therefore, the only remedy for sin and death is the life of GodŠin other words, God himself, for you can-not separate the life of God from God. He, then, would reveal himself to the sinner to the extent that he would give his lifeŠhimselfŠthat he would die for the sinner, and so deathŠmortalityŠwould be swallowed up by his life. 2 Cor. 5 : 4; 1 Cor. 15:54. That is love. "Hereby perceive we the love of God, because he laid down his life for us." This he did in Jesus Christ, and in this way he commends his love to us; for thus it is writ-ten, " God commendeth his love towards us, in that while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us." Rom. 5 :8. "In this was manifested the love of God toward us, because that God sent his only begotten Son into the world that we might live through him." "Herein is love, not that we loved God, but that he loved us, and sent his Son to be the propitiation for our sins." And thus " we have known and believed the love that God hath to us." "And we know that the Son of God is come, and hath given us an understanding that we may know him that is true, and we are in him that is true, even in his Son Jesus Christ. This is the true God and eternal life." Thus through Christ only can we know God; through him only can we know love; therefore through him only can we love God and our fellow-man. And as love is the fulfilling of the law,Šas "This is the love of God, that we keep his commandments," so it is the truth, a truth beyond the possibility of successful contradiction, that only through Jesus Christ can a soul obey a single com-mandment of God; and further it is the truth, also beyond the possibility of contradictionŁ, that he who accepts Jesus Christ, not only can, but will keep all the commandments of God. He will keep the fourth as wil-lingly as he will the other commandments. Would the society of Christian Endeavorers, -the American Sabbath Union, the W. T. C. U., and all other organizations who have the same object in view, have the people of this country keep the Sabbath? Then let them preach Christ and him crucified, and their efforts will be successful. Let thempreach the love of God, and it will be found that this is not only the strongest power, but the only power by which to secure obedience to the law of the Sabbath, or any other divine command. Ł  AMONG aŁ band of exiled Russian Protestants whose escape from the Caucasus was reported recently in the London papers, was an observer of the seventh-day Sab-bath. For such, bonds await in other lands than Russia; and so, when they had escaped to Roumania, writes a friend from that district, "they had hardly set foot in a free land, and mentioned the `glad tidings' in a Russian settlement there, when a Russian priest had our brother arrested on the charge of being a Russian spy." There is as much opposition to the keeping of God's commandements to-day as there ever was in the past. 