THE SENTINEL OF' L,IEERTVi. 781 possible, with closed carriages, but, I am not sure that ,I 'shall succeed- in finding. any." Againstthis General Botha protested, saying: , "'I sincerely regret to. see that the determination of myself..and burghers to persevere in the struggle for our independence: will- be avenged' by you on Our wives and children. Since-it' is'the-first'instance ''of this' kind known * * * in civilized Warfare,` nothing. ehe 'remains for me to do' but. to protest against your proposed intentions, it being against the principles of civilized warfare and extremely cruel to women-and children. It is especially cruel * * * to the wife of his honor, the State president, who, as you are aware, can not. travel without fear of losing her life."_ And this mode; of warfare, wherein the women and children were driven from their homes_ because the men _would not cease fighting, was inaugurated under a' general who was ":too. humane;" and' who ha,-been succeeded by'one who is at' least expected to be less humane; arid: yet the, world prides itself upon its Christian civilization which has done so much to' mitigate the horrors of war. B. THE FRIARS AND THE STARS AND STRIPES. , THE Catholic Mirror of December t gives promi-nence, to a letter from.a RomamCatbolic.-in 11 anila, descriptive of a "'grand. civic: andTeligio'us' parade " 'conducted there by the Dominican friars in honor of "our Lady of the Rosary." The writer lauds' the friarS in the highest -terms, and . does not. see why such a magnificent procession, whishŁ carrie.d six statues on which were over $200,000 worth, of' jewels and vestments, should: not ." forever' silence the critics of the Dominicans." The writer saysthat "'everybody that, is‚anybody, in Manila turned .out" to.,see the. procession; but he regrets.tha't it did not make the impression that was desiredon.the American commissioners, and ,on the officers of the. army and' navy. He_ believes.,..haw--ever; that-," these'.  object4essons to' those who have to set will no: do4t do away, with. much pre,ju-dieo against the .ft iari."' "The,stars; and stripes'," Ł he sayS. fUrther, ',mean liberty- of worship home and abroad; so those Ł who', are i.ts. champ,ions4lit see that, it is. not. defiled andtAat, the. friars'. may continue to work in 'these "What the"friare did4n- Manila-last Stitt, day they can do in any town in these islands. Let the stars,and stripesEfloatittecverytovim ancb. *  give protection to the friars, and all" will be peace and prosperity." From which it is evident, that the friars in the Philippines are supported by the Catholic authori-ties in America, and that from all indications the rule of the friars' is not likely to be curtailed under the sovereignty of the United, States. Incidentally the Mirror's correspondent touches on the system of justice that is in vogue in the islands, by mentioning that " the native' pastor of Malolos is now serving 'a, six year's sentence for be-ing an accomplice in the murder of a United States soldier. He was bound with ropes and led through the streets and country, places t'o prison in some is-land, where he and others are being starved by head-quarters' orders, until some information is obtained in reference to the crime for which he and they have been sentenced." (Italics ours.) In America they do not as yet starve criminals, and the finding of some information about the crime' precedes the sen-tencing and deportation of the prisoner to the jail. s. OP.  IT was stated at the late meeting of the Wiscon-sin Sunday Rest Day Association that some of the German churches in ,that State hold their regular services Sunday morning and attend picnics in the afternoon. KRUPP, the Gentian iron manufacturerWho'turn.s out the big:guns for. Emperor' William, the Sultan of Turkey, and whoever else has the cash to pay for them,'is said to be the largest employer' of labor in the world, having on his pay roll, Jan: .1, last, .41,75to men. It is significant, also, that this flourishing firm is engaged rather in supplying the implements of , war than those of, peace. Wars_ have always been moreorlesspopular, and, notwithstanding:ourprog, ress in civilization, there is no indicatiOn. of- any waning t h S.-popu lari 'Chicago News,. ONE FARE. FOR THE ROUND TRIP. THE Grand' Trunk Railway System will', run' its Annual Canadian ExcursiOn from Chicago on December E3.4  14, 15, and i6. Returning tickets *ill be good to leave destination until January' 5, rgan For- information as to rates and train serv-ice, apply to J. M. Burgis, G. P. and T. A., 249 SiŁ Clark Street, cor. Jackson' Boulevard, Chicago: 