ﬁIF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT. / JUDGE HIM NOT: FOR I CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAVE THE WORLD.ﬂ  Vol. 11, No. 45 NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 12, 1896. Price Three Cents.    american Sentinel, Published Weekly in Defense of Religious Liberty. 12r5For Further Particulars and Terms see Last Page. Entered at the New York Post-office. EDITOR, Ł Ł C. P. BOLLMAN. ASST. EDITOR,   L. A. SMITH. CHRISTIAN REFORM. CHRISTIA1 reform is distinguished from all other methods of reform in its possession of and operation through the divine agency of faith in Jesus Christ. This distinction is a vital one. It means that Christian reform not only operates through an agency infinitely above the hu-man, but that its results differ as widely in character from those which the human agency can effect. It means the product of the wis-dom and power of God in human life, as distinguished from that of the wisdom and power of man. Yet this broad distinction is one which very many fail to perceive, even among those who profess to know the power of the life of faith. This failure has marked the reform efforts of nominally Christian men through many centuries. Spiritual reforms have been undertaken by carnal means, and "reforms," which are altogether visionary and without foundation in the purposes of God, are sought to be put into effect. This is what we see in the events now transpiring around us. Christianity reforms the individual. It does this by eradicating the evil from his heart, putting upright desires and purposes in the place of all those which are carnal. And it deals with individuals only. Its mis-sion is to every individual on the earth, and having gone to all those, it can go no fur-ther. It can do no more for a nation than it can do by transforming the lives of the in-dividuals who compose the nation, as many of them as are willing to receive it. Of late the idea has come to be advocated in religious reform circles that the mission of Christianity is to the nation as well as to the individual. At the recent international con-vention of Christian Endeavor this idea found free expression, and was heard with no ap-pearance of dissent. The following extract  from an address by Rev. J. T. McCrory, on that occasion, will serve as an illustration:Š There was a time, not so long ago either, when the Cross was viewed almost exclusively in reference to the salvation of the individual. We looked at Cal-vary amid the shadows of the awful day and heard the sweet assurance given by the suffering Saviour to the dying thief, "This day shalt thou be with me in paradise," and were disposed to conclude that the whole meaning of that mysterious and merciful sac-rifice was summed up in the rescue of the individual sinner. We have taken that picture which brings tears to every eye that looks upon it, where the ship-wrecked woman clings to the cross standing there upon the rock where beat the billows of an angry sea, while the broken vessel is dashed madly upon the shore, as the full representation of the saving pur-poses of the Son of man. But our conception of his work and mission has been mightily enlarged. The conception now is, as the speaker pro-ceeded to explain, that the mission of Christ is not only to save individuals, but to become enthroned "in our national life." The mean-ing of this phrase he made clear by referring to the action of the Pilgrim Fathers, who, "in the cabin of the Mayflower, entered into that solemn compact setting forth that they had undertaken that perilous voyage for the purpose of planting a colony for the glory of God and the advancement of the Christian faith, and pledging themselves to frame civil institution with that end in view." It was thus, he asserted, that "Christ got practically into our national life" in the time of those first settlers; and it is in a similar way that he is to be "enthroned in our na-tional life" to-day. But Christ cannot be truly enthroned in our national life while at the same time he is not enthroned in the hearts of the people composing the nation; and there is no power in civil enactments to enthrone Christ in the heart. Only the power of God through faith can accomplish that. Reform by a change in the government, or through civil legislation, is of a different na-ture entirely holt that individual heart re-form which is necessary to an alliance with Christ. Reform in the government, or in legisla-tion, is accomplished by purely political means. Heart reform is accomplished only through individual acceptance of the sacrifice and merits of Jesus Christ. The soul clinging to the cross in earnest faith amidst the raging floods of evil, makes  an appropriate and beautiful picture; but a civil government clinging to the cross, would be a caricature having neither beauty nor meaning. Civil governments do not cling; they do not trust. They are invested with power to act for themselves, and they exercise that power for the accomplishment of every pur-pose they are designed to serve. Political reforms cannot go deep enough for the purposes of the gospel. Those pur-poses demand the reforming power of divine grace. The gospel invitation is to all indiv-iduals on the earth. The Spirit of God strives with every one, bidding each one walk in the light, be it greater or less, which God has given him; and whosoever will do this, will experience that reform which touches the fountain head of every thought and act. Nothing short of this will fit the heart to be the throne of Christ. Hence what the grace of God through the gospel cannot do toward the enthronement of Christ, cannot possibly be accomplished by any means whatever; for no other means of reform deals so thoroughly with a nation as to touch and affect the heart of every indiv-idual in it. The reforming power of civil legislation can certainly not succeed where grace fails. It cannot touch the heart at all. It is utterly useless and can have no mission at all in respect to those reforms contemplated by the gospel. More than this, these two reforming powers cannot be directed toward the accomplish-ment of the same purpose without antagoniz-ing each other. The effort to enthrone Christ in our national life by civil legislation not only can do nothing to further the work of divine grace upon the heart, but must come into conflict with it. This becomes evident when we consider the nature of civil government. In that govern-ment all are represented who are citizens under it. In its decisions each one must ac-quiesce, whatever may be his own political convictions. The deciding element is simply the will of the majority. But in religious conduct the only proper authority is the Word of God. And this Word, in order to control the conduct, must be received in faith, and this means the full consent of the individual will to God's will. Hence when civil government undertakes to 