AMERICAN SENTINEL. 643 For the churches to expect the nations not to make war, while still possessing the warring nature, is noth-ing but to argue that the people of the nations can change their own natures, can deliver themselves from themselves, and can be their own saviours. And that is nothing but for those churches to confess that they know of no change or deliverance from the warring na-ture to the peaceful one. And that in turn is for those churches to confess that in nature they are only like the warring nations; that in nature there is no distinction between the churches and the nations; and that there is essentially a union of the churches and the nations. But that is all wrong. There is an essential dis-tinction between the true church and any nation. And this because of the essential distinction between the na-tures. The nations are natural; the church is spiritual. The nations are human only; the church, though com-posed of human beings, is composed of human beings who are all partakers of the divine nature. The nations are of this world only; the church is not of this world. And being thus essentially distinct in their natures the church and the nations can never have any fellowship, anyiunion, nor any connection to any extent in any way whatever. And so, the church can and does tell to the nations that while it is true that war is wrong, yet the only way that they can ever be free from war is to be freed from the warring nature, and made partakers of the divine nature of the God of peace as manifested in the Prince of peace. The only way is for each one to be born again, to be born from above, to be translated into the king-dom of God's dear Son, which kingdom is "righteous-ness, and peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost." A. T. J. Sunday Laws and Church Attendance. Do WE need Sunday laws in order that the American workingman may be able to get the physical rest that he needs, and an opportunity which he would gladly improve if he had it, to attend Sunday church services? That we do, is the impression studiously fostered by most of those working for reform in Sunday observance. But a different view is taken by a leading daily paper of this city, which we commend as being in harmony with reason and the testimony of observed facts:Š "The Rev. Dr. Hillis, of Plymouth Church, in Brook-lyn, explains the disposition to avoid chufch services on Sunday by attributing it to the 'tremendous pressure of work,' we Americans being 'extremists in all respects.' Why, then, are we not extremists in church going? "The talk about Americans overworkingthemselves, however, is nonsense. They work no harder than other people, Frenchmen, Germans, or Englishmen, and they now take more rest from labor than ever before. There are more holidays, the hours of work have been short- ened and half of Saturday is a time of rest preparatory to Sunday. "If people do not go to church as much as formerly their neglect of divine worship is not excusable on the ground that they are now too tired to go, and we are surprised that a Christian minister should suggest it in behalf of the delinquents, for even if it was true that they are worked too hard during the week that would not be a valid excuse for their disregarding a religious duty. The truth, however, is that the very churches which are most crowded on Sundays are those frequented by the hardest workers, so far as physical labor goes. "Apart from positive illness when people stay away from church it is not because they are too much ex-hausted to go to divine service, but because they do not care to go. If they are impelled by a lively faith and a strict sense of duty to attend their churches, if they feel that their souls' salvation is made the more secure by such attendance, they do not stay at home on the pre-text that they have worked too hard during the week to be able to offer their prayers to God on Sunday. Let there be a revival of religion, such, for instance, as the great awakening in 1857, and there will not be room enough in the Brooklyn churches to hold the throngs anxious for their souls' welfare." 4. A National Anti-Polygamy Crusade. WE have received from the Salt Lake Ministerial Association (Utah), an organization embracing Meth-odist, Baptist, Congregational, Presbyterian, Episco-palian, and Lutheran clergymen, some printed com-munications asking our cooperation in an effort to prevent the seating in Congress of an alleged polygam-ist, Brigham H. Roberts, of Salt Lake City, and to put polygamy under the ban of national law. The Associa-tion calls for "a constitutional amendment prohibiting polygamy and polygamous cohabitation in every State and Territory of our Union." The SENTINEL is unqualifiedly opposed to polygamy, as it necessarily must be in standing for the preservation of natural rights. It therefore stands with those who seek by every lawful means, to restrict the existence of this evil within the smallest possible limits. As polygamy is against natural rights, and civil government is instituted to preserve such rights, civil government can properly do nothing to justify or sanc-tion polygamy; and the Government of the United States cannot properly allow a polygamist to take a seat in Congress. Polygamy is immoral; but Congress cannot unseat Mr. Roberts on that ground. It is unchristian; but Congress cannot take action against him on that ground. It cannot unseat a member on the ground that he is a sinner. Congress is not constituted to be a judge of morality, or to try to enforce any standard of morality. Congress is invested with authority to enact laws for the best interests of all the people, within the lawful sphere of civil government, which is the preserva- 