TO THE PUBLIC: This certifies that the Battle Creek Sanitarium -Health Foods, manufactured by the Sanitarium under the name of the Sanitarium Food Company, are made under my direction and supervision, and that Granola and the other special foods manufactured by this company, are not made or sold by any other firm or person except their duly authorized agents. J. H. KELLOG, M. D. Our goods are shipped to every part of the world-to Australia, New Zealand, India, Persia, and other foreign countries, as well as to all parts of the United States; and in every instance they have demonstrated their wonderful keeping properties. The following are a few of the hundreds of testimonials received from persons who have for years made use of our foods. MICHIGAN. I have for three years used the " Health Foods" in my family, and can heartily recommend them, both for purity and health- giving properties. C. F. PORTER, D. D. S. INDIANA. Your " Health Foods " are the wonder of the nineteenth century. I have used Granola but a short time, but have already experienced relief from indigestion and acid, or flatulent dyspepsia.. I also find the Zwiebach nourishing and toothsome. D. M. KAUFFMAN. I have personally tested your excellent food known as Granola. It is highly pleasing to the taste, easy of digestion, and the most nutritive cereal production with which I am acquainted. D. R. W. BMA. NEW YORK. Your Granola is the best selling invalid food I have ever handled. I have already sold nearly two thousand pounds. A. J. BROUGFITON. CONNECTICUT. We have used your "Health Foods" in our family for three years, and can not get along without them. Having been troubled with dyspepsia and chronic inflammation of the stomach, I find that your Granola, Avenola, Wheatena, and Gluten are the only foods that I can eat with safety. Wet. M. MERWIN. OHIO. Our baby is a testimonial to Sanitarium food. She is ten months old, weighs twenty-eight pounds, and is as ruddy and healthy a specimen as can be seen. She has actually gained flesh while cutting her last two teeth. Her flesh is firm and sound, and she is very strong. FRED. L. ROSEMOND. MINNESOTA. We have twins, and the little fellows are thriving nicely. The food agrees with them perfectly, and I have recommended it to many who are bringing up babies " by hand." D. W. McComa. Apples of Gold ENVELOPE SERIES  Library Published monthly. Subscription price, 10 copies of each number for one year, postpaid, $1.00. THIS Library is designed especially for use in daily, personal correspondence. Each number will contain from four to eight pages, of a size con-venient to go into a number six envelope without folding. It is printed on thin super-calendered paper, and two or more numbers can be put in with an ordinary letter without increasing the postage. The leading themes of the gospel will be pre-sented in such a way as to arrest the attention and be helpful to all. These little leaflets should be circulated by the thousands. The numbers now issued bear the following titles : No. 1. -"Looking unto Jesus." No. 2.-" The Christian's Privilege." No. 3.--  The Sure Promises of God." No. 4.-" How to Get Knowledge." No. 5.-" The Church and the World." These will be sent to any address at the rate of 50 cents per hundred, assorted numbers, or $4.00 per thousand, postpaid. Pacific Press Publishing Co., Ł Ł Ł Oakland, Cal. 43 Bond St., New York. THE MEDICAL MISSIONARY. DECEMBER 14, 1893.  g11NT'IN1211- 391  THE BATTLE CREEK SANITARIUM  HEALTH FOODS. For more than sixteen years the Battle Creek Sanita-rian has maintained a Health Food Department, at first for the benefit cf its patients and patrons, later, and for more than a dozen years, with increased facilities, to supply the general public. Within the last year Mote than 150 Tons of the following named foods have been manufactured and sold:- Oatmeal Biscuit, Rye Wafers, Medium Oatmeal Crackers, Fruit Crackers, Carbon Crackers, Plain Oatmeal Crackers, No. I Graham Craokers, Avenola, No. 2 Graham Crackers, Granola, Plain Graham Crackers (Dyspeptic), Wheat Granola, White Crackers, Whole Wheat Wafers, Cloten Biscuit, No.1, Gluten Wafers, Gluten Biscuit, No. 2, Infants' Food. G r a n o I a, The Gem of Health Foods. Our Granola, which has now been manufactured by us for nearly seventeen years, is unquestionably the finest health food ever devised, and is greatly superior to any of the numer-ems imitations to which its success has given rise. We are constantly improving our foods, and adding to our list as the result of experimental researches conducted in the Sanitarium Laboratory of Hygiene and our Experimental Kitchen. For the latest descriptive circular and price list, address, SANITARIUM HEALTH FOOD CO., Battle Creek, Mich. BIBLE STUDENTS' LIBRARY. (List revised up to Dec. 1, 1893.) ANY of the following publications will be sent, post-paid, on receipt of price. No. (Order by Number.) Price. 1. Bible Sanctification 10 As. 2. Abiding Sabbath 20 " 3. Views of National Reform, Series 1 15 " 4. The Saints' Inheritance 10 " 10. Scripture References  4 " 14. The Sufferings of Christ  4 " 16. Christ in the Old Testament  2 23. Honor Due to God-Tithes and Offerings  10 24. Is Sunday the Sabbath ?    1 25. The Sanctuary and the Judgment    2 26. The Sabbath in the Now Testament  2 27. The Bible; Its Inspiration and Importance  2 31. The Second Advent    4 34. God's Memorial  2 35. The Temporal Millennium  3 36. The Signs of the Times  42. Elihu on the Sabbath  2 43. The Ten Commandments Not Revised  2 46. Without Excuse  1 47. Thoughts for the Candid  1 48. Which Day Do You Keep, and Why '+   1 49. Can We Know    1 50. Is the End Near?  1 51. Is Man Immortal ?  1 52. Why Not Found Out Before 9    1 53. The Sabbath and the Law 20 54. Nature and Obligation of the Sabbath of the Fourth Commandment  10 55. Order of Events in the Judgment 15 57. Tent-meeting Lessons on "The Life of Christ"  2 58. Matthew 24, or The Second Coming of Christ 10 60. Tent-meeting Lessons on "Prophecy"    2 61. Tent-meeting Lessons on " Sin and Righteousness "  1 63. The Sure Foundation and the Keys of the Kingdom 2 64. The Full Assurance of Faith    2 " 65. The Great Day of the Lord  5 " 67. Bible Election  3 " 68. The Old Testament in the New Dispensation  3 " 69. " Jewish ; " Christians Are Israelites Indeed  1 " 70. Immortality of the Soul ; Is It a Bible Dectrine 9   71.* Righteousness, Where It Is, and How Obtained.... 1 " 72. Christ and His Righteousness 15 " 73. Can We Keep the Sabbath ?  2 74. The Counterfeit and the Genuine  2 " 75.f Living by Faith  2 h 76. Bible Questions and Answers Concerning Man 77. The Talents  79. Baptism; Its Significance    2 80. Sunday; Origin of Its Observance in the Christian Church 15 " 81. God's Message for To-day  1 " 83. Angels: Their Nature and Ministry 20 " 85. Two-fold Evidence of Acceptance with God  1 " 86. Justification, Regeneration, Sanctification  2 "  90. The Bible Doctrine of the Trinity  2 " 93. Christian F cience-Is It Science ? Is It Christian ? 15 " 95. From Sabbath to Sunday  I " 97. The Sun of Righteousness 10 " 99. Prediction, Interpretation, Fulfillment  2 " 100. Seducing Spirits  1 " 101. The Rest that Remains for the People of God .....  1 " 103. Should Christians be Members of Secret Societies ?  3 " 104, Justification by Faith, by Mrs. E. G. White 105. The Way to Christ, by Mrs. E. G. White  2  66 107. Who Changed the Sabbath ? (New)  8 " 108. Life: Its Source and Purpose 10 " 110. Appeal to Methodists  1 '` 111, Tormented Forever and Ever  2 " 112. Spiritualism: Its Source and Character  3  ,, 113, The Christian Sabbath    4 " 111. The Identical Seventh Day  2 " 115. Waymarks to the Holy City  2 " 116. S. S. Lessons on Luke. January, 1894  5  44 117. Prophetic Lights. Illustrated. 180 pages 50  64 118. Christ Tempted as We Are 2 " . * Also in Spanish and Portuguese Languages. f Also in Spanish. The BIBLE STUDENTS' LIBRARY is published monthly. Subscription price, $1.00 per year, Can be ordered from any of the Pacific Press or Review and Herald Branch offices, any State Tract Society, or the Pacific Press Publishing Co.. Oakland, Cal. SPECIAL HOLIDAY OFFER. Having purchased several hundred copies of Illustrated Quarto Poems at a price BELOW COST we are able to offer to our customers an assortment of 25 different Titles at the aston-ishingly low price of 50 CENTS EACH, POSTPAID. These are from the Fine Art Publishers. Each poem is beautifully illustrated and bound in Antique Vellum or Embos-sed Silk Paper, Padded, and make Elegant Presentation Vol-umes. These are usually sold at 75 cents and $1.00, but our price is 50 c nts, while the stock lasts. Below we give the Titles, with Author's Name following; Oriana, KEATS. The Earl's Return, OWEN MEREDITH. The Bugle Song. TENNYSON. Song of the River, KINGSLEY. Fair Ines, HooD. Lenore, PoE. Elegy in a Country Churchyard, GRAY. Rock Me to Sleep Mother, ALLEN. Rime of the Ancient Mariner, COLERIDGE. Eve of St. Agnes. KEATS. Song of the Brook. TENNYSON. Song of the Bell, SCHILLER. Songs from Faust, GOETHE. Annie and Willie's Prayer, Show. Bells Across the Snow, HAVERGAL. Wreck of the Hesperus, LONGFELLOW. Village Blacksmith, LONGFELLOW. Harkl the Herald Angels Sing, KINGSLEY. Evening Hymn, KEBLE. Pilgrims of the Night. FABER. Songs of Christmas, HAVERGAL. Sweet By and By, BENNETT. The Raven, POE. Unknown Way, BRYANT. Daisy Seekers. It will be well to make secono and third choices, so that we may not disappoint you in case the book chosen is sold out. These cannot last long at this price, so order now. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., Oakland, Cal. J. H. KELLOGG, M. D., Editor. A twenty-four page monthly journal, devoted to the various phases of medical missionary and be-nevolent work. It contains each month also arti-cles of general interest on mission fields, and items of missionary intelligence. Each number is illus-trated. Published by the S. D. A. Medical Missionary and B nevolent Association. Price 25 cents per year. Address Medical Missionary, Battle Creek, Mich. 44 44 44 44 2  