82 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL,. sequently, that was the seventh day of the week. There was no other period or divis-ion of time in existence of which it could be the seventh day. The week was the only portion of time there had yet been. The record is that " God did rest the seventh day," and that seventh day could not possibly have been any other than the seventh day of the week. This is precisely. what is argued in the foregoing extract. As we know the week only as it is marked by a religious day, as the Creator observed the week in the development of his cosmos, and then crowned the seventh day with his personal benediction, it is thereby proved, beyond a question, that the seventh day which the Creator thus crowned by his benediction, was the seventh day of the week. Consequently, again it appears that Mr. Crafts's argument disproves the theory which he propounds. Again, he says that, It can never be proved that the Saturday of our almanacs was the day originally appointed. Now he constantly asserts that the Sun-day of our almanacs is the day of the resurrection of Christ. And that was the first day 'of the week. Now as the resur-rection day, the first day of the week, is the Sunday of our almanacs, it never can be denied that the day before the resurrec-tion day Was the Saturday of our alma-nacs. The Scripture record is that "when the Sabbath was past, Mary Magdalene, and Mary the mother of James, and Salome, had brought sweet spices, that they might come and anoint him. And very early in the morning, the first day of the week, they came unto the sepulcher at the rising of the sun." Mark 16: 1, 2. By this, therefore, it is plain enough that the Sabbath is the day before the first day of the week. And as the first day of the week is.  the Sunday of our almanacs, it is plain enough that the Sabbath being only the day before, is the Saturday of our almanacs. Again, the Scripture speaking of the day and the fact of the crucifixion : says, " And that day was the preparation, and the Sabbath drew on. And the women also, which came with him from Galilee, fol-lowed after, and beheld the sepulcher, and how his body was laid. And they returned, and prepared spices and ointments ; and rested the Sabbath day according to the commandment. Now upon the first day of the week, very early in the morning, they came unto the sepulcher, bringing the spices which they had prepared and certain others with them. And they found the stone rolled away from the sepulcher. And they.entered in, and found not the body of the Lord Jesus." Luke 23 54-56 ;. 24 :1-3. The day upon which these folks rested was the Sabbath according to the com-mandment. It was the day before the first day of the week. The day before the first day of. the week, is the seventh day of the week. That being the Sabbath of  the commandment, it is thereby demon-strated that the Sabbath according to the commandment, is the seventh day of the week. Therefore, as the resurrection day was the Sunday of our almanacs, the day before, upon which those folks rested could have been nothing else than the Saturday of our almanacs." Let it be borne in mind that this is demonstrated upon the arguments and admissions of Mr. Crafts himself. Again, the Sabbath of the command-ment is the original Sabbath. This being the day before the first day of the week, and therefore the Saturday of our alma-nacs, it follows inevitably that the orig-inal Sabbath was identical with " our Saturday." This is admitted, too, in the following perfect jewel of inconsistency:Š The Sabbath is a movable feast. A Jewish by-law located it on Saturday; a Christian by-law puts it on the day following, which is just as surely the seventh day in the sense of the commandment as Saturday ever was. This admits that Saturday " was " once -the seventh day "in the sense of the com-mandment." He says that it became so by a " Jewish by-law," but this statement is not true. The Jews had nothing to do with locating it on Saturday. It was not their work at all. The Lord did this himself. In the 16th of Exodus is the record. The Lord there told them, that " on the seventh day which is the Sab-bath," there should be no manna for them to gather. NeverthelesS the people went out on that day to gather. Then the Lord said, " How long refuse ye to keep my commandments and my laws ? See, for that the Lord hath given you the Sabbath, therefore he giveth you on the sixth day the bread of two days : abide ye every man in his place, let no man go out of his place on the seventh day. So the people rested on the seventh day." Ex. 16 : 28-30. By this it is seen that the Lord himself appointed the observance of the seventh day against the will of the Jewish nation. Therefore it is as plain as anything can be that instead of it being a Jewish by-law which located the Sabbath on Satur-day, it was the Lord himself who located it there.: and in so doing he simply gave to that people his own interpretation of his own law, enjoining the observance of the Sabbath. This interpretation he held before them by the absence of the manna every seventh day for forty years. This being the Lord's construction of his own commandment, proves that this is " the sense of the commandment." Now Mr. Crafts says that that day was Saturday; therefore, it follows from his own admis-sion, and it is the logic of his own state-ments, that the seventh day of the fourth commandment is identical with the Satur-day of our almanacs, and that that is the sense of the commandment. And this is what Mr. Crafts finds the Bible to teach about the Sabbath. Then  why does he want a Sunday law to en-force the observance of the Sabbath ? As we have often said, so say we now again: It would be altogether wrong and wicked to call for a State or national law to enforce the observance of that day which is indeed the Sabbath; but it is doubly wrong to demand any law to enforce as a Sabbath, the observance of a day which is not the Sabbath at all. All this which has been admitted in Mr. Crafts's argument, is also confessed in the argument of the Rev. George Mott, in the American Sabbath Union leaflet before re-ferred to. He there says :Š Our opponents declare, "we are not satisfied with these inferences and suppositions; show us where the first day is spoken of as holy, or as being ob-served instead of the seventh ; we must have a direct and positive command of God." We admit there is no such command. ŠPage 7. Christians are keeping Sunday and they want laws, both State and national, to compel themselves and everybody else to keep it. What authority then have they or do they claim for the obligation of Sunday ? No divine authority; because he plainly says there is no divine command for it. This is plainly Nay lug that Chris-tians have no divine command for the observance of Sunday. That is true. THE SENTINEL has always said so, and now they themselves say so. Yet they blame THE SENTINEL for saying that it is so. Nor is this Mr. Mott's view only. He writes under the official title of " Vice-President of the American Sabbath Union," and that organization sends this forth as one of its official documents on the Sunday-law ques-tion. Nor yet is the American Sabbath Union 'alone in holding this view. The Woman's Christian Temperance Union likewise oc-cupies the same position. Leaflet number three, of the Woman's Christian Temper-ance Union's department of Sabbath ob-servance, is a concert exei cise on the fourth commandment for Sunday schools and " Bands of Hope." From this leaflet we copy the following :Š Question 5.Š Why do we not still keep the seventh day for our Sabbath instead of the first or Sunday ? Answer.ŠWe still keep one day of rest after six of works  thus imitating God's example at creation, and at the same time we honor and keep in memory the resurrection of Jesus Christ, who on the first day of the week rose from the dead, and thus com-pleted our redemption. Question 6.ŠIf Jesus wished the day changed why did he not command it ? Answer. ŠA command to celebrate the resurrection could not wisely be made before the resurrection occurred. He probably gave his own disciples such directions afterwards when "speaking of the things pertaining to the kingdom of God." This also plainly confesses that there is no command for any change from the ob-servance of the seventh day, to that of the first or Sunday. By what right then does this organization demand State and na-tional laws compelling people to observe, as an obligation to God, that for which there is no command of God ? Where 