488 AMERICAN SENTINEL. The Holy Ghost and the "Holy See." To write the history of the harlot woman, the apos-tate church, is but to reverse every statement in the his-tory of the bride of Christ, the true church. Of the scar-let woman it is said, she "is fallen." From what did she fall? Why did she fall? The true church began with the "Power from on high." The other church began with "false brethren," without power from on high, who fol-lowed Paul with false teaching, and who were rebuked by the Holy Ghost. Acts 15:12, 28. Two statements of Scripture will clearly contrast the true and the false:Š "He [Barnabas] was a good man and Pill of the Holy Ghost and faith : and much people was added unto the.  Lord." Acts 11:24. "Take heed therefore unto yourselves, and to all the flock over the which the Holy Ghost bath made you overseers to feed the church of God which he has pur-chased with his own blood. For I know that after my departure shall grievous wolves enter in among you, not sparing the flock. Also of your own selves shall men arise, speaking perverse things to draw away disciples after them." From the above it is clear that the power of the true church is the Holy Ghost which labors to lead men to the Lord. The apostate church, on the other hand, was to be led by men whom the Holy Spirit had not made shep-herds, and who therefore were filled wholly with self ; and who would consequently draw away disciples after themselves. Of this falling away from the Lord and His Spirit to men and human power, Paul speaks more definitely. After warning the Thessalonian church against the error that "the day of the Lord is now present" (R. V.) he writes: "That day shall not come except there come a falling away first and that man of sin be revealed, the son of perdition; who opposeth and exalteth himself above all that is called God, or that is worshiped, so that,  he as god sitteth in the temple of God, showing himself that he is God." After describing the result of this fall-ing away, in the utter ruin of all who fall with it, he says: "But we are bound to give thanks always to God for you, brethren, beloved of the Lord, because God bath from the beginning chosen you to salvation through the sane- tification of the Spirit and belief of the. truth." 2 Thess.. 2:1-13. This truth that the Holy Spirit is to sit in the temple of God, instead of the man of sin, is more clearly stated thus:Š "In whom all thebuilding fitly framed together grow-eth unto an holy temple in the Lord ; in whom also ye are 'Jaded together for an habitation of God through the Spirit." Eph. 2:21, 22. From these scriptures it is clear that the Holy Spirit, God's representative on earth, sits in the temple of God, the church, for the purpose of exalting God. "He shall, not speak of himself . . . he shall glorify me." John 16:13, 14. The falling away, therefore, as above de-scribed, was the seating of man in the seat of the Holy Ghost, aid the exaltation of a sinful man in the place of the Saviour of men. There is in the true church a "holy see," or holy seat, which the Holy Ghost occupies as the vicegerent of Christ; but how changed all this in the church of the "falling away." There we have the "holy see" occupied by a man, who claims to be himself the "vicegerent of the Son of God." It is sincerely hoped that the reader will not get hisŁ gaze so riveted on the "mother of harlots" that he will, fail to see the mother's characteristics in the daughters. It is also hoped that the reader will not select certain churches and declare that they compose the falling daugh_ ters. The falling away begins with the individual; and to just the extent that the Holy Ghost is unseated in the hearts of the members of your church and my church, just to that extent has there come a falling away; and then just to that extent are they a part of the great*  Babylonian family. It is the province of the Holy Spirit, from its seat in the temple of God, the church, to dispense power and wisdom, to teach and govern, to plan and execute. In all things it is the privilege and place of the believer to be managed by the Spirit and not to manage either the Spirit or his brethren. "There is no man or set of men that can manage men. All ye are brethren : the Holy Spirit of God alone can do this." The Spirit not only furnishes power but pleasure as well. "The kingdom of God. . . . is joy in the Holy &host." Any Christian or Christian church which har-bors any joy not furnished by the Holy Spirit is guilty of enthroning the world in the temple of God, and by that means becomes a member of the family of the scarlet woman. "Lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God" is the inspired description of the religious world in the "perilous times" of "the last days." How many there are who look with scorn on the scar-let woman, yet who, because of their own friendship with the world, which is spiritual adultery (James 4:4), are themselves really members of the harlot family. "Come out of her, my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive not of her plagues." Be not Ł drunk with the wine of Babylon, "but be filled with the A. F. B. Spirit." 