18 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. superstitions— He was at best only half-heathen, half Christian, who could seek to ebmbine the worship of Christ with the wor-ship of Apollo; having the name of the one and the figure of the other impressed upon his coins."ŠArt. Constantine. Of the religion of Constantine, and of the sun god, Dr. Schaff thus speaks:Š "Aft first, Constantine, like his father, in the spirit of the Neo-Platonie syncretism of dying heathendom, reverenced all the gods as mys-terious powers; especially Apollo, the god of the sun, to whom, in the year 308,' he pre-sented munificent gifts. Nay, so late as the year 321 he enjoined regular consultation of the soothsayers in public misfortunes, according to ancient heathen usage; even later, he placed his new residence, Byzantium, under the protection of the God of the martyrs and the heathen goddess of fortune; and down to the end of his life he retained the title and dig-nity of a Pontifex Maximus, or high priest of the heathen heirarchy. His coins bore on the one side the letters of the name of Christ, on the other the figure of the sun-god, and the in scription,'Sol invictus.'?--Church History, vol. 2. Once more we hear Dr. Schaff in regard to the life and character of Constantine:Š "When at last on his death bed he sab-. mitted to baptism, with the remark, Now let us cast away all duplicity,' he honestly admitted the 'conflict of two antagonistic prin-ciples which swayed his private character and public life."ŠChurch History, vol. 2. Much, very much, historical evidence may be added to show the character of Constan- tine, of whom the Encyclopedia Brittanica says: "Tested by character, indeed, he stands among the lowest of all those to whom the epithet [great] has in ancient or modern times been applied." But this is the man who gave to the world the legacy of Church and State; who caused the State to "serge the interests of the Church;" and who lent the strength of his empire to " maintain and enforce-the true re-ligion;" to whose action the Statesman so ap-provingly refers as a warrant for and example of "Sabbath legislation." But never was a more groundless claim set up than that of as- cribing to Constantine the issuing of an edict in favor of the Sabbath. His edict was hea-thenishŠthat, and that only, as all reliable-his- tory attests. - What was the effect of his patronizing or serving the interests of the church ? Ho ele-vated the bishops to the dignity of civil mag- istrates, especially the bishop of Rollie, whom he invested with the primacy. An early his- torian said:Š " Constantine likewise enacted a law favor-ing the clergy, permitting judgment to be passed by the bishops when litigants preferred appealing to them rather than to the secular courts; he enacteti that their decree should be valid, and as far superior to that of other judges as if pronounced by the emperor him- Ł self ; that.  the governor and military officers should see to the execution of these decrees; and 'that sentence, when passed by them, should be irreversible."ŠSozomen, Ecclesiastical History. To such a state of things our National Re- foriners aspire, when the "final decision" shall be with "the churches and the clergy." But what was the effect of the State thus " serving the interests of the church," and "upholding 'and maintaining the true " ? With all reliable writers there is but  one decision on this point. We can only give sample statements:Š `Passing rapidly from a state of distress and persecution to the summit of prosperity, the church degenerated as rapidly from:her ancient purity, and forfeited the respect of future ages in the same proportion as she re-ceived the blind veneration of- her own. Cov-etousnessa-especially, became almost a charac-teristic vice."ŠHallam, Middle Ages. " This sudden change was followed by an almost total loss of the simplicity and purity of the days of persecution. Magnificent churches were erected by the emperor in Rome, adorned with images and pictures, where the bishop sat on a lofty throne, encir-cled by. inferior priests, and performing rites borrowed from the splendid ceremonial of the pagan temple. The bishop of Rome became a prince of the empire, and lived in a style of luxury and pomp that awakened the envy or the just indignation of the heathen writer, Marcellinus. The church was no\v enriched by the gifts and bequests of the pious and the timid; the bishop drew great revenues from his farms; . . . the proudest women of Rome loaded him with lavish donations, and followed him with their flatteries and atten- tions. . . Tho bishopric of Rome now became a splendid prize, for which the ambi-tious and unprincipled contended by force or fraud."ŠEugene Lawrence, Historical Studies, art. Bishops of Rome. Want of space forbids our further pursuing this line 'of evidence. We will give a brief summary of the acts of the life of Constan-tine which seem to have a bearing on his in- consistent position-as a pagan _and a professed -Christian. A. D. 312, professed to have a vision of the. cross. There is, however, no evidence that he ever spoke of such a thing before the year 322. 313, issued the edict of Milan,-stopping per- secution on account of religion. 321, March 7, issued a decree that certain classes abstain from labor on " the venerable day of the sun." This was afterwards, by his obsequious bishops, adopted as " the chief festival of the church." See Catechisms of the Catholic Church. 321, March 8, issued a decree for consulting haruspicesŠa practice purely pagan. 323, according to the opinion of Mosheim; made a profession of Christianity. Other writers give a later date. . 324, murdered Licinius, hi violation of his solemn oath. 325, convened the council of Nice, and pre- sided -over its deliberations. 325, after the council, revoked the edict of Milan, and copied the penal regulations under which Diocletian had persecuted the Chris- tians, and employed them in persecuting those who did not accept the Catholic faith. 326, murdered his 'son Crispus, and his nephew Lieinius, and a great number of their friends. 330, May 11, dedicated Constantinople to the virgin Mary. 337, near the close of his life was baptized into the Christian faith. Some' haVe endeavored to shield his charac-ter as a Christian by placing his conversion subsequent to his atrocious murders in 326; but in so doing they remove it still farther from the date of his Sunday edict, and have him presiding over-the" council of Nice before  he professed 'Christianity. It is a "mixed case " do the best they can. They who can confidently decide that Con-stantine was a genuine Christian at any time in his lifeŠanything but a crafty politician and a selfish rulerŠmust be able to adjust the balances very accurately to show where.Chris- tianity predominates over paganism! We be-lieve that paganism may exist and flourish with any amount of profession of Christianity; but we do not believe that Christianity can exist with both the profession and practice of paganism. _ For this reason we cannot admit that Constantine ever was a Christian. Our writer in the Statesman "Our affirmation, therefore, that the State sustains a protective relation to the Sabbath, cannot be made light of as  a novelty. It has a foundation in usage even though this has been and is lamentably defective." He well says that that for which they are laboring "has a foundation in usage," and in nothing higher. And the origin of this' uSage is traced to Constantine, -whose legacy tPŁthe church has been a standing curse to the cause of Christianity for fifteen hundred years. J. H. W. A Substitute for the-Church. THE Christian Statesman of Dec. 16, 1886, after considering the manner in which the Labor Party in Philadelphia was captured by Socialists said :Š " These proceedings, taken in connection with the utterances of Henry George and his supporters in the campaign, the intercession of the Knights of Labor in convention at Rich-mond for the condemned Anarchists at Chicago, the efforts.  which have been made to secure for them a new trial, and the stay of proceed-ings granted by the Supremo Court which re-prieves them for five months, aro ominous signs of the impending social struggle. They render more timely and significant too -the re-ligious declarations in the platforms of the Prohibition party, and the efforts _which. are to be made to secure such acknoWle.dgments by all existing parties. The party which' will make and adhere to a simple and heartyac-knowledgnaont of Jesus Christ as the actual ruler of nations, and of the supreme authority of his moral laws, will, by virtue of that very fact, become the leading party in the struggle which is even now upon us. There are mul-titudes of laboring men who will not stand on the Socialist platform- and who will be poweia,  fully attracted toward any party which de-clares for a fearless and uniform application of the law of God to civil affairs." We agree with the Statesman that these are ominous signs of the impending social strug-gle. We do not think that the danger to which this country is subject from the Social, istic element can be overestimated. But we cannot see how this danger is to be averted by the formation of a political party whose platform shall contain religious declarations. There is no condition of affairs which the Statesman, or any lover of order, may desire to see, which cannot be brought about by the simple influence of the gospel, if it can be brought about at all; that is to say, if the spread of Socialistic ideas is prevented at all, it must be through the gospel, which is di- rectly opposed to Socialism. Just to the ex-tent that the gospel is accepted, the spread of Socialism will be hindered. The .Statesman 