ANIERIcAN, SENTINEL. 33.3 no/Isar fopthe Mopl, and religious train- ,ing ot.the ,but, that is only an Additional reason why all patriotic citizens should.be intelligent upon such questions As !the subject of this paper. An act :may' be. morally wrong, a sin, and yet be :civilly permissible or it may be mor-ally right, and yet civilly wrong and a crime. Any thinking. person, can readily suggest to himself numerous examples, of each ,class,of acts, or ,of, the same act as tieingAetermined in each,  of these clasSes 1,00,4001*-''plfplina-§tatic04. The sole 4i1Otil**0#'1.!1* in: those elements which ,Oharapterize; or .do not characterize, the AO, as a icirOper,. subject Of governmental -.Control. :The.  State cannot know the indi-Viduaimpttves to an action,--except as they ni0 passibly be indicated by other acts-and hence it cannot judge of the ',Abselfite morality of a particular act or systeM Of,:,,514racAce, nor pass- prohibitive onactinents based upon such judgments. the Mate; is constrained' by ithe'iinpossi-billW of 'deterniiiiing real moral conduct, and by the very spirit of free governMent. 13.1e-originative principles Of Our republicansystem are expressed in assertions of these inalienable rights of the individual to be free from. civil dictation in certain clearly defined particulars; and our Constitution specially and ,emphatically prohibits the Goveinnieht from touching him in any of those relations which properly exist be-tween man and his Creator, exclusively. No apology ean be offered for reiterating and, defending these principles were it not so popular, in many circles of society, to ,give at. least a tacit acceptance to the growing theocratie and paternal idea in GoVernment. The subject should 'be timely to, every citizen who has not yet scrutinized his opinion upon it. - But it cannot be concealed that polyg-amy is an institution which our Nation would gladly be rid of. Indeed; we are placed alreadyŠby the suppressive policy of the Governnient Š under the logical necessity of offering a valid defense of our present national enactments against it. 'The 'ground of mere expediency is insuffi-'cient and unjustifiable. .Is there, then, a .highWay along which the state may pro-.ceed, with honor to itself and justice to all its subjects, in sweeping this evil from our' land ? May the State rightfully pro-hibit, polygamy ? It is belieVed that there Are consistent and just reasons why it should and must do so, and that the fol-lowing paragraphs answer the question Affirmatively. Marriage is a civil institution. It is clivine'only in the sense that it was insti-tuted: by the Creator, and is the expression of his will concerning the relation of man .ancl: woman as parents. It has this sig-nifidarice to all who believe in the obliga-tion to obey the will of God as indicated in revelation, regardless of any constraint or liberty which the State may allow. But all do not recognize divine obligation,  and it is the province of the. State to com-pel men to be civil who will not volunta-rily be moral. It is in this consideration that marriage is a pwrely civil institution, for the State cannot touch it in its divine relations. No interference or regulation can properly come to it from Government except through the, channel of a strictly secular policy. This civil control must be wholly in the line of protection to 'the rights of the in-dividual and of the State. In this matter, as, in all others, the State canna go into the realm, of morals unless the Moral act of an offender constitutes a crime, by in-fringing the civil rights of others. Even then, to be more accurate, the State does not overstep its own limits of rightful au-thority, but the criminal himself brings his act within the domain of proper civil jurisdiction. With these principles con-stantly recognized, the exact civil status of, marriage can be unmistakably ascer-tained. The rights of marriage are natural and inalienable; and the individual cannot be deprived of them by another, nor by the Government, except as punishment for crime. The individual may not choose to assume these rights, or the despotic poWer of society, 'of parents, or of the State, may invade them ; but when once acquired they cannot be destroyed, or surrendered, so that they no longer exist as rights. But polygamy, as practiced in our coun-try, does interfere with these rights of the wife. The woman who must share the marriage relation with several other wives of the same husband certainly is not pro-tected in her rights to the same degree that he is. Polygyny thrives only in con-ditions that assume the inferiority of women, and ought not to be tolerated for a moment in a government founded upon the equal rights of mankind. Our Gov-ernment does guarantee this equality of rights to all its law-abiding subjects, and ought, therefore, to impose the same mar-ital restrictions upon man as upon woman; and upon a man in one district of its do-main the same restrictions that it imposes upon all other men in all other districts. It is a disgrace to the basic principles of our GovernmentŠrather, it is a cowardly abandonment of themŠthat the State did not long ago recognize its duty to suppress polygamy. But it may be asked, May the Govern-ment rightfully interfere in a community in which all the parties have voluntarily accepted the polygamous relation; where each wife freely consents to surrender the major part of her rights ? To this it should be answered that the State cannot recog-nize any such surrender. To every citizen the State guarantees personal liberty in all things which do not infringe the equal rights of others. Personal liberty means freedom of choice in the pursuit of happi-ness. A man might voluntarily attempt  to sell himself into irredeemable slavery, but if the deed shoubt be accomplished,,  his:freedeni again to choose liberty would be gone; so the State sanctions, no such surrender of the natural rights of the in-dividual. That they are,, indeed, incapable of being surrendered, is expressed in the fact that they are inalienable rights. The same protective principle which punishes the murderer also restrains the suicide. The Government can permit no violation of natural rights, whether the danger comes from inward consent or outward compulsion. Indeed, in the case of polyg-amy, a first wife might readily be ' forced to give a legal consent to the subsequent marriage of her husband with others, In justice to all, the State must prohibit re-lations which can exist only with. Violence to human rights. But again,. it may be questioned, ought the 'Civil PoWer to interfere with a praar  tice which is held as a religious right or duty ? In the light of preceding principles, the answer should be direct and positive. Government cannot know the inner mo-tive of an act, be it religious or otherwise; and certainly it cannot allow an avowedly conscientious motive to justify an act in-fringing others' rights, without throwing down all restraint to license of every de-scription. Even if it were possible for human government to discriminate infal-libly between hypocrisy and genuineness, it could execute no law based upon this faculty except by favoring one class of individuals above all others, and;  for relig-ious reasons. This is not only, contrary to the genius of our Constitution, but would result in the speedy annihilation of, all just government. The only safe prin-ciple, both for the State and for the vidual, is that which gives the, civil au-thority jurisdiction over every act which constitutes a civil offense to the rights of all. The rights of conscience are never violated by a government which confines its operations strictly within this distinctly, bounded sphere. The State long ago very properly as-sumed tbe regulation of monogamous marriage, insisting that it shall not be temporary, but permanent; both to pre-serve to each the individual rights of the parties entering into it, and to place upon them the responsibility of supporting their offspring. Any other course, would, inevitably impose upon the State the care of numerous minor subjects whose parentage would necessarily remain in legal uncertainty. The result would be the same if polygamy Š which actually includes polyandry as well as polygynyŠwere legalized in our country.. This were a consummation devoutly to be deprecated by all moral men; and all should unite in opposing the least introduction to its pos-sibility, on the purely civil ground that it would impose upon the whole people burdens which parents alone should bear. So it may be clearly seen that, in every 