AMERICAN SENTINEL. 667 Why It Concerns the Youth. THE principles of civil and religious liberty are princi-ples which are concerned in the life of every individual, in youth as well as in later years. These principles are violated by the children in their conduct toward one another quite as frequently as by older people. It is in the period of childhood and youth that people learn either to respect the rights of their fel-low beings or to disregard them. The despots who have cursed the earth with their in-justice and oppression, from the king on his throne who ruled over an empire, down to the day laborer whose tyrannical sway extended over only his own unfortunate family, have only put in practice in their despotism that disregard of human rights which they learned when they were young. The inborn selfishness of human nature shows itself at a very early age; and it is only this, natural selfishness that has caused all the oppression and persecution that the world ever saw. The boy who wants to "boss" the affairs in which his youthful associates take part on an equality with him-self, will naturally, as a man, want to "boss" the affairs of his fellow men. The boy who shows a disposition to regard himself as entitled to the "lion's share" of good things among his young associates, will as a man be ready to deny to his fellow men the privileges and rights which he claims for himself. The boy who rules over his playmates because he is bigger and stronger than they are, individually, will as a man have very faint conceptions of right independent of might. He will believe in the rule of the majority in everything, as though the minority had no rights which the majority were bound to respect. All this applies equally, of course, to young people who are not boys. The girl who grows up without hav- ing learned to respect the rights of other people, will, as a wife and especially as a mother in the training of her children, exert an influence more baneful to the cause of liberty than would be possible to one of the opposite sex. There is nothing more beautiful in human conduct than the recognition, by those of tender years, of the God-given rights of their young associates, in the spirit of the Golden Rule. This is true politenessŠthe politeness which is based  on principle, rather than on policy. Principle is to the character what a fine grain is to wood. It renders it susceptible of a natural polish which otherwise it could not possibly have. The politeness of the policy man is like a veneer polish on the surface of soft wood. It is not a part of his natural self. The Lion with Eagle's Wings. "Tins seems to be a very strange chapter, mama. I've been studying the first few verses as you told me to. Now listen, this is what the prophet says, 'I saw in my vision by night, and, behold, the four winds of the heaven strove upon the great sea. And four great beasts came up from the sea.' "Now, mama, I know the Bible tells us that the four beasts represent four great kingdoms, but does it tell what the wind and the sea stand for?" asked Charlie Ross, as he came for his promised talk. "Water, in prophecy, stands for multitudes of peo-ple. Rev. 17:15 says: 'The waters which thou sawest . . . are peoples, and multitudes, and nations, and tongues.' There are other passages that lead us to the same conclusion. Daniel writes of an army as 'a flood that shall overflow and pass over,' and in another place a nation is spoken of as a sea,Š`the waters of the Assyr-ian Sea.' "There seems a peculiar fitness in this symbol. If you ever cross the ocean, you will see it more clearly. The whole world of men and nations is like a tossing sea. It is true that in the sea there are currents, tides, and streams that have a steady course, just as in the tossing sea of humanity there are servants of God who are guided into peaceful courses; but the mass of the world is like a tossing sea." "I know one text that says, 'The wicked are like the troubled sea, when it cannot rest, whose waters cast up mire and dirt.' Well, what is the wind for?" "Wind is an element of strife in nature, and the Bible interprets it as a symbol of war. Now, let us look at these symbols as they are interpreted, and we have war raging among the people, and resulting in the rise and fall of four great kingdoms. You have studied enough of history to know that is the way nations do rise and fall. As I think of the nations to-day, they seem to me like so many beasts waiting to spring, upon each other." "0, yes; I remember a picture where Russia was rep-resented as a bear reaching out its paw over Turkey. And I remember seeing Great Britain represented by a lion. That reminds me," said Charlie, "of the next verse here." "Read it." - " `The first was like a lion, and had eagle's wings: I beheld till the wings thereof were plucked, and it was lifted up from the earth, and made stand upon the feet as a man, and a man's heart was given to it.' This, mama, was the first kingdom named in the prophecy." 