'Mit AMERICAN SENTINEL. 133 dissolution of the empire and the estab-lishment of a perfect despotism. The National Religious Liberty Asso-ciation does not advocate either the open-ing or the closing of the Fair on Sunday. It simply argues that it is a religious question, and that as such it is not within the purview of civil government. The Constitution says, " Congress shall make no laws respecting the establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." In 1796 a treaty was made with Tripoli which said, "The Government of the United States is not in any sense founded on the Christian religion, and is therefore, not hostile to the Mussulmans, as such." By the Constitution, this, with all other treaties, is made a part of the fundamental law of the land. It simply means that here, by constitutional right, as well as by inherent right, all religions are equal before the law, and none are either favored or suppressed. That this equality of all religions before the law extended to the various days of the week that are regarded as sacred by the different religions, was decided by the Senate of the United States in 1829. The Government was petitioned to stop the mail service on Sunday by law. The reply of the Senate Committee was :Š It is not the legitimate province of the Legisla-ture to determine what religion is true or what is false, or to determine for any whether they shall esteem one day above another, or esteem all days alike holy. The legislator is chosen to represent the political and not the religious views of the people; to guard the rights of man, not to restrict the rights of conscience. There is a natural law that will do all that is needed in such cases as this, if it is only left to act. The trouble with all nations is that they have legislated too much, and interfered with the working of this natural law. The law of supply and demand will either open or close those gates on Sunday, according as the public demand; and then there will be no legal action, and no unsafe precedents. The people who go to Chicago in 1893 will be representative citizens. There will be many from other lands it is true, but they will be only of the best classes, and they come by national invitation, and should have equal rights with American citizens while here. Colonel Shepard said that there were fifty million Christians in this country. He also argued that Christians would not attend the Fair on Sunday, and that they would not patronize the Fair on any day, if it was open on Sunday. Now if this is so, suppose the Fair is opened the first Sunday, all those, people will stay away, and the Fair will be so slimly patronized that it would never open its gates on Sunday again. Every one knows that as a testimonial to the regard of the people for Sunday, this would be worth a thou-sand-fold more than the mere closing of the gates by law. It is not to be expected that any one will have so much respect for the "American conscience," if it re-quires a national law as a sort of moral stimulant. G. E. FIFIELD. Ł  IT is a matter of comparatively small importance whether the World's Fair be open or closed on Sunday ; that might well be left to the Commissioners to decide; but it is of paramount and vital impor-tance that there should be no legislation at all upon such a subjectŠthat the Consti-tution be not violated, oaths of office not broken, a dangerous precedent not estab-lished.ŠMrs. Susan Bullitt Dixon. The Sunday Propaganda in Allegheny. THE public schools of Pennsylvania are being utilized in the Sunday-Sabbath prop-aganda, under the auspices of the Law and Order League. " The pioneer in this movement," says the Pittsburg Leader, "is the principal of the Fifth Ward school, Allegheny. The Leader tells the whole story thus :Š Recently the principal in question, John L. Smith, took occasion during a late examination to lec- ture against the wickedness of selling Sunday newspapers, and wanted to exact a promise from the scholars engaged in the business that they would discontinue it. There are some fifty boys in the school who are selling Sunday papers, and to say that the action of the principal has raised a howl of indignation on the part of the parents, is expressing it mildly. The story as it reached the Leader was that the principal had suspended sev- eral scholars for refusing to comply with his re- quest. An investigation of the matter developed the fact that while the principal had not taken such an arbitrary step in the enforcement of his unreasonable order, he has, according to his own admission, been going through the several class-rooms of the school and exacting promises from the scholars to give up the business. One boy re-fused to make the promise and was practically suspended, until his mother interfered, and had her son restored to his studies. The matter has stirred up considerable indignation on the part of the parents and taxpayers in general, who propose to take steps in the matter. Several of the parents of the boys attending the school were seen in refer-ence to the matter, but the story told by all was substantially that learned. from Mrs. Maggie Mc-Carroll, of Grant Alley. Her husband is a con-ductor on the Fort Wayne road. They have three children, two boys and a girl, attending the school. The boys, Solomon, aged thirteen years, and An-drew, aged ten years, each have a newspaper route and sell the Sunday papers. Mrs. McCarron, in relating the circumstance, said: "Last week my boys came home from school and told their father that the principal of the school had wanted them to stop selling papers. We told the boys to tell the principal for us that for what they did out of school we were responsible, and that as long as their father allowed them to sell papers, it was none of the principal's business what they did out of school hours. The principal has kept up this work, going, as I am informed by my boys, from the fifth grade to the highest, trying to exact this promise. He has devoted a certain time each day for several days lecturing the scholars about the wickedness of selling on Sunday. He has gone even so far as to say that parents who would allow their children to sell on Sunday were not decent. This matter has been kept up by Mr. Smith to such an extent that the scholars who do sell papers are made to feel very uncomfortable, and certainly something should be done to have a stop put to it. While he has not suspended our boys, I understand he did suspend Mrs. Conklin's son for refusing to make the promise." The reporter then called on Mrs. Conklin. She has one son, Samuel, sixteen years of age, the boy in question who is attending the school. She was averse to saying anything on the matter, but finally substantiated Mrs. McCarroll's statement. In ex-plaining the occurrence of the suspension of her son, she said: "While the boy was not suspended, it was practically the same thing. After Mr. Smith had delivered his lecture against the selling of papers on Sunday, he asked the boys who were selling them to hold up their hands. He then asked them to promise that they would stop it. My boy refused to make the promise, and he was informed by Mr. Smith to call and see him after school. The boy didn't do it, but came home and reported the occurrence to me; I told him when he went to school in the morning to tell Mr. Smith he had our permission to sell, and that we did not consider it the business of the principal to interfere in the matter. My son went to school in the morning, but was refused admission to his class by the teacher until he brought a note from the principal, she claiming that that was her orders from the principal. He then went to the hall outside Mr. Smith's door and waited there until the noon hour, when he came home without reporting to Mr. Smith. When I asked why he didn't do as I told him, he told me he was afraid to tell Mr. Smith that. I then went myself with the boy to the school and saw Mr. Smith. He commenced by lecturing me regarding allowing my son to break the Sabbath, when I cut the matter short and told him such interference was outside the jurisdiction of a public school teacher, and demanded that my son be allowed to go to his class without any such promise. Mr. Smith finally gave him a note to his teacher, and he has since attended the school. But  I understand Mr. Smith still continues his tirade against the boys' selling Sunday papers." The reporter then wended his way to the school. Mr. Smith was encountered at the doorway. When made acquainted with the reportorial visit he in-quired what paper the scribe represented. He finally introduced himself. He stated that he had not suspended any scholars, nor did he intend to. " The circumstance occurred this wise," he said. " One day in grade six, I put a sum on the black-board for the scholars to do. It was this purely accidental circumstance without any forethought of mine: A newsboy has fifty customers, and re-ceives a profit of three-fifths of a cent on each paper: what does he profit on this entire sale ? A little girl put up her hand, and remarked: 'Does he sell Sunday papers ? ' The remark caused me to think it would be a good idea to speak against the sale of Sunday papers, and I did. I asked the scholars if it was wrong to sell papers on Sunday, and was answered by them all that it was. Both by the law of God and the laws of the State. I then lectured them against the willfulness of breaking a law of this kind and its consequences, and asked those engaged in selling papers to give it up." " Well, did you not continue this admonition through the various classes, and continue it for several succeeding days ?" was asked. "Yes, I did, and strange to say in the entire school all those engaged in the business admitted they were doing wrong, and promised to quit it with but one exception." " Do you not think you are overstepping your authority in introducing such questions in the school ? " "No, I do not. I feel that the public school, being an institution of the State, it is the duty of the teachers not only to instruct them in the rudi-ments of an education, but to make the scholars law-abiding and honorable citizens. Where there is a State law regarding Sabbath observance, I con-sider it my duty to so instruct the scholars under my charge in the full observance of these laws." Sunday laws, we are told, are purely civil. But it seems a little strange that civil law is made the occasion and justifi-cation for the giving of religious instruc-tion in the public schools. This occurrence in Allegheny is very significant of the pos-sibilities wrapped up in Sunday laws. The State can of course teach its own laws, and the reason for them; it follows that it may soon come to this, that Jews, Seventh-day Baptists, and Seventh-day Adventists may be compelled either to take their children out of the public schools, or else submit to having them taught that Sunday is the Sabbath. Christianity in the First and Nineteenth Centuries. IN the first century of the Christian era Christianity was able from a very small beginning to push its conquests against the prejudices of Judaism and Paganism into all the known world, gathering into its membership thousands of converts from the religious bodies of that day, and from the world, not by the aid of civil lawŠnot by the sword and fagotŠbut opposed by them, and in spite of them. Christ had said to his followers: " They shall lay their hands on you, and perse-cute you, delivering you up to the syna-gogues, and into prisons, being brought before kings and rulers for my name's sake. . . . And ye shall be betrayed both by parents and brethren, and kins-folks and friends; and some of you shall they cause to be put to death." In fulfillment of this prediction the apostles and early Christians were often imprisoned, suffered the loss of their prop-erty, and many of them of life itself. The conflict of the ages has been be-tween Christ and the devil; and although the Son of God declares, concerning his followers: " The devil shall cast some of you into prison," in no instance is it re-corded that Christ ever did, or ever pro-posed to cast into prison by the agency of 