gEPIElVIBER 28, 1893. ment failing to point out a change of day and yet another day than Saturday being kept " holy " by the biblical world, it is surely incumbent on the reformed Chris-tian to point out in the pages of the New Testament the new divine decrees repeal-ing that of Saturday and substituting that of Sunday, kept by biblicals since the dawn of the Reformation. Examining the Ncw Testament from cover to cover, critically, we find the Sab-bath referred to sixty-one times. We find too, that the Saviour invariably selected the Sabbath (Saturday) to teach in the synagogues and work miracles. The four gospels refer to the Sabbath (Saturday) fifty-one times. In one instance, the Redeemer refers to himself as " the Lord of the Sabbath," as mentioned by Matthew and Luke, but, during the whole record of his life, whilst invariably keeping and utilizing the day (Saturday), he never once hinted at a de-sire to change it. His apostles and per-sonal friends afford to us a striking in-stance of their scrupulous observance of it after his death, and whilst his body was yet in the tomb, Luke 23 : 56 informs us : " And they returned and prepared spices and ointments, and rested on the Sabbath day according to the commandment." " But on the first day of the week, very early in the morning [they came] bringing the spices they had prepared." The "spices" and " ointments " had been prepared Good Friday evening, because "the Sabbath drew near." 54th verse. This action on the part of the personal friends of the Saviour proves beyond con-tradiction, that after his death they kept holy " the Saturday, and regarded the Sunday as any other day of the week. Can anything, therefore, be more conclu-sive than that the apostles and the holy women never knew any Sabbath, but Sat-urday, up to the day of Christ's death ? We now approach the investigation of this interesting question for the next thirty years, as narrated by the evangel-ist, St. Luke, in his Acts of the Apostles. Surely some vestige of the cancelling act can be discovered in the practice of the apostles during that protracted period. But, alas ! We are once more doomed to disappointment. Nine times do we find the Sabbath referred to in the " Acts," but it is the Saturday (the old Sabbat). Should our readers desire the proof, we refer them to chapter and verse in each instance. Acts 13 : 14, again same chapter 27v., again, 42v. ; again 44v. Once more, 15c., 31v. again 17c., 2v. ; again, 18c., 4v. " And he (Paul) reasoned in the syna-gogue every Sabbath and persuaded the Jews and the Greeks." Thus the Sabbath ( Saturday ) from Genesis to Revelation ! ! ! Thus it is impossible to find in the New Testament the slightest interference by the Saviour or his apostles with the orig-inal Sabbath, but on the contrary, an en-tire acquiescence in the original arrange-ment, nay a plenary indorsement by him whilst living and an unvaried, active par-ticipation in the keeping of that day and no other by the apostles, for thirty years after his death, as the Acts of the Apostles have abundantly testified to us. Hence, the conclusion is inevitable, viz: that of those who follow the Bible as their guide, the Israelites and Seventh-day Ad-ventists have the exclusive weight of evi-dence on their side, while the biblical Protestant has not a word in self-defense for his substitution of Sunday for Satur-day. More anon. The A. P. A. and the Papists. TROUBLE is brewing between the Amer-ican Protective Association and the Roman Catholics. At Topeka, Kan., on the 11th inst., the Secretary of State declined to file a charter for a council of the A. P. A. on the ground that the organization, which is anti-Catholic, " seeks to oppose, by the sanction and assistance of law, a religious body in a country where the Constitution forbids interference with the religious opinions of any one." The object of the association, as stated in the charter, is "to protect our country and its free institutions against the secret, intolerant and aggressive efforts that are being persistently put forth by a certain religio-political organization to control the Government of the United States and de-stroy our blood-bought civil and religious liberty; to maintain our free public school system, and oppose the union of Church and State." So far as the avowed purpose of the A. P. A. is concerned, there is certainly no reason why it could not be incorporated under the laws of any State in the Union. It does not propose to act contrary to law but in accordance with the law, and only to oppose the Roman Catholics, so far as they are seeking to subvert civil and religious liberty, and to overthrow the public school system. It is not hard to discern in the action of the Secretary of State of Kansas the fine hand of papal in-fluence. But in our judgment the A. P. A. and the Papacy differ more in the objects which they have in view than in either princi-ples or methods. The. A. P. A., a secret political organization, is opposed to the Papacy, which, so far at least as the Jesuits are concerned, is a secret, religio-political organization. And every secret, political organization of any considerable magnitude is a menace to the State and to the liberties of the people who compose the State. The Catholics, plotting to secure public money for the support of their denominational schools, are a menace to our free institutions. But is it any better for the A. P. A. to invoke the power of the State to compel the Catholics to educate their children in the State sec-ular schools instead of in the parochial religious schools ? We do not believe in Roman Catholic doctrines nor have we any sympathy with the popish demand for a division of the public school funds; but we do most sincerely believe in the sacred right of the parent to educate his child in the church school. The objection that the parochial schools make children Catholics first and citizens afterwards is not valid. With the papist, to be a Catholic, is synonymous with being a Christian, and the Christian who is not such first and above all things else is not worthy of the name, nor is his Christianity worth the professing. Says the Author of Christianity : " Seek ye first the kingdom of God and his right-eousness." This is Christianity; but the idea that patriotism should have the first place, that every man should be a citizen first and a Christian second, is not one whit better than paganism, which subor-dinated everything, to the State and the State to the emperor, and then clothed the emperor with divinity and worshiped him. We would as soon commit the keep-ing of our soul to the Papacy as to the State. We would as soon submit to the despotism of the Papacy as v despotism  that would compel us to educate our chit- dren to be citizens, or anything else, first and Christians afterwards. However much the Catholics may be astray in their understanding of divine truth, they are certainly right in putting their eternal interest first and in making everything subordinate to that. But making religion the first concern and putting loyalty to Christ before loy-alty to the State does not mean that the Church should usurp the functions of the State. Church and State should be en-tirely separate, and this for the very rea-son that while rendering "to Cmsar [the State] the things which are Csar's," the individual may be left perfectly free to render also " unto God the things that are God's." The papal scheme of making the State subordinate to the Church, de-stroys this liberty, for it places at the dis-posal of the Church the power of the State, and then the Church uses that power to coerce men, to compel them not only to render to Caesar the things which are Cwsar's. but also to force them to render " to God the things that are God's." But on the other hand, the A, P. A. scheme, which proposes to subordinate the Church to the State, would make it possible for the State to forbid the individual to render to God the things due him. The Catholic regards it as a religious dutyŠa service due to GodŠto educate his child in the parochial school ; the A. P. A. would have the State say : You shall not educate your child in this way, but you shall send him to the public school in order that the State may have his first and best affec-tions, and the Church and Him whom the Church represents the second place in his heart. The A. P. A. should see to it that in its efforts to preserve civil and religious liberty it does not destroy both. c. P. B. Chicago Correspondence: Some Earnest Dissenters. THE Parliament of Religions has devel-oped its distinctive characteristics, and they have proved to be Roman Catholic and pagan,Šwith but two dissenters, so far,Šone a Seventh-day Baptist, and the other himself a pagan. With these two exceptions the entire Parliament bids fair to be a great council for the establishment of a man-made philosophy of religion. The method used is the slime which was so effective in the degradation of Christi-anity in the early centuries, that is, com-promise with paganism. As this Parlia-ment progresses it becomes more and more evident that its projectors had but small comprehension of that which they were building, and that in reality another mind was planning the course and another hand was at the helmŠthe same which guided the union with paganism in the first great tailing away. From that union resulted Roman Catholicism; it does not, there-fore, do violence to its nature now by absorbing into itself the Protestantism which no longer protests, and the pagan stock from which it sprang in the begin-ning and again re-assimilating the scat-tered members into one family. In doing this Catholicism does not change,Šit re-mains the same. That ancient boast of the Roman Catholic ChurchŠthat it never changesŠhas been gracefully reiterated here in the Catholic Congress and in the Parliament of Religions, and the-iffagress of this cosntopoiiion.-mtigtous''01 has proved that it -las no need to change,.Š`"' 