ME, SENTINEL. OE 537 THE PASSING OF THE CONSTITUTION. THAT the American Republic has fallen upon evil times has been evident for some time. And the evidence which proves this continues rapidly to ac-cumulate. The vision of a seer is not required at this time to discover the paramount issue in Ameri-can public lifeŠthe crisis which can not fail to hold with an irresistible and fascinating power the attention of every friend of liberty. Indifference is simply impossible with him who places any just value upon the, principles of civil and religious liberty which have obtained some growth in the world during the last two or three centuries. This issue and this arises is the repudiation of the princi-ples of American constitutional government; and it is an issue which will remain when the presidential campaign now caging is at an end. The Place of the Constitution. The Constitution of the United States is the su-preme law of this country; the foundation upon which rests the whole governmental structure. Treaties and laws become of force only when made in pursuance of this fundamental law. The Consti-tution contains those things upon which the Ameri-can people' were once agreed in regard to their GovernmentŠthe things to which they bound them-selves and their representatives. If ever they find this law inadequate or unsatisfactory, they have agreed to constitutionally change or amend it. Though they should choose not only to alter it, but to reverse it entirely, every step toward that end must be taken in recognition of the Constitution and ac-cording to constitutional procedure. Not to do this is to destroy and overthrow the Government as it has hitherto existed, because the Constitution is the in-strument which gave existence to the Government of the United States and by authority of which it has continued to exist. The sovereignty of the peo-ple, as Lincoln well declared, is not for the overthrow of the Constitution, but for the overthrow of those who pervert the Constitution. The Constitution has this place and this reverence because it was made by its framers the legal bulwark of the rights and liberties of the people. How well they guarded those rights in it may be judged from the fact that it has been the object of attack of every movement in the history of this country which has attempted .the abridgement of any of those rights., This law is in force until it is changed by the people. The Natural Method of Subversion. It is therefore a dangerous thing for the Ameri-can GovernmenfŠa day of more than ill omen--when public men treat this instrument as of no force-whatever and determine to ignore it entirely. This; is so plain that it would seem that any scheme, however foreign and antagonistic it might be to the letter and spirit of the Constitution, would by every subtlety and every argument possible be made to appear in accordance therewith or incorporated as a part thereof. This, would certainly seem to be the most natural method of procedure; and it is a method which in most cases has been adopted by those who in the past have attempted to deny to others the freedom so ably guaranteed in the Con-stitution. The movement which THE SENTINEL has opposed from the day of its establishment, and which for half a century has aimed at the subversion of the religious freedom guaranteed by the first amend-ment to the Constitutron, sought for years to attain its object by an amendment to the Constitution.' But at last when the Supreme Court in 5892 decided that this country, according to the language and meaning of the Constitution, was a " Christian na-tion" and therefore constitutionally authorized to enforce all or any part of what was deemed the Christian religion, the promoters of this movement have virtually ceased to agitate for an amendment, and are proceeding with the enforcement, wherever public opinion will allow, of what they deem the in-stitutions and usages of Christianity. They proceed now without an amendment just as they intended to proceed on obtaining an 'amendment. So much for the overthrow of the constitutional guarantee of re-ligious freedom. The Doctrines of Civil Freedom Denied. To-day the doctrines of civil freedom with which the Constitution abounds, and which, must stand or fall with religious freedom, are denied strongly and vigorously by a large and powerful element in this country. But even in this element are those who still have some realization of the true significance of the Constitution and who therefore hesitate at its complete repudiation. There is a disposition in some quarters to hold that this denial of civil free-dom is constitutional, and some journals, not willing to appear boldly in defiance of the organic law of the nation, assert that taxation without representa- 