THE1\_- IVIE.;RICAN SENTINEL. 69 does not believe that Sunday ought to be ob- served; he may be a strict and conscientious observer of Saturday; but that makes no dif- ference; " we are the people, and you must do as we do; if you don't like our ways, you may go somewhere else." And this they call up- holding American liberty! Surely, American history has been written to no purpose, so far as National Reformers are concerned. But Mr. McCarron and his fellow Amend-mentists, in their selfish blindness, forget that some of those who differ with them have not, like the Chinaman, some other place to go to. Says be, " If any of our citizens . . . find our strict Sunday laws too hard to bear, . . . there is only one way of escape from this bond- age. Our gates of egress are just as wide as our gates of ingress." Does he not know that there are in this country thousands of native-born Americans, many of whom can trace their ancestry even to the Mayflower, who stren- uously and conscientiously object to these strict Sunday laws which oblige them to rest on Sun- day after having devoted the preceding day to rest and sacred worship? Where shall these go ? The gate of ingress through which they entered this country was that of birth, and if they are to return whence they came, annihila- tion awaits them. If we happen to differ with these National Reformers, they certainly differ with us to the same extent; then why should we leave the country any more, than they? This is our country as much as it is theirs. We will not attempt to characterize the proposal of Mr. McCarron as it deserves, but will simply quote a few words from the speech of Mr. Blaine in regard to a similar proposal by Lord Salisbury concerning the Irish: "Lord Salisbury gives the remedy. He says, if the Irish do not want to be governed by the British they should leave. But the Irish have been in Ireland quite as long as Lord Salisbury's ancestors have been in England. . . . Therefore we have to say that Lord Salisbury may be called impudent. We would not transgress courtesy if we called him insolent. We would not trans- gress truth if we called him brutal." We can only add, We would not be uncharitable if we substituted " the National Reformers" for "Lord Salisbury," and applied Mr. Blaine's language to them. Now we claim that these conscientious ob- servers of the seventh day, have the same right to protection that the strict observers of Sun-day have. The "American institution" of ,equal liberty for all, grants each party the right to worship on the day which they regard holy, and forbids either party to interfere with the worship of the other. It also guarantees to the non-religionist the privilege of observing no day at all, but forbids him to disturb those who conscientiously rest. We submit to any candid, unprejudiced per-son that the liberty that is guaranteed by our Constitution as it now stands, is all that can be asked by any consistent follower of the golden rule; and that they who ask for a religious amendment to the Constitution, are seeking to overthrow the only distinctive institution which America has; and if all who are seeking to overthrow American institutions should be ban-ished, the National Reformers should be the first to go. E. 3, W. The Principles of National Reform. Ix our August number we showed by indu-bitable proofs that the National Reform move-ment is nothing but an effort to place this Government on a foundation of Reformed Pres-byterianism, and to subject it to the distinctive principles of the Reformed Presbyterian Church. We showed in their own words that, "National Reform is simply the practical application of the principles of the Reformed Presbyterian Church for the reformation of the Nation." Now the Reformed Presbyterian Church claims to be the direct and only lineal descend- ant of the Covenanters, and prides itself upon being the modern representative, and the sole conservator, of genuine Covenanter principles. Therefore by studying Covenanter principles, and their practical application, we may form some idea of what the result would be if the National Reform party should succeed in mak- ing "practical application of the principles of the Reformed Presbyterian [Covenanter] Church" in this Nation. We have not space for one-twentieth, no not one-one-hundredth, part of the evidence that might easily be given in illus- tration of the " practical application " of these principles. Our quotations must be few and brief. The best summary on the subject of these principles, that we have seen, is an arti-cle by "A Presbyterian Minister" in the New York Independent of Nov. 11,1880, entitled " Is It RightŠA Protest." And the best summary of the application of the principles, that per-haps anybody has ever seen, is chapter V. of Buckle's "History of Civilization." It is the principles rather than their application which we shall here discuss; for in reading these it can readily enough be seen what their applica- tion would be in the hands of the National Re-formers, when clothed with power to make the application. The Covenants which embody the principles of the Covenanters, and, per force, of the Na-tional Reformers, are entitled " The National Covenant or Confession of Faith," and the "Solemn League and Covenant," and are both of Scotch Presbyterian origin. The first of these, "The National Covenant or Confession of Faith," was "first subscribed in 1580; again, by all persons of all ranks in 1581; again, in 1590; again, in the language of its title, ' sub- scribed by Barons, Nobles, Burgesses, Ministers, and Commons, in 1638, approven by the General Assembly, 1638 and 1639; and subscribed again by persons of all ranks and qualities in the year 1639, by an ordinance of Council, upon the sup-plication of the General Assembly, an act of the General Assembly, certified by an act of Parliament 1640;' and, finally, in compliance with the urgent demands of Scottish Presbyte-rians, subscribed by Charles II., in 1650 and 1651, as being, along with the Solemn League and Covenant, the one prime and only condition of their restoring him to power." Among many other like things, that Covenant declares, in approval of various acts of the Scottish Parliament, in these words:Š " . . . do condemn all erroneous books and writs concerning erroneous doctrine against the religion presently professed, or containing superstitious rites and ceremonies papistical, . . . and ordains the home-bringers of them  to be punished . . . and ordains the users of them to be punished for the second fault as i dol aters.' " The religion "presently professed," remem-ber, was the CovenanterŠthe National Reform Šreligion. And note, all opposition to that religion, in doctrine or in worship, in books or in rites, was to be punished for the second fault as idolatry. What then was the punishment for idolatry ? John Knox had already laid down the law on this point, and here it is in his own words and in his own spelling:Š " None provoking the people to idolatrie oght to be exempted from the punishment of death. . . . The whole tribes did in verie dede exe- cute that sharp judgement against the tribe of Benjamin for a lesse offense than for idolatrie. And the same oght to be done wheresoever Christ Jesus and his Evangill [Gospel] is so re-ceaved in any realme province or eitie that the magistrates and people have solemnly avowed and promised to defend the same, as under King Edward [VI.] of late days was done in England. In such places, I say, it is not only lawful to punish to the death such as labor to subvert the true religion, but the magistrates and people are bound to do so onless they will provoke the wrath of God against themselves." ŠSee "Knox's Works, Laing's edition, vol. IV., pp. 500-515 ;" or " Lecky's History of Rational-ism," vol. II., pp. 50, 51, note 6. 'For the protection of the religion "presently professed" the Covenant further declares of it:Š "Which by manifold acts of Parliament, all within this realm are bound to profess, to sub-scribe the articles thereof, to recant all doctrine and errors repugnant to any of the said articles, . . . and all magistrates, sheriffs, etc., . . . are ordained to search, apprehend, an punish all contraveners; . . that none shall be reputed loyal and faithful subjects to our sover-eign Lord or his authority, but be punishable as rebellers and gainstanders of the same, who shall not give their confession and make their profession of the said true religion." Again the Covenant declares that it is the duty of the, magistratestoŠ "Maintain the true religion of Christ Jesus." Š" And that they should be careful to root out of their empire all heretics and enemies to the true worship of God who shall be convicted by the true Kirk of God of the aforesaid crimes.' So much for the "National Covenant or Con-fession of Faith;" but by this may be under-stood the National Reform declaration that the duty of the Nation is, "an acknowledgment and exemplification of the duty of national Covenanting with" God. THE SOLEMN LEAGUE AND COVENANT. The "Solemn League and Covenant" is of the same tenor, and came about in this way: In the trouble between the English Nation and King Charles I., Presbyterianism arose to power in England, and they called on their Cove-nanter co-religionists of Scotland to help them out of the trouble.. This the Covenanters would do only upon the English complying with the "imperative demand of the Scot's Parliament that the religious system of Scotland should be adopted as that of England." The Covenanters of course proposed the Covenant, but Vane, the chief negotiator for England, "stipulated for a League," as well as a Covenant, and so was formed the "Solemn League and Covenant."ŠKnight's England, chap. 92. This, as the basis of union and of action, was entered into in 1643, and was to be " the perpetual bond of union " be-tween the kingdoms. In it, it was 'declared:Š 