392 VoL. 10, No. 49. NEW YORK, DECEMBER 12, 1895. Pr' ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. THE " Christian " nations of Europe would put a stop to the slaughter going on in Arme-nia, which is shocking the whole civilized world, for they have plenty of power; only they are too jealous of each other, and each is too fearful that the others will get the advan-tage of her, should she give them the least chance to do so. This is national " Chris-tianity." ON another page we print an account of a recent trial and conviction at Olney, Ill., under the Sunday statute of that State, as viewed by one not an observer of the seventh-day Sab-bath. The paper from which the report is taken says editorially: "The trial of a Sev-enth-day Adventist for breaking the sabbath, which occurred in Olney the past week, met with but one general verdict in the minds of the masses,Š` persecution.' " READER, for which of two things do you entertain most respect,Šfor a statute enacted by men? or for justice? If you respect the law, do you respect it merely because men have enacted it? or because you deem it just? If you deemed it unjust, would you consider it more entitled to respect than that which would be justice in the same matter? If you respect a statute simply because it is the " law," though unjust, do you think that in passing such a " law " men have legislated justice out of existence upon that point? Then is there not always a divine law of jus-tice covering every case? and ought not the primary consideration with respect to all human legislation to be not, What is the statute? but What is the law of justice? WHILE there is in our country an almost universal sentiment against a " union of Church and State," it is unfortunately true that the meaning of the expression is, in the popular conception, decidedly vague; and, what is worse, it is in many minds altogether different from what is meant by a union of the State with religion; so that while there would be an almost unanimous expression of opinion against a union of the State with some one religious body of Christendom, there would be very much less opposition to an effort to unite the work of the State with the inculca-tion of the " general principles" of the Chris-tian religion. In the one case the opposition might spring wholly from a selfish motive of jealousy on the part of other denominations than the particular one chosen to be the recip-ient of State aid, and not from any opposition to the inherent injustice of the scheme. Such sentiment constitutes no safeguard to reli- gious freedom. The true champion of human liberty acts from a love of liberty itself, and from a desire to see all mankind in the enjoy-ment of their common, God-given heritage. THE Evening Sun, of this city, had in its issue of the 25th ult., this item of news:Š Jacob Levy, of 145 East Broadway, was arraigned in the Essex Market Police Court this morning by Policeman Holland, of the Madison Street station on a charge of having sold an overcoat yesterday in vio-lation of the Sunday law. The policeman was passing Levy's place yesterday when he saw a woman and a boy in the store. The boy had a new overcoat on, and the policeman con-cluded that it had just been purchased. He arrested the proprietor. Magistrate Wentworth, after hearing the case, dis-charged Levy. The same policeman also arraigned Louis Samuel-son, of 49 East Broadway, on a similar charge. The prisoner said that he always observed Saturday as his Sabbath. He said that he did not know that he was violating the law. He was discharged. The same paper told of ',the arrest of John Stimmel, proprietor, and Max DeWinter, a waiter, for selling a glass of soda-water. They were both held for trial in General Sessions. Such arrests simply illustrate the absurdity of Sunday legislation. SUNDAY " LAW " PROTECTION IN ENGLAND. UNDER the working of the Sunday " law " of England which applies to labor done in factories, the publishing office of the Present Truth, 451 Holloway Road, North London, has been obliged to close its manufacturing department, owing to repeated fines and seizures of property used in operating the plant. The "law," which says that women and minors must not work in factories on Sundays, was designed to protect this class of individ-uals from the unscrupulous greed of factory owners and operators. Its purpose was thus a very good one. But this good purpose, sought to be carried out by a Sunday " law," has resulted in some strange proceedings, and in injury to the ones whom it aimed to benefit. For several years the publishing house in question, all whose employs regularly rest on the seventh day, observing it as the Sabbath, was permitted to do its work unmolested; the officials knowing that no hardship or oppres-sion at which the law aimed existed within it. But latterly they or their successors became seized with an inspiration to apply the Sun-day " law " to the case; and this brought before the operatives the following alterna-tives :- 1. They could renounce Christianity and become Jews, or proclaim themselves such, and continue their work as usual; the "law" containing an exemption for Jews. This the visiting officials repeatedly urged them to do. 2. They could comply with the law, and rest on Sunday, thus violating their conscien-tious convictions of right and duty as defined by the fourth commandment, besides suffering  the financial loss involved by Sunday idleness; or,- 3. They could continue to work as usual, adhering to their convictions of duty, and suffer whatever consequences their disregard of the " law " might bring upon them. They chose the latter alternative, and the machinery of legal compulsion was speedily set in motion, with the result which has been stated. Formerly, for several weeks, the employs affected by the statute, ceased work on Sun-days, in the endeavor to conform to its de-mands. Some of them felt keenly the hard-ship of the loss of a whole day's wages each week from their limited income; but they could comfort(?) themselves with the thought that they were " protected "! Now they are thrown out of employment altogether (unless they have found new employment, which in England is a matter of great difficulty) and are brought face to face with all the hardships of enforced idleness, without the means of support; butŠthey are " protected"! Speaking of the seizures which have resulted in closing their manufacturing department, the Present Truth, of Nov. 28, says :Š We have no words of reproach for those who are engaged in this work of spoliation. They are to be pitied rather than blamed. We are sure that person-ally they dislike the business, but are moved by a mistaken sense of duty. They are in the toils of the papal system, which has infected all nations, and which puts earthly governments in the place of God, and so they imagine that they are " compelled " to enforce laws regardless of how much they conflict with the law of God. The end is not yet. God is not dead, nor asleep, nor indifferent. " He hath appointed a day in the which he will judge the world in righteousness." Then that divine law, which is now so lightly set aside by legislators and judges, will be the accuser, and " the Lord alone will be exalted in that day." "The mighty man shall cry there bitterly." Who will be wise in time to have God's truth a protection instead of a destruction We may well beware of the Sunday "law" and its " protection." NOTICE. PROMPTLY at the close of this year we will have a limited number of complete volumes of the SENTINEL for 1895, bound in the usual styles: Manilla paper cover, $1.50; Cloth, leather back and corners, $2.50. Mail or ex-press, prepaid. Let those who desire a copy order at once, that the supply may be regulated in some de-gree by the demand. In past years we have not been able to fill all orders on account of the limited number of volumes reserved for binding. The same may be the case this year, so order promptly, as orders will be filled in the order they are received. A moment's reflection will call to your mind the important matter that has appeared in the SENTINEL during 1895. Hence the importance of obtaining a copy for reference. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City Ł 