Jesus Teaching His Disciples that Gospel Work Does Not Sanction the Destruction of Men's Lives. Because the people of the Samaritan village refused to receive Jesus, his disciples asked him. "Lord, wilt thou that we command fire to come down from heaven, and consume them, even as Elias did? But he turned, and rebuked them, and said, Ye know not what manner of spirit ye are of. For the Son of man is not come to destroy men's lives, but to save them." AMERICAN SENTINEL. 405 No more remarkable experience could ever come to a Christian worker than to our women when, filled and en-thused with the greatness of this gospel, seeing it in its own clear setting of eternal glory, realizing what it and it alone can do, they have gone for the first time into some home in which Egyptian darkness reigned, and have begun the effort to awaken an ignorant and prejudiced mother, perhaps a hardened, discouraged and vicious one, to some understanding of her responsibilities and privi-leges as one who has been entrusted with a portion of God's heritage and reward. In my work as National Evangelist it was my duty to hold institutes and teachmethods of reaching mothers of all classes; and I can probably do no bet-ter than to give an outline of the plan of work which has been followed for years, and which has borne blessed fruit. The first point empha-sized was to keep the work as near the cradle as possible. Let any father and mother discover that you have a genuine interest in the baby, and they will listen to anything which you may have to say that concerns the life and well-being of any child. I have known men of the world to abandon the use of tobacco as well as strong drink, and make as thor-ough a reformation as possible in their habits of life, because of truth which the mother had learned in the talk of the W. C. T. U. evangelist over the cradle of her child, or in a mother's meeting, and which she re-peated to the father. One father came to me at the close of a Sunday service and said: "I thought you might be glad to know that what you have said to the mothers has led me to give up my to-bacco entirely, and reform in many other things." d"Wilen," I said, "you believe that I told the truth." "As to that," he said, "I thought it might be that some things were put rather strong, but I reasoned this way: I am absorbed in business; I have not time to look into these subjects that you have, and I had to believe that there must be truth in it, for you would not dare to  go out representing that great body of the best women in the world and teach falsehood, and I concluded if there was a shadow of truth in what you have taught about parental responsibility and pre-natal influence, and the effect of a father's habits on his children, that I could not afford to risk it any longer for the sake of the children which I expect to have; so I have set myself to work to clean my life up to the best of my ability." And I am sure no one will be surprised to know that as he went on honestly in this endeavor, he soon found his need of a power greater than his own will, and so surren-dered to the Holy Spirit, accepted Christ, and began with his wife to make a truly Christian atmosphere into which to welcome the child that was expected in their home. -00- The Everlasting Gospel.ŠNo. 3. BY C. H. KESLAKE. THE gospel of Rev. 14:6, 7 is the gospel of Jesus Christ, for there is no other. All that the gospel re-quires is expressed in the  words : " Fear God and give glory to him, for the hour of his judgment is come; and worship him that made hea-ven and earth, the sea and the fountains of waters." With reference to the foregoing it has been shown that the call to "fear God," etc., is really a call to keep the command-ments of God. It has also been shown that this gospel message, as expressed in those words, must be proclaimed at the time when the prophecy of Rev. 13:11-17 is being fulfilled. Furthermore it has been shown that the two-horned beast of verse 11 is the United States, and that consequently it is in this country and by this Government that the work of enforcing what the prophecy calls the "mark of the beast" is to be car-ried on. With reference to this work, it has been pointed out that in the very nature of things it would be propagated as a gospel work, having for its object that which would be professedly the worship of God, but which in reality would be the worship of the "beast" of verse 1, which is a 