294 A.TVIIHALISCA.INT S.ENTIINTIET.A. VoL. 9, No. 37. holding steadfastly to the high ideal of Jesus, allowed herself to hearken to the words of short-sighted thinkers and drift with the current of a settled policy, which has of late become more and more appar-ent with each successive administration. The introduction of military training into the common schools of America marked the triumph of the military spirit of des-potic Europe over the long-cherished tra-ditions of the Republic. Not satisfied with teaching the manual of arms in col-leges, which should be dedicated to peace and true civilization, the high schools have come under the curse of this blunt-ing, soul-shrivelling influence of war, and so cunningly has this spirit of savagery been fostered that the lower schools are now threatened with its infection. The mothers, wives and sisters in this great Republic, and all who love, peace, justice and enlightenment, have a great responsibility resting upon them. If the savage is to be beaten back to his lair and the man again enthroned, there is not an hour to be lost.ŠB. 0. Flower, in Arena. for August. Ł Ł Ł  Influenced by Dogma. MAYOR SCHIEREN, of Brooklyn, has re-fused a permit to the German societies of that city to parade on Sunday, October 21, on the occasion of the laying of the corner stone of the new German hospital. The mayor says :Š Neither Germans, Irish, nor Bohemians should ask for special privileges. I am not the, mayor of the Germans alone. I believe in churches and am a churchman. I cannot license something that the law prohibits. The law to which the mayor refers is Section 276 of the Penal Code of New York, which is as follows:Š Sec. 276. All processions and parades on Sunday in any city, excepting only funeral processions for the actual burial of the dead, and processions to and from a place of worship in connection with a religious service there celebrated, are forbidden; and in such excepted cases there shall be no music, fireworks, dis-charge of canon or firearms, or other disturbing noise. At a military funeral, bud at the burial of a national guardsman, or of a deceased member of an association of veteran soldiers, or of a disbanded militia ivgi-ment, music may be played while escorting the body, but not within one block of a place of worship where service is then celebrated. A person willfully violat-ing any provisions of this section is punishable by a fine not exceeding $20, or imprisonment not exceeding ten days, or both. The mayor certainly has the law on his side; but why should he lug in the fact that he believes in churches, etc. ? If he is influenced in his action by his loyalty to the law and his determination to ad-minister it impartially, why introduce his views on religion ? Is it after all not ap-parent that Mr. Schieren is influenced in this matter more by his regard for Sunday than by fidelity to civil law ? Persecuting Sabbath-Keepers. THE Examiner, July 12th, speaking through Dr. Wayland, late editor of the National Baptist, utters the following genuinely " Baptist doctrine." We are waiting to hear the chorus of Baptist voices lifted in defense of that sort of religious liberty, which means something on questions like that considered in the following;Š " I apprehend that all of the Pennsyl-vania readers of the Examiner will echo the sentiments expressed in the article  headed, "Shame on Maryland," for her violation of religious liberty in punishing au unoffending farmer who observed the seventh day, for husking corn on Sunday, while allowing thousands of saloons and brothels and gambling houses to be open every Sunday. We in Philadelphia may have our faultsŠI neither affirm nor deny Šbut we do believe in religious liberty; and we do not believe in Church and State. The other day a highly respected and very Reformed and United Presbyterian brother brought to the conference a peti-tion in favor of the Christian amendment to the Constitution. As a matter of cour-tesy, he was allowed to read his petition, and to lay it on the table for signatures. But, if I were to say that his appeal pro-voked a bewildering amount of enthusi-asm, I might lay myself open to the charge of exaggeration. As he was leaving the room after the adjournment he inquired of a brother, ' Is this such a reception as this cause may expect in the Baptist meet-ings?' And the reply was, 'Just about." ŠEvangel and Sabbath Outlook. Significant Paragraphs. [We publish under this heading'paragraphs more or less significant, without either approval or dissent, and without comment. The careful observer of the signs of the times will readily discern the pertinent facts and opinions, and will know how to turn them to account in the great controversy between truth and error.] Absence of Faith In Protestantism. HER Majesty, Queen Victoria, is Head of the Church of England, as by law estab-lished. Successor of the amiable Henry VIII. in the temporal order, she is in the spiritual order, as he declared himself and as he was accepted by the trembling clergy and laity of England and by its subserv-ient Parliament, " Supreme Head on earth of the Church of England." She is the guardian of faith and the custodian of truth in the realm of England; her oath at her coronation gives her spiritual as well as temporal jurisdiction. This power she may not exercise herself; she may delegate it to the Court of Arches or to Parliament, which created the Church of England, yet she remains, in theory and in logic, by the institution of the royal supremacy and the institution of the church, the supreme judge in matters of faith and morals. She does not exercise that power herself, and curiously enough she is careful not to delegate it to the convocations of the clergy or to the deci-sions of the bishops and archbishops of England; but she is careful to have her spiritual authority exercised by Parlia-ment, and especially by the courts com-posed of lay judges, who at any moment may be Presbyterians, Baptists, Catholics or even Jews, and who at the best have never made theological studies, to prepare them to judge questions of faith and morals, of doctrine and discipline, of the rubrics and other matters of purely eccle-siastical import. This is of course an un-natural arrangement and illogical, but everything about the Church of England and indeed about Protestantism, is unnat-ural. With them all, faith and doctrine vary with the times; what their fathers received as truth, they reject or modify according to the tendency of the opinion, or rather whim of the day. Exactness of doctrine has no meaning in their eyes; truth has no stability; faith, pure faith, the acceptance of revelation, does not exist in their minds; everything is a mat- ter of opinion, and like all opinions sub-ject to change, to be accepted or rejected, in whole or in part, according as the cur-rent of popular ideas sways back and forth. In their eyes doctrine is a matter of circumstances and faith is modified thereby. Queen Victoria is a true specimen of this absence in Protestantism of doctrinal belief and faith. In England she is head of the Church, as by law established, and she attends regularly the Anglican Church. When she goes up to her beloved Scotland she is often a devout attendant at the Presbyterian services, and towards all other sects she shows an interest which would lead one to believe that she consid-ered they all possess the truth. Only to-wards one church is she inexorable; to-wards it all sects are also inexorable in their opposition as all errors are opposed to truth. It is the Catholic Church which is thus everywhere and at all times op-posed by the sects, all, of which, except one at the most, must logically be in error as they all contradict each other in matters of doctrine, as they are all constantly changing in their beliefs. In another way Queen Victoria affords another instance of the absence of full faith even in sincere Protestants. She is head of the Church of England, the Prot-estant Episcopal Church; yet her daugh-ters, when they marry out of England, adopt the religion of their husbands. Her eldest daughter, when she became the wife of the Crown Prince, adopted the Lutheran religion, that of her country of adoption, and her children, the present Emperor of Germany and his brother, are Lutherans. Princess Alice, who married the Grand Duke of Hesse, also adopted the forms of the Lutheran Church and her children were baptized into that church. She, herself, however, was of too logical a mind to be satisfied with the variations of Protestantism, and she frankly accepted the theories of free-thought. She read the proofs of the books published by Strauss against Christianity, and scandalized her mother and family, and even her libertine husband, by the audacity and recklessness of her opinions. It was only when the shadow of death came into her family and that her beloved children were in its awful presence, that she turned back to God and sought in prayer the strength and consolation which all her philosophy could never supply. Her daughter is now engaged to be mar-ried, and like her mother, she too has to give up the faith of her childhood and bow before new altars. She has found favor in the eyes of the Czar of Russia, and her hand is to be bestowed on his son, the Czarowitch. She must, according to RtAsian law, belong to the national church, and therefore she is to embrace the faith of the Greek Church. All this seems quite natural to Protestantism, and yet is it not making a mockery of faith, trifling with the truth, making alliances with error and heresy ?ŠThe Monitor, May 26, 1894. Father Cronin Warns Republican Leaders. BUFFALO, Sept. 6.ŠThe Catholic Union and Times in its issue of to-day contains an open letter from the Rev. Patrick Cronin addressed to the leaders of the Republican party in Buffalo and in the State of New York on the subject of the A. P. A. Father Cronin warns the Re-publican leaders that disaster threatens the party if it continues to foster members 