366 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. the army and navy; and to supplement the amount rendered necessary by reason of the exemption of church property from taxation?ŠSurely not. It would be quite as proper and as just had the opponents of Sunday observance the power, for them to enact a law fining and imprisoning people for preaching or praying on Sunday, as it is now to like-wise punish for working or playing on that day. The arrest and imprisonment of citizens who (though thoroughly reli-gious and many of them Christians) do not believe in Sunday observance is as ar-bitrary and tyrannical as any act that his-tory records. Three Baptists (who ob-serve religiously the seventh day of the week) have been for months languishing in a prison in Tennessee for the crime (!) of attending to their gardens or performing some ordinary farm duties on Sunday. Think of this in this land which boasts of civil liberty ! There is no greater denial of civil lib-erty than the exclusion from the World's Fair of millions of our citizens on'the only day of the week they can visit it, because, forsooth ! certain religious fanatics regard it as a sacred day. The danger to civil liberty in the mat-ter of religious teaching in our public schools is recognized even by the clergy. The late Rev. Howard Crosby, D. D., said : " There is no safety for our country but in non-sectarian (elementary) educa-tion." The sentiment of all intelligent, reflect-ing and just persons is that of a firm op-position to contributing, either directly or indirectly, by the State, in support of any religious institutions. The system of exempting church property from taxation is an indirect method of appropriating money for the support of places of wor-ship. Many of the clergy who believe in civil liberty as a principle boldly denounce this exemption. Rev. Dr. Shipman, of Christ Church, New York City, says : " That which is protected by government may justly be compelled to maintain it. I would like to see all church property throughout the land taxed to the last dol-lar's worth. The Church may fight this question, but sooner or later the battle will go against it, and its retreat will not be only with dented armor but with ban-ners soiled." Judge Story of the United States Su-preme Court says (in the Girard will case) : " The Constitution of 1790 and the like permission will, in substance, be found in the Constitution of 1776, and the existing Constitution of 1838 expressly declares that no man can of right be com-pelled to attend, erect or support any place of worship, or to maintain any min-istry against his consent. . . . It must have been intended to extend equally to all sects, whether they believe in Chris-tianity or not, and whether they are Jews or infidels." To the honor of those branches of the Christian Church known as Baptists and Methodists, be it known, that they have declined to accept the money appropriated by the general Government for religious instruction among the Indians, on the ground that the Government has no bus-iness whatever to make such appropria-tions. Sunday laws, appointments of religious and fast days, and of chaplains; the, re-quirements of oaths and religious teach-ings in our public schools ; sectarian appropriations of money and exemption  of church property from taxationŠall are clearly interferences with that civil lib-erty which grants equal privileges and imparts equal justice to allŠto the reli-gious and to those who make no profes-sion of religion. The Constitution of the United States says : " Congress shall make no law re-specting the establishment of religion," and yet, in the face of this section and in utter disregard of it, there is a virtual establishment of the Christian religion, as is shown, for instance, by its recognition in the religious services had at the open-ing of each day's session of Congress. The Constitution also says : " No reli-gious test shall be required as a qualifica-tion to any office," and yet no person will be permitted to fill certain offices, unless they take a prescribed oath as a test of be-lief in a particular religion. The State of New York (among other States) ha4 a law positively prohibiting appropriations of any money for sectarian purposes, and yet such appropriations are annually made in addition to indirect con-tributions for the support of churches by exempting church property from the op-eration of a uniform tax law. What a mockery to claim that we have civil liberty in this country! Chris-tianity, by its intolerant spirit and its im-pudent assumption of superior knowledge and superior goodness, has robbed us of this boon. When I speak of Christianity and of Christians, I make an exception in favor of many unpretentious, tolerant, liberal-minded and justice-loving believers in that faith. From such come honorable protests against invasions of civil liberty. Rev. I. L. Wilkinson, D. D. (Baptist), says : " Ours is a civil Government, strictly and exclusively; its jurisdiction extends only over civil affairs. A Chris-tian government implies a State religion. Religious liberty does not mean liberty for the Christian religion alone." Bishop Venner says : " The mixing up of politics with religion, under any cir-cumstances, is fraught with manifold and multiform dangers. There is no tyranny so cruel, no yoke so intolerable, as priest-craft when vested with temporal author-. ity. More political atrocities, butcheries, crimes and enormities have been com-mitted in the name and on account of re-ligion than have arisen from any and all other causes combined." Advocates of civil liberty in all ages and in all lands have uttered their protests against the domination of the Church. Christ's injunctionŠ" Render unto Caesar the things that are Cmsar's "Šis a precept which the Christian Church daily repudiates. Edward I. of England caused taxes to be levied on the clergy on the true prin-ciple that those who are protected by the State should share its burdens. J. L. M. Curry, in Johnson's Encyclo-pedia (article " Religious Liberty ") says : Unfortunately, Constantine, in 313, established Christianity by law, and since that time Christians, when they have ob-tained power, have allied their religion with civil authorities." The Jewish Times, in a recent article on sectarian enactments (such as Sunday, oath and blasphemy laws) and of the re-ligious intolerance and fanaticism which has injected them into our politics, says : "There is not one of these enactments that may not on any day be invoked against citizens who do not profess the  Christian religion. The Adventists, Jews, Agnostics and the great body of ration-alists at large have not the equal rights guaranteed by the Constitution that Chris-tians have." John Stuart Mill says : " Mankind could no more be justified in silencing the hon-est opinion of one person than that one person would, had he the power, be justified in silencing the opinion of mankind." And yet, here in this country, where civil liberty is supposed to abound more ex-tensively than in any other, there are mil-lions of people whose opinions are silenced by the noisy, dogmatic, bigoted, persecu-ting upholders of the Christian Church. Civil liberty exists in this country to a very limited degree and it will so con-tinue as long as this domineering, tyran-nical and unjust Christian Church is per-mitted to rob us of our civil rights. The late Rev. Henry J. VanDyke, D. D. (Presbyterian), had the courage to say : " If we can not have liberty and ortho-doxy, let orthodoxy go." And so let us say that if we can not have religion and liberty, let religion go. If religious lib-erty endangers civil liberty let religious liberty go by all means, for we can easily dispense with the latter, but will be re-manded to dark and barbarous ages if civil liberty be denied us. Mrs. M. A. Freeman, Corresponding Secretary American Secuar Union, writes : " The people have permitted various privileges to the Church. It has become arrogant with the granting of them and follows but the course of bigotry in all ages. It is not satisfied with the various priestly perquisites it enjoys but, throw-ing aside all disguise, demands for its divinities the Nation itself." The granting of religious liberty, at the expense of civil liberty, in the days of Thomas wine, had this effect, says Colonel Ingersoll : "All kinds of Christians had the rightŠand it was their dutyŠto brand, im-prison and kill infidels of every kind." There has been no greater enemy of civil liberty than the Christian Church, from the fourth century (when it became ascendent) even to the present time, dur-ing which period it has caused the shed-ding of rivers of human blood, in its hatred of, and conflict with, civil liberty.. We boast of civil liberty in this country; seeming to forget that we are denied every civil right except such as the Church per-mits. How long is this condition of things to last? Will the Church grow wise enough, in the near future, to recognize our rights and cease its opposition thereto? or will the time come when the lovers of civil liberty will demand the possession of those rights at whatever cost ? for the spirit of the age insists that we have true, pure, unmingled civil liberty. " In the Chain-gang." READER, have you done anything to assist in circulating that excellent tract, " In the Chain-gang for Conscience' Sake," noticed in this paper a few weeks ago ? If not, be sure to send at once to the National Religious Liberty Associa-tion, Battle Creek, Mich., for a good sup-ply, and then scatter them among your neighbors. This tract is a brief history of the persecution of Seventh-day Advent-ists in Tennessee; it costs only fifty cents per hundred, and will surely be read by everyone who sees it. 