THE A_IVIF,'RICAN SENTINEL. 99 Whose Image and Superscription Is This? IT is evident that the leaders in the American Sabbath Union are considerably disturbed over the SENTINEL'S disclosure of their crooked meth-ods in obtaining indorsements to their petitions to Congress. This is shown by the fact that they are endeavoring to shield themselves' by insinu-ating that unfair methods were employed by those who secured signatures to the counter petition. It is worthy of note, however, and should be re-membered by all, that the worst charge that has yet been brought by the most bigoted Sunday-law worker is that people were " batten-holed " and asked to sign it. Inasmuch as no one could put his own signature to the petition unleSs the can-vasser did collie pretty close to him with it, we regard this as a good testimonial to the conscien-tiousness with which the work was performed. We have before called attention to the frauds practiced by the active workers for a Sunday law, but we fear that some have lost sight of them. Many people still think that fourteen million signatures have actually been obtained to the petition asking Congress to make a Sunday law. We ourselves were deceived at the first into thinking that two, or three million signatures had been obtained; but when the number jumped at once from six million to fourteen million, by the letter from Cardinal Gibbons, we knew there was fraud; and from that time we kept discovering fresh frauds. Following is a brief statement of them. The petition for a Sunday law, to which it is claimed that upwards of fourteen nillion signa-tures have been obtained, reads thus:Š " The undersigned, adult residents of the United States, 21 years of age or more, hereby earnestly petition your honorable body to pass a bill forbid-ding in the Nation's mail and military service, and in inter-State commerce, and in the District of Columbia and the Territories, all Sunday work, traffic, etc." That is plain enough to be understood by any-body. If that had been .circulated in a legiti-mate manner, for individual signatures, no com-plaint could have been made. But right on the 'face of the sheet which contained the petition, provision was deliberately made for fraud. , Im-mediately below the petition was the following note " When a labor organization or church, or any other society, indorses the petition BY VOTE, let the ' name 'of the organization be signed, with the attesting signatures of the presiding officer and 'clerk or secretary, with place and date, and in the margin, under number of petitioners,' indicate the numbers in the organization petitioning." This meant that at any meeting of any church or society, a vote could be taken on the petition. If a majority of the members present voted in favor of it, the presiding officer and the clerk would sign their names and set down the number of members in the entire church or society. Now it must be evident to the most zealous partisan that such a plan could not by any possibility secure an individual expression of opinion. In the first place it allowed a part to speak for the whole, and in the second place it counted those members who were opposed to the bill, as favor-ing it. In many -cases a minority would speak for the whole. Not only was this provision.mee for fraud, but people were urged to commit fraud by secur-ing the indorsement of the same person twice.  In the "Monthly Document" of the American Sabbath Union, for December, the following ap-peared in a circular which editors were requested to publish:Š " We ask every religious paper to publish our petition, and every church and preachers' meeting and religious conference or convention to indorse the petition by resolution, and also, as far as pos-sible, by individual signatures, which duplicate its strength." That is plain enough, too. The leaders of the American Sabbath Union deliberately urged peo-ple to perpetrate fraud in securing indorsements of the Sunday-Rest bill. The above shows that the indorsement "by ,vote" was considered the chief thing. Whenever there was an assembly they wanted those present to vote the indorse-ment of the organization, so that all the members could be counted as favoring the petition, and then they wanted the strength of the petition duplicated, " as far as possible" by individual signatures. This shows that the securing of hi-dividual signatures Was considered a secondary matter, except that those individual signatures would duplicate the strength of the petition. A church of three hundred members could indorse the petition by vote some Sunday evening, and the whole three hundred counted for it, even though no more than one hundred members were present. Then zealous workers could secure the individual signatures of two-thirds of the members, includ-ing those present at the time of the vote; and so from a church of three hundred members, of whom only one hundred had seen the petition, and only one hundred more had heard of it, a list of five hundred petitioners could be sent in. And just such fraud as this was provided for and urged by the leaders in the Sunday-law move-ment. The method of indorsement "by vote" was so much easier, however, that, as will be seen, very little effort was made to secure individual signatures. On Wednesday, January 16, the first petitions were presented to Congress. After senators from several States, including Illinois, Pennsylvania, Massachusetts, and Indiana, had presented pe-titions from churches, labor unions, Woman's Christian Temperance Unions, etc., from their re=spective States, Mr. Blair arose and said "I present petitions of several bodies, praying for the passage of a Sunday-Rest law. Of the pe-titions, the following analysis is submitted by those who desire their presentation:Š Petitions from national bodies: CONTENTS. 1. Individual signatures 407 2. Representative signatures by indorsements of bodies and meetings 14,174,337  Total  .............................14,174,744   "Analysis of the latter:Š "First indorsement is that of the American Sab-bath Union, which was officially constituted by official action of the General Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church, the Home Missionary Society of the Baptist Church, the General Assem-blies of the Presbyterian Church (North and South), and the Synod of the Reformed Church, five denominations, whose membership together is 5,977,693. Of the membership of the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers, the indorsement of whose international convention stand% second, at least 20,000 citizens of the United States. Of the Knights of Labor, the indorsement of whose in-ternational convention stands third, at least 219,-000 citizens of the United States. The Presby-terian General Assembly, North, whose action stands next, had at the time of the indorsement 722,071 members. The convention of Christian Workers, whose indorsement is next, had 450 present when the unanimous vote of indorsement was taken. The Woman's Christian Temperance  Union, which comes next, had 185,521 at the time of the vote. The Roman Catholics, for whom Cardinal Gibbons speaks, number 7,200,000." Now what do we learn from this? Several things, namely: That out of 14,174,744 alleged petitioners for the Sunday law, only 407 persons, actually signed the petition. That in order to produce a greater effect, the petitions were pre-sented first by States and Territories, and then in bulk. In that way the strength of the petitions, which had already been duplicated, was dupli-cated again. But this is not all. We find that the entire membership of the Methodist, the Baptist, and the Presbyterian Churches in the.United States is taken to help make up the 14,174,744 alleged petitioners. This was done because the annual convention of those bodies indorsed the petition. A vote by a few hundred people was thus swelled into nearly seven million. Not only so, but by the wording of the petition, every member of those churches was certified to as being "21 years of age or more." Of course everybody rec-ognizes that as another fraud. Still further : The entire membership of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, the Knights of Labor, and the Brotherhood of Locomo-tive Engineers, is counted on the strength of a vote taken by a few members of those bodies, in conven-tion assembled. Of course the members of the -Woman's Christian Temperance Union could, on general principles, be counted as favoring the bill; but as they are Christian women, they of course be-long to some one of the churches previously re-ported. The same is true largely of the Knights of Labor and the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engi-neers. Not only were they represented as favoring the bill, although but few of them had ever heard of it,:and many were opposed, but they were repre-sented three times, as we have already seen. More yet: After this 14,000,000 and more petitioners, only 407 of whom ever petitioned, had been presented to Congress as organizations, then as churches, etc., Mr. Blair arose again and said: I have here a petition of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union of New Jersey, with 6,000 mem-bers; of Indiana, 2,500 members; of Massachusetts, 6,000; of Delaware, 800; of Illinois, 9,000; of Iowa, 6,009; of Pennsylvania, 6,000; of Dakota, 1,800, and the National nearly 20,000, praying Congress, etc." Just think! Petitions from many of these State temperance unions had been first presented by other senators: Then they were presented in the churches, then in the National Union, then again separately, and then once more in the Na-tional W. C. T. U. again ; and after all this some more petitions were presented from Temperance Unions and "Sabbath Associations." Some of these good women were therefore presented as petitioners not less than six times in one day; and since then petitions have been presented from the same people nearly every day while the session lasted. But this is not all by any means. Mr. Blair said in his analysis of the petitions: "The Roman Catholics, for whom Cardinal Gibbons 'speaks, number 7,200,000." Cardinal Gibbons had written a letter to Mr. Crafts, personally favoring the Sunday bill, and on the strength of that let-ter, the American Sabbath Union counted 7,200,-000 names. Not only that, but they certified that all the Catholics in the United States, men, women, and childrenŠare " 21 years of age or more." Not only did Cardinal Gibbons say nothing about indorsing the petition for anybody but himself, 