BOGSTEli'S - CONrliEHENSIVE - TEOCHEliS' - BIBLE. Emerald Type. Size-8% x 5% x iM inches. Swedish Morocco, improved divinity circuit, leather lined to edge, round corners, with Illustrations, 14 Maps, Concordance, Helps, etc. Post paid, red under gold edges. 85 00     GENUINE : OXFORD : TEOCHEKS' : BIBLES/,  Minion Type. Size-5 x 7j inches. Fine Levant Morocco (brown), divinity circuit, calf lined, round corners, gold edges, Maps, Concordance, and many other valuable helps. Post paid,$5.00   IAA_1-ta . TYP . BIBL FOR THOSE WITH POOR EYESIGHT. French Morocco, limp covers, round corners, side and back title in gold, gilt edges, Family Register and Maps. Post paid, - $2.00 ADDRESS, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHINC CO., 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. KANSAS CITY, MO. OAKLAND, CAL. CYCLONE WASHER! The  Champion VrUlk  Akchines. It washes in the most satisfactory manner the clothes of farmers, machinists, engineers, and bricklayers, cleaning the dirty collars and cuffs without rubbing. The work is effected by vy__. the compressed air forcing the water through the fabric, and therefore without wear to the mate- rial washed. The washing done cleaner, quicker, better, and in half the time. No tired feeling. A child of ten can operate it. Satisfaction guaranteed. Agents Wanted in every county. For particulars and circulars address, COON BROS., 131-137 So. Washington St., Battle Creek, Mich. SEPTEMBER 5, 1895. A.IVIDEMICA.N 279 said, " are much stirred by it, but their con-ference has left action in resisting it to indi-vidual churches." It is no wonder that the Lutherans are " stirred" by this law. It is, as the World, of this city, very properly says, " an attempt openly made to force the church to acknowledge the supremacy of an American State." The Lutheran conference has done well to leave this matter to the individual churches, for it is a matter directly affecting the conscience. Many persons who are per-fectly loyal to the flag, and who would, in case of necessity, fight to defend it, scruple to hoist it over a church; and foolish as such a scruple may seem to some people, the Govern-ment has no right to trench upon it. There is a good deal of nonsense indulged nowadays in regard to the flag. People can not be made patriotic by law any more than they can be made religious by law. It is highly proper that United States history should be taught in all schools, and when properly taught, patriotism will not be lack-ing. But to make a fetich of the flag and require that it shall be hoisted over churches simply because parochial schools are taught therein, is the height of absurdity. If any Lutheran pastor or teacher sees fit to ignore this statute and to suffer the penalties of the law, he will be entitled to the sympathy and respect of all right-minded people, because he will be standing for the principles which the flag represents much more truly than though he yielded to the demands of such a law. Ł THE World, of this city, figures out that four-fifths of the population of New York are opposed to the " stupid and oppressive en-forcement of the Sunday-closing law." We think the estimate is entirely too high; doubt-less four-fifths, or perhaps more, oppose the laws which trench upon their own liberties, but,  very few comparatively, are opposed to such laws upon broad principles; and it is for this reason that the rights of the people are not respected. They do not respect their own rights; for instance, those barbers who selfishly and foolishly asked the legislature to pass an act prohibiting barbering on Sunday in order that they might not suffer by the competition of shops keeping open on Sunday, have forfeited their right to protest against other measures of Sunday legislation which are demanded by other people; and the same is true of other trades and classes. THE Christian Intelligencer voices a fore-boding which is troubling the camp of the adherents of the first-day sabbath, thus:Š What will become of the sabbath ? The trials of speed of the Defender have been made on Sundays. They have been made by men of wealth and leisure, who could as well make these tests on another day, and they exhibit the spirit now animating a large portion of society. What with Sunday newspapers, Sunday bicycle runs, Sunday excursions, Sunday yacht races, and Sunday traveling, the outlook is this country for a proper and scriptural observance of the Lord's day is not hopeful. The destruction of the sabbath advances rapidly. It may not afford any consolation to the good people who are thus troubled, but we can assure them that the Sabbath is in no danger from the disregard of worldly men or the as-saults of all the forces of evil, for we have the Word of the Lord himself that it will continue beyond the time of the creation of the new earth. "As the new heavens and the new earth, which I will make, shall remain before me, saith the Lord, so shall your seed and your name remain. And it shall come to pass, that from one new moon to another, and from one Sabbath to another, shall all flesh come to wor- ship before me, saith the Lord." Isa. 66 : 22, 23. This, however, is said of the Sabbath of the Lord,Šthe seventh day, which God blessed and sanctified, and which his law upholds. The first-day institution must take its chances, with such aid as it can get from earth. Ł -4> Ł JUDGE BROWN, of the Supreme Court, de-cides that the Sunday barber law is " a valid exercise of the legislative power," and there-fore is constitutional. But we do not believe that this gross and ridicuious interference with the private life of the citizen can be so justi-fied. Where there is no disorder involved, no wrong done, and no act performed that can by any possibility have evil consequences, the proceeding is not within the sphere of acts that may be regulated by law. It is contrary to the whole purpose and spirit of the Consti-tution. What a judge says settles nothing. In all great cases three judges are on one side and four on the other.-117. Y. Morning Journal. Ł Ł A NATION can be uplifted only by uplifting the individuals which compose it. The indi-vidual must be touched first; and only through the individual is it possible to reach and affect that which individuals compose. Only a law which can reform a man can reform a hation; and only by reforming the man can it take effect. Human laws and human power can affect the outward conduct, but only the law and power of God can change the heart. JOHN STUART STUART MILL well says: " The notion that it is one man's duty that another should be religious was the foundation of all the reli-gious persecutions ever perpetrated, and if admitted, would fully justify them."  AN OPPORTUNITY FOR CONSECRATED YOUNG WOMEN. THE Medical Missionary College has already begun its first preliminary session. The class numbers nearly thirty. The first regular session will open October 1. Qualified students may be received at any time prior to that date. It is, however desirable that all who can should take the preliminary course. A few more well qualified young women can be received. For terms, conditions, etc., address, J. H. KELLOGG, M. D., President S. D. A. Medical Missionary Board. Before He Is Twenty," " Five Perplexing Phases of the Boy Question," IS A VERY HELPFUL BOOK FOR PARENTS. IT is divided into five chapters, by as many different writers, each treating of a particular phase of a boy's life. The first chapter, "THE BOY AND HIS FATHER," by Robert J. Bur-dette, is alone worth many times the price of the book to any father of a young boy. The other chapters, " WHEN HE DECIDES," " THE BOY IN THE "HIS EVENINGS AND AMUSEMENTS," and TOWARD A WIFE," are all important and 104 pages, bound in cloth, embossed in jet and gold, price, - - - - - - 75 cents. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK CITY. OFFICE, " LOOKING helpful. B I B 