HON. THOMAS F. BAYARD. 346 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Individual Liberty.* By Hon. Thomas F. Bayard. Ex-Secretary of State, and late Ambassa-dor to England. NEVER since the world was peopled has mankind stood in such anxious expectancy, awaiting the outcome of the immediate future, as in these closing years of the nineteenth century. Men are wistfully striving to peer through the portals of the year 1900Šmarvelling as the effect and forces of applied science are unfolded to our comprehension, and discovery moves on, each invention leading in another, in stately procession; we, all the while, wrapped in wonder, are straining in hope and fear to catch the coming word, and to comprehend its import. Never was speculation so rife, never was the field of human observation so unobstructed and expanded, nor the ascertainment and sifting of facts so facile. Never were opinions more diverse, nor was it ever s o obviously important to detect and assert the phil-osophical principle, in recognition and obedience to which, the lucidus ordo of human government may be preserved and kept in view, and the retrocession of mankind prevent-ed. At no stage of history was it more important to call to mind the great principle that government is a means, not an end, and is instituted to maintain those general liberties which are essential for human happiness and progress. GREAT MOVEMENT OF UNREST. There is a deep movement of unrest in the breasts of men, and the forces of society move in strong and variant currentsŠthe concentrated weight of armed re-pression and the upheavals of popular discontent are alike plainly discernable. In some countries consolidation of empire progresses remarkably and impressivelyŠin others disintegration is equally signified. Old dynasties, in sorrowful im-potency, are drifting helplessly on the surface of events, or sinking palpably and hopelessly into the sea of time, which threatens soon to ingulf them, and even the mem-ories of their unproductive civilizationŠthe roots of which have dried up and lost the principle of growth. Other nations appear glowing, sanguine, self-confi-dence, in lusty vigor and verility, springing forward and Extracts from speech delivered before the Edinburgh Philosophical Institute, Nov. 7. 1895. Published in the New York World, Dec. 13, 1895. Upward as though vivified by an elixir vitae,. which ex-pels fear and feebleness, and sends strength and hope tingling through every fibre. In some nations the hand of autocratic power and unequal privilege appears to tighten upon society, and if now and then it seems to relax its hold, it is only to ex-tend and fasten more securely its grip upon the masses over whom it bears sway. In others, the progress of the doctrine and spirit of democracy widens the base of power, and calls into poli-tical consolidation the great body of the inhabitants, depositing the ultimate power of decision in a majority of the members. Never were the destructive forces of warfare marshal-led in such impressive array as we see them to-dayŠnever before did earth shake under the measured tread  of so many men armed and prepared to be armedŠnever in history were weapons so lethal, missiles so mighty, and explosives so terrific and powerful, or in hands so carefully drilled and instructed in their employ-mentŠnever were the preparations for war on land and sea comparable in scale and efficiency, to those of the present day.  Contemplating all these terrific forces, there is no thoughtful man who is not anxiously questioning his heart, What does all this preparation portend ? What is to be the result to the civilization and progress of the human race of the conflict of such forces, and the changes it may at any moment create?  WEIGHT OF TAXATION GROWING. But this disposition to an exaggerated and ever-increasing militarism is necessarily accompanied by griev-ous pecuniary burdens; the weight of taxation is grow-ing fearfully. and as men are withdrawn from productive industries and remunerative pursuits-, the great engine of  the State, the sovereign power of taxation, is put in motion everywhere and in every shape to gather reve-nues to support the vastexpenditures. The forces of productive industry were never so great, and the burdens upon their products were never so heavy. Combination and consolidation to resist injustice and competition for success have gradually arrayed capital and labor in opposite camps, in which the power of each is separately and too often aversely organized, and serious conflicts have oceured, and con-flicts more serious are impending, which threaten dis-aster to that tranquility and good order of the State, which are essential not only for its progress, but for the maintenance of the civilization to which the world has attained. In this threatened conflict and confusion of the forces of society, and seeking the origin of that freegovernment which is essential for happiness and progress, and how it shall be perpetuated, I ask,What is its germ? What is the seed from which human liberty springs? and which must 