AMERICAN SENTINEL, 741 principle of entire separation of church and state, one of the fundamental principles of the Republic, is over-looked. Such a view is not only unpatriotic and un-christian, but it is a narrow short-sighted policy. It is unchristian because it is against the words of Christ, who commands his people to render unto Csar the things which are Csar's (Matt. 22:21). This pro-posed amendment to the State Constitution is a demand on the part of the churches that CaesarŠthe civil govern-mentŠshall donate to them that which the Lord says they ought to pay. And this demand is made in the name of the churches by the leading. Catholic and pro-fessed Protestant ministers. In this the Catholics are at least consistent, for state support of the church is Catholic doctrine; but Protestantism has alwaytit pro-fessed independence of the state. The exemption idea is unpatriotic and unprotestant because it compels all taxpayers, whether they believe in any religion or not, to pay their portion of the tax from which the churches are exempted. Whatever the amount of church taxation thus exempted, that much will have to be added to other property; for the aggregate levy cannot be reduced. No Protestant will claim for a moment that compulsory church support is either patriotic or Christian. True, men who profess to be Protestants, who hold pastorates in so-called Pro-testant churches, are advocating the amendment. One of them even charges the state with illiberality and parsimony because there are so many heavy church debts in the state. Thus it is intimated (by a professed Protestant, remember!) that the state should come to the financial rescue of the churches. I wonder if the Chinese Joss houses are in debt; if they are, of course it is due to the parsimony of the state, and t hese "churches' ought to be exempt from taxation. Other prominent Protestant (?) pastors have taken similar ground, and the M.E. Church South has indorsed the amendment by its annual conference. The Baptists of this vicinity, true to their traditions, have spoken out against the amendment by an association meeting. True, a number of influential individuals in the denom-ination favor the measure, and in the association a Is committee had reported in its favor; but after a warm debate, the report was voted down. The pastor of the First BaptistChurch in this city, though personally voting for the amendment in the association, made this statement to a press reporter Many of our people, who are opposed to church property exemption believe the proposed legislation would be dangerous. They know how untaxed church property has accumulated in some other countries, and do not think it wiee to introduce the principle here. There are others who are firm believers in the' uniform taxation of all descriptions of property as an economic theory. A remarkable instance of Baptist belief in uniform taxation is furnished by the example of the Jarvis street Baptist Church of Toronto, Canada, which continued for years to pay taxes on its church property,  amounting to about $1,500 a year, I believe, al-though the Canadian laws exempt such property. The Baptists of that church thought they ought to pay taxes and every year offered them to the city authori-ties. At first the money was refused, but afterward it was received and deposited in the treasury." The pastor of.  the First Presbyterian Church of this city favors exemption on the ground that churches are not money-making corporations, and it is wrong to tax the benevolence of the people. But, on the other hand, the same claim is set up by members of some fraternal societies who own lodge buildings. Another plea is that California is the only State that does not have such an exemption provision. This is the same argument that has been made so often in regard to a state Sunday law; but in both respects this State can well afford to be the exception. Although so far from the territory on which the Republic was founded, it is so much nearer the principles enunciated by the founders. It is true that some of those principles failed of full fruition because of existing circumstances and and misconception of their meaning on the part of many of the people. They held on to their colonial Sun-day laws, and colonial church exemption, and colonial slavery, because their early training had led them to believe these particular things were right, although they were directly in opposition to the spirit of the "new order of things" contemplated and enunciated by the new form of government. When new States were fortned, it was deemed patriotic or expedient to follow in the wake of the older ones, just as the first legislature of Kansas Territory enacted the code of Missouri statutes as far as they could be made applicable to the Territory. With the tendency in this country, to return to im-perial ways there is also a disposition to cling more tenaciously to the old idols and ancient tyrannies, not excepting human slavery. There will no doubt be some warm discussions over the proposition to make the State of California fall into line in the march backward toward the measure of church and state union already in vogue in other States. And it will probably not be long before we will hear the plea for still more state support for the church on the plea that they have it in the Philippines, in Cuba, and Porto Rico. Oakland, Cal. Protestant Extension in Austria. ACCORDING to official reports from the ecclesiastical authorities in Vienna, the accessions to the Protestant churches during the first six months of the year 1899 were 3,182 to the Lutheran and 264 to the Reformed Church, or a total of 3,446. Of these converts 3,275 came from the Roman Catholic Church, and can fairly be put to the credit of the "Los von Rom" propaganda. On the other hand, during this same half year the Luth- 