-or 80 'THE AMERICAN SENTINEL,. NoTE, Any one receiving the AMERICAN SENTI L without having ordered it may know that it is,  ent to im by some friend, unless 'plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule 'to std out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post.office. SUNDAY, February '16, Rev. Heber Newton considerably surprised his con-gregation by delivering a sermon in glo-rification of the Roman Catholic Church. THE Colorado Graphic is a live paper which is dealing out sturdy blows and sensible matter against Sunday laws and religious legislation generally. THERE is a bill pending in the Legis-lature of this State which actually pro-poses to prohibit parents from teaching their own children in their own homes without State supervision. THE University of Pennsylvania is about to erect a $75,000 theater. The University of the immediate future will embody in its plant a ball-room, an ath-letic field, an opera-house, a billiard-room, a few lecture-rooms, a race-track for horses, and possibly a roulette table. Then the boys will be educated.ŠNew York World. To those, of our new subscribers whose papers seem to be slow in coming, we would beg to say, Please be patient with us. You will all surely get your papers. Our business has increased so far beyond our expectations in so short a time, since 9oming to New York, that for two or three weeks we have been fairly over-whelmed. We are now getting things straightened out, however, and shall soon be able to fill all orders promptly. IN the Washington City Sunday-law Convention, Congressman Wickham, of Ohio, strongly denounced the counter-petition to the Sunday laws and the re-ligious amendment to the Constitution. He declared the counter-petition to be false and misleading, because there was nothing at all proposed in Congress of the kind that the petition mentions. He said no amendment had ever been proposed touching upon the question of religion, and exclaimed, " Let them send in as many such petitions as they please; they can do no harm; they are aimed at nothing." All this, and more to the same effect, in the face of the fact that there are now pending in Congress two bills and one amendment resolution relating directly to religion and religious observances. We give Mr.Wick- ham credit for having spoien. to the best of his knowledge; but, his knoWledge upon a mOst important subject is certainly de-plorably limited for one in his position. It is painful to see a member of Congress dis-play such lack of information upon a sub-ject upon which all the people' are in-formed,--and that a subject with which he is specially and officially connected. ARGUE as you will, Sunday legislation is religious legislation, whether it be to restrict the sale of liquors, dry goods, cigars, soda-water, food or peanuts on Sunday, " commonly known as the Lord's day." It is true that those who desire to worship God on that day should not be interfered with, but our statute books are well provided with laws which secure to the religious observer all the privileges and protection he needs.ŠColorado Graphic. IT is probable that that bill at Albany, which proposes to obtrude The State be-tween the parent and his child, and to have the State usurp the functions of the parent, is aimed at the parochial school and Roman Catholic teaching. But whatever it is aimed at, it embodies the principle of the most horrid despotism that ever disgraced a government. It is essentially Pagan. And the principle of this bill is identical with that of the Blair Resolution to amend the Constitution of the United States. A DISPATCH to the World, February 24, from Ashland, Wisconsin, says :Š This morning Edward Ells, W. W. Groves, and James Kane, Salvation Army officers, were com-mitted to jail for one week for marching on Sunday to the music of a cornet and flute. On the same day a Young Men's Christian Association meeting in a suburb was looted by toughs and no arrests have been made. This illustrates what we have several times pointed out, that where there are strict Sunday laws existing reverence for Sunday, takes precedence of everything else, and actions which are in themselves innocent, are severely punished while crimes of open violence are passed by. Ł 41  SEVERAL times lately mention has been made of the National Religious Liberty Association. We are happy to announce that the AMERICAN SENTINEL has been chosen as one of the channels through which the Association will communicate with the public. We therefore open in this number of -the SENTINEL a depart-ment for the Association. Our sixth page, or so much of it as the Association may require each week, will be devoted to the principles and the work of the Association as such. Of course the work of the Asso-ciation is in the same line as that of the SENTINEL, but in this department the Association will speak for itself. The principles and object of the Association are fully set forth in its department in  this issue, which we heartily commend to Our readers. The Association has a mem-bership of thousands scattered all over, the country, and is doing noble work for the cause of civil as well as religious lib-erty. The Secretary, Prof. W. H. McKee, is stationed at Washington City, and will thus be enabled' to furnish prompt and important information in regard to the efforts made there to secure religious legislation. WE referred a short time ago to the at-tempt to force into the Legislature 'of Washington a chaplain, despite the lan-guage of the Constitution declaring that no public money shall ever be paid for any religious "exercise." The House went so far as actually to select a chaplain, and set him to praying at the public expense. A. protest was made and the question was referred to the Attorney-General. He rendered an opinion stating that he had made a thorough examina-tion of the subject and had come to the conclusion that " a schoolŁ board would be as much justified in employing a chap-lain to open the schools with prayer as the House in electing a salaried chap-lain. Therefore no money can be lawfully appropriated for any religious worship, exercise or instruction." Ł Ł SUNDAY, February 16, in Washington City, Mr. Crafts delivered his speech in favor of Sunday laws and against the counter-petition, which he says is so treach-erously written as to have deCeived even the elect into signing it. There was pres-ent to hear him a certain good Presbyte-rian. This Presbyterian gentleman heard Mr. Crafts through his whole speechŠhis " counterblast " to the "Advent petition," the "Advent Sentinel," and all : he then went home and picked up one of the counter-petitions that had been left at his house, signed it himself, and then got his wife and another lady to sign it also. Many thanks, friend Wilbur. We hope you will continue to cause that counter-petition thus to "deceive the elect." THE Kaleidoscope, a bright 8-page college paper, comes to us from South Lancaster, Massachusetts. It is conducted by the students of South Lancaster Acad-emy, and is an excellent paper. We wish both the Kaleidoscope and the institution which it represents abundant success. For terms of subscription, etc., see adver-tisement on another page. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the . United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainten- ance of human rights, both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1.00 In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, . . 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid. . Is. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 42 Bond Street, New York. 