ANIETZICAN SENTINEL. 243 of the Sabbaths, and the next one the third, and so on. The meeting on the first day of the week referred to in Acts 20:7, occurred about thirty years after the resurrec-tion Sunday, and since there are fifty-two Sundays in a year, according to Mr. Gamble's new theory, this first day should be called the 1560th of the Sabbaths ; but fatal to his new theory, the same words are used to desig-nate this first day of the week as are used to designate the resurrection day, it is "one of the Sabbath," or, as the translators give it, "first day of the week." Such twisting and turning should make the seeker after truth suspicious of the position which requires such methods to defend it. For a brief discussion of the rea-sons, for the translation as it appears in the Authorized and Revised Versions, see article on another page, entitled "A Product, Not a Discovery, of Ignorance." A. F. B. THE "gateway of politics" is altogether too low and too narrow to afford entrance for the kingdom of God. Lame Sympathy for the Workingman. THE April Christian Endeacorer, referring to a recent statement in the SENTINEL, that what the workingmen of the country want is legislation that will provide more work rather than legislation which will curtail it, says that it certainly will help the situation to reduce the amount of work and the number of workers by means of Sunday laws. "Six men can do a piece of work if they work seven days in the week. If there is no work done on Sunday it will take seven men to do that same Work." But have not the advocates of Sunday laws been all the time telling us th'at people could do more work in a given time by resting one day in seven, than by working seven days in the week? They cannot deny that this has been one of their stock arguments. Now if this argument be true,Šif six men, working six days in the week, can do more work in a given time than six men working seven days a week,Šhow can it be that seven men working six days a week can do no more work than six men working seven days in the week? The same issue of the Endeavorer prints a letter from Mr. P. Enright, of the "Executive Board Iron Moulders' Union of North America," in which he says:Š " That there is an estrangement between the Church andorganized labor, I regret to state, is true. The unions have done much through agitation and legislation .to help their cause. They have had the hours of labor re-duced, in some trades, from fourteen to eight, and many other innovations equally as important to the welfare of their members. They claim that through this effort for their betterment the Church has never sympathized with them." Why has the Church never sympathized with the labor unions in their efforts to shorten the hours of daily toil? Why have the preachers not agitated for reform in this  direction in the interests of the laboring classes ? The preacherS an& religious societies want Sunday laws in order (so they say) that the laboring man may have a chance to rest from his weekly toil. But does he not need any chance to rest till it comes Sunday? Is his physical welfare to be conserved entirely by what he can get on Sunday? The workingmen themselves are the best judges of their own physical needs; and the, fact that the labor unions have paid little or no attention to the question of Sunday rest, while making an earnest fight for a shorter day of work and "many other innovations equally as important," shows conclusively that they have not deemed Sunday rest a matter which demands their seri-ous attention. On the other hand, the fact that the preachers and church societies have sought the physical Ł welfare of the workingmen only through Sunday, shows with equal conclusiveness that not the workingman, but Sunday, is the object of their special concern. More can be gained in the direction of providing work for the unemployed by shortening the day of work, than by shortening the week of work. But who ever heard of a ministerial crusade in favor of an eight-hour day, or of any of the other "innovations" of which Mr. Enright's let-ter speaks? As that authority states, the truth is that in these efforts for their betterment, "the Church has never sympathized with them." Why will not the advocates of Sunday laws be candid enough to admit that their real purpose is the exalta-tion of Sunday, rather than the conferring of an unasked benefit upon the ranks of labor? They have nothing to lose by being frank. 11,  How long will it take to." convert the world" by the " Christian Citizenship " method of substituting the pri-mary for the prayer meeting? Ł Christians Described in the Second Century. THE following description of Christians is given by an anonymous writer in the "Letter to Diognetus," written about the middle of the second century. It ought to be profitable for the politics- and pleasure-loving professors of this day to consider what Christians were like in the early days when Christianity went forth into the world with unparalleled power and success:Š "The Christians are not distinguished from the rest of mankind either by nationality or language. They have no separate cities, they use no -special dialect, they practice no peculiar mode of life. They inhabit the cities of Greece and the rest of the world just as each finds his place allotted to him. They follow the local customs in respect to meat and drink, costume and other social habits, and yet they carry about them the strange and avowedly mysterious signs of their true nationality. They dwell in their own country but as strangers. . . . Every foreign country is to them a native land, and every 