164 A.VICITIELICA,N SnNitirN-nr, vol. 11, No. 21. the legislature. It would be much better to settle them by arbitration, and, if that cannot be done, by the courts. It is a question, too, whether the act of the legislature is constitu-tional, whether it does not interfere with the right of every religious society to prescribe its own conditions of membership. GOD IN THE CONSTITUTION. [A sermon with reference to attempts to amend the Con-stitution by inserting a recognition of God, Jesus, and the Bible as their revealed will. Delivered in Oakland Music Hall, Chicago, by Rev Jenkins Lloyd Jones, Lecturer in English in the University of Chicago, and Pastor of All Souls Church, one of the leading independent congregations of the city.] The Preamble as it is and the Proposed Amendment. THE Preamble to the Constitution of the United States runs as follows:Š We, the people of the United States, in order to form a more perfect union, establish justice, .insure domestic tranquility, provide for the common defense, promote the general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America. There is now pending before Congress a resolution, introduced by Representative Morse, of Massachusetts, proposing an. amend-ment to this Preamble, which will introduce a parenthetical clause immediately after the phrase, "We, the people of the United States," which runs as follows :Š Acknowledging Almighty God as the source of all power and authority in civil government, the Lord Jesus Christ as the Ruler of nations, and his revealed will as the supreme authority in civil affairs, in order to form, etc. etc. This resolution, introduced early in the session, was referred to the Judiciary Commit-tee. This committee, on the 11th day of March, appointed a hearing, at which time arguments pro and con were presented relat-ing to the amendment. Two hours' time was allotted, but over four hours were consumed. Being in Washington at the time, I was in-vited to be one of the speakers to present the argument against the amendment. Who are Urging the Adoption of the pro-posed Amendment. The amendment was ably urged by a large committee of clergymen representing various denominations, but receiving its executive energy apparently from an organization cre-ated expressly for the purpose with its head-quarters at Pittsburg, and representing chiefly, I think, the United Presbyterian fellowship. This movement is backed largely by the or-ganic strength of the Young Men's Christian Association, the Young People's Society of Christian Endeavor, and the Woman's Chris-tian Temperance Union organizations. The cause has its published organ and has called into being a considerable literature. The Gauntlet the Amendment Must Run. Should the Judiciary Committee report fa-vorable and the resolution win its way by a two-thirds vote, through both Houses of Con-gress, it will then require a ratification on the part of three-fourths of the several States before it becomes a part of the Constitution. There does not seem to be the slightest chance that this resolution will ever success-fully run such a gauntlet. Indeed, it is not probable that it will ever be started on the race. It will probably meet its death at the hands of the committee, but the consecrated earnestness, the scholarly ability, on the part  of the few who urged it in Washington, the intense interest manifested on both sides in the discussion, the anxiety on the part of the organized Christian churches of our land, the natural interest of the human soul in the permanence and potency of religious truth and power, justifies, as it seems to me, my taking the subject into this desk and occupy-ing this hour in trying to tell you why I, a minister of religion, one who fain would deepen the thought of God, increase reverence for Jesus, and add to the intelligent power of the Bible, would oppose with all my might, this introduction into the Constitution of the United States, such a verbal recognition of God, Christ and the Bible. A Cheap Substitute for Piety and a Make-shift for Devotion. In the first place, if the amendment is all true, it does not make it more true by putting it in print at the head of the Constitution which few people read, which is itself a crea-ture of interpretations and applications. It is one more cheap substitute for piety, a make-shift for devoutness; it is adding the sin of hypocrisy to whatever error and infi-delity may abound. Whatever we think of God, he is something more than the Saxon word of three letters which we use as a symbol. However we may interpret the phrase, " Lord Jesus Christ," the putting of it into the Constitution in a bracketed sentence, does not make him " Ruler of Nations," and the leaving of him out does not unmake his king-ship. However we may think of the Bible, it is not one whit the more or one whit the less authoritative in " civil affairs" because it is declared to be such in a parenthesis thrown into the Preamble of the Constitu-tion. It Would Make the Bible an External Fetish. The actual result of such an amendment would be only to contribute to that debase-ment of the Bible which makes it an external fetish such as it already is when lying lips kiss it, when with solemn oath they assume responsibilities which they proceed at once to desecrate and violate. It is a fetish when hands foul with violence touch it in courts of justice as they swear the truth and proceed to outrage the same. This movement on the part of religion to enhance its dominion and to increase its power, is a movement back-ward towards the primitive sources of religion when sanctity was vested in certain things, some holy place, some sacred memento, some mystic phrase. The lucky stone the African wears round his neck, the talisman which is supposed to ward off diseases, the texts mumbled in front of battle that victory may be obtained, the pious phylactery worn on brow or arm, the ceremonial value of water or wafer, the soul-saving power of Koran, . . . were all instinct in their own time and place with religious emotion; all still suggest patheti-cally the gropings of the human heart towards its ideal, the hunger of soul for peace and adjustment; but it is all religion on its lower planes, religion, may we hope, largely in its outgrown form, and this attempt to legislate a nation into evoutness to exalt Jesus into regal position by a resolution, and to make a book biblical by an act of Congress, is, in so far as it is sincere, kindergarten spirituality, a movement of the baby soul of mankind, which in the very effort to express itself, and before the formula is found the thing to be for-mulated has moved on. It Represents the Unholy Delusion of Unrighteousness. In so far as this movement is not sincere it represents the unholy delusion of the un-righteous. It is a profane touching the cap to the name of God that Godless lives may be less suspected. We have too much of this printed piety, too much religion on the book and not enough religion of the life. What-ever the revealed will of God may be, or wherever you look for it, it is not a thing of linen paper and calfskin. Admit it for the time being that all the creeds implied by the formula of the amend-ment are true, the so-called " Apostles," the " Nicene" and the " Athanasian." Admit for argument's sake, that Jesus Christ is the " Ruler of Nations," and that the " Bible is the revealed will of God," why add insult to injury, mock with more empty phrases the unappropriated truth? If it is true, the place to begin to enforce that truth lies nearer home than the Constitution of the United States of America. If these phrases thus used have power, let us by all means begin by in-scribing them on the inside flap of our pocket books; let the stationers print the phrase at the beginning of the business-man's day-book and ledger; suppose it be inscribed on the walls of the dining-room, in the private li-brary; let the Board of Trade be opened to-morrow morning by the clear announcement of the words of amendment: " Acknowledg-ing Almighty God as the source of all power and authority in civil government; the Lord Jesus Christ as the Ruler of Nations and his revealed will as of supreme authority in civil affairs," we go forth to do business. If there be potency in such declarations, let them be tried nearer home. Legislative Piety has been Tried in a Limited Way. This legislated piety, foreign as I hope to show, to the genius of the United States, still has been tried in a limited way. The silver coin of the United States bears the legendŠ In God We Trust,"Šbut the gambler builds his silver pile and stakes it upon the throw of the die, knowing that if he wins another loses unrighteously just the same. " In God We Trust," says the coin which buys the mad-dening draught which takes the place of the child's bread and the wife's dress. " In God We Trust," says the coin of the extortioner, the coin that jingles in the pocket of the man who has turned to bank deposits the lives of the pale men and women of the sweat-shops, who has crowded his employe's to the wall, refused to reason and denied them the right of a hearing and the protection of the modern right arm of justice, arbitration. No; self-seeking Congressmen and unholy legislators cannot " put God in the Constitu-tion." They cannot make Jesus Christ the " Ruler of nations," and they cannot make themselves to be heard on the question of what is the " revealed will of God ;" not though such a phrase in the Constitution might carry the question to the Supreme Court of the United States. " I Oppose this Amendment Because It Does Not Seem to Be True." But as a minister of religion I oppose this amendment because it does seem to be true. 'To me the thought of God is too profound to be expressed by any word to which is to be given legsilative sanction. . . . God, the sum of excellence, the maximum of potency, the synthesis of all reality, is not empanelled in man-made constitutions, because he has written himself further back in the maker of constitutions. He is to be found only where 