AMERICAN SENTINEL. 59 taken for granted without any Biblical proof. And even admitting it to be a sin, there is still no ground for undertaking its suppression by civil law, except,  the wholly untenable ground that any thing sinful is a proper subject of legislation. To the advocates of Sunday enforcement, however, all objections are simply obstacles to be overcome, and if a proposition is inconsistent or un-American, it is only to be pushed so much the harder. That Sunday golf is a sin is the ground taken for a vigorous denunci-ation of it by a revivalist, for example, who is conduct-ing meetings at Babylon, Long Island. He is reported as saying that "Sunday golf playing is an outrage" which "should not be tolerated in a Christian commu-nity." This seemed to rouse his audience, some of whom are no doubt more intolerant of sin in other peo-ple than in themselves; and it is reported that Sunday golfers in Babylon "are in for trouble." In general, Sunday golf in the State of New York is, according to report, on the increase. The New York Tribune says thatŠ "In spite of vigorous protest from the more con-servative element Sunday golf has evidently come to stay. There is a growing laxity at all the large courses in the observance of the Sabbath, and whereas two years ago a prize competition was unheard of, now sev-eral of the leading clubs are holding regular tourna-ments on that day. A few of the older organizations, like Morris County, are still holding out for a strict pro-hibition of. all Sunday games, but even there the younger members are eager to do away with therestric-tion. Much as it may be regretted by some, golf is gradually becoming a Sunday sport, and it seems only a question of time before as many matches are held then as on other days of the week. The example,  furnished by the Lakewood Golf Club gives an illustration of the trend of popular feeling. When first organized one of the clauses of the constitution laid special emphasis on the restriction of Sunday matches. Since that time there has been a growing element in the club which has sought to vote down this clause, and this season after a warm discussion they have gained their end. Here-after Sunday sport will be enjoyed in the same manner as at the Country Club of Lakewood, and the links will doubtless be well patronized." In New England, however, especially in Massachu-setts, the tide against Sunday golf is still strong. There is much agitation over the question in Boston, says the Tribune; "and one or two cases seeking to prohibit the sport on Sunday are now before the Supreme Court of Massachusetts. In several instances the police have been called upon to close the links, and at the Riverside Golf Club all Sunday play has ceased owing to a notice from that quarter that no games would be permitted. The Massachusetts Legislature in 1895 passed a law that whoever takes part in a game, sport, or play of any kind on Sunday is liable to a fine of $50, and it is this law which the police say they can invoke to back up their demands. The members of the Brookline Conn- try Club, one of the most fashionable organizations in the Boston district, were recently informed by the board of directors that whoever made use of the links on Sunday did so at his own peril, and since that time there has been a noticeable falling off in the number of contests-on that day, but the sport is not wholly pro-hibited." A new impetus to the Sunday-law crusade will be required to suppress Sunday golf in this State and city; and a new and mighty impetus will be given it at no distant day. Of this we do not have the slightest doubt. What Does It Mean ? THE SABBATH QUESTION IN JAPAN. UNDER the heading "The Sabbath and Society," the November issue of the Voice, (Tokio), says: "It is not strictly correct to speak of the first day of the week as the Sabbath. Sunday is not the Sabbath." "But," says the editor, "it was a rather disagreeable surprise to have the peace of our quiet hours on a recent Lord's day disturbed by the busy carpenters pounding away on a neighbor's house." The editor refused to give "the heathen any explana-tion for the disturbance of the peace" on the Lord's day (?), and after some long quotations from St. Sigori's Theology as an excuse for Catholics who work on Sun-day, he gave his industrious neighbor the following charge:Š "Certainly a man can violate every precept of good order, if he goes outside the habitations of other men; but where the good order and well-being of society is involved, and an injurious example is set in the com-munity, the question of relationship is involved." This writer arranged the first meeting for the purpose of uniting the various denominations in Japan into a "oneness in principle and work." How this meeting was received is shown by a report of it that appeared in the Japan Times, from which I quote:Š "Many in the audience, no doubt were surprised to find the honest opinions of many men of their, own creed and color in perfect harmony with the idea of Christian unity and oneness that inspired Mr. Snodgrass to arrange such a meeting. We hope to see a continuation of this most worthy movement." With th6 well-being of society bound up in the proper observance of the"Lord's day:" and the "Lord's day" the only point in common among the various denominations, it is not difficult to see what this "one-ness in principle and work" will be. The great question to be decided before this union is perfected is, Who shall lead? In answer to the question, the Soye, (Catholic) says:Š "The principle of liberty of conscience, of which the 