APRIL 11, 1895. A_Amrtic s   vaNTrILINITL-0 119 defenses of these people, who, in most cases, are farmers in possession of a limited eduQa-- tion I have a few words that I would like to say. This is something new to me. I was born and reared in Queen Anne's County, and I was never before the court until to-day. I have always endeavored to be a law-abiding citizen. But I am here on a matter be-tween my Lord and myself. I would like to say to the court that I am a Seventh-day Adventist. I study my Bible, and my convictions are that the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord my God. I was raised in the Sunday-school, and I was taught the ten commandments. I was taught that the sev-enth day is the Sabbath, and then was taught to ob-serve the first day in its stead. In my study of the Bible I cannot find where God, the Lord Jesus, or the apostles, ever changed the Sabbath from the seventh to the first day. I am conscientious in the matter, and choose to, stand for God and the right. I leave the case with the court. ŠRobert R. Whaley, before the Circuit. Court of Queen Anne's County, Md, I would like to say to the jury, that, as has been stated, I am a Seventh-day Adventist. I observe the seventh day of the week as the Sabbath. I read my Bible, and my convictions on the Bible are that the seventh day of the week is the Sabbath, which comes on Saturday. I observe that day the best I know how. Then I claim the God-given right to six days of labor. I have a wife and four children, and it takes my labor six days to make a living. I go about my work qui-etly, do not make any unnecessary noise, but do my Ł work as quietly as possible. It has been proved by the testimony of Mr. Fitch and Mr. Cox, who live around me, that they were not disturbed. Here I am before the court to answer for this right that I claim as a Christian. I am a law-abiding citizen, believing that we should obey the laws of the State; but when-ever they conflict with my religious convictions and the Bible, I stand and choose to serve the law of my God rather than the laws of the State. I do not desire to cast any reflections upon the State, nor the officers and authorities executing the law. I leave the case with you. Š W. S. Lowry, before the Circuit Court of Henry County, Tenn. I do not deny working on the first day of the week, but I do deny working on the Lord's day, because the first day of the week is not the Lord's day. The commandment of God says, "Six days shalt thou labor, . . . but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord," and we must keep it. If any one can point to a single scripture, showing that Sunday is the Lord's day and should be kept, I will confess being in error. I have lived in this county all my life excepting eighteen months, and was never before charged with wrong. There has been offered $2,000 for the production of a Scripture which shows that Sunday should be ob-served, and Cardinal Gibbons has said there was no authority in the Bible for keeping Sunday; and some of you, gentlemen [to the jury], probably know of this. The Lord has said, " We ought to obey God rather than men," and he also said, "Ye cannot serve two Masters." I do not work on Sunday to defy the laws, but be-cause I must obey God when his law conflicts with man's laws.Š W. G. Curlett, before the Circuit Court of Queen Anne's County, Md: Your honor, the summons which brought me into this court accuses the defendant of keeping open shop on the Lord's day, to which charge I plead not guilty [drawing a New Testament from his pocket]; and I desire to define the Lord's day by the .declarations of Him who is the Lord of the Lord's day as they are re-corded in the Lord's book. . , , I wish to refer you to Mark 2: 27, 28, which reads: And he said unto them, The Sabbath was made for man, and not man for the Sabbath: therefore the Son 'of man is Lord also of the Sabbath," Again, speak-ing of the Lord Jesus, the declaration is made in the second and third verses of the first chantey of the Gospel by John, that " The same was in the beginning with God. All things were made by him ; 'and with- out him was not anything made that was made." The first declaration, your honor, asserts that the Sabbath was made; and the second scripture declares that the Lord Jesus, who was in the beginning with the Father, made all things that were made in the beginning; hence, the Lord made the Sabbath day, and is there-fore, rightfully Lord of the Sabbath day or Lord's day. He it was who labored six days and rested the seventh day; "Wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day, and hallowed it." Now, having shown that the Son of man is Lord of the Sabbath day, I call your atten-tion to Luke 23: 56, to show which day of the seven is the Sabbath or Lord's day. The text reads as fol-lows: "And that day was the preparation, and the Sabbath drew on. And the women also, which came with him from Galilee, followed after, and beheld the sepulchre, and how his body was laid. And they re-turned, and prepared spices and ointments; and rested the Sabbath day according to the commandment. Now (next verse, chap. 24, verse 1) upon the first day of the week, very early in the morning, they came unto the sepulchre, bringing the spices which they had pre-pared, and certain others with them." The text first quoted states that the Son of man is Lord of the Sab-bath. This text states that " the Sabbath day accord-ing to the commandment" is the day which precedes the first day of the week. The Son of man is there-fore Lord of the day which precedes the first day of the week, and that day is the Sabbath or seventh day of the week. Therefore the only day which the Son of man declares himself the Lord of, is the seventh day of the week and not the first day, hence the sev-enth day of the week, or the day preceding the first day of the week, is the Lord's day. . . Your honor, I claim the divine right of dissent, and therefore deny the right of the pope of Rome, the czar of Russia, the president of the United States, or the mayor of the city of Everett, to prescribe for me my religious duty. All I ask, as a free-born American citizen, and as a man, is the free exercise of my civil and religious right to worship God according to the dictates of my own conscience. I deny the right of the magistrate to compel me to observe the first day of the week, and thereby deprive me -of one-sixth of my time in which to earn my living. I have observed the Sabbath since 1878, previous to which time I kept Sunday. I require no civil law to enable me to keep the seventh day, and every one around me exercises his right to keep Sunday and labor on Saturday; and no man disturbs me in keep-ing Saturday. I disturb no man on Sunday or on any other day, and no man thus accuses me. All I ask is the free exercise of my right to worship Him who said, " The Son of man is Lord also of the Sabbath," and the right to labor six days, according to the dictates of my own conscience, so long as I do not actually dis-turb my neighbors. Your honor, I have not interfered with any natural or constitutional right of my neighbors, and I am not guilty of keeping open shop on the Lord's day. And I trust you will so decide.ŠW. T. Gibson, before the First District Court of Eastern Middlesex, Middlesex County, Mass. Now, gentlemen of the jury, look me in the face, and tell me that I am guilty of any crime! You know, gentlemen, we are not criminals. Are we dangerous men to run at large who need to be restrained and de-prived of our liberty ? Look me in the eyes and tell me. Is there a single one of you that believes any man's person or property is endangered by our going at large ?ŠNot one of you. Nor does any other man. No witness has come here and testified to anything of the kind. If our going at large is dangerous to any-thing, it is to somebody's religious sentiment, and if that be deemed a sufficient reason for restraining us, then it shows on the face of it that this whole thing is religious persecution.ŠEld. W. S. McCutchen, before the Circuit Court of Hall County, Ga. " SECULAR power has proved a satanic gift to the Church, and ecclesiastical power has proved an engine of tyranny in the hands of .the State."ŠDr. Philip Schaff. CATHOLICS AND THE BIBLE. ON March 3, Cardinal Gibbons preached a sermon in the cathedral at Baltimore; advis-ing his audience to read the Bible. The Catholic press of the country hastened to pub-lish the sermon, and to remark that it would have the effect, " to convince non-Catholics that they have been misinformed by the Protestant tradition concerning the attitude of the church toward the Word of God." No wide awake Protestant will be deceived by the apparent change of attitude toward the Bible. But if there are any of our readers who believe that the Catholic Church is any more friendly to the Bible now than when she burned it, let them read the following from the Cardinal's official organ, the Catholic Mirror, which appeared in the issue preceding the publication of the sermon (February 23): The Bible is a volume very difficult to be understood by anybody; hardly six lines can be properly compre-hended without a commentary, And now comes the April number of the American, Ecclesiastical Review, which is printed under the phrase, Cum Approbatione Superioram (with approbation of superiors), and says:Š It is the Catholic position that the Bible, although a part, the principal part, of the remote rule of faith, is not the sole and exclusive rule, is not the proximate rule, and is not placed directly by God in the hands of individuals to learn from it by their private reading the truths of the Christian religion. Protestants, don't be deceived. It is im-possible for the papacy to experience a favora-ble change of heart and still remain the pa-pacy. PUBLICATIONS ON THE SABBATH QUESTION, READ the following and see if there is not some publication among them which you desire to read, or which will benefit some friend The Abiding Sabbath. BY A. T. JONES. No. 9 of the Bible Students' Library. This is' a review of two Sabbath "prize essays," one of $500, and one of $1,000. It contains mighty arguments on the Sabbath question; 174 pages; price, 15 cents. Is Sunday the Sabbath? No. 24 of the Li-brary. A brief consideration of New Testament texts on the first day of the week; 8 pages; price, 1 cent. Nature and Obligation of the Sabbath of the Fourth Commandment. By J. H. Waggoner. No. 54 of the Library. Clear and strong in argument; price, 10 cents. Sunday; Origin of its Observance in the Christian Church. By E. J. Waggoner. No. 80 of the Library. The testimony given with reference to Sunday is wholly Protestant. All Protestants should read it; price, 15 cents. Who Changed the Sabbath? No. 107 of the Library. What God's Word predicted; what Christ says; what the papacy says; what Protestants say. A most convincing document; 24 pages; price, 3 cents. "The Christian Sabbath." No. 113 of the Library. A-  reprint of four articles in the Catholic Mirror, the organ of Cardinal Gibbons. What Cath-olics have to say to Protestants on the subject; 32 pages; price, 4 cents. Christ and the Sabbath. By Prof. W. W. Prescott. The spiritual nature of the Sabbath, what true Sabbath keeping is, and the relation of Christ to the Sabbath in both creation and redemption. A most important tract. No. 14 of the Religious Liberty Li-brary; 38 pages; price, 5 cents. The History of the Sabbath. By John N. Andrews. A complete history of the Sabbath and first day of the week in religious life and thought, from the earliest ages to the present time, and especially during the Christian dispensation; 550 large octavo pages Ł price, cloth, $2.00; library binding, $2.56 Catalogue of publications sent free on application. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., Or Oakland, Cal. 43 Bond St., New York. 