THE AN/IntZTOAN SENTINEL. 203 make a feature in our institutions."ŠDr. T. Edwards, Minutes National Convention, N. Y., 1873, pp. 59, 60. " Constitutional laws punish for false money, weights and measures, and of course, Congress estab-lishes a standard for money, weights and measures. So Congress must establish a standard of religion,or admit anything called religion, as it already has the Oneida Community in New York, the Mormons in Utah, and the Joss House in California."ŠProfessor Blanchard, Minutes Pittsburg Convention, 1874, p. 71. "If our nation will accept God as the source of all authority, Christ Jesus as the nation's king, and his law as of supreme authority over them, its creed is orthodox."ŠRev. J. C. K. Milligan, in Christian States-man, March 21, 1884. " It is the duty of the State, as such, to enter into alliance with the church of Christ, and to profess, ad-here to, defend and maintain the true religion."ŠJ. M. Foster, in Statesman, 1884. " This religion as uderstood by Protestants, tend-ing by its effects to make every man submitting to its influence a better husband, parent, child, neighbor, citizen and magistrate, was by the people [of Massa-chusetts] established as a fundamental and essential part of their Constitution, and ought, we claim, to be likewise established by the people of the United States, as a fundamental and essential part of their Constitution."ŠHon. T. H. B. Patterson, Minutes Pitts-burg Convention, 1874, p. 89. " We want State and religionŠand we are going to have it. It shall be that so far as the affairs of State require religion, it shall be revealed religion, the re-ligion of Jesus Christ. The Christian oath and Chris-tian morality shall have in this land `an undeniable legal basis.' We use the word religion in its proper sense, as meting a man's personal relation of faith and obedience to God."ŠDr. Edwards, Minutes New York Convention, 1873, p. 60. From these extracts, which might be multi-plied, it is certainly clear that when, in Article II. of their Constitution, one of the chief objects of this Society is stated to be, "To secure such an amendment to the Constitution of the United States as will declare the Nation's allegiance to Jesus Christ and its acceptance of the moral laws of the Christian religion, and so indicate that this is a Christian nation, add place all the Christian laws, institutions and usages of our Government on an undeniable legal basis in the fundamental law of the land," nothing less can be meant than that the statutes of our Government be so amended as to insert a confession of the religion of Jesus Christ in so far as the concensus of the evangelical Christian religion will permit, and make the holy Scriptures the formal rule of civil Government ; yea, that our Government "enter into an alliance with the church of Christ and profess, adhere to, defend, and maintain the true religion," and that all who will be citizens of this new commonwealth must submit to this " legal- ized Christianity." What tyranny and persecution followed the introduction of such a state of affairs in Massachu-setts, every reader of history knows. And has man so changed that it would be less so now? There are many who seem to think that a recognition of the Christian religion in the Natipbal Constitution is surely not to be deplored, a#d that is all, they say, the National Reformers want. The above extracts already disprove such claim. But they have spoken on this point also. The Rev. G. P. Stevenson, one of the inaugura-tors of the movement and its corresponding secre-tary, and with Dr. Mc.Allister, founder and co-editor of the Christian Statesman, says in an edi-toral, June 1, 1869:Š " The design of the pending movement of National Reform is not to secure mention of God in the National Constitution merely because such mention would be decent and becoming. It is not, in the view of its most earnest supporters, to express a sentiment which the nation already feels, and to exhibit a Christian character which as a nation we already possess. The  necessity for the reform lies far deeper than such arguments would imply. The success of our cause would have a fax more momentous effect. Our labors are an attempt to bring this nation into subjection to God ; and the conviction that we are not as a nation in allegiance to the King of nations, but in rebellion against him and so in imminent danger of destruction, is the real impulse of the movement." The object then is not simply the insertion of the name of God into the Constitution, but to bring the nation " into subjection to God" by force of lawŠof legalized Christian institutions and usages." And does not that subvert the principles enunciated above? Does it not place powers into the hands of the State which are be-yond its appointed sphere? We have seen that the work of the State is to protect men in their rights, and that everything which defines their re-lation to their God is the work of the church. National Reformers would Christianize the land, as it were, by legal enactment (see Minutes Pitts-burg Convention, 1887, etc). It would make all who would be full subjects of these United States to confess God and his Son Jesus ChristŠto con- fess him, if not from conviction yet with the lips. The result would be, we will have a race of hypo-crites, and civil rulers and magistrates who are in heart servants of Satan will become the interpre-ters of Scripture, and will be called upon to decide what is and what is not the religion of the Consti-tution. And that is one of the most objectionable features of a union of Church and State. But, say the Reformers:-- " The State and its sphere exist for the sake of and to serve the interests of the church; " and " we will not allow the civil Government to decide between the churches and to ordain church doctrines, ordinances and laws."ŠChristian Statesman, Feb. 21, 1884. Be it so. The National Reformers will then decide what that "Constitutional religion," that " National Christianity " is, and what " Christian institutions and usages " are legalized, while judges and civil rulers will be called upon to en-force them. But when that time comes, we will have retrogressed to the period of the Dark Ages, the arrogance of the popes of those terrible days will have full sway, and no element will be lack-ing to a perfect union of Church and State. Ł  How It Will Work. THE New Haven Register of June 9, 1889, under the heading, "A Rational Reform Law Demanded," quotes the following little story from the current number of the pictorial Judge, under the caption " Cui Bono ?"Šfor whose good:Š First WorkingmanŠ" Let's go to the Art Museum." Second WorkingmanŠ" Closed on Sundays, you know." Third WorkingmanŠ" Well, let's take a ride in the stage up Fifth Avenue." Second WorkingmanŠ" Don't run on Sundays." First WorkingmanŠ" Gad! then let's go in Von Bier's back door and fill up." The Register remarks that " there is a deal of philosophy in this story which our good friends, the members of the Sunday Observance Club, will do well to think over." It follows with lengthy comments in a similar strain, which we have not space to quote. But the supposed incident shows very clearly one thing, and that is, that if the National Reformers cannot see how their desired Sunday law would work, others can see it, without any dimness of vision whatever. Enforced idle-ness upon those who have no conscience as to a day of rest, is simply enforced demoralization and crime. Unless the law to rest shall be supple-mented by a law that all shall attend church, the  majority will drift into the back door of some sa-loon and fill up. And even if they did compul-sorily attend church, there would be time enough for the saloon visitation after that. Instead of making this a Christian nation, the Sunday move-ment will only make it more unchristian.ŠReview and Herald. Romanism and the Republic. THE following is from the pen of M. Leon Borland, in the Forum. The statements that it contains, coming from the source they do, are worthy of more than ordinary attention :Š "Let us be Catholics," said Bossuet, "but let us be Gallicans." It is in the spirit of this great French preacher that I, a Frenchman by birth and education, would presume to offer a brief criticism upon the Roman Church and its rela-tions to the American republic. Let us be Cath-olics, but let us be Americans. Is it possible to be, at the same time, loyal Roman Catholics and loyal American citizens? I believe that it is not, and shall endeavor to give the reasons underlying this belief. " If the liberties of the American people are ever destroyed, it will be by the hands of the Roman clergy." When Lafayette spoke these words there seemed to be nothing whatever in the actual state of things to give them warrant. The Roman hierarchy was very weak and very poor in these United States, and the churches were, for the most part, small missionary stations, widely scattered over an almost boundless terri-tory. Power and influence it had none; but it had a system which Lafayette knew well, and he saw in that system a potency which made him fear for the liberties of the Nation which he had done so much to establish with his treasure and his sword. He had seen it in his well-beloved France, as a mighty serpent, coiling itself around the national life, and choking out the liberties of the people. This monster serpent, Ultramontanism, had crawled up out of the deep, dark, Roman sea many years before, and, as in the case of the loyal Trojan priest, Laocoon, had wound itself around the Galilean priest at the altar, and was slowly, but surely, strangling the priest and his faithful children, the sons of France. No native-born American could have seen danger when Lafayette saw it. No one but a Roman Catholic, born and brought up in a Roman Catholic country, could possibly have seen any danger to the American republic in the few missionary priests whom the Roman Church had sent over to the New World in such a modest guise. A good-natured contempt for such danger seems almost universal among the citizens of this great republic. I do not like the role of an alarmist, but I believe I see danger ahead, and am willing to expose myself to some ridicule in the hope of arousing my fellow-citizens to a sense of danger, which, as I believe, threatens the American Nation from the Roman Church. Look about you and see what the few poor missionary stations, in which Lafayette saw cause for alarm, have become. Behold the innumer-able churches, cathedrals, monasteries, nunneries, seminaries, colleges, and universities which cover the American continent from east to west, and from north to south. See the army of priests, bishops, archbishops, and cardinals, all thoroughly trained under the most perfect discipline, and swearing implicit obedienceŠto the Constitution of the American republic ?ŠNo ; swearing obedi- 