246 AlkifEulEtlICAINT SF9.,NTrIIN 1'H 1LO Vol, 9. No. 31. The basis of the desired union is, as stated, an acknowledgment by all other churches of the authority of Rome, of the error of all doctrines which stand in op-position to hers, and of the wickedness of the work of all by whom such doctrines have been taught; for this is what a com-pliance with the pope's proposition in- volves. It is not Christian unity for which the pontiff pleads, but for the "unity of Christendom," in that sense of the word which refers more to a profession of Christ than to possession of what he gives. Christian unity is, "the unity of the faith" (Eph. 4 : 13 ;)Šnot unity of be-lief merely, nor unity which men can bring about with respect to the faith, but unity which the faith itself gives to men, as many as will receive it. FaithŠChris-tian faithŠis a gift of God, and not an outcome of the will or reason of man (Eph. 2: 8); and Christian unity is the result of the faith which they have, and not of any efforts on their part to agree on points of doctrine while in a state of discord. There being but one faith, there must necessarily be unity among all who possess it. All who are united to Christ are by that very bond united to each other. And therefore no anxiety need ever be felt by any one for Christian unity itself, for that must always exist wherever there are Christians; and the very fact that a plea is put forth for the unity of Christendom is itself proof that it is not Christian unity that is called for, but only such unity as can be produced by the will and efforts of man. The encyclical declares, as stated in the Catholic Times, that "the church contin-ues with an ardor that knows no abate-ment the work of propagating the faith which has lived through nineteen centur-ies,"Šin which assertion there is more of truth stated than is realized by. the pope or his defenders; for what he miscalls " faith " has, in its Catholic phase, existed since the days of the Apostle Paul, who saw the beginning of its working nineteen centuries ago (see 2 Thess. 2: 7); but the . Christian faith is very much older than that, for "by faith Abel offered unto God a more excellent sacrifice than Cain, by which he obtained witness that he was righteous" (Heb. 1.1: 4); and the gospel was preached to Abraham (Gal. 3:8); and to his descendants who came out of Egypt. Heb. 4:1, 2. The Christian faith is as old as the days when God first spoke to man, for faith is belief of God's Word, and we read in the first Epistle of Peter, "the word of the Lord endureth forever; and this is the word which by the gospel is preached unto you." The gospel is everlasting (Rev. 14: 6): and therefore the Christian faith,Šthe faith which God gives to man,Šis everlasting; it has been prepared from eternity. The doctrines of the papacy are, in principle, older than nineteen centuries, extending back into the darkness of ancient heathenism until they become lost in the mists of time; but in their Christian guise they have existed for nineteen centuries and no more. The pope offers himself to the Protes-tant world as an infallible religious guide, since they have, as he informs them, no certain rule of faith nor authority. In other words since the word of the Lord, which by the gospel is preached unto men is not a sure rule of faith nor authority to them, the pope offers them the word of man, preached by the prelates of Rome! Sad indeed it is that the attitude of pro-fessed Protestants should invite such a  deliverance from the " man of sin." The root of this terrible evil is neglect of the words of God,Šthe holy Scriptures. Turning away from them and refusing to accept them in childlike faith, they have indeed no certain rule of faith nor author-ity left them, but have only the dire remedy for their schisms of going back to Rome. But "nevertheless the foundation of God standeth sure, having this seal: The Lord knoweth them that are his." 2 Tim. 2:19.ŠPresent Truth, London, England. Ł Ł  He Favors Freedom in Religion. THE pastor of a Christian Church in Missouri sends us the following excellent letter:Š Nevada, Mo., July 19, 1894. EDITORS AMERICAN SENTINEL :ŠI have received a sample copy of your paper with a tract entitled " The Civil Sabbath," by the kindness of some friend. I have read the copy, and take this method to say to you that I am in sympathy with every move away from religious legislation. No government has a natural right to dictate reli-gious duty, much less a free government like that of the United States. Christianity is natural govevnment. State government is arbitrary, To unite these must bring persecution and destruction. That the present status of our civilization is precarious, no one abreast of the times can for one moment doubt. God made man free, and lie who proposes to arbitrarily rule him is a usurper and claims divine prerogatives. I am for freedom in religious thought and action. Truth unfettered by human law will triumph in the end, and we can afford to wait the coming of the truth religiously, as well as we have waited for scientific truth. Yours in the love of truth and freedom. This letter is encouraging to us, and will be also to the person who sent the paper and tract referred to. They were not sent from this office, and we take this method of letting the friend who sent them know how they were received. We very fre-quently receive letters of this character from those who have had through others copies of the SENTINEL. Be not weary, friends, in well-doing, even if you get no immediate return. Success in Destroying Sunday. THE Christian Reformer, Pittsburg, says :Š The persistent and systematic efforts to make the weekly day of rest and worship a day of secular en-joyment, are meeting with remarkable success. On Saturday the daily papers publish the attractions of-fered in the public parks on the Sabbath, and hold out every form of inducement to the people to forsake the churches and go to the parks for a day or an evening of pleasure. Bands of music are engaged to add to the attractions offered. On Monday the papers tell what multitudes of people spent the Sabbath in the parks, and how they enjoyed themselves and were benefited. It is said that at least 40,000 people were in Schenley Park, Pittsburg, on Sabbath, June 10th. These people who are shut up from morning till night in offices, shops, business houses, and kitchens, cer-tainly need the advantages afforded by the parks. But it is a great wrong done to their own souls to use the Sabbath to obtain that advantage. There are six days for secular, and one day for sacred, employments. It is an outrage on humanity to spend the whole of six days in shops, and mills, and stores, without necessary recreation, and then to rob the soul of its rights that the tired body may be recuperated. Let there be a Saturday half holiday for bodily recreation. " Verily ye shall keep my Sabbaths and reverence my sanctuary." " Verily ye shall keep my Sabbaths!" How does the Reformer do this ? By calling God's Sabbath " Saturday," and urging men to give half of it to business, and half to holidayism. The Reformer treats God's Sabbath with greater disre-gard, if possible, than those, of whom it complains, do Sunday, and adds to this profaning of God's day the false claim  that it is justified in so doing because pre-vailing custom and majority rule are with it in such disregard. It sets an example of godlessness by its treatment of the real Sabbath, and then denounces those who follow its example in general by disre-garding both the Sabbath and Sunday. Physician, heal thyself. Cease your dis-obedienceto God, and teach men to revere this law, the authority of which surpasses human custom, as light surpasses dark-ness, as the mountain peak surpasses the marshy plains. Until such leaders as the Reformer are reformed the " remarkable success" which now attends the destruc-tion of Sunday will continue to be increas-ingly successful.ŠEvangel and Sabbath Outlook. No Conscience in Sunday Keeping. THE Christian Statesman, of July 7, says: " Men have no conscience, as we un-derstand it, on the Sabbath question with-out the fourth commandment. It is not an ethical axiom that one day of the seven should be put to sacred uses. Conscience on such a question cannot exist without a `Thus saith the Lord." But what then becomes of conscience in the matter of Sunday observance ? It is manifest that there can be no such thing, for there is absolutely no " Thus saith the Lord " for Sunday keeping, and the Statesman knows it. But our contemporary continues : "Mis-sionaries tell us that they find great diffi-culty in getting converts to observe the Sabbath [Sunday, the Statesman means]. Bishop Thoburn says : When a man be-comes a Christian he knows, without five, minutes' teaching, that he must avoid all immoral practices, but he does not know that he must rest one day in seven.' And how should he ?" inquires the Statesman. " And how will the missionary undertake to strengthen his conscience on that im-portant question ? He must do it, of course, by means of the fourth command-ment which says, `Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy.' " We want to ask, What, in the face of this statement of fact, becomes of the claim that Sunday is a civil institution, based, so far as the State is concerned, on the physical necessity of a day of rest ? It is simply abandoned. That which the Statesman asserts is ab-solutely true, except that the fourth com-mandment has nothing to do with Sunday. There is absolutely nothing in nature to give even a hint of one-seventh part of time for rest, much less any particular seventh part. Whole nations have risen, become strong and flourished for centuries without any knowledge of a weekly rest day; and nations exist to-day enjoying just as good health and living just as long without a regular weekly rest day as do those who observe Sunday most strictly. The whole physical necessity argument is a " pious " fraud, invented in this country to bolster up Sunday laws under a system of government in which Church and State is supposed to be absolutely divorced, and in which the highest lawmaking power is inhibited from making any " law respect-ing an establishment of religion, or pro-hibiting the free exercise thereof." Let the Statesman never again attempt to justify Sunday laws upon other than strictly religious grounds. HUMAN morals are finite; righteousness is eternal. 