728 AMERICAN SENTINEL. DURING- the past fortnight a number of that class of American citizens who are bent on demonstrating the failure of popular government have given an exhibition of their work in the State of North Dakota. On Sunday, the 14th inst., three men were taken by a mob from the custody of the authorities of Williamsport, in that State, and treated to the customaryform of mob justice. There is good reason for believing that one of these men was innocent of the crime charged against him. THE men had been accused of being the principals in a murder perpetrated at Winona, in the same State, a short time previous, by which an entire family had been put out of existence. Two of them had confessed their guilt, but the third had strenuously asserted his inno-cence, and had been held to be guilty only upon the testimony of the two desperate criminals in whose crime he was charged with participating. -But what lends a tragic interest to the affair is the fact that the Supreme Court of the State had at the time of the lynching, re-versed the judgment rendered against this man in the lower court, and ordered a new trial. In this judgment the Supreme Court laid down what it held to be good reasons for believing that the accused was not guilty. BUT mob justice takes no account of the verdicts of the courts. Two of the three men who suffered its ven-geance were certain to have met the death penalty in the regular process of the execution of the law,; but for this the mob could not wait. The third individual was, by the weight of carefully considered evidence, not guilty at all; but this the mob were not willing to admit. * * IF we are to judge of the real motive which actuates the mob on such occasions, from the facts which have appeared in this and other instances of mob violence, we can hardly escape the conclusion that such motives as have been usually assigned fall short of the real evil of the actuating principle. It has been said that lynchings were due to a popular distrust of the efficiency of the machinery of the law for securing justice, and that the delays of which legal procedure will admit are more than the patience of the public can reasonably be expected to endure. But we must look farther for the actuating principle of the mob's procedure in cases where there is a  certainty of the speedy execution of the law, or where there is a reasonable doubt of the guilt of the party accused. We can only conclude in Such cases that the mob are moved by a base desire to participate in the execution of the death penalty upon their fellow beings accused of crime; that there is, deep down in the average heart, an instinct which takes delight in such scenes of lawless violence; that lynchings, viewed in their true light, reveal, not the desire of the participants for justice, but the innate savagery of human nature. * * WHATEVER we may think upon this point, it is cer-tain that every lynching is an argument against the success of popular government. Mob justice ignores every established means of securing justice which popular government has set up. It declares, in effect, that every such means is a failure; and if this be true, popular gov-ernment itself is only a colossal failure, and the sooner some other form of government takes its place, the bet-ter. The more lynchings we have in the country, the nearer will we be brought to the setting up of some form of monarchy upon the ruins of the republic. * ONE of the most prominent signs of the times that is visible throughout the civilized world, consists in the rise and progress of socialism. This development is more marked in some of the countries of Europe than in the United States; but it is by no means unnoticed here, nor is the promise of a harvest from the seed which it is sowing less evident than in other lands. * FROM Belgium, better perhaps than from any other country, we may learn the lesson of the tendency and ultimate effect of this movement. The most significant fact about it is that in time it reacts most disastrously upon the system of popular education. Its whole influ-ence will be cast, in a reactive manner, against the system of free secular public schools upon which the country now prides itself, and in favor of a systri of religious schools in which instruction will be virtually in the hands of the clergy. * THUS, in, Belgium, where socialism has attained its most extreme development, there has been in less than twenty years a complete change from the first-named system of public education to the latter. The law of 1879 made the public schools in that country neutral, and denied the clergy the privilege of giving religious instruction in them. The year 1895 brought forth a law making religious instruction 'compulsory in the schools, and confiding instruction in the same to the clergy. This marked the completion of a backward movement that had been for several years in progress. In speaking of this reactionary movement in the educational system, 