MAY 10, 1894. A.MEMEILICA.IV S3NTIETINT.k.41L,. 151 liott hereŠRev. GeorgeŠconfesses " the complete silence of the New Testament, so far as any explicit command for the Sab-bath, or definite rules for its observance, are concerned." Many others speak to the same effect. Have we not as much right to tell this to the people as they have ? They do not agree among them-selves upon the obligations of Sabbath-keeping, nor upon the basis of Sunday laws. In every one of their conventions one speaks one way and another in an-other and contradictory way. Have we not as much right to disagree with them as they have to disagree with one another? Why is it, then, that they want to stop our speaking these things, unless it is that we tell the truth ? More than this, have we not the consti-tutional right freely to speak all this, and also freely to distribute tracts and papers in opposition to Sunday laws and Sunday sacredness ? Does not the Constitution declare that " the freedom of speech, or of the press," shall not be abridged ? Then when these men propo that we shall render such a, return for :that exemption, they do propose an invasiC' of the consti-stitutional guarantee of the freedom of speech and of the press. Why, gentlemen, this question of Sunday laws is a good deal larger question than half the people ever dreamed of. Was It Prophetic? ABOUT sixty years ago Alexander Camp-bell, editor of the Millennial Harbinger, a man of extraordinary acuteness of intel-lect, and who seemed to see into the far future almost with the eye of an inspired prophet, put upon record the following words :Š Were I to be asked what is the darkest and most ominous cloud in our national heavens, unhesitatingly I would answer: " Slavery as now established by law."  Again, were I asked for the next most inauspicious and portentous cloud in our political horizon, I must, with equal promptitude, reply: "The rapid growth of a popish empire in the bosom of a republic." Popery is naturally, essentially and necessarily des-potic, cruel, and implacable. It constitutionally claims a sovereignty over, not only the secular sword, but over everything on earth ; thought, language, ac-tion. spirit, soul, body, and estate. It regards itself as the heir of all earthly things, and by a right divine, and irrevocable, the only earthly king of kings and lord of lords. Its motto is: " The empire of the globe or nothing." The law of gravity will cease to act sooner than this superstition sleep on this side of abso-lute dominion. It cannot be the guest in any land; it must be the host. It claims to be the church, the only church in which there is salvation; and that, as Jesus Christ is in heaven head over all things for the church, so his vicar of Rome is to beŠjure divinoŠthe head over all earthly things for the sake of the church, in which alone salvation can be found. It cannot be cured; man cannot wash the Ethiopian white nor change the leopard's spotted skin, While popery lives, it must reign. It is the soul, the soul, the very life of the system, and take away from it these attributes and nothing remains. The words of those extracts are not the words of fanatics or enthusiasts or alarm-ists who cry " wolf, wolf" where there is no wolf ; but of a highly enlightened judi-cial and thoughtful man, who, as a true watchman on the ramparts of Americanism and Protestantism, sounded the warning signal of the approach of the foe coming over the distant hills and plains. What a clear sighted seer he was! How plainly this horoscopic sketch through that long stretch of years is defined to our eyes in our country's more recent historyŠof the coming foes, come, and lay-ing close siege to the citadel of American liberty !--Christian Leader. Apples of Gold ENVELOPE  SERIES  Library THIS is the title of a little monthly publication re-cently started by the Pacific Press, and is designed especially for use in personal correspondence. It is printed on thin paper, and one or two numbers can be put in a No. 6 envelope, with an ordinary letter, without increasing the postage. The following numbers have already been issued:Š No. 1. Looking unto Jesus. 2. The Christian's Privilege. " 3. The Sure Promises of God. How to Get Knowledge. The Church and the World. (Poetry.) The Elect of God. How Esther Read Her Bible. The Thief on the Cross. The Eleventh Hour. " 10. Benefits of Bible Study. Righteousness; Where Is It to be Found ? Five copies for one year, postpaid, 50 cents; or 12 copies for $1.00. Single subscriptions are not desir-able, for two reason: (1) The numbers being so small they are liable to be lost in the mails. (2) If they are used in correspondence, as recommended, more than one copy would be necessary. Single or assorted numbers of the Library will be mailed in quantities at the following rates: 50 cents per hundred, or $4.00 per thousand copies. Always order by the NUMBER. The Law of God as Changed by the Papacy Is the title of a large Chart just issued, which shows in a striking manner the blasphemous pre-tentions of the Papal power. The testimony of the Best Catholic Authorities is given, and shows, by quoting their own words, that Sunday is a child of the Catholic Church. These quotations, together with admissions from standard Catholic works, are arranged in parallel columns on either side of this Chart, while the center column contains the Ten Commandments as taught by the Catholic Church. The whole forms a collection of extracts of incalcu-lable value for every Bible student. The Charts are three by four feet in size, and are printed on heavy map cloth in bold type, easily read across the largest room. Price, Post-paid, $1.00. A fac-simile edition on thin paper, size 51- x inches, suitable for missionary distribution, has been prepared, and will be sent post-paid at 50 cents per hundred, or $4.00 per thousand. STEPS TO CHRIST, By Mrs. E. G. White. We take pleasure in announcing an important and exceedingly helpful work, under the title of STEPS TO CHRIST. The rare ability of the author in the pre-sentation of Scripture truth has never been used to better advantage than in this little work. STEPS TO CHRIST is not alone suitable as a guide to the inquirer and young convert, but is rich in thought and sug-gestion for the most mature Christian. Some idea of its scope and practical character may be gathered from the following table of contents:Š THE SINNER'S NEED OF CHRIST. REPENTANCE. CONFESSION. CONSECRATION. FAITH AND ACCEPTANCE. THE TEST OP DISCIPLESHIP. GROWING UP INTO CHRIST. THE WORK AND THE LIFE. KNOWLEDGE OF GOD. THE PRIVILEGE OF PRAYER. WHAT TO DO WITH DOUBT. REJOICING IN THE LORD. The book is issued in a rich, neat cloth binding, em-bossed in silver, at 75 cents per copy; in white vellum cloth, silver edges, $1.00. Sent by mail, post-paid, on receipt of price. Address Pacific Press, 43 Bond Street, New York City. or Oakland, Cal. TEdited by one sending the Third Angel's Message to the perishing in prisons all over the land. Agents wanted, 50 per cent. commission. Trial year 20 cents. Terms and sample copy 2 cent stamp. Indorsed by the SENTINEL. PRISON LIGHT, 40 Green Street, Brattleboro, Vt., PUBLICATIONS ON THE SABBATH QUESTION. READ the following and see if there is not some publication among them which you desire to read, or which will benefit some friend:Š The Abiding Sabbath. BY A. T. JONES. No. 9 of the Bible Students' Library. This is a review of two Sabbath " prize essays," one of $500, and one of $1,000. It contains mighty arguments on the Sabbath question; 174 pages; price, 15 cents. Is Sunday the Sabbath? No. 24 of the Li-brary. A brief consideration of New Testament texts on the first day of the week; 8 pages; price, 1 cent. Nature and Obligation of the Sabbath of the Fourth Commandment. By J. H. Waggoner. No. 54 of the Library, Clear and strong in argument; price, 10 cents. Sunday; Origin of its Observance in the Christian Church. By E. J. Waggoner. No. 80 of the Library. The testimony given with reference to Sunday is wholly Protestant. All Protestants should read it; price, 15 cents. Who Changed the Sabbath? No. 107 of the Library. What God's Word predicted; what Christ says; what the papacy says; what Protestants say. A most convincing document; 24 pages; price, 3 cents. "The Christian Sabbath." No. 113 of the Library. A reprint of four articles in the Catholic Mirror, the organ of Cardinal Gibbons. What Cath-olics have to say to Protestants on the subject; 32 pages ; price, 4 cents. Christ and the Sabbath. By Prof. W. W. Prescott. The spiritual nature of the Sabbath, what true Sabbath keeping is, and the relation of Christ to the Sabbath in both creation and redemption. A most important tract. No. 14 of the- Religious Liberty Li-brary; 38 pages; price, 5 Gents. The History of the Sabbath. By John N. Andrews. A complete history of the Sabbath and first day of the week in religious life and thought, from the earliest ages to the present time, and especially during the Christian dispensation; 550 large octavo pages; price, cloth, $2,00; library binding, $2.50. THE POCKET ATLAS OF THE WORLD ŠA comprehensive and popular series of maps, illustrating physical and political ge-ography, with geographical statistical notes, 54 double maps, cloth, $1. 00. Any of the above may be obtained post free on re-ceipt of price by addressing Pacific Press, Oakland, Cal. ; 18 W. Fifth Street, Kansas City, Mo. ; 43 Bond Street, New York City. Works on all phases of Bible truth. Send for catalogue. Wr113 1L-C,IE1 Through Palace Cars to the Pacific Coast. The West Shore Railroad in connection with the Nickel Plate and Rock Island routes have established a through Tourist Car Line, making weekly trips to California at extraordinary low rates. These excursions are under the personal supervision of Mr. A. Phillips, who has had several years' experi-ence in the tourist business, and he or his representa-tive accompanies each excursion en route. For detailed information apply to any ticket agent of the West Shore Railroad. THE SIGNS OF THE TIMES, A SIXTEEN-PAGE Weekly Religious Journal. Doctrinal, Practical, Earnest, Protestant, Scriptural, Christian. This really two dollar paper will be furnished at the following PRICES OF SUBSCRIPTION: single Copy, One Year, Post-paid, - $1.50 Single Copy, Six Months, Post-paid, - .75 In Clubs of Ten or More to One Address, Post-paid, - 1.25 To Foreign Countries in Postal Union, Post-paid, - ($2) 8s. Address, Signs of the Times, 12TH AND CASTRO STREETS, OAKLAND, CAL., U. 8. A. . 6.  4, 9.  c 11.  l,T PRISON UGH 