ERICAN ENTIN "IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WOEDS. AND BELT:EYE NOT, I JUDGE RIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. VOL. 12, No. 46. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 25, 1897. Single copy 3 cents. The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. 1 la ir Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no tears that they will be asked to pay for ft. (Entered at the New York Post-office.) LET us have less state religion, and more home reli-gion. ŁŁŁŁ Ł -.44 Ł - WHATEVER invades the rights of one man, denies the rights of all. To be patriotic does not mean that an individual shall make the state his god., -ŁŁ41.- Ł -444Š TRUE reverence cannot exist in the mind that has not learned respect for individual rights. Ł -4,- THE secular system of education is the only system that is incompatible with free public schools. IT is useless to try to remedy an evil in society by any measure which invades individual rights. IT is a sad feature of our modern civilization that it tends more and more to circumscribe the sphere of the parent's influence upon the child. ANY man who essays to force people in a matter of religious belief and practice, sets himself in the place of the Holy Spirit, to which alone men can safely look for guidance in the religious life.  of the individual conscience, tends to degrade the indi-vidual to the level of a machine, and to make him fit only to serve the purposes of despotism. ŁŁ1.- Ł Š4Ł-Ł No person can 'he a traitor to his country who has not first been a traitor to his conscience. "To thine own self be true, , And it must follow, as the night the day, Thou cans't not then be false to-any man.' WHAT is the patriotism of the Christian? Is it love of country? If so, then of what country? Is it of that coun-try which Abraham and the faithful worthies of old sought, as mentioned in Hebrews 11? That, and that alone, is the Christian's country. Some Absolute Certainties. IT is certain that the great majority of people in this world, even in enlightened and civilized lands, are not moving in the pathway of righteousness. Jesus Christ said that the pathway to life would be followed by but few, but that the way to destruction would be filled with many. If his words are true, it is certain that the many to-day are traveling in the broad way, which leads downward and away from goodness and from God. And that these words of the Saviour of men are true, is a fact abundantly confirmed by observation. The only ones who can think differently are those who mis-take the polish and veneer of civilization for genuine gOodness of heart. It needs only an average election to demonstrate the fact that the majority of the people do not really want good government. If they did, they would eliminate the saloon, which is universally recognized as a curse to so-ciety, and with which good government is wholly incom-patible. But the people who vote for government with-out the saloon are usually a small minority. It is certain that the minority cannot eliminate the ŠHOŠ ANY public measure that tends to stifle the free sway 