638 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. ness of either to concern himself about elections.'" If this be true, it should raise Gen. Otis measurably in public esteem. OUR MAP OF CHINA. We have mailed several hundred of these maps to patrons Of THE SENTINEL during the past few weeks and have received only words of commenda-tion therefor. Our limited supply now remaining we shall continue to mail to all purchasers at the nomi-nal price of fifteen cents. Order your copy of this map of China before it is too late. Bibles and Bibles Bagster, nternational, and Oxford Bibles. Also Luther's German Bibles. Wholesale and Retail. Catalogue Sent Free. Pacific Press Publishing Company, 18 W. Fifth St., Kansas City, Mo. Only 50c a Year for Medical Fees! HOW IS IT THAT a yearly subscription to the Health Journal may save you a number of medical fees and much val-uable time? Simply because it tells how to avoid sickness, and how to cure sickness by the use of simple home treatments. Ł FIFTY CENTS A YEAR. special three months' trial subscrip-tion, 10 cents in stamps. Sample copy sent free on receipt of postal. Address PACIFIC HEALTH JOURNAL, St. Helena, California.. 50 YEARS' EXPERIENCE TRADE MARKS DESIGNS COPYRIGHTS &C. Anyone sending a sketch and description may quickly ascertain our opinion free whethe. an  invention is probably patentable. Communica-tions strictly confidential. Handbook on Patents sent free. Oldest agency for securing patents. Patents taken through Munn & Co. receive special notice, without charge, in the Scientific American. A handsomely illustrated weekly. Largest cir-culation of any scientific journal. Terms, $3 a year : four months, $1. Sold by all newsdealers. MUNN & 61 Broadway. New York Branch Office. Co.425 I' St.. Washington. D. C. Religious.  What is Liberty? 15;05,705,* THE importance of a correct understanding of this question, and the principles govern-ing the true relation and attitude of the church and state can not be overestimated. Jefferson says, " The spirit of these times may alter, will alter," and it must be apparent to all that religious legislation is rapidly gain-ing favor in the public mind, and is embed-ding itself in the fundamental law of the land in defiance of the Constitution and all Ameri-can Institutions. The Religious.Liberty Library Nos. 1 to 26,  will answer the many questions arising in your mind on the subject of church and state. They are substantially bound in cloth, in three volumes; price for the set, $1.25, postpaid. Address , THE REVIEW AND HERALD PUBLISHING CO., Battle Creek, Mich. 