AMERICAN SENTINEL. 633 justice of this war. We are right and they are wrong. I hope that when they are conquered they will be made to feel for many years the iron hand of military rule, the only kind for which they are suited. I think the islands a most valuable acquisition. Their natural re-sources are almost beyond computation. From a strictly money standpoint they are great." Ł Ł "The iron hand of military rule," to be felt "for many years"Šthat is optimism, and always was such, for the tyrant; but it was never optimism in the view of the victim. And in giving their approval to this kind of talk, these newspapers expose to plain view the inhumanity of the policy of conquest and foreign sov-ereignty. EX-JUDGE Thomas A. Moran, of Chicago, returned from Europe the other day. He found people every-where talking of the course of the American Government in the Philippines:Š "I have often been asked to solve the problem of how our policy in the Philippine question could be rec-onciled with our traditions as a nation and our institu-tions as a Republican Government, which conundrum I always gave up. Some very intelligent Englishmen and Frenchmen with whom I have discussed this matter ex-pressed their opinion that our actions were a complete reversal of our republican ideas. They did not seem to understand how the American Government could seek to impose itself upon people. For the first time in American history the American citizen traveling abroad is being placed on the defensive by the action of his gov-ernment." Sunday Observance Mass Meeting in Duluth. AT a mass meeting in Duluth, Minn., for the promo-tion of Sunday observance, referred to in last week's issue, the following resolutions were passed:Š "WHEREAS, it is evident that long hours and Sunday labor do more to demoralize the masses than all other causes; long hours of labor will make the poor poorer, and less intelligent, and the rich richer, a condition not desirable by a liberty-loving people, and, "WHEREAS, low wages are the natural outcome of low conditions, and the logical remedy is the elevation of the wage-worker, and, "WHEREAS, it is the object of trade and labor organ-izations to decrease the hours of labor and prohibit as far as possible Sunday labor, to increase the wages and the hours for mental and moral advancement through which the wage-worker elevates his condition into in-telligent citizenship; and when any people disregard that law of God, 'Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy,' they degenerate and are severely punished, there-fore be it "Resolved, That all those interested in the above abolition of Sunday labor pledge their moral and finan- cial support to organized labor in all its attempts to right the cause of Sunday labor and kindred evils." These resolutions were drawn up by a committee of the "trades assembly," whose president, in a speech at this mass-meeting, declared that "the only solution of the problem is to have laws passed prohibiting Sunday labor and making it a crime punishable by fine or im-prisonment." This is the view that has long been advocated by the church party with whom the labor unions were on this occasion allied. It would appear from these resolutions that the participants in this meeting had really worked them-selves up into the belief that Sunday labor is more demoralizing upon the working classes than the traffic in strong drink. This only shows the length to which a person is carried away from the line of obvious truth, when he falls under the spell of the delusion that Sunday observance ought to be taken up by political bodies and forced upon people by the law of the land. This alliance of ecclesiastical and labor organiza-tions for the furtherance of this delusion will bear care-ful watching. Items from the M. E. Conference at Parkers- burgh, W. Va. THIS conference, attended by 510 M. E. clergymen, closed its annual session at Parkersburgh, W. Va., October 3, A noteworthy statement made by one of the speak-ers was:Š "The M. E. Church has always been recognized as one of the bulwarks of our Government in time of peace and also in war." In the resolutions that were passed was the following relating to expansion:Š "We believe that when peace succeeds this rebellion, our banner in the Philippines will be the symbol of com-mercial prosperity, educational culture, social elevation, freedom of conscience and absolute liberty in the meth-ods of divine worship." In a lecture by Mrs. Clara Roach, of Washington, D. C., secretary of the Woman's Home Missionary So-ciety, many good things were said about deaconess' work at home, the curse of the liquor traffic, etc., and last but not least, there was an eloquent appeal made by her to the conference to form and pass a resolution against seating in the senate of the nation the bold and daring polygamist, Brigham H. Roberts, of Utah. She also said there were already twenty-eight heathen temples in America; and that in ten years over 82,000 foreigners passed through Castle Garden on to our shores. Is it anything to us that heathen are com-ing to us to-day? Have we nothing to do at home nor abroad? We as a missionary people should be upon 