576 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. Vanymoohearrnramedneorastonninneljadyekra: z#4-41popckne —)  CHICAGO, SEPTEMBER 13, 1900. Any one receiving The Sentinel of Liberty without having ordered it, May know that it is seat, by some friend. Those who have not ordered The Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. " THE abolition: of all Sunday work " is one of the demands of a new political party--the " Social .Pro7 gres's League'Šthat Chas been organized in New.  York. " A CONSTITUTIONAL monarchy is probably the most desirable plan that we could now adopt," says the Des Moines (Ia.) Gtobe. "Everything," it adds, " is ripe for the change." SOme other statements that belong with this will be found on, p., 572.. ,24 AND ithilikest thou that thOse five thousand, —— Ł ' upon whom the hurricane and the sea fell, and slew them, were sinners above all them that dwell on the earth? I tell yotr, Nay ; but except ye' repent, ye shall all likewise perish. A PAMPHLET purporting to set forth the " Reli-gious Life of President McKinley," published by three Methodist clergymen, is being circulated through the country, seemingly as a sort of cam-paign document. The Catholic Mirror well observes that " the dragging of religion into, politics in this manner can- have no effect except to cheapen the dignity of the former." IN justification of the movement for a federation of Catholk societies-  in America, our- Catholic friends say that 'their rights are not safeguarded by the state, citing as an illustration that " the Catho-lics are obliged to bear the double expense of main-taining the parochial schools which. their children attend, and;  the public schools, from which they de-rive no benefit.'.' This 'of course is no more ,,than any denomination might say which maintains de-nominational schools. No individualŠCatholic or Protestanthas any reason to object to the payment'  of taxes for the support of the- civil government, even though some of its institutions may be of no direct benefit to him. And in the blessings which the public school system confers upon society, the Catholic parent is indirectly benefitted, although his own children may all be sent to the parochial school. .4  .4 DESCRIBING another race; riot that took place last week in New York.  City, the Sun says that not a dozen, men in the mob of a thousand persons who Were hunting negroes " knew what, the trouble Was about, nor, why they wanted to assault negroes; but :fight is in the air," and only_ the- activity of the police prevented probable murder. !‚ Fight is in.the air"-that is the right phraSe for the situation; and the reason. that " fight is in the air" is that we are being, drawn into the. climax of the age-long contest between the principles of right and :of wrong, of justice and of despotism. And with the climax' comes the end. .4 .4 WE owe an apology to the city, of Toronto, Ont., for having recently published the statement that street cars were not allowed to run there on Sun-days. This was true of Toronto until within-recent times, but about two years ago the city threw off the yoke of allegiance to a System which prohibited Sunday travel by public conveyance, and since then its citizens have been as well favored as any people elsewhere in this respect. Probably there are few, if any, large cities, also, where the, prohibition of Sunday travel would be attended with less discom-fort to the people than in Toronto. EXAMINE THE LABEL. THE yellow label on your paper indicates the date on which your subscription expires, Please examine it closely, and if it reads S.19 you should forward your renewal without delay in order to avoid the loss of any papers. Please also bear in mind that even-  though your subscription may not expire until October-or No-vembet it will be safe to renew your subscription now, and by so doing secure our map of Asia at once. We send 'it post-free to old subscribers who ad-vance their subscription one year by the payment of one, dollar. See description of map elsewhere, and if you desire it, act immediately on this sug-gestion. 