284 "PRE AMEMCAN SENTIN L. question him publicly during his lec-tures, and some of the questions brought forth a frank " I don't know." One of these was, " If the Government should enforce the moral law, as you advocate, what would you do with Catholics and others who violate the second command-ment, which forbids bowing before graven images ?" Professor Coleman was not prepared to imprison the whole Catholic Church of this country. He also unwit-tingly acknowledged that the enforce-ment of the fourth commandment on dis-senters would be persecution. In the pro-cess of illustrating another point he stated that if the Government were to enforce the seventh day of the week on Christians who keep Sunday, it would be persecution. Later, a listener referred to this statement and asked, " What would it be if the Government should en-force the observance of the first day of the week on Christians who keep the seventh day ?" The Professor acknowledged having made the statement, but answered by say-ing, " I had in mind an improbable con-dition of things i. e., a majority of the whole people in the wrong." In this statement he betrayed the supreme arro-gance, folly, and wickedness which lie at the root of the whole movement. By par-aphrasing this answer its true import is , more clearly seen. " When we, the ma-jority, enforce obedience to our views upon you the minority, it is not persecu-tion for it is improbable that we the ma-jority  are in the wrong; and it is not per-secution for we, who are right by virtue of our, majority, to enforce obedience to , our views of the fourth commandment upon you, who are wrong by virtue of your minority." Leaving the particular question of which day is the Sabbath, we attack the infallible majority theory with the pro-phetic word of God, with all history, sacred and profane; and lastly,. we hurl Professor Coleman himself against the theory, for he declared in the same lectures that 'at no time since the end of Istaers1 theocracy had the theory or practice of a: majority of the Christian world been right!  as regards the relation of religion and,  civil government. Notwithstanding all this, he proposes to use this erring ma-i jority to enforce his interpretation of the commandments of God upon others be-. cause in this instance he believes with the majority. "DIVIDED AGAINST ITSELF." Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts, of the American Sabbath Union, delivered his two lectutee here,  taking great care to inform his hearers, as usual, that his movement for compulSory Sabbath observance was based entirely' upon natural, economical, and sanitary grounds, and not upon religious reasons as Seventh-day Adventists and othets ignorantly declared it to be. If Mr. Crafts is sincere in this, and we  will not discuss that question -here, then we have the American Sabbath Union, which. Mr. Crafts represents, in deadly conflict with the National Reform Asso-ciation which voted at its Washington Convention to eliminate from its writings and speeches the term " civil Sabbath," , alleging, that the will of God as expressed in the fourth commandment, was the only true basis of Sabbath laws. How Mr. Crafts can oppose the views of National Reformers, and they in turn attack his views, and yet both labor in blissful har-mony, to secure the same end, is, until ex-plained, very strange conduct; but when understood it has in it the wisdom of the serpent. The writer asked a prominent ; National Reform advocate, at the close of Mr. Crafts's address, why the speaker ad-vocated Sabbath laws based entirely on secular grounds, and opposed the Na-tional Reform or religious basis as pre-sented by himself' He answered that he supposed Mr. Crafts presented the ques-tion in that light to escape the criticism which would result from placing his de-sired  legislation on a religious basis. In ; further proof of this a representative of of American Sabbath Union stated re-cently  before a ministers' meeting that for good reasons the representatives of these Ł two views were not to publicly affiliate but to work independently, as both could work to better advantage and with greater success. This explains why these two organiza-tions do not quarrel. They both want Sunday laws. The vote of the man who wants Sunday laws for secular reasons will count as much as will the vote of the man who wants such laws for religious reasons. So at these summer gatherings both views are presented, and the listener offered a choice between them, and the acceptance of either view is looked upon as encouraging. And why not ? When R. M. King, is securely locked in a Ten-nessee prison, it will make no difference to him or to either wing of the Sunday-law movement, whether he was placed,  there by .a Sunday law, secured by a ma-: jority of " civil Sunday " votes, or a ma-jority of "sacred Sabbath" votes; in, either case he will not be at liberty to plow his field on Sunday, and thus again; " give offense; to the sense of. propriety of those on their way to church," and con-. tmue to offer "a willful and intentional slightto the community.": (These quota-,  tions are not ;from "Foi's Book of Mar-tyrs" but from a stenographic report of the testimony of' Christian witnesses - against R. M. King, in the Circuit Court of Tennessee, and published in that form by the National Religious Libetty Asso-ciation.) - NOT ALL: .ONE-SIDED. The writer found 'a strong sentiment at Lakeside against the views presented by these' representatives .of legal-suasion re+ forms. Nearly one half of Mr. Crafts's'  large audience left the auditorium before the conclusion of the second address. A State officer of the Non-Partisan Wo-man's Christian Temperance Unions  of Ohio, stated that Mr. Crafts's manner of presentation, his voice, countenance and general demeanor, reminded her so much of the hanging of witches and Quakers, that she left before the conclusion of the address, and others expressed the same in substance. There were some prominent Christian workers at this gathering who noticed and deplored the present mania for, law as op-posed to the Gospel in bringing about re- forms. A. F. BALLINGER. National.  Reform Association and Kin-dred Organizations on the King Case. THIS heading might lead one to think that quotations were to be made from a number of statements from the various organizations favoring Sunday laws, tell-ing of their deep interest in and sorrow for the trial of Mr. King, of Tennessee. As the readers of THE SENTINEL are well aware, the National Reform Association, the American Sabbath Union, the Wo-man's Christian Temperance Union, and other organizations that are working to secure SInday laws and their enforce-ment, have asserted with great emphasis that such legislation would work no hard-ships to any, and that no one would be persecuted who saw fit to observe another day. And they are not slow to denounce Russia for her persecution of the Jews, and to say that such oppression is only be-coming to a cruel despot. But R. M. King, of Tennessee, was in-dicted for quietly plowing in his field on Sunday, after he had carefully observed -the previous day as the Sabbath. He has been prosecuted through the various courts of Tennessee, up to the Supreme Court of that State, and has just received the con-firmation of the sentences of all the lower courts by the United States Circuit Court remanding him to prison or pay a fine. And all this in a land that boasts of her religious freedom. Yes, and caused by the enforcement of laws that the various or-ganizations that are working to secure such legislation, have gravely told us would never interfere with the rights or religious freedom of any one. Now if the National Reformers, and allied organizations are the friends and champions of religious liberty, as they insist that they are, why don't we hear of some of them denouncing the persecution of Mr. King ? Is there any element of justice in a man being fined and impris- oned for quietly performing honorable labor on Sunday ? Even if Mr. King had not sacredly observed the day before, could it be said that any of the principles 'of equity and right would admit of fines and imprisonment being imposed on him for quiet labor on a day that is- religiously ob- 