THE Catholic Mirror, of August 29, pub-lished a defense of the Inquisition, written for that paper by James L. Conway, a prom-inent Roman Catholic layman. So able was the article considered in Roman Catholic cir-cles, that it is reappearing in other Roman Catholic journals. Following are quotations from the article which are numbered for con-venience in reviewing:- 1. " History divides the Inquisition into two distinct tribunalsŠthe Roman In-quisition and the Inquisition of the Spanish Government.' "One is purely ecclesiastical, the other [the Spanish Inquisition] strictly secular." 2. The Spanish Inquisition being "strictly 7. 6, II II [I 'III II III I I 111  11111111',1,;,,:d. l';,1,11',11111 R a china a "Heretic." Rack.Š" An instrument of torture by means of which the limbs were pulled-  in different directions, so that the whole body was subjected to great tension, sufficient sometimes to cause the bones to leave their sockets."ŠCentury Dictionary. "But aside from the question of civil society, was the church justified in punishing heretics for that reason alone? Most assuredly."ŠJames I.  Conway, in Catholic Mirror, Aug. 29, 1899. 306 tD.A G N '11  N 101 M. VoL. 11, No. 39 5. issues of which are fraught with consequences as momentous to the soul as imagination can depict. The minister of the gospel is commissioned to present to the people the law of God. He is commissioned to say in the name of God, "Thou shalt not steal." He is commissioned also to say by the same authority, " The sev-enth day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God: in it thou shalt not do any work;" and " Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself." In presenting the gospel, he will present not merely the law by which mankind is bound, but the divine means provided of God to en-able man to meet its requirements. And in all this he will address himself not to govern-ments, or political parties, but to individuals; for it is to individuals alone that the provi-sions of the gospel can apply. The pulpit politician, however, of which there are now so many representatives, has left the battle-ground where sin and right-eousness struggle for the mastery of the soul, and stepped down into the arena of politics, riot to beseech sinners to become reconciled to God, but to command them to become rec-onciled to a political party. Ignoring great moral issues which vitally concern the eter-nal welfare of souls, he devotes his energies to issues which concern the temporal inter-ests of State and party. He would have moral questions decided and moral laws en-forced by political methods, rather than by those divine agencies which alone are compe-tent to instruct and guide the soul in moral conduct. We are told that the church is now in pol-itics to stay; and we see no reason to doubt the truth of the statement. But the church that is in politics to stay is also out of Chris-tianity to stay. The political activity of the clergy, under cover of the "great moral issue" which is declared to be involved in the pres-ent campaign, affords a startling evidence of the advanced stage of development reached in the movement for a union of Church and State. s. MORALS AND RELIGION. THE fundamental idea of religion, Lei ond all doubt, is obligation. And the funda-mental idea of morals is precisely the same obligation. So far as they can be distin-guished, their distinction lies is this: that the obligation of morals is to a principle, while that of religion is to a person, even to God. But this does not and cannot discrim-inate either the subjects of moral obligation, that is, all moral beings, or the objects thereof, that is, all duties. Religion takes up, under her imperial and benignant sway, all creatures to whom right and wrong are or can be known, and lays her heavenly sanctions on all they ought to do. She vastly enlarges the scope and dignifies the office of duty. She raises dead ethics to life. She substitutes allegiance to man's true King, for the cold and ineffective impositions of abstract truth. There need be no larger reference to Scripture, in confirmation of this statement, than to adduce our Saviour's two great commandments, on which "hang all the law and the prophets:" " Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind, and with all thy strength, and thy neighbor as thyself." "Shalt" is the very keynote of morals. " The Lord thy God" is the sublime Person from whom the law must come, and to whom, in infinite de-gree, moral service is due.ŠCharles P. Deems, D.D., LL.D.'  in Frank Leslie's Sunday Mag-azine, December, 1879, page 713. THE INQUISITION. Arguments In Its Defense Critically Ana- lyzed.* BY A. F. BALLENGER. secular," "could not cloud the glories of Catholicity" even "were the charges as high as high Olympus." It "must lean for its justification on national rights and privileges." 3. To understand the Inquisition one must understand the "education" and religion " of the time and "beget in his soul the reverence and love with which they cherished the time-honored traditions of their forefathers." 4. " In the time of which we speak all the world embraced the teachings of the Catholic Church. King and subject, prince and peasant, rich and poor, priest and people, all believed her doc- * The defense of the Inquisition here referred to was re-printed in these columns September 10, nnd was commented upon by us in a general way at considerable length. The re-markable character of Mr. Conway's article and the fact that it was reprinted without comment in the Catholic News, of September 13, fully justify, we think, this more critical exam-ination of his arguments and admissions.ŠEDITOR SENTINEL. of the beautiful marriage of civil and religious institutions. The State then, as it should now [italics mine], protected and defended her [his] holy bride from danger and persecution " [from the teaching of any other than her doctrines]. 8. " All the laws, then, had a tinge of Catholicity, and they were carried out in a manner savoring of the principles of that universal church." 9. " The Inquisition was not formally es-tablished until 1248. Innocent IV. took the tribunal out of the hands of the seculars [Roman Catholic prelates not bound by monastic vows] and turned it over to the Dominicans." "  The Dominicans, according to their mission, introduced the Inquisition into all countries, and diligently sifted out and indicted heretics of every de-scription." 10. " Was the church justified in punish- trines." " Schools and churches, as-semblies and meeting-houses echoed and reechoed with her tenets and dogmas." " And so, quite naturally, it seemed to all who lived in such surroundings, and rigidly, too [italics mine], that any one who sought to destroy the faith of a nation . . . was as great an en-emy to the State, as one who contrived to undermine its civil institutions." " They [Roman Catholics] enacted laws and punishments in accordance with their religious convictions. To put it briefly, in those Middle Ages there was the greatest union of Church and State." " It is evident that one who was a heretic then was by that very fact in opposition to the spirit of the laws and customs of his countryŠin other wordsŠa disturber of the public peace, and an underminer of civil society." " This union was the natural outcome 