AMERICAN SENTINEL.. 309 or out of themŠis an unselfish character. Such a char-hater makes men good as neighbors and good as legisla-tors. But law is powerless to produce this character.  Self can be overcome and driven out of the heart only by the grace of God. When the grace of God shall no longer work upon men's heartsŠwhen by continued rejection the Spirit of God shall have been driven away from themŠthe Gov-ernment is doomed. Its Constitution will not save it. No principles of right and justice which have been established in a government by its founders, however noble and great, can avail aught when that government is administered by selfish, unscrupulous men. True, it is proposed to remedy the situation by re-moving all such men from office, and putting good men in their places. But of this it need only be said that it cannot be done. The cry, "Turn the rascals out," has long been the campaign motto of the "reform'`' forces,  but the " rascals " are in office still. There is nothing in politics which has a tendency to evolve good men. And as long as men retain natures susceptible to corrupting influences, as long as the masses of mankind remain fol-lowers instead of leaders, so long will politics continue to be ruled by the " boss " and the "machine." The influence of evil is spreading, its power is aug-menting; and it cannot be overcome by law. Law will not administer itself. He who makes and administers the law must have his own heart safeguarded from the prevailing selfishness, or the law will not, be made the in-strument of justice. Not law, but the grace of God, is first in the mainte-nance of peace and justice in the earth. Without the power of the Spirit, no reform from evil is possible. Religious Inebriates. A SAMPLE of the intoxication that is produced by im-bibingreligious error is given in the Christian Endeavorer for May. Mr. G. L. Wilson, having evidently read and assimilated the Rev. Mr. Gamble's "great discovery" con-cerning the Sabbath, writes the following:Š "When Jehovah finished his six days of work, he did not set apart Saturday as a rest, but gave us the astron-omically true Sunday, September 27th, A. M. (not Ju-lian). When the ceremonial law was given, after the Sunday sabbath seemed forgotten in Egypt, the tenth to sixteenth Nisan week was given at Passover time, in the year 25, 10 A. M. [2510 A. M. ?], at which time Friday to Saturday was the seventh day of the ceremonial weekŠonly ceremonial; and this date of the month would come on different days in different years, as the Fourth of July comes on different days of the week in different years. In the year 2550 A. M. the manna showed Sunday as the Sabbath. In the year A. D. 30, prophecy showed Sunday, April 7 (9th Julian), to be the restored Adamic Sabbath (not the ceremonial Jewish). It was man's first day of the new creation, but God's seventh day." Let the reader contrast this jumble with the clear  simple, straighforward language of the fourth command-ment, and then thann. the Lord that he does not have to try to look through a tortuous maze of assumption and supposition to discover his duty with regard to the Sabbath. 41,  -4-4- An Interesting Case of " Religion in the Public Schools." ON April 24th last, a decision was rendered by two judges in the District Court of Stearns County, Minn., which forbade the conducting of religious exercises in the public schools of Avon. The case was that of Oliver Rasnick, plaintiff, vs. Common School District No. 60. The decision sets forth that religious services which in-cluded repetitions of the Lord's Prayer and prayers to "Mary, mother of God," had been regularly conducted in the school from the time of the organization of the school district, without objection from its patrons, until the commencement of the school year of 1896; and that after complaint had been made by the plaintiff and others to these exercises, "a majority of the legal voters of said school district petitioned the trustees thereof to permit and authorize the school house in said district to be used for the purpose of divine worship and for the purpose of instruction in religious matters and religion, the same not to interfere with the use of the school house for school purposes, which petition was granted and notice thereof was by the said trustees given to the defendant." The practical working of this permission is an inter-esting feature of the case, and is set forth in the decision (in part) as follows:Š " Four or five minutes before nine o'clock in the fore-noon the children were called together in the schoolroom, the pupils required to stand and together repeat the fol-lowing prayer : ' Our Father who art in heaven, Hal-lowed be Thy name, Thy kingdom come, Thy will be done on earth, as it is in heaven; give us this day our daily bread; and forgive us our trespasses as we forgive them that trespass against us; and lead us not into tempta-tion, but deliver us from evil.ŠAmen.' And also the fol-lowing: ' Hail, Mary, full of grace! the Lord is with thee ; blessed art thou amongst-women, and blessed is the fruit of thy womb, Jesus. Holy Mary, mother of God pray for us sinners, now, and at the hour of our death.ŠAmen.' "Then without any intermission or further calling the school to order, the school exercises proper were begun and continued to twelve o'clock. Then, without any dis-missal of the school, or intermission, the said prayers were repeated ; pupils desiring to do so, however, being permitted to retire before the saying of these prayers. The school was then formally dismissed for the noon hour. Four or five minutes before one o'clock the school was called to order and the pupils directed to stand and repeat the following prayer : ' The Angel of the Lord de-clared unto Mary, and she was conceived of the Holy Ghost. Hail, Mary, full of grace, the Lord is with thee; blessed art thou amongst women, and blessed is the fruit of thy womb, Jesus. Holy Mary, mother of God, pray 