AMERICAN SENTINEL. 419 disconnected from love, for there is no love in law. And if disconnected from love, it is disconnected from God; for "God is love." The True Peace Conference. BY E. J. WAGGONER. THERE is a council of peace continually in session, and it is the only council that can accomplish definite results. "Thus speaketh the Lord of hosts, saying, Behold the Man whose name is THE BRANCH; and he shall grow up out of his place, and he shall build the temple of the Lord; even he shall build the temple of the Lord; and he shall build the glory; and shall sit and rule upon his throne; and he shall be a priest upon his throne; and the council of peace shall be between them both." Zech. 6:12, 13. The true council of peace is be-tween God and Christ on the throne of God in he'aven. The God of peace has sent Jesus, "the Prince of peace," who is "our peace" preaching peace, "peace to him that is far off, and to him that is near." Isa. 57:19. Christ has left his peace with men, but not as the world gives it. Whoever will let the peace of God rule in his heart (Col. 3:15), by receiving and trusting abso-lutely in the Word of God, will be kept by "the peace of God which passeth all understanding." Phil. 4:6, 7. This is the peace of righteousness, which comes from hearkening to the commandments of God. Isa. 48:18; Rom. 5:1. Only God can impart this peace, and it is the only peace that is peace indeed. It is perfect peace, and it is as lasting as eternity. Now it is not this peace that the delegates of the na-tions have met to confer about at The Hague, and con-sequently they are imagining a vain thing. If it were the true peace that they were conferring about, they would be having a religious meeting, pure and simple, seeking the blessing of the fullness of the Holy Spirit. "What a strange thing that would be for a congress composed of delegates from all the nations," all will ex-claim. Indeed it would be a strange thing, and an im-possible thing; for if they were assembled for this pur-pose, their action could not be representative. Each one could secure peace for himself only as an individual. Their action would bind nobody else. It would be a grand thing, however, if they would seek peace in that way, for then something would be accomplished; a few men, at least, would secure peace. "There is no peace, saith my God, to the wicked." Isa. 57:21. It is only by personal faith in Christ that righteousness comes; therefore it is evident that to na- tions on this earth there can never be peace. Only by submitting to the mild sway of him that sitteth on the throne in the heavens, and acknowledging and keeping his laws, can there be peace. That would result in there being only one Bing over all, which will be the case in  the world to come, when "the kingdoms of this world are become the kingdoms of our Lord, and of his Christ; and he shall reign-  for ever and ever." Rev. 11:15. It is not necessary, therefore, nor even profitable, to call a conference of all the nations, in order to have peace. Each person may have a successful peace confer-ence by himself, wherever he is. God has spoken peace, and Christ has been sent with the message. We have only to 'listen and accept. "I will hear what God the Lord will speak; for he will speak peace unto his people, and to his saints." Why Universal Peace is Impossible. "Literary Digest." WHAT the Peace Conference at The Hague has ac-complished so far has not been officially revealed to the outside world. There is a rumor that the German gov-ernment suggested that the sittings be made public, but that England refused. At any rate, the proceedings are secret, and all we hear is subject to the proverbial grain of salt. In the meantime the conviction is getting stronger that theConference, so far as the establishment of universal peace is concerned, must necessarily be a failure. This is especially well expressed by a writer in the Handelsblad, Amsterdam, who, under the heading, "Ulterior Hopes," writes as follows:Š "To make lasting peace possible, national ambition must be killed. Is that possible? Let us see. "Here comes Marianne, the personification of France. The cap of liberty is on her raven locks, but it does not sit very firmly. Will it fall from that restless little head? " 'Do you think I am hopeless?' she asks. 'Have I forgotten Alsace-Lorraine? No, no, the Latin race is not dead. We will unite Spain with us; we will raise the popeŠdependent upon our supportŠonce more to a throne; we will teach Italy the step of our battalions. Does any one think I have forgiven Agincourt and Crecy, and Waterloo? No, and I have not forgotten the Amer-ica and India of my forefathers. The Latin race shall once more rule the world, for my children are as countless as the sands by the sea.' " have aspirations,' says John Bull. 'I want the consolidation of my empire, I want an alliance with the Anglo-Saxon on the other side of the water. Do you think I flatter him so humbly for nothing? Africa must become a British island. The Russians will be driven out of sight. When Ireland once more is loyal, my fleet shall rule the world, if only the Yankees will help me! I can always recruit an army out of the lower orders. The gold, the wealth of the earth must be mine. Let Britannia rule!' "Here comes Pobydonoszeff, the typical Russian. He is master of Europe just now, thanks to poor Mari-anne. He represents the Slavic races, who dream no less of being masters in Europe and Asia than any other race. The Orthodox church must be made victorious everywhere, he says. He points to China and Central 