448 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, JULY 20, 1899, THE Peace Congress is expected to conclude its sitting July 26. ..4 IN our next issue we will report the outcome of the three trials for Sun--day breaking held this month in Georgia and Mississippi. ENLISTMENTS ill the army to serve in the Philippines is a much more popular thing in the United States than it is among the volunteers at Manila whose terms of service have expired. .44  THE National Reform theory of government is that of government by consent of the "orthodox" clergy; an oligarchy is a government by consent of the "nobility;" a plutoc-racy is a government by consent of the rich; an imperial government is a government by consent of an em-peror and his favorites or by some party holding supreme power; and all these various forms of despotism rest on the same principleŠthat of government by consent of some of the governed. On that principle it is impossible to erect anything else than a despotism. IN AustraliaŠit appears from the speech of an Australian clergyman at the late Christian Endeavor con-ventionŠthey do not want the "American Sabbath" any more than some people here want the "Euro-pean Sabbath." In the Australian view the "American Sabbath" is a thing to be carefully excluded. It is not only nothing worth saving, but a positive evil, the establishment of which in Australia would be nothing short of a calamity. Can it be, then, that this "American Sabbath" is really a thing of such great value as some American writers and speakers would have us think? Is it not the truth that the "Sabbath of the Lord" specified in the fourth commandment is the only Sabbath of value, and worth holding to? THE apologists for the war of sub-jugation in the Philippines have much to say in disparagement of Aguinaldo and his followers, but they never say anything about the principles by which the campaign is justified or condemned. They attempt to justify the campaign by alleging that the Filipinos are treacherous, mercenary and generally an incapable and worth-less lot,Šas if all this, even if true, could make any difference in the mat-ter of their natural rights. The most worthless specimens of the white race in AmericaŠmen as base and degen-erate as any to be found in the Phil-ippinesŠare accorded all the rights of American citizens, and no impe-rialist would dare attempt to put in practise here the doctrine he preaches with reference to the people of Luzon. Despotism bases its claims upon dif-ferencesŠreal or allegedŠbetween men; but just government is based not on human differences, but on hu-man rights. Despotisms are based on men, but just government rests on principles. THE aggressiveness and success of Mormonism in this country is re-garded, and rightly, as a national menace. But why? Not because of its peculiar religious doctrines, but because it is a political power. It dominates State affairs in Utah and has a strong hold upon the surround-ing States, and may soon hold the balance of power in Congress. The Mormon Church is in politics, and this is the menace of Mormonism to the nation; but the other churches in the land are estOpped from making any protest, for they are doing the same thing. They all believe that Christians should go into polities and make politics pure by the appli-cation of Christianity to it. Ł The Christian should vote "as Jesus would have him vote,", etc. This is what they say for themselves, and  why cannot Mormons say the same for themselves? They can; and Mor-monism as a national menace can never be consistently or successfully combatted by the churches, save on the principleŠthe genuine Christian principleŠthat religion and politics should not be mixed. ON Long Island Sunday golf is legal, but Sunday baseball is prohib-ited. Sunday, July 9, a baseball game at Bayside was stopped by the police, whereupon the players began a mimic golf game with their clubs and the ball, with the result de-scribed in the following:Š "While a large number of specta-tors were enjoying the spectacle im-mensely and entering thoroughly into the spirit of the protest against official discrimination, a policeman opportunely sharpened the point of the satire by rushing up and crying: " 'Here! Here! What are you fel-lows doing?' " 'We're playing golf,' was the re-ply, in a meek chorus, while the play-ers continued to mimic their more favored rivals of the links. "The policeman watched them in perplexity for a few minutes, and, having satisfied himself that they were not playing the national game, retreated, with the gruff admoni-tion: " Well, if that's golf you're all right, but if I catch you playing baseball, I'll make it hot for ye.'" And such efforts are supposed to deepen the popular regard for Sun-day! THE Sunday Sun, of London, Eng., reports that the British government is manufacturing a new bullet which is even more deadly than the "dum dum." Report says that 200,000,-000 rounds of this barbarous am-munition are, already in stock. Presumably this is to be used upon barbarian "rebels" in lands belong-ing to or coveted by that govern-ment. But must not the "palm" of barbarity be given to the people who kill their enemies in the most barbarous fashion? When a civil-ized people show themselves barbar- ous toward savages, they show that civilization has only cloaked their barbarism, and not displaced it. 