A MERICAN $14_1NTINEL. 103 Christ ordained no "auxiliaries" nor "annexes" for his church, and if she is faithful she needs none. But the unfaithfulness of the church occasions their existence, and as some of these societies are doing good, though not in the best way, we cannot absolutely con-demn them. Indeed we work with some of them, and pray God's blessing upon them. But what a pity that the church should need so much and such help, leading so largely to the "Amusement Heresy and Cooking-stove Apostasy." We have contact but not fellowship with the world. We should have fellowship only with assemblies of per-sons who give evidence of being saved persons. 2 Tim. 3:1-5. The alliance in law of "Church and Society," with "Secular Trustees," is marriage with the worldŠ"Per-gamos." Godly deacons managed the property of the early church. In Rev. 17:3, 'the harlot rides on the beast, but in Cant. 8:5, the true Bride leans on the arm of her Beloved. All yokes with "associate members," or lobby members, are utterly unchristian. There was no fellowship between those inside and outside of the ark. They were absolutely and eternally separated, as the saved and the lost. No auxiliary pleasure yachts were provided to hover around the ark with "associate mem-bers." Keep out of mixed flocks of sheep and goats. The line of demarkation should be distinct. These alliances are efforts of the church to "plow with ox and ass," and the crop will be thorns and thistles for the burning. In short, we are to be like Christ, Isa. 53:3, despised; Matt. 10:24, rejected; John 5:41, no position; John 18: 36, strangers; Heb. 3:1-14, pilgrims; 2 Tim. 2:12, suf-fering; Titus 2:11-15, self-denying, sober, righteous, godly, watching, pure, peculiar, and unpopular. This is Christianity according to Christ, and the only gospel that saves. In all ages the policy of conformity to the world has shorn the church of her strength, destroyed herusefulness in the world, and dishonored Christ. She has always been most powerful, honored and triumphant, when most sep-arated and holy. Then in the face of soft theology, pulpit blandish-ments, and all worldly policy, let us ring out the clarion call for complete separation from the world and complete consecration to Christ. If all Christians would live like Christ they would soon turn the world upside down. WE have no objection to the Christian Endeavors, or to the members of any other religious society. We have no objection to any religious organization, as such. In their legitimate field of work, the Christian Endeavor Society, the Epworth League and kindred or-ganizations are capable of achieving magnificent results in the way of uplifting fallen humanity. In this line of work they have done much, and their work is worthy of all commendation. We cease to ap- prove, and object, only when they enter upon work which is outside their legitimate, sphere of action. We object, in other words, when a religious organiza-tion steps over the line between that which is religious and that which is civil, making use of civil power to en-force religious beliefs or observances. The Christian Endeavor Society is a truly magnificent body of earnest, devoted, and well-meaning young men and women; and the same is true of the Epworth League. They have power, influence, enthusiasm, conse-cration. But for this very reason it is all the more essential that they should not make the false moves which they are now being led to make. That which is capable of ac-complishing vast good is also capable of doing incalcula-ble damage. It is only a question of whether it is used for its legitimate purpose, or is perverted to something else. We believe the Christian Endeavor Society, joined with the Epworth League and kindred organizations, while capable of immense good in religious work because of their numbers, zeal, and devotion, are also, for that very reason, capable of plunging this whole country into ruin, under mistaken ideas of right and duty. There is nothing else but ruin for this country in a union of church and state. Lucifer, before his fall, was one of the highest angels in heaven; and for this very reason, when the goodness that was in him became perverted, he became the prince of evil. Too great caution cannot be exercised in guiding or-ganizations within which lie such vast possibilities for good or evil. .-4 Why Is It ? THE greatest power in the universe is the power of God. The greatest power is capable of accomplishing greater results than any lesser power. In the direction of reform, therefore, the greatest re-sults will be accomplished by the power of God. "The power of God for the reformation of man is man-ifested in the gospel, and in that alone. The gospel is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believ-eth." Rom. 1:16. There is now a great call made for moral reform and the regeneration of society. Yet those who are sounding this call and organizing movements for its accomplishment, do not propose to make use of this power of God which is by faith, but of another powerŠthe ballot. Why do they propose to use the ballot in the place of the power of God? Why do they pass by the greatest power in the universe and select a power which is infinitely inferior to it? 