174 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. INT.A'ricriv,u4  RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. DECLARATION of PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit. ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on religious questions. We believe it is the right and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own con-science. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and honorable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil government; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the in estimable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES. 48 BOND STREET, NEW YORE CITY ; 225 A ST., N. E., WASHINGTON ; 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO. What They Are Doing. THE Executive Committee of the Na-tional Reform Association lately met in the Young Men's Christian Association parlors, Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, and its Secretary reported, among other things, that a letter " had been manifolded by the typewriter and mimeograph and sent to more than ten hundred and fifty pas-tors," asking them for " a sermon in be-half of the cause and a collection for its treasury." There has also been undertaken " a registration or enrollment of the friends of the cause, by States and counties, pre-serving thus for reference and constant use the names and addresses of those who are reported by workers in the field or are ascertained by correspondence to be-de-voted to these principles and willing to co-operate in the work. Blanks have been printed and ruled for this purpose capable of enrolling twenty thousand names show-ing addresses, and church connection of every one," etc. A letter is also about to be sent to judges of the State and Federal courts, "with reference to the propriety of prayer in courts of justice," and " asking co-op-eration to make this observance general." It was also reported that the Sabbath Observance Department of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union had joined with the National Reform Association in a letter to the Evangelical Alliance, at its world's conference, in Florence, Italy, asking that the Alliance unite with them in petitioning for the closing of the:World's Fair, in Chicago, on Sunday. Of the movement started by the Christian States-man to establish another powerful and im-portant branch of the National Reform Association in an Association of the Ed-itors-of Religious. Newspapers, the report says :Š It is believed that such an organization, with an annual conference for the discussion of matters pertaining to our common Christianity, would af- ford a noble opportunity for the advocacy of im-portant truth. . . . Several of the editors of religious newspapers in Philadelphia united in an invitation to all of their associates to meet in the office of the Christian Statesman and consider the proposal. At this meeting nine religious papers were represented, and a committee was appointed to confer with the editors of religious newspapers throughout the United States, and, if the response should be favorable, to call a general preliminary conference to make arrangements for the first general meeting. Anent this Association the Christian at Work remarks :Š A movement having its genesis in Philadelphia, has been started for the formation of an association of editors of religious journals and periodicals. That such a movement contains possibilities for enlarged usefulness is undoubted. During the last score of years religious and social problems have come to the front as never before, . . . With nearly five hundred distinctively religious publica-tions in the country, and with so much influence certainly in the religious press, the suggestion for an association of the editors of these publications seems to be timely and auspicious. It is certainly to be desired that editors should be in closer touch with each other, and be enabled to confer as to the best methods of securing greater efficiency for their work. The organization, we may add, should be practical and not merely ornamental, and should seek to accomplish definite results. . . . We hope to hear from this committee at an early date, and trust we shall soon see the projected association in a fair way to become an accomplished fact. Ł Reports From the Field. H. F. PHELPS, of Brainerd, Minnesota, a worker in the National Religious Liberty Association, sends in the following from letters recently received in response to circulars and literature'sent out :Š The following is from a lawyer: "Any legisla-lation, either State or national, tending to secure or favor any religious sect or creed, either in church or school, ought to be opposed, and given no rest, by every lover of constitutional liberty, whatever his political or religious faith may be. Make life for it impossible." Another, a minister, writes : "I will hasten to reply, and it will take but few words either; I can do it all in two; viz., I Agree,' or, to use your own words, keep Church and State forever sepa-rate." Another writes: I agree with the principles of the Association. It will be a sad day for the country when the State shall dictate our religion for us. A County Commissioner writes : " I will do all I can to set this matter before the people in its true light. Anything I can do, be assured, I am willing to do." Another says: "I am in sympathy with all the principles of the Association." A postmaster writes : " We should consider that the rights of conscience are a great thing. I re-ceived your letter and leaflets. The neighbors took quite an interest in the matter, and wanted me to get petitions signed. All of your papers are grand." Another County Commissioner says : " I received your letter of a late date, and I thank you very much for the reading matter. It is excellent: just to the point. I am very much interested in this question, and think the Constitution is all right as concerns religion." . Ł  MAN may be caged or persecuted by his fellow-men, but thought is free and will still roam at large.ŠSturdy Oak. REV. W. F. CRAFTS, in his lecture tour is now making his way through Iowa. A short time since he spoke in the lively little city of Washington, on his favor- ite hobby of closing all the stores, saloons, etc., on Sunday. The editor of the Wash-ington Press made quite an extended com- ment on his work from which we select the following paragraphs :Š If this one man can make it so that 500 men in this orderly city, representing 8,000 people, can't get a letter or paper on Sunday; that is if he can regulate their conduct- in these two respects, he could on precisely the same grounds and methods of procedure go a few steps further and regulate all our doings on that dayŠpen us up in our grounds, for example, or make us go to church, or make us do anything. We say he has no busi-ness to meddle with us in any respect. We are not poor fools; we are not little children unable to prescribe our conductŠWho made this New Yorker a pope, a dictator, a critic, a censor for the people of Washington, Iowa ? Nobody, except those among us who fall into his trap. . . . It makes us tired to see these folks who have such an insatiable passion to regulate somebody. . . . Are we not capable of, self-government ? of regulating our own conduct ? Of doing our duty and of respecting.  the feelings of others ?ŠLet's stand, each on our own feet, use our own heads, and be men and women. The Sigourney, Iowa, Review, under the caption of " Too Much Brother's Keeper," offered some excellent comments on the article in the Press. The following are some of the statements of the Review : This question promises to become a prominent one in the politics of this country before long. Christ told his disciples that his kingdom is not of this world, and again and again warned them against any attempts to advance His spiritual gov-ernment by force and the strong arm of the law. Christ seemed to prefer the cheerful, voluntary service of free men rather than the blind and servile obedience of slaves. But the Christian world has made rapid strides since the dawn of the Christian era, and the slow process of the ele-vation of fallen man by the cultivation of the nobler promptings of the heart, as taught by Christ, are becoming obsolete, and the rapid process of rushing mankind through the pearly gates in job lots, by legal enactment, has almost entirely sus-pended the system of free grace. It seems, in this generation, that when a man experiences religion, . . he gets it into his head that he ought to be his brother's keeper, and regulate the life and habits of his fellow man, and make them conform to his own. There is a prin-ciple in human nature that makes us delight in having everybody else do as we do, and we are very indignant when they decline our suggestions, and propose to follow the dictates of their own judgment. This class of reformers is becoming quite nu-merous just now. They are clamoring for a national law to give them the power to stifle freedom of conscience in spiritual matters, to fine and imprison men like Mr. King, of Tennessee, who have read their Bible by the light of reason, and ,arrived at a different reckoning, and prefer to be governed by their own individual judgment in such matters, rather than whims that more accomplished wire-working zealots have bulldosed the body politic into engrafting into law. Sunday, May 3, Mr. Crafts was in Des Moines and presented his usual plea for Sunday laws. The friends of religious liberty were on hand with a good supply of literature so that the people might see both sides of the question. He promises to spend several weeks yet in Iowa, C. ELDRIDGE,  W. A. COLCORD, President. Secretary. 