THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 37 not an establishment of that particular thing by authority of law? Suppose, for example, that the Constitution forbade the recognition by the State of the laws of mathematics. Would not an amendment which directed that the multiplication table be taught in every common school in the land, at the same time pledging the United States to the support and maintenance of such schools, be a repeal, or, at any rate, a palpable evasion of the prohibition against mathematics? Without seeking to enter upon any polemical discussion, it is beyond controversy that the "principles of the Christian religion" must involve the divinity of Christ; fbr, so far as the purely ethical doctrines are concerned, they are common, to a greater or less degree, to all religions, and may, indeed, be found in certain philosophical systems which lay no claim to being considered religions at all. Senator Blair, then, would have every common school in the United States teach children, betven the ages of six and sixteen, that Christ was divine. But if this be done, how can the conclusion be avoided that the United States has adopted a State religion? and what becomes 'of the rights of those of her citizens who believe otherwise? The question is a serious one, and it cannot be left for decision solely to those who already be-lieve in the Christian religion. They have, under the law, every right to believe; but their neigh-bors, who may be fire-worshipers, or. Mohammed-ans, or Agnostics, have, under the same law, an equal right to disbelieve; and the question is, whether it is consistent with the idea of a Gov-ernment which has always disavowed any union between Church and State to insist that all the children of the Nation shall be instructed in the principles of any religion, no matter what its in-trinsic value or claims upon the world may be. Virtue and morality are one thing, the principles of the Christian religion another; and it behooves us to pause and reflect before we consent to such an innovation in legislation as the Blair Amend-ment proposes. "The American Sunday." THE "American Sunday" and the "American Sabbath " are stock phrases in the religio-political literature and speeches of would-be National Re-formers. One would think that Sunday sacred-ness originated in this country, or that this nation had instituted a Sabbath. But neither of these is true. The term is used as a taking phrase, to catch votes or curry favor. There is, it is well known, a strong opposition on the part of a very large class to anything foreign. The greater number of immigrants who land at Castle Garden are not the best timber from which to manufac-ture the constituent parts of this self-governed ship of State. It is from this class that anarch-ists and socialists are largely recruited. Strikes are promoted by them. Many of them are Catholics, subjects of the Roman Pontiff, while professing allegiance to our own Constitution and laws. All these, and other reasons which might be named, prejudice many Americans against any-thing foreign, and to the same extent in favor of anything American. This prejudice has been made to do valiant service for National Reform-ers in the last two years. The strict Sunday observance as borrowed from the Puritans and from Scotland, was engrafted on their descendants in the New England States;  and from New England's regard for the Sunday, has come the term, the "American Sunday;" and this is contrasted with what the same class call the Continental Sunday. But there are two points which we wish to notice right here, which show the hollowness of the claim put forth as re-gards the Continental and American Sundays:- 1. The origin of Sunday observance is Conti-nental. It began in the days of Constantine, when he issued a decree in 321, A. D., that Sunday should be kept as a day of rest from secular labor in the cities and towns, but those in the country could follow their agricultural pursuits. This was a pagan decree for a pagan holiday [" the venerable day of the sun "], by a pagan emperor. Worldly bishops and priests in the Christian church took advantage of the law, to compel their flocks to do the same. But it was centuries before it was observed to any extent by Christians. Luther did not hold it sacred, neither did Calvin and other Reformers. Certainly the proper way to keep the Sunday, if it should be kept at all, is the way that it was and is kept by that part of the world where it originated, and not the way that it is kept by those who have misconstrued the day altogether. If there is authority for Sunday at all, it is to be found in that age of the church that originated it as a holy day. The Continental Sunday, as a church day, is the only true Sunday, and the only one America has. An appeal to authentic his-tory proves this true. 2. The sacredness of the American Sunday, about which so much has been said, is a myth. A few of the old Puritan stock in New England kept the day strictly; 'so do many on the Conti-nent of Europe; but the great majority even of church members who have come under the writer's observation, use it in any way but sacred. There may not be as much public so-called desecration here as on the continent of Europe, but there is as much private. Men cease from the out-door labor of the other days, but they labor otherwise. In the country districts, where the purest morality is suppo ed to exist, this is the case. The farmer uses that day "doing chores," calculating his work, "figuring" up his accounts, roaming over his fields, planning his work for the future. A few go to church part of the day, and sleep the remainder, perhaps; many others spend the day in reading newspapers and novels, visiting friends, picking berries, fishing, or in fun and frolic. And the good housewife puts forth her best energy of the day in the preparation of a meal which will satisfy the gormandizing instincts of her varied household. And in time of haying or harvest it is not an uncommon thing in threatening weather to find first-day religionists in the field, gathering the hay or grain. In the maple-sugar season, Sunday-sacredness must be suspended if there comes a good run of sap. It is so as regards other crops and industries in other localities. Merchants and tradesmen may often be found at their places of business a part of the day. And Jew peddlers, who keep no day, have assured the writer that Sunday is the day in which they gener-ally make their purchases from the first-day mer-chants, and rarely indeed are they refused. This picture is not overdrawn. We can ap-peal to honest Americans everywhere if it be not true. Of course there are exceptions, but they are the exceptions, not the rule. Then why so exalt the American Sunday? What better is it then the Continental? True we do not have the beer gardens of Germany in our rural districts,  for they are not so thickly populated ; neither has the driving American time, nor do his tastes run in that direction. What he does is, however, more wearing than what the German or French-man may do. Then why the "American Sunday" ? It bears a falsehood on the face of it ; it is used to appeal to a national prejudice which has no foundation in fact, and the uses that is made of it is unworthy of men, not to say Christians, Reformers (?) though they be. M. C. W. A Theological Sanitary Arrangement. DIE preachers who are striving so zealously for the passage of National and State Sunday laws, very frequently assure us that they have no thought of making men religious ; that all they want is "a sanitary arrangement," " a police reg-ulation," etc. If they continue their attempts to substitute civil laws for the preaching of the gos-pel, we shall have no difficulty in believing that the last thing in their thoughts is the making of men religious. But while we readily believe that they are losing their desire to make men really religious, we cannot absolve them from the charge of wishing to make men outwardly act as though they were religious. To show our reason for this, we will cite a case in point. At the recent Sunday-law meeting in Oakland, Doctor Dwinelle was very careful to state that they did not want to make men religious. All they wanted, he said, was a sanitary arrangement, a police regulation. Yet in his speech and in his prayer he stated that they wanted the Sunday to be not simply a day of physical rest, but one of spiritual upbuilding. Doctor Briggs spent nearly all his time in trying to make the audience believe that Sunday is the true Sabbath of the Bible; and the appeal of the Woman's Christian Tem-perance Union is for a Sabbath law that will be in harmony with the fourth commandment. Now the question arises, If it is only a police regulation, a sanitary arrangement, that they are after, why refer to the Bible so much ? and why make such labored efforts to show that the Sun-day is the Sabbath of the Bible? Is it customary to preach sermons and read theological essays, when it is desired to improve the sanitary condi-tion of the city? We never knew of any such ado over a city ordinance, such as prohibiting peddlers from vending their wares without a li-cense, or draining the stagnant water from a cess-pool. What a peculiar sanitary arrangement.' they wantŠone the necessity for which has thus far escaped the notice of every Board of Health in the United States. Dear reverend gentlemen, you will have to drop your theological argument entirely before we can give any credit to your pretensions of desiring only a sanitary arrange-ment. Ł Is his speech at the Pittsburg National Re-form Convention, the Rev. I. N. Hays said: " We are practically a Christian Nation without Christ." How such a thing as that can be practical, we are not informed. But that is the only sort Of Christian Nation we shall ever have. True, so-called National Reformers may succeed in put-ting the name of Christ in the Constitution, but that will affect the case no more, practically, than putting the name of Christ into a spelling book would make a boy religious. Again he said : "It is no less our duty than our privilege, to bring the crown royal and place it on the head of King Jesus." It is, in fact, nail- 