298 AMERICAN SENTINEL. door but the church door. He then discussed the various games prohibited, saying that in this respect the bill.was both arbitrary and invidious. He hoped the government would not forfeit the confidence of the people which they now enjoy, by passing such an act." This is how the workingmen of Winnipeg feel on the subject of Sunday legislation. They do not want it. As their representative statedŠand this is true of the work-ingmen everywhereŠthey are able to make a "good out-cry" for what they do want; and this has never been made by them anywhere in behalf of compulsory Sunday observance. What sentiment has been expressed by them in favor of such legg3lation has been worked up by dint of much exertion on the part of religious zealots. The workingmen do not want more restriction; they want liberty. •IP- Ł Lawfulness of the Inquisition. 1N the Nineteenth Century, for March, Mr. W. S. Lilly states some interesting facts concerning the nature and workings of that infamous institution, the Inquisition. It appears that the Inquisition was conducted strictly according to law, and its proceedings were basedŠin the minds of its defendersŠupon the principles of sound rea-son. The author quotes as his chief authority on the subject the writings of a Dominican monk, Father Elisha Masini, published at Rome and Bologna in 1716, with authorization of the church. This writer's object was to magnify "the divine, the heavenly occupation" of the Inquisitor; and among those of this class he enumerates "Almighty God," David, Christ, St. John, John the Bap-tist, and St. Peter. We quote from a summarization of Mr. Lilly's article, by the Literary Digest, of April 30:Š "A trial before the Inquisition was instituted in one of two ways, by denunciation, when some one came before the tribunal as an accuser of another, and by inquisition by the tribunal into the truth of some rumor. The for-mer was the more common way, and Father Masini's `Sacred Arsenal' gives full information on the methods to be pursued, the questions to be asked, the nature of the tortures to be administered, the distinctions between dif-ferent offenses, and the reasons for everything. It even gives a model trial of one Beltramo for blasphemy. The first step is the denunciation and the interrogatories ad-dressed to the one making it. Then comes the summon-ing, one by one, of the witnesses to the blasphemy, and the questions in each case. Then Beltramo, ignorant of the charge against him, each witness having been sworn to secrecy, is summoned. If he denies the charge and makes a defense he is entitled to an advocate, but from the advocate as well as from Beltramo all the facts that might disclose the identity of the denunciator are con-cealed. We quote now from Mr. Lilly's translation from the 'Sacred Arsenal:'Š "`If the accused denies the offenses laid to his charge, and they are not fully proved, and if within the time as-signed him for making his defense he has not stated any-thing in his exculpation, or, having attempted a defense, has not in any way cleared himself from the charge which results against him from the process, it is necessary, in  order to have the truth of it, to subject him to rigorous examination, the torture having been expressly devised to supplement the oral testimony of the witnesses when they can not bring complete proof against the accused. Nor is that at all inconsistent with ecclesiastical mildness and benignity. Even when the proof is legitimate, clear, and, as the phrase is, conclusive in suo genere, the inqui-sitor may, and ought, without in any way incurring blame, to employ it, in order that the accused, confessing their crimes, may be converted to God, and, by means of this chastisement, may save their souls. It would be an unbecoming and unjust thing, repugnant to all laws, hu-man and divine, to subject any one to torments save in a lawful way, and upon evidence; and besides that,. the confession so obtained would be invalid and of no ac-count, even though the accused should persist in it, for we must never begin with torture but with evidence. And even if subsequently evidence should be forthcoming, such confession would not be validated. But since in a matter of so great importance errors may easily be com-mitted, either to the notable prejudice of justice, if crimes remain unpunished, or to the most serious and irrepara-ble loss of the accused, the inquisitor, in order to proceed cautiously, should put before the consultors of the holy office the case for the accusation and for the defense, and be guided by their learned and wise opinionŠalthough they have only a consultative, not a decisive voice. Or, if the matter be grave, let him put it before the sacred and supreme tribunal of the holy and universal Roman Inquisition.' "The most common of the tortures applied in Italy was the strappado. The person tortured had his hands bound behind his back, then by means of a cord attached to the wrists he was elevated to the roof of the chamber and then let fall to within a short distance of the floor. The torture of fire was the exposure of the bare soles, anointed with lard, to fierce heat. The boot and thumb-screws were also employed. Any confession thus obtained had to be ratified afterward, without the torture; but refusal to ratify would subject the witness to renewed torture." Such is a glimpse of the workings of the Romish In-quisition, which continued in force in Italy up to the time of the papal overthrow in 1870. It put no person to the torture "save in a laWful way;" and the fiends who presided over its operations, bearing in mind no doubt its scrupulous regard for the requirements of law and reason, appeared as men pursuing a most honorable and even saintly calling. "Saint" Peter Martyr, who as pres-ident of the Inquisition, "achieved fame as one of the most relentless exterminators of heresy the world has ever seen," was a man of "sweet benignity, of exhaust-less compassion, of wonderful charity." But aŁ devil is never so fully a devil as when he appears as an angel of light. THERE is no tyranny so cruel, no yoke so intolerable, as priestcraft vested with temporal authority.ŠBishop Penner. I. I. Ł 4 4 IF the gospel was of a nature to be propagated or maintained by the power of the world, God would not have entrusted it to fishermen.ŠLuther. 