AMERICAN SENTINEL. 445 , no ordinance, and having fulfilled all the conditions de-manded, has a right to keep open up to the time that the license would have expired. "The case has no parallel in Maine, and is creating widespread interest, as it will determine whether the city fathers can take away a license without showing that the man who has the license has not lived up to the con-tract therein. It also has created a lot of feeling, lo-cally, as the church people agitated the movement, and, acting upon their requests, the city fathers revoked nearly all of the licenses in the city." True to his word, Mr. Shapiro's shop was open on Sunday the 9th, and he was arrested, to be tried on the the 15th inst. The recent activity of the Maine Civic League is com-mented upon at length. We quote only the following facts relative to the work it is designed to accomplish:Š "The Maine Civic League, which was organized some two or three years ago for the purpose of educating pub-lic opinion to a better comprehension of temperance and other allied moral and social reforms, has entered upon an active campaign for the systematic furtherance of its purposes. "The headquarters of the league are in Waterville, and the field secretary, to whom is attached the duty of superintending the work of the league and disseminating its influence throughout the State, is the Rev. W. F. Berry, a former Methodist clergyman in Portland and a man of recognized ability and influence. "The work of the league . . .- will comprehend public education on all civic questions of importance, and it will be its aim to build up a higher grade of citi-zenship and a better comprehension of its duties in every department of political and social life." The following indicates a disinterested determination to be consistent, which is, in itself, quite commendable:Š "Bangor people who have been in the habit of enjoy-ing Sunday at Northport as members of the excursion parties from this city will hereafter have to be content with visiting some other resort. The grounds at North-port are owned by the Methodists, and they held a meet-ing last week and voted not to allow any more excur-sions, either by land or sea, to land there Sundays. Furthermore, the camp ground people have voted that hereafter all ordinary traffic on the grounds on the Lord's day be prohibited." Reader, are you preparing for the issue that is now being prepared for us? Does not even a hasty glance at the events transpiring around us indicate the rapid ap-proach of solemn and stirring events? HOWARD E. OSBORNE. July 12.  ing on the banks of Red River, in Kentucky, was so startling, and seemed so clearly to indicate that it was the result of divine agency or some mysterious force possessed by the preacher, that the news of the occur-rence spread rapidly in all directions throughout that part of the State, and attracted unbounded interest," writes Clifford Howard in the July Ladies' Home Jour-nal. "If it did not Ł t once awaken a responsive relig-ious feeling, it at least excited curiosity, and when it was learned that the McGee brothers were to hold a meeting at Russellville, Kentucky, a newly settled town in Logan County, near the Muddy River, persons from all parts of the adjoining country irrespective of their religious beliefs or church allegiance, prepared to attend. It soon became evident that the four walls of a country meeting-house would not suffice to hold the large num-bers that were making ready to go to Russellville. The problem thus presented was solved by determining to hold the meeting in the open air. Those coming from a distance were prepared to camp; it would be no hard-ship to them to remain out-of-doors. The recent experi-ence at Red River had proved this. It was not expected by those who were coming that the lodging accommo-dations at the village at Russellville would be sufficient by any means. Why, therefore, attempt to house the people? Prepare a camping-ground, and let the meet-ing be a 'camp' meeting. This, then, was the origin of camp-meetings; and the first one held in America was on the banks of the Muddy River, near Russellville, Ken-tucky, in the month of August,1799Šone hundred years ago. Not that religious worship had never before been held in the open air, but the, special feature of camping out and the nature of the services made the camp-meet-ing a distinctive institution, and characterized this particular gathering on Muddy River as the first of its kind." TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write Names Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bang Drat on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. AM 1\T S   1-1:1\TTIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom-promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY First Camp-Meeting in America. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY.      Single Copy, Per Year " SIX months " Three months $1.00. .50. .25 IT WAS RELD AT RUSSELLVILLE, KENTUCKY, A CENTURY AGO. "THE effect of the McGee brothers' preachingŠespe- ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, cially of John McGeeŠat a Presbyterian quarterly meet- 39 Bond St., New York. 