SO Ł THE ANIERICAN SENTINEL. T12e ocirr2erical? SentNel. OAKLAND, CAL., OCTOBER, 1886. SAYS Rev. C. E. Walker in the Christian Na-tion "As a nation we have suffered judgments, and will suffer yet more, far more, unless the people return to God as directed by the National Reform Association." We are to understand then, we suppose, that in the matter of the Nation's returning to God, the sole direction is committed to the National Reform Association. For our part we choose to follow the directions of the word of God. ' Enemies of Religious Liberty. PRESIDENT BRUNOT says that the sixth article of the Constitution, which declares that "No religious test shall ever be required as a qualifi-cation to any office or public trust under the United States," and the First Amendment to the Constitution, which provides that "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof," are " essential to the preservation of religious liberty, and with it, an effective guard against a union of Church and State.' " Now the National Reform party proposes to change Article Six of the Constitution so that a religious test shall be required not only as a qualification to office or public trust, but to citi-zenship as well. That party likewise proposes to change the First Amendment to the Consti-tution so that Congress shall make laws respect-ing an establishment of religion, and prohibiting the free exercise thereof. Therefore the Na-tional Reformers in. working for the destruction' of that which is an effective guard against a union of Church and State, show themselves in favor of a union of Church and State; and in working for the destruction of that which is es-sential to the preservation of religious liberty, they show themselves the enemies of religious liberty. "Reformed" Political Methods. THE National Reformers claim that the pas-sage of the religious amendment will thoroughly reform polities; indeed, some have gone so far as to claim that its enforcement would solve the problem of how to reach the masses with the gospel, for at the polls every voter' would learn of it. Accordingly we anxiously look for the indications of reform, and the first' thing that comes to our notice is that in a convention recently held in Mattoon, Ill., to secure the passage of a Sunday law, one minister stated that he could "control" 700 votes, and two other ministers stated that they could each " control " 300 votes. We conclude that the man who is able to " control " the most votes will be accounted the most successful minister of the " gospel." If they can only imbue some New York politicians with National Reform ideas, what zealous evangelists they would make! Their experience in ward politics would prove such an aid to them in this new method of preaching the gospel, since they so well know how to "control" votes. This is the kind of  "reform " that "National Reform " will give. In any unholy alliance the union takes the character of the baser party. When the churah adopts the methods of the world, it must nec-essarily become like the world. This "reform" is a backward one. The world reforms the church according to its own model. "Can a man take fire in his bosom, and his clothes not be burned ? Can one go upon hot coals, and his feet not be burned?" Recognition of Christianity Demanded. UNDER the above heading the Watchman (Baptist) of Boston, gives the following report of a National Reform meeting at Saratoga:Š "In spite of the hard rain on Monday even-ing, August 16, a large meeting was held at the First Presbyterian Church at Saratoga, N. Y., in the interest of the National Reform As-sociation, the purpose of which is to extend the Christian features in our Government, and par-ticularly to introduce the name of God and of Christ into the Constitution of the United States. Rev. W. R. Terrett, of Saratoga Springs, presided, and the vice-presidents included Rev. Drs. Herrick Johnson of Chicago; B. L. Ag-new of Philadelphia, and other distinguished clergymen and laymen from all parts of the country. Addresses were made by Miss Fran-ces E. Willard, president of the National Wom-en's Christian Temperance Union, and Rev. Dr. J. P. Stevenson, of New Jersey. A letter was also read from Rev. Joseph Cook, expressing his strong sympathy with the movement, and quoting a passage from Daniel Webster's great argument in the Stephen Girard will case, in which he said that Christianity was a part of the common law of the land." An Epistle "in Love." IN an article on another page of this paper, we have given some facts in relation to the way in which American citizens are treated in the State of Arkansas, when they choose to keep Saturday as the Sabbath. Much the same thing has been repeated in Tennessee, and as the fol-lowing will show, certain persons in Alabama, are anxious that that State shall follow suit. There are some Seventh-day Baptists down there, who properly enough go quietly about their own business on Sunday after having kept what they conscientiously believe to be the Sab-bath. This has stirred up a certain "Professor T. E. Hudson," to write to the Pick and Shovel, a weekly paper published at Attalla, Alabama. From Mr. Hudson's contribution we clip the following:Š "Remember you are guilty when you furnish land, stock, and work to a people who habit-ually violate this sacred day. If they conscien-tiously believe Saturday to be the day of rest, let them go where that day is observed. If they cannot conform to the decision of the large majority of this Christian people, I ask, in the name of all that is sacred and good, shall we conform to the wicked decision of this hopeless few ? " And then to this exhibition of Christian char-ity (?) he has the exceeding abundant grace to subscribe himself " ln love." But then we re- member that it was entirely "in love" to their souls that for ages the 'Inquisition tormented men to death. The Editor of the Pick and Shovel heartily in-dorses the very loving " Professor " as follows:Š " Prof. T. E. Hudson, in the above article, expresses our sentiments in regard to giving employment to the two or three Sabbath-break-ers in our community. The men who rent them land or give them other employment, and allow them to do that work on Sunday are in a meas-ure responsible to God.ŠEDITOR." And all this because " two or three " men in a large community, choose to conscientiously disagree with the majority in a matter entirely religious, and in which they infringe upon no civil right whatever. If there is any one who thinks the spirit of Romanism and the Inquisi- tion is dead, they would do well to look into the current ProtestantŁ literature on the Sunday question. Study the Constitution. A SHORT time ago the Young Men's Chris-tian Association held a reception at their hall in San Francisco. Judge Sawyer of the United States Circuit Court " made a few introductory remarks in which he endeavored to impress upon the Bible students the necessity of study-ing the political creed of their country as summed up in the Constitution of the United States." Now Judge Sawyer is one of the vice-presi-dents of the National Reform Association, whose purpose it is to obtain such an amendment to the Constitution of the United States as shall declare that this is a Christian nation, and which will place all Christian laws, institutions, and usages in our Government upon an unde-niable legal basis in this charter of our Gov-ernment, and to introduce "into the body of the Constitution such changes with respect to the oath of office and all other matters as may be necessary to give effect to this amendment." Whether or not Judge Sawyer desired to im-press upon his audience the necessity of study ing the Constitution as it now is, fbr the purpose of discovering wherein it will have to be changed to conform to the National Reform idea which he supports, we cannot say. But if, as that party declares, our Constitution is athe-istical and only represents the atheistical idea in government, it would scarcely be apprepriate or consistent for Christians and Bible students to study it with any other end in view. We, too, would impress upon the people in this Na-tion the necessity of studying the practical creed of our country as summed up in the Con-stitution as it is, so far as religion is concerned. And we would also impress upon them the ne-cessity of studying it with especial reference to the subversive doctrines of the National Reform party of which Judge Sawyer is an officer. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE MONTHLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. TD3RMS. SINGLE COPY, per year, SO cents. To foreign countries,- single subscriptions, post- paid    Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro Street, Oakland, Cal. 