AMET?/CAN SENTINEL. 341 sive of civil order and destructive of the most obvious natural human rights. We learn from Gen. 12: 18, 19, that over nineteen hundred years before Christ and almost five hundred years before the giv-ing of the law on Mount Sinai, the king of Egypt recognized the right of Abra-ham to his own wife. And according to Miss Amelia B. Edwards, and George Rawlinson, both noted Egyptologists, the ancient Egyptians had a social code little behind our own. This does not detract in the least from the law of God as re-vealed in the Scriptures; it only shows the wisdom of the Creator in implanting in man such a sense of justice as would make existence not only possible but also enjoyable, to a certain extent, even under the darkness of heathenism. That eminent moral philosopher and Christian, John Locke, thus sets forth this principle in defending the perpetuity of the marriage relation:Š The end of conjunction between male and fe-male, being not barely procreation, but the contin-uation of the species, this conjunction betwixt male and female ought to last, even after procre-ation, so long as is necessary to the support and nourishment of the young ones, who are to be sus-tained by those who got them, till they are able to shift for themselves. . . . Wherein one can not but admire the wisdom of the great Creator, who having given to matt foresight, and an ability to lay up for the future, as well as to supply pres-ent necessity, hath made it necessary, that the so-ciety of man and wife should be more lasting than of male and female amongst other creatures. The principles thus applied to marriage by Locke, are equally true of all natural social relations; they are indicated by, and the rules that should govern them may readily be deduced from, the very nature of the relations themselves. We are not dependent upon revelation for a knowl-edge of the mutual obligations resting upon intelligent, social beings; for the Creator has written the laws that should govern human intercourse in the great book of nature, as well as in the volume of his revealed will. This truth is recog-nized in the Declaration of Independence, in the words : " We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, and that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights, that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." The principles of God's moral law are not self-evident. It is true that they appeal to man's better na-ture when brought home to his conscience by the divine Spirit, but it is nevertheless true that man can not " by searching find out God." It is, therefore, upon the law revealed in nature, and not upon the law revealed in holy writ, that all just civil laws are based. It is obvious from the principles stated that God could never commit to man the administration of His written law. That law being spiritual is vastly more than a civil code; it is a moral law; and God as the only moral Governor must administer it himself or else abdicate his throne. For if it were the province of the State to in-terpret and administer the law of God, the subject of that law would ask, not, What does God require ? but, What does the State require ? Not, What does the law of God say ? but, What does the State say about the law of God ? Thus, man's thought and loyalty would be diverted from God to his vicegerent, the State. And not only would men seek merely to know the will of the State, caring little whether or not it was also the will of God, but the State being the divinely ordained interpreter and administrator of the di- vine law, God himself would be bound by the action of the State. That which the State prohibited would be sin; and that which it permitted would be virtue, regardless of the real purpose of the di- vine Lawgiver. For it is not supposable that God would clothe the State with au-thority to define and enforce his law and yet hold the subject responsible for the errors of the State. But that mistakes are made when the State attempts to define the divine law is admitted. The Patriot says :Š We have no laws which are not based directly or remotely on the Bible. Some of them are bad laws; because our exegesis is bad, and they do not truly represent the teachings of the Bible. And yet men must be governed by such laws under civil penalties.even when they believe that they are contrary to the law of God, and when to obey them is to vio-late their conscientious convictions of duty toward God ! Does any man in his sober senses believe that God ever ordained such a system ? Does it not the rather bear the impress of " that man of sin, the son of perdition, who opposeth and ex-alteth himself above all that is called God, or that is worshiped; so that he as God sitteth in the temple of God, showing him- self that he is God" ? C. P. B. Newspaper Comments on Persecu- tions in Tennessee. REFERRING to the recent trials and im-prisonments of members of the Seventh-day Adventist Church in Tennessee for working on Sunday, the Baltimore Sun, under the head, " Are There Blue Laws in Tennessee ?" says :Š A story comes from Tennessee which recalls the old times in Massachusetts when people had their ears cut off, and were branded with hot irons, to promote the cause of religion. . . . To put the brand of a felon upon good citizens merely for obeying their consciences by observing the Sab-bath of the Old Testament and engaging in an occupation in a remote field on Sunday, seems to bring back the old days of witch-burning and branding for heresy. The Des Moines weekly News., of Octo-ber 4, comments upon the same as fol- lows :Š A shameful outrage was recently committed at Paris, Henry County, Tenn., in the trial and pun-ishment of four Seventh-day Adventists for per-forming ordinary farm labor on Sunday, after having observed the seventh day as the Sabbath. After lying in jail over six weeks, three of these Christian men were, on Monday, July 18, marched through the streets in company with some crim-inals, and put to work shoveling on the common highway. All three were men of families, one fifty-five and another sixty-two years of age, and all are vouched for as good citizens. Tennessee ought to make haste to make such outrages legally impossible. The New York Independent of October 6, thus expresses itself We have again and again, during the last few years, had occasion to express our profound indig-nation at the administration of Tennessee law as applied to some country farmers belonging to the Seventh-day Adventist body, who, after having faithfully kept the Sabbath on the seventh day of the week, worked in their field on the first day of the week. This prosecution has been renewed, and three men of families, one fifty-five and another sixty-two years of age, were convicted, and have, during the summer and autumn, been working out their fine, being set to work with criminals at shoveling on the common highway. They refused to pay their fine, declaring that it was unjust, and that they were liable to be arrested again as soon as they were released. We have said before, and we say again, that this is bad law, bad morals and bad religion. The Chattanooga (Tenn.) Times, of October 9, prints the article in the Balti-more Sun from which we have above  quoted, styling it " a scathing arraign-ment of the authorities in our West Ten-nessee counties, for persecuting good citizens of those communities for working in their fields on Sunday." Continuing, the editor of the Times says The citizens in question are Seventh-day Advent-ists, a church that observes Saturday as its Sab-bath, and, when able to do so quietly and so as not to disturb their Sunday-keeping neighbors, work on that day at their usual vocations. The men who were arrested, fined and imprisoned in the cases noticed by the Sun, were found to have worked in fields remote from the highway on the first day of the week. The State's Attorney, who prosecuted them told the jury the defendants were good, orderly, thrifty citizens ; that their records for morality were above reproach ; that they had been guilty of no offense save the violation of a mouldy statute, which clearlf meddles with cit-izens' religious convictions and practices; that they had only labored when they thought it their duty to labor, but that they had nevertheless violated the law; and on this admission of theirs he de-manded their punishment. They were, as we have said, fined and flung into a dirty jail, the detention station of vile offenders, where they served out their sentence. One amiable old man, an Adventist, a farmer named King, for a like " offense," was fined, jailed, pursued and worried by the pious attorneys and immaculate courts of West Tennessee, until he sickened and died; and his persecutors testified, with one voice, that Mr. King was a good man, and in all, save his working on Sunday, a law-abiding citizen of the most scru-pulous kind. Ought not this absurd, injurious, disgraceful law to be repealed ? We think it ought. . . . The Seventh-day Adventist is a considerable and growing religious denomination over the country. It has many intelligent and progressive adherents in this State, Hon. W. P. Tolley being of the num-ber. It has built, and for many years conducted, a great school at Battle Creek, Mich., and owns and conducts at the same place one of the most success-ful sanitariums in the country, and one of the largest. It has two similar institutions in north-western States. Its directing body desires to build institutions of this kind in the South. One of its prominent ministers and other members of the church, have hoped they might be justified in rec-ommending to the church the founding of a college and sanitarium on Lookout Mountain, near this city ; but the miserable persecution of their breth-ren in West Tennessee has given them pause. The State will probably lose this large investment, since its courts, in one grand division, and prose-cuting officers, have displayed toward their fellow-citizens of Adventist faith the spirit that brought into being and kept alive the Spanish Inquisition. We allow the railroads to haul tens of thousands of tons over the State on Sundays every year. Passenger trains run regularly on Sunday, so do our local trains of transport, and the latter do their best and most profitable day's work on Sunday. Hacks are busy on the first day of the week in all the towns. Our wives or servants do rather more cooking on that day than on any other. The news-papers find it the most profitable day of publica-tion. All these are secular affairs ; and yet we permit a lot of bigots to haul up and punish in-offensive Christians, because they feel they can not afford to be idle two days, and their con-science demands that they devote the seventh day to the worship of God. Repeal this miserable relic of the Blue Laws, that we inherited from North Carolina, on whom it was imposed by bigots of the last century. The Chicago Herald of Oct. 15, says :Š It seems as if a deep laid scheme were entered into to crush the Adventists. Champions of Sunday Laws but Violators of Other Statutes. PERHAPS there is no class of individ-uals who spend more of their energies dwelling upon the importance of obeying the laws than the representatives of the several organizations that have sprung into existence in the last few years for the purpose of enforcing Sunday laws. A favorite argument with these people is that these Sunday laws should be enforced because it is subversive of good govern-ment to allow statutes so plain as the Sunday laws in most of our States, to be trampled upon with impunity. They in- 