136 THE .AMERICAN SENTINEL, Vol. 4, No. 17. P12e An2eFicai2 3er2tirrl. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, MAY 22, 1889. NOTE.ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that lie will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. THE American Sabbath Union has already ap-pointed 'a vice-president of the society for Okla-homa. The appointee is Rev. B. C. Swartz, a Methodist. THE officers of the National Reform Associa-tion for the coming year are the same as last year, with the addition of I. N. Hays, of Alle-gheny, Penn., as' district secretary. We are glad if the association has ceased to elect dead men to office. ON the walls of the room in which the recent National Reform Convention assembled were the following mottoes: "Righteousness Exalteth a Nation;" "The Bible in the Schools;" "A Scriptural Divorce for the Nation;" "The Sab-bath-Rest Bill ;" "The Blair School Amend-ment;" "Remember the Sabbath to Keep It Holy;" "Christ the King of Nations." Ł WE do not know which to be amused at the mostŠthe audacious presumption of a man like Col. Elliott F. Shepard giving instruction on the Sabbath question to a body of Baptist ministers, lecturing them on the meaning and force of the fourth commandment, or the docility with which the reverend doctors of divinity listened to the law as laid down by this new convert. Is it true, as sporting men say, that "money talks"? A RECENT number of the Christian Instructor (Reformed Presbyterian) contained the following, which the Cynosure thought good enough to re- print without comment "A Hungarian applied to be naturalized at the Court of Common Pleas in this city last week. The court officer asked him if he swore or affirmed. He replied that he did neither. He was asked if he did not believe in a God, and he answered that he did not believe in a deity of any kind. Judge Arnold promptly told him that he could not be naturalized, as he could not take an oath of allegiance, and added, ' We do not want any more infidels in this country. There are enough in it as it is.' The applicant left the court discomfited. Of course the secularists will protest against this action, but all good and true citi-zens will applaud it." This is National Reform with a vengeance. If they do such things now, what will they not do when they get the Constitution fixed to suit them ? They have already declared that the success of their movement would "disfranchise every logically consistent infidel," and it must be that their movement has nearly succeeded. Of course if the man would not declare allegiance to the United States Government, he could not be- come a citizen of the United States; but for the judge to refuse to admit him to citizenship be- cause he was an infidel,was a most unwarranted as- sumption of authority. We should like to know how far we shall ,be from having a union of Church and State when a man must pass the same test to become a citizen that he would have to pass to become a church-member. We make no plea for infidelity; it is unreason- able and absurd, to say nothing more. But we do snake a plea for individual rights. A man is a man, no matter what his belief; and a Chris-tian is entitled to no more right as a man than is an infidel. We want no self-constituted infallible popes in this country, who will make every man's liberty depend upon his acquiescence to their opinions. THE Union Signal of April 25 speaks of the National Reform Convention, then in session at Pittsburg, as a "convention which, in the impor-tance of themes discussed, is second to none that has met within the decade." It says that " it convenes in response to the call of the National Reform Association for a conference on the Chris-tian principles of civil government." This shows that the organ of the Woman's Christian Temper-ance Union is fully committed to the cause of so-called National Reform. COMMENTING on Colonel Elliott F. Shepard's wild flights into the domain of theology, since he became head of the Sunday crusade, and of his reckless assertions, which are due both to his zeal as a young convert, and to his utter ignorance of the Bible and church history, the Sabbath Recorder well says :Š " The new field of theology which the Mail and Express has lately entered, demands an amount of accu, racy and carefulness in statement to which the aver-age daily newspaper is somewhat a stranger. If Col-onel Shepard is to become ' a pastor of pastors,' and ' a brilliant reformer,' as the New York dailies` assert, it will be well for him to read up a little on church history, and to recognize the truth that, as a rule, it is best to give a fair amount of facts when dealing with history, and especially with New Testament history. A little leisure for the study of the New Testament would be an excellent recreation for the Mail and Ex-press." WE give herewith the program of the Quar-ter-Centennial National Reform Convention, held in Pittsburg April 23-25. We have received verbatim reports of the principal speeches, but too late for review in this number. In future num-bers, beginning with next week's SENTINEL, we shall review them at length, but this will enable the reader to form an idea of the scope of the con-ference:Š FIRST SESSION, TUESDAY, 23D, 7:30 P. M.ŠJohn Alex-ander, Chairman. Remarks by John Alexander, Esq., of Philadelphia, first President of National Reform As-sociation. Memorial Oration, " Twenty-five Years of the Na-tional Reform Movement." By the Rev. T. P. Stev-enson, D. D., of Philadelphia, Corresponding Secretary. " The Purity and Stability of the Government in Relation to the Progress of Christianity." By the Rev. I. N. Hays, D. D., of Allegheny, Pa. SECOND SESSION, WEDNESDAY, 24111, 9 A. m.ŠSamuel Collins, Chairman. " The Nation's Responsibility for Her Immigrant Population." By the Rev. James Morrow, D. D., Secretary of the Pennsylvania Bible Society. " The Oath and Its Abuses; or, Profanity a National Evil." By H. McAllister. " The Labor Problem from a Christian Point of View." By the Rev. Chas. A. Blanchard, President of Wheaton College, Wheaton, Illinois. Resolutions. Discussion. THIRD SESSION, WEDNESDAY, 24TH, 2:30 P. M.ŠChas. A. Blanchard, Chairman. "Popular Objections to Na-tional Reform." By the Rev. Prof. Aaron Ritten-house, D. D., Professor of English History and Litera-ture, Dickinson College, Pa. " The State and the Family." By the Rev. Geo. K. Morris, D. D., Philadelphia. " Peace and Arbitration." By Mrs. Mary A. Wood-bridge, Secretary of the World's W. C. T. U. Resolutions. Discussion. FOURTH SESSION, WEDNESDAY, 24T11, 7:30 P. M.ŠMrs. Woodbridge, Chairman. The Sabbath Question: " Liberty and the Sabbath." By the Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts, D. D., Field Secretary of the American Sabbath Union. " The Sabbath and How to Maintain It." By Mrs. Josephine C. Bateham, Superintendent of Sabbath Observance for the National W. C. T. U. 4  " Our Sabbath Laws." By the Rev. S. F. Scovel, D. D., President of Wooster University. Resolutions. Discussion. FIFTH SESSION, THURSDAY, 25rn, 9 A. McNarey, Chairman. The School Question and Other Practical Issues : " The Romish Assault on the Common Schools:" By the Rev. D. McFall, Boston. " The Secular Theory of Education." By the Rev. D. McAllister, D. D., LL.D., Pittsburg, Pa. " The Chinese Question." By the Rev. S. L. Bald-win, D. D., Secretary of the Methodist Episcopal Mis-sionary Society, New York. Resolutions. Discussion. SIXTH SESSION, THURSDAY, 25TH, 2:30 P. M.ŠMrs. Swift, Chairman. The Prohibition of the Liquor Iraffic : Address. Theme : " Does the Buzz-Saw, Saw ? " By the Rev. Geo. P. Hays, D. D., LL.D., Kansas City, Mo. Address. Mrs. Mary A. Woodbridge, Secretary W. C. T. U., not present at the time called for. Resolutions. Discussion. SEVENTH SESSION, THURSDAY, 25T11, 7:30 P. M.Š" Pro-hibition NotesŠStaccato." By the Rev. Herrick Johnson, D. D., LL.D., Chicago, Illinois. " Christian Government and Foreign Missions." With discussion of the liquor traffic in its bearing on foreign peoples. By the Rev. Arthur T. Pierson, D. D., Philadelphia. Sunday-Law Methods in Michigan: IN a recent mass-meeting held in Allegan, Mich., called by the ministers of the place in the interests of the Blair Sunday bill, the peti-tions circulated for signatures consisted simply of blank paper. The people were urged to sign the "petition," being assured that after they had done so, the slips would be collected, pasted to-gether, and the " appropriate heading" affixed to them. No explanation was made as to how the petition was to read ; whether the undersigned were "adult residents of the United States, twenty-one years of age or more," or not. Conse-quently, children were allowed to sign the spot-less and wordless document. At this juncture, some five or six speeches having been made by various divines, attorneys, and merchants, a law-yer arose in the audience, and, after remarking that there had been considerable complaint as to the methods employed by this side in obtaining signatures, etc., said he had signed the other peti-tion, and would like two minutes to state why he did so, upon which the chairman very promptly informed him that they did not care to hear him. Such are some of the blind methods of promoting the Sunday cause, and such a sample of the free-dom of speech allowed under a Government ruled by the church.ŠW. A. C., in Review and Herald. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL., AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so fsr as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. R will ever be uncompromisinglyopposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - - $1.00 In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, - 75c. To foreign couuKcs, single subscription, post-paid, - Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 3.0%t OWN Otj  9ALIAAPAZ4.4 