THE .A.IVIERICAN SENTINEL. 351 From the foregoing it is evident that the plan of the National Reform Association is to unite the Church and the State; and, by law, enforce upon all citizens their view of the rites of the Christian Church, whether the citizens choose to be Chris-tians or not: while the Religious Liberty Asso-ciaton holds that the Church and the State should be kept forever separate, and that all who conduct themselves as good citizens are accountable alone to God for their religious faith, and should be pro-tected in their civil right to worship or not to wor-ship according to the dictates of their own con-sciences. And further, that the religion of Christ is, in its very nature, voluntary, and can never be advanced by any outside pressure of human laws compelling religious observances. Inasmuch as both these associations claim to be laboring to advance the Christian religion,' as well as the best interests of the civil Government, two tests may be applied by which to try the justness of the claim of each that the principles it advocates are right. First: What has been the result, as shown by the history of the past, of a practical application of the same principles? Second: What does the Bible, which is the au- thority upon which the Christian religion rests, teach on the subject? In applying the first test to the principles taught by the National Reform Association, we find an exact parallel by going back to the days of St. Au-gustine, under the reign of the Papacy. He wrote as follows:Š It is, indeed, better that men should be brought to serve God by instruction than by fear of punish-ment, or by pain. But because the former means are better, the latter must not therefore be neg-lected. . . . Many must often be brought back to their Lord, like wicked servants, by the rod of tem-poral suffering, before they attain to the highest grade of religious development.Š Schaff's Church _History, Vol. II., Sec. 27. Commenting on this theory, Neander truthfully says:Š It was by Augustine, then, that a theory was proposed and founded, which . . . contained the germ of that whole system of spiritual despotism, of intolerance and persecution, which ended in the tribunals of the Inquisition.ŠChurch History, page .217. And further, Neander remarks that " in this way the Church received help from the State for the furtherance of her ends." The logical result of a practical application of the principles of the National Reform Association is thus shown by the history of the past to produce the worst kind of religious intolerance and perse-cution, and to work disastrously alike to the best interests of both the Church and the State. Like causes, under the same conditions, always produce like results. This is a law of universal ap- plication. Hence, as the hearts of men are the same to-day as in the days of St. Augustine, and the condition of society now, both in and out of the Church, is largely that of pleasure-seeking more than attending to things divine, the same as then; while the truly pious now, as then, would die rather than conform to the law of the land by renouncing their faith; and as it is the principles that actuate them, and not the name of the organization that may hold the principles, that make men what they are, the conclusion is not only logical but unavoid-able, that the principles advocated by the National Reform Association carried into effect in the nine- teenth century, though it be in America under the name of National Reform, will produce the same results as in the early centuries of Christianity under the name of the Papacy. That these conclusions are not overdrawn, and that Protestants actuated by these principles will persecute those who differ from them in religious belief and oppose their views, is plain to be seen by reading the history of the Protestant Reformation of the sixteenth century, the history of the treat-ment of Baptists and Quakers during colonial times in this country, and the, history of the cases of  Seventh-day Adventists and Seventh-day Baptists who have been arrested and fined during the last five years, in the States of Georgia, Arkansas, and Tennessee, for quietly working on Sunday after they had conscientiously observed Saturday as the Sabbath. One of the latest of these cases is that of Mr. King, of Tennessee, which has just been appealed to the Supreme Court of the United States by the Religious Liberty Association. This is sufficient to show the practical workings of the principles held by the National Reform As-sociation ; and as these principles are also advo-cated by the American Sabbath Union, and the Sabbath Observance Department of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, what has been said above applies with equal force to the work of these organizations. We now look for a parallel in the history of some nation showing the result of a practical application of the principles of the National Religious Liberty Association. The following quotations from the Constitution of the United States show that this parallel is found in our own Government:Š No religious test shall ever be required as a qual-ification to any office or public trust under the United States.ŠArt. 6. Congress shall make no law respecting an estab-lishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exer-cise thereof.Š Art. 1, Amendment. The discerning reader will see' at a glance that the principles embodied in the United States Con-stitution are opposed to a union of Church and State, and declare it to be out of place for Congress to make laws respecting an establishment of relig-ious observances; also, that this is exactly the po-sition taken by the Religious Liberty Association. How has the application of these principles in this Government affected the cause of religion, and what has been the effect upon the State? The ready answer of every American citizen is well expressed in the following forcible statements:Š No nation ever advanced so rapidly in all that constitutes national strength and capital. No nation in so limited a time has developed such unlimited resources. No nation has ever existed, the foundations of whose government were laid so broad and deep in the principles of righteousness and truth. No nation has ever existed in which men have been left so free to worship God according to the dictates of their own consciences. In no nation and in no age of the world have the arts and sciences so flourished, so many improve-ments been made, and so great successes been achieved in the arts of both peace and war, as in our own country during the last fifty years. In no nation and in no age of the world has the gospel found freedom, and the churches of Christ had such liberty to enlarge their borders and de-velop their strength. These facts plainly show the result of the prac-tical application of the principles held by the Re-ligious Liberty Association. The only wonder is, that any one who has tasted the sweets of liberty, both civil and religious, under the grandest form of government ever instituted by man, should ever desire to turn back to the principles of despot-ism, which, with their blight and sorrow, death and desolation, have stained all their past history with blood. The discussion of the second division of this sub- ject must be deferred until next week. R. C. PORTER. Lecture Bureau of the National Re-ligious Liberty Association. THE Lecture Bureau of the National Religious Liberty Association is composed of competent lec-turers in various parts of the United States, and any one desiring lectures upon the subject of re-ligious liberty and the relation of Church and State, may secure a lecturer by corresponding with Allen Moon, the Secretary of the Bureau, 28 College Place, Chicago, Illinois. Sunday at Salem, Massachusetts. AT a meeting of the Congregationalist Club, in Salem, Massachusetts, October 26, the Sunday question was discussed under the heads of "Sun-day Travel," " Sunday in the Home," "Sunday Traffic," "Sunday Rest," "Sunday Reading," and "Sunday Visiting." The reports indicated that there was quite a unanimity of feeling and expres- sion in regard to the necessity of guarding the Sun-day institution and working for its stricter observ-ance. The points, made in a speech that would characterize the whole discussion, are as follows :Š That it is manifest that the present generation is observing the Sabbath far different than was the former custom. A person now does things which he would have condemned years ago. It is God's will that we should rest one day in the week, and the Sabbath is the day appointed. Sunday riding is wrong, unless done for the Lord. Trains, horse cars, etc., all should be run, if in the service of the Lord. The speaker deemed it a blessing to have vehicles with which to convey the aged to church. He wound up his remarks by saying he always voted against Sunday camp-meetings, for which he was applauded vigorously. Sunday bicycle riding he considered the most pernicious habit of all. It is very well to talk in this way in urging those who believe that Sunday should be observed as a religious institution, to so observe it. It is cer-tainly the right and privilege of every one to keep Sunday, if he chooses; and it is his further priv-ilege, undeniably, to proclaim his belief as widely as possible. But when those who have such ideas in regard to the strict observance of Sunday, be-lieve that laws should be made in harmony with their views to compel those who do not believe in Sunday at all, or else are indifferent in regard to it, to thus observe the day, it is altogether out of place. It should ever be. kept before the public mind that legislation looking toward the observ-ance of any religious institution has been the bane of the ages, and the cause of very much of the suf- fering inflicted upon the human race. Let all observe the day who will, but compel no one. The "Civil Sabbath;" or Disguised Re-ligious Legislation. THE foregoing is the title of a new eight page tract just published by the National Religious Lib-erty Association. The idea that we can have a "civil Sabbath," wholly separate from the reli-gious, is advanced with great earnestness in con-nection with the efforts being made to secure Sunday laws. This tract shows that all the intol-erant persecutions of the past have been in the name of the civil power, and in obedience to the laws of the State. It also exposes the fallacy of the oft repeated assertion that man requires one day in seven for his physical rest, and refutes other erroneous theories in connection with the civil Sabbath discussion. The tract is just the thing to be used where the National Reformers and others have been agitating this question, and if it can go in advance of them it is all the better. It should be circulated by thou-sands throughout the whole country. Send orders to any State Tract Society, or to the National Religious Liberty Association, Battle Creek, Michigan. Price thirty-five cents per hun- dred. A. 0. TAIT. REPORTS are continually coming to the office of the Religious Liberty Association in regard to the earnest efforts that are being made in Michigan to render potent the Sunday laws of that State, and also to increase the sentiment favoring such legis-lation. The National Reformers are working hard to redeem what they consider to be lost ground in that portion of their territory. THE tones of the " creative voice of God " were without discord, so all truth harmonizes. 