SAVONA RO LA A graphic ac-count of the life and martyrdom of this wonder-ful preacher of Florence; also a sketch of his times. An in-spiring book for young read-ers, and o n e that will be read again and again. Cloth 6oc.; LIFE ON THE KONGO A comprehensive his-tory of that portion of Africa drained by the Kongo and its tributar-ies, together with nu-merous missionary inci-dents and experiences. 4) The author, Rev. Hol- m a n Bentley, writes from personal observa-tion, and gives much interesting information concerning this much-talked-of country. A series of pamphlets, containing 32o pages and 45 beau-tiful stories for children. Following are some of the titles: "Joe B e n - ton's Coal Y ar d." "This Hand Never Struck Me " o 4) O 4) C 4) 4) o Illustrated, cloth, 6oc. 670 AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1300ks We Can Reccom me rid. A TRUST CA  NATIVE LIFE IN INDIA Contains two g o o d 0 The author, Rev. stories, the first being C of the struggles of a fa- 0 H e n r y Rice, s p e n t rally, the head of which ,.., eighteen years in India, having gone, according w-0 and has written a most to baby Phil, "Away 'cross the big sea, and 0 interesting description perhaps h e' d tumble jf of the social and reli-out of the ship and det T gious characteristics of drowned." The second .3' tells of the faithful ef- forts 0 the Hindus. The book of a boy to sup- • isillustrated with port his sister and wid- 0 twelve native drawings. owed mother. Illustrated, cloth, 6oc. ; Cloth, 6oc. 4) MARTIN LUTHER A most readable story of the life of this greatest reform-er, at home, at the university, as a monk, as a priest, at Rome, at the Diet of Worms, and the closing scenes of his career. Illustrated. Cloth, 6oc. POLITICAL SPEECHES PILGRIM'S PROGRESS Size, 634314% inch-es, 495 Pages, 6 il-lustrations. The story of both Chris-tian and his wife. An attractive edi-tion of this immor-tal classic. Price, 40c. JOHN OF WYCLIFFE JACK THE CONQUEROR The life of this great- C est of "the reformers be- 44 And Other Stories fore the Reformation" is one of intense interest, and is here told in such a way as to inspire the e reader to cultivate his opportunities and econ-  omize his time. AND DEBATES OA  A reproduction of 0 the principal CA  speeches and de- le bates o f Abraham C Composition,"ie  "The 4)  Lincoln during theFirst Lie," "Th years 1854-1861 to., 0 "Tom's Revenge." C Cloth, 6oc. gether with those of At postpaid.  0 Ł THOUGHTS FROM THE c MOUNT OF BLESSING 0 An exposition of the 4)  Sermon on the Mount. his political antago-nist, Stephen A. Douglas. A fascin-ating volume of over 550 large pages. Cloth, $1.75. 4) 41),, would not allow him to go to school. How his ambition was aroused, Vetc. Well illustrated, C cloth, 6oc. GOLDEN GRAINS 4) The first and longest story is that of ten-year-old poverty-stricken Jack Harold. His fa-ther and mother were both dead, and his aunt Wanderer's Prayer," e Tempting Gloves," omplete set for 25c, "The Burnt 4) 43  AMONG THE NORTHERN 4) 4) An account of the expeditions sent in search of the North Pole by the United States and England. It is written in narra-tive style and is in-tensely interesting. Its illustrations are o f northern scenes and incidents, and are very good. Cloth, 6oc. 0 "It can by no means 0 be read with profit at 4) one sitting, but is a book for time of med-itation, as its title in-t? cates." ŠBaptist Union. Ł Contains 209 pages, i8 half-tone engrav- ings, is bound in cloth V at 75c, and half-calf at o $1.00. MAKING HOME HAPPY An entertaining story of how an unhappy e home was made and kept happy, together h with the influence it had over other homes. Ł Contains 203 pages; cloth 5oc. TWO CANNIBAL ARCHIPELAGOES Here John Williams, Rev. G. N. Gordon and wife, J. D. Gordon, and others met death at the hands of the natives. Here dwell the Rubiana people, whose mania is the collection of human heads. Even here, this book informs us,Łthe Gospel has made pro-gress. This is illus-trated by two scenes in one villageŠone as the missionaries found it, the other a cr.,..ts inhab- itants had received Christian.' 6oc. e STORY OF REDF,MY (ION 4) A book well calculatef o show forth the love of Christ, and to dram the reader into a closer connection with Him. Contain 237 pages, 68 engravings, tour of which are three-color half-toms. Cloth, with gilt edges, $1.25. 4) O 4) 4) PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, KASAS CTY, M OAKLANDN ,I CAL.O. 39 Bond'Street, New York City. 