"Equal and Exact Justice to all Men, or Whatever state or 9ersuasion, religious or colitical." VOLUME 8. NEW YORK, JUNE 1, 1893. NUMBER 22. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, ALONZO T. JONES. Ł - - ASSOCIATE EDITORS, / CALVIN P. BOLLMAN. WILLIAM H. MC KEE. THAT the boycott is not only unchris-tian but antichristian will scarcely be dis-puted. This is so patent that the reli-gious papers of the country are saying, " There will be no boycott of the Fair; " but they add, " Christian people will unitedly refuse to patronize it if it is open on Sunday." BUT " what's in a name ?" To boycott means "to combine in rwfusing to give assistance to, or have any kind of deal-ings with." Then if the " Christian people" of the country unitedly refuse to patronize the Fair, in what respect will their action differ from a boycott ? And if the boycott is antichristian, how can such united action on the part of the " Christian people " be otherwise than antichristian ? Or is the boycott antichristian only when used for ordinary worldly purposes ? Does evil become good when done in the service of religion ? Does the Jesuitical motto, " The end justifies the means,." after all express a great moral truth not hitherto discerned by the Protestant world ? GRANT, for the sake of the argument, that it is morally wrong to open the Fair on Sunday, and suppose that by the threat-ened boycott such opening could be pre-vented, would anything be gained for the cause of religion ? The effect of a boy-cott is a fine levied and collected without the intervention of the civil law. But that is only mob law. As well might a mob destroy the property of the Fair by actual violence as to destroy it indirectly by combining to make it unremunerative, and so, practically worthless. Which would be the greater wrong to my neigh-bor, for me to burn his factory, or to sim-ply exert such an influence against him as to make it impossible for him to either operate or sell it ? The civil law might, in fact would, make a difference between  the two kinds of injury, but from a Chris-tian standpoint, from the standpoint of the Golden RuleŠwho can say that one would be any less wicked than the other ? Indeed the more covert method of re-venge would show the greater malice, for the building might be fired in a moment of intense anger, but the ruinous influence could be effective only if of long continu-enceŠthe result of a settled purpose to do an injury, BUT there is yet another count in the indictment against the " Christian " boy-cott on the Fair. Its purpose is declared to be to compel obedience to the law of Congress requiring the closing of the Fair; and yet the boycott is itself illegal. There can be no boycott without conspir-acy; and conspiracy to injure any person or corporation either in person, property, or reputation, has been repeatedly held by the courts to be illegal, and is punishable by severe penalties. So that in resorting to a boycott against the Fair, the " Chris-tian people of the country," and "the law abiding people of the country," the " best people of the country," as they are wont to style themselves, become law-breakers themselves in order to compel obedience to law ! THrs is bad enough, but it is not the worst feature of this antichristian boycott; the law that they demand shall be obeyed was itself secured by a threatened boy-cott of the politicians. The " law abid-ing people of the land " said to the law-makers of the land : " Refuse to pass an act closing the Fair on Sunday and we will combine against you and knife you at the polls. We will see to it that you do not come back here again," etc., etc. Having secured the law unlawfully, by threats and intimidation, is it any wonder that they resort to unlawful means to se-cure its enforcement ? AND what is this institution which is thus supported by boycott ? It is the same that the Papacy sets forth as the badge of its authority to change the law of God, and to command men under sin to observe the ordinances of the Papal Church; it is the mark of the first beast of the thirteenth chapter of Revelation, which the so-called Protestants of Amer- ica propose to force upon all by means of the boycott, described in Rev. 13:161  17, in these words : " And he causeth all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and bond, to receive a mark in their right hand, or on their foreheads. And that no man might buy or sell, save he that hath the mark, or the name of the beast, or the number of his name." B. Is the United States in Prophecy? THE United States, though the youngest of the great nations of the world, occupies a conspicuous place in history; has it also a place in prophecy, which has been de-fined as, " history in advance " ? Many men have thought so. Even in the early part of the eighteenth century, Bishop Berkeley wrote the words so often quoted by Americans, proud of their country :Š Westward the course of empire takes its way. But this is only a portion of that which the Bishop wrote, though the remainder of the stanza is seldom quoted. The en-tire verse reads thus :Š Westward the course of empire takes its way ; The first four acts already past, A fifth shall end the drama with the day; Time's noblest offspring is the last. The first " act " was the kingdom of Babylon, symbolized in the second chapter of Daniel by the golden head of the great image. Said the prophet to the monarch of that proud empire, " Thou art this head of gold "Šnot the king as an individual, but as representing the Babylonian Em-pire; for the prophet adds, " And after thee shall arise another kingdom inferior to thee." The expression, " another king-dom," shows that the kingdom and not the king was represented by the head of gold. The same power is again introduced in the seventh chapter of Daniel under the figure of a lion having eagle's wings. The second " act " was the Medo-Persian EmpireŠthe breast and arms of silverŠwhich overthrew Babylon and became the second of " the four universal empires." In the seventh chapter of Daniel this power is represented by a bear which raised itself up on one side, showing the ascendancy of the Persian element. The third "act," or the third of the so-called universal empiresŠthe thighs of brass,Šwas Greece, which, under Alex-ander, ruled the then known world. The 