Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas .7ziersen. VOLUME 4. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, AUGUST 7 1389. NUMBER 28. `11'12e An2eDiear2 Ber2tNe1. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK; 18 POST ST., SAN FRANCISCO, GAL.; 12Th & CASTRp STS., OAKLAND, CAL. EDITORS, U. 3. WAGGONER, ALONZO T. JONES. Tut object of the American Sabbath Union is thus defined by Rev. W. D. Gray, secretary of one of its auxiliaries, the Missouri Sabbath Union : "I do not believe that governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed, and so the object of this movement is an effort to change that feature of our fundamental law." Ł A WEEKLY day of rest has never been perma-nently secured in any land except on the basis of' religious obligation. Take the religion out; Ł you take the rest out.ŠRev. Wilbur F. Grafts, field secretary of the American Sabbath Union, before the General Assembly of the Knights of Labor, as reported in the Journal of United Labor, November 29, 1888. THE following from an editorial in the Christian Nation, June 15, 1887, we insert exactly as it is. Comment is unnecessary " When the State becomes positively Christian in Constitution, and Christian men are elected to make laws, something like this will be done! A street-car company's charter will be granted con-ditioned upon the running of cars free on the Sabbath for the accommodation of Christian people on errandS of worship, or necessity, and of mercy, even as bridge toll is at present remitted on the Sabbath in some places. To this it will be ob-jected that others than Christians may ride for other than Christian purposes, which is very truer but the sin will be upon their own souls. The company will stiffer no hardship. The men em-ployed will be God's messengers for good, ' and in that day there shall be upon bells of the horses, Holiness unto the Lord." Ł Ł IN 1828-29 Congress was asked to suspend the carrying of the mails upon Sunday, and the committee to which the matter was referred reported adversely to granting the prayer of the petition. One of their reasons was as fol- lows :Š " Extensive religious combinations to effect a political object are, in the opinion of the committee, always danger-ous. This first effort of this kind calls for the estab-tablishment of a principle which, in the opinion of the committee, would lay the foundation for danger-ous innovations upon the spirit of the Constitution, and upon the religious rights of the citizens. If ad-mitted, it may be justly apprehended that the future measures of the Government will be strongly marked, if not eventually controlled, by the same influence. Allrelifi,  ious despotisms commence by combination and influence, and when that influence begins to operate upon the polit-ical institutions of a country, the civil power soon bends under it; and the catastrophe of other nations furnishes an awful warnjng of the consequences." These are true words, but they were no more true when Hon. R. W. Johnston penned them than they are now, nor were they any more applicable to the petition then before Congress than they are to the petitions of the American Sabbath Union and other bodies. That Union is an extensive re-ligious combination to effect a political object, and it is dangerous. Ł e Should Civil Law Forbid Blasphemy? ACCORDING to Judge Cooley's definition, blas-phemy is an attempt to lessen men's reverence, not only for the Deity, but for " the accepted re-ligion" as well. But any man in this wide world has the right to lessen men's reverence for the accepted religion, if he thinks that religion to be wrong. Consequently, that which would be counted blasphemy in this country, would not be counted blasphemy in China; and that which is in the strictest accordance-with the word of God and the faith of Jesus Christ here, is necessarily blasphemy in China, or in Turkey, or in Russia. A man who preaches the gospel of Jesus Christ in 'China commits blasphemy under this definition. He does make a willful attempt to lessen men's reverence for their accepted religion, and for the deities recognized in their religion. He has to do so, if he is ever to get them to believe in Christ and the religion of Christ. He has to bring them to the place where they will have no rever-ence for their deities or for their accepted religion, before they ever can accept the religion of Jesus Christ. Wherever the gospel of Jesus Christ is preached in any heathen country, it is blasphemy under this definition, because its sole object is not only to lessen men's reverence for their deities and for their accepted religion, but to turn them wholly from it. It is so likewise in Russia. Anybody there who speaks against the accepted religion, or against the saints, or their images, is subject to the penalty of blasphemy, which is banishment for life to Siberia. But if blasphemy be a proper subject of legisla-tion by civil government, if it be right for a gov-ernment to make itself the " defender of the faith," then it is perfectly' proper for the laws of China to prohibit under whatever penalty it pleases, the preaching of the gospel of Jesus Christ within the Chinese dominions; because its effect is to lessen men's reverence for the deities recognized by China, and for the accepted religion of the country. And in that case there is no such thing as persecution on account of religion. The only persecutions that have ever been. were because of  men's speaking against the accepted religion. If this principle be correct, then the Roman empire did perfectly right in prohibiting under penalty of death the preaching of the religion of Jesus Christ. Whenever Paul, or any of his brethren, spoke in the Roman empire, they blasphemed, ac-cording to the Roman law. They were held as blasphemers, and were put to death under the very principle of this definition, which is the principle of the American statutes on the subject of blasphemy. The Christians had to tell the Romans that the Roman gods were no gods. And they did it with the express purpose of de-stroying reverence for them and for the accepted religion. Rome put them to death. And I re-peat, if the principle of the American statutes against blasphemy is correct, then Rome did Ł right. To make this clearer, I quote a passage from the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania in defense of this principle, in a decision upon this very sub-ject, which says: "To prohibit -the open, public, and explicit denial of the popular religion of a country, is a necessary measure to preserve the tranquillity of a government." That is precisely what the Roman empire did. Christianity did openly, publicly, and explicitly deny the popular religion of the country. It did it with intent to destroy men's reverence for the deities and the religion of that country. Rome prohibited it ; and upon the principle of the decision of the Su-preme Court of Pennsylvania, which is the prin-ciple of American law on blasphemy, Rome did right, and Christianity was a blaspheming relig-ion. The principle of this decision seems to be that those who represent the popular religion of a country have so hale of the. real virtue of the re-ligion which they profess, that if anybody speaks against it, it is sure to rouse their combativeness to such a degree as to endanger the public tran-quillity. Therefore, in order to keep civil those who represent the popular religion, the State must forbid anybody to deny that religion. This decision of the Supreme Court of Penn-sylvania is one of the grand precedents that have been followed in all the later decisions upon this subject in the younger States; but this decision itself followed one by Chief Justice Kent of the Supreme Court of New York in 1811, in which he embodies the same principles. He defends the right of the State to punish such offenses against what he calls a Christian people, and not equally to punish like offenses against the religion of other people in this country, by the following argument :Š "Nor are we bound by any expression in the Constitution, as some have strangely supposed, either not to punish at all, or to punish indis-criminately the like attacks upon the, religion of Mohammed, or of the Grand Llama, and for this 