S3N111[INTIE1_, VoL. 11, No. 1. NEW YORIt, JANUARY 2, 1896. Pr ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. AT its recent session in Fond du Lac, the Wisconsin Sabbath Association, so-called, adopted resolutions urging all " Christian people" to withhold patronage from Sunday trains and Sunday papers, and to support for office only open and avowed friends of the " Lord's day." THE Cooperative Age, of St. Paul, Minn., noting in its issue of Dec. 19, some of the facts of the persecution of Seventh-day Ad-ventists in Maryland and Tennessee, says: The Constitution of the United States guarantees to every citizen of the country the right to worship God according to the dictates of his own heart. We are beginning to wonder what guarantee' means. " It has come to pass in this free' country that in many States a man who worships God according to the Bible is a criminal. " Is it not about time to curb the fanatics who seek to force others to worship God ac-cording to an intolerant bigot's notion or suf-fer imprisonment as heretics? " THE city of Tacoma, Washington, has passed an ordinance forbidding any barber shops to be open for business on Sunday. A barber named Krech said it seemed curious to him that the barber shops which wanted to close on Sunday had to have an ordinance before they could do it, and announced that he would keep his shop open as usual. He did so and was arrested and convicted. He appealed his case to the higher court, but the Sunday law was sustained. Of course if bar-bers can be rightfully forbidden to do business on Sunday, other tradesmen can be likewise restricted; so it will be in order next for the city to pass an ordinance commanding the closing of all places of business on the first day of the week. Only give the germ con-tained in this barbers' ordinance a chance to grow, and the upas tree of religious legislation will spring up speedily. DECEMBER 6, Representative Morse, of Massachusetts, introduced into the House a bill entitled, " A bill for the protection of the first day of the week, commonly called Sun-day, as a day of rest and, worship in the Dis- trict of Columbia." The text of this bill is as follows :Š Be it enacted by the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Con-gress assembled, that on the first day of the week, known as the Lord's day, set apart by general consent in accordance with divine appointment as a day of rest and worship, it shall be unlawful to perform any labor, except works of necessity and mercy and work by those who religiously observe Saturday, if per- formed in such a way as not to involve or disturb others; also to open places of business or traffic, ex-cept in the case of drug stores for the dispensing of medicines; also to make contracts or transact other commercial business; also to engage in noisy amuse-ments for gain, or entertainments for which admit-tance fees are charged; also to perform any court service, except in connection with arrests of criminals and service of process to prevent fraud. SECTION 2. That the penalty for violating any pro-vision of this Act shall be a fine of not less than $10 for the first offense; for second or subsequent offenses a fine not exceeding $50, and imprisonment for not less than ten nor more than thirty days, and one year's forfeiture of license, if any is held by the offender or his employer. SECTION 3. That this act shall take effect upon its passage. Drs. H. H. George and W. F. Crafts are both working for the passage of this bill. SPEAKING in regard to the principle which is believed to be at stake in the present con-troversy of this country with Great Britain, the New York Sun of Dec. 25 says:Š General Sherman spoke of war as hell; and un-questionably it is an infernal business, with its horrible destruction of life, the cruel physical suffering and mental anguish it causes, and its frightful waste of the fruits of industry. But there is something worse than war and more disastrous, and it is the sacrifice of principle by a nation in order to avert war. But what about the sacrifice of the great principle of religious freedomŠthe very foun-dation principle of our national structureŠwhich is going steadily on month by month, and year by year, as evidenced by such spec-tacles as that of eight honest and conscientious citizens serving in the chain-gang (seen in Tennessee last summer) for no other "crime" than that of setting apart the seventh day of the week, as enjoined by the law of God ? Should there be anything done to preserve this principle ? WE reprint on another page " Father " O'Keefe's letter to certain " Protestant " preachers of Baltimore, in reply to an invita-tion to participate in a meeting in the inter-ests of legal Sunday enforcement. This letter first appeared in the Catholic Mirror, the of-ficial organ of Cardinal Gibbons. This fact, rather than the name of the writer, gives it significance. The reason for republishing this letter is a demand for copies of it which we were not able to supply when it first ap-peared in our columns. " Father " O'Keefe's position as to the cor-rect attitude of the Church toward the civil power and toward civil authority cannot be successfully assailed. Nor have the Baltimore ministers attempted to assail his position. We have no right to question this priest's sincer-ity in the matter, so far as his own practice is concerned, but his letter to these Protestant ministers is a fearful arraignment of the policy which his own church has pursued in every age and in every country. The Roman Cath-olic Church has sought and obtained the aid of the civil power wherever she could, and this is freely admitted in standard Roman Catho-lic publications. A " Catholic Dictionary,"  published in this city by Benziger Bros., " Printers to the Holy Apostolic See," says of the Inquisition :Š The duties and powers of inquisitors are minutely laid down in the canon law, it being always assumed that the civil power will favor or can be compelled to favor, their proceedings. Thus it is laid down that they "have power to constrain all magistrates, even secular magistrates, to cause the statutes against her-etics to be observed," and to require them to swear to do so; also that they can " compel all magistrates and judges to execute their sentences, and these must obey on pain of excommunication ;" also that inqui-sitors in causes of heresy "can use the secular arm," and that " all temporal rulers are bound to obey in-quisitors in causes of faith." Cardinal Gibbons, in "Faith of Our Fathers," page 269, quotes from that eminent Catholic theologian, Becanus, the statement that " re-ligious liberty may be tolerated by a ruler when it would do more harm to the State or to the community to repress it." " This," the cardinal says, " is the true Catholic teach-ing on this point." " Father " O'Keefe very properly and justly arraigns the preachers to whom he writes on the charge of inconsistency in transgressing the fourth commandment, the only Sabbath law in the sacred Scriptures; and they have made no attempt whatever to reply to him upon this point, nor are they likely to do so. But it is in vain that " Father" O'Keefe or any other Roman Catholic, or any number of Roman Catholics pose before the people as advocates of total separation of Church and State, and non-interference in politics; for, as we have seen, it is and always has been the policy of that church to control and use the civil power, wherever possible, to further the interests of "the church." AN index to Volume 10 of the AMERICAN SENTINEL has been printed, and will be sent to any address upon application. Of course it will be of value only to those who have pre-served files of the paper. Bound Volumes. THOSE desiring bound volumes of the SEN-TINEL for 1895, should send in their orders at once. The prices are the same as for-merly: $1.50 in manilla paper, and $2.50 in cloth with leather back and corners. R. T. WOODWARD, 66 Emerald St., Boston, Mass., desires unsoiled copies of the AMERICAN SENTINEL for free distribution in that city. Postage should be fully prepaid. Four copies can be sent for one cent. The rate on such matter is one cent for four ounces or fraction thereof. Nine copies properly wrapped would cost but two cents. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 and under 25 copies to one address, 1 year - 75e " 25 and under 50 " 1 60e  " 50 and under 100 " " " 1 " - 55c " 100 or more 1  64 To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 1 " - ss Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 4B Bon) STAKET, now YORK. 