86 AMERICAN SENTINEL. cinnati platform 'upon which he says he stands, disre-gards a time-honored decision of the Supreme Court, in denying the power of Congress to establish a National Bank. . . . " So far in this controversy I can get no answer at all from Judge Douglas upon these subjects. Not one can I get from him, except that he swells himself up and says, `All of us, who stand by the decision of the Supreme Court are the friends of the Constitution; all you fellows that dare question it in any way, are the enemies of the Con-stitution.' Now, in this very devoted adherence to this decision: in opposition to all the great political leaders whom he has recognized as leaders, in opposition to his former self and history, there is something very marked. "And the manner in which he adheres to it,Šnot as being right upon the merits, as he conceives (because he did not discuss that at all), but as being absolutely oh: ligatory -upon every one, simply because of the source from whence it comes,Šas that which no man Can gain-say, whatever it may be; this is another marked feature of hie adherence to that decision. "It marks it in this respect that it commits him to the next decision whenever it comes, as being as 'obliga-tory as this one, since he does not investigate it, and won't inquire whether this opinion is right or wrong. So he takes the next one without inquiring whether it 'is right, or wrong. He teaches men this doctrine, and in so doing prepares the public mind to take the next decision when it comes, without any inquiry." . AT QUINCY. At -Quincy, Ill., October 13, 1858, Mr. Lincoln said:Š "We oppose the Dred Scott decision in a certain way, upon which I ought perhaps to address you a few words. We do not propose that when Dred Scott has been de-,cided to be a slave by that court, we, as a mob, will decide him td be free. "We do not propose that, when any other one, or one thousand, shall be decided by the court to be slaves, we will in any violent way disturb the rights of property thus settled: but we nevertheless do oppose that decision as a political rule which shall be binding On the voter !to vote for nobody who thinks it wrong; which shall be binding on the members of Congress or the President to favor no measure that does not actually concur with the principles of that decision. " We do not propose to be bound by it as a political rule In that way because we think it lays the.fonndation, not merely of enlarging and spreading out what we con-sider an evil, but it lays the foundation for spreading that evil into the States themselVes. " We propose so resisting it as to have it reversed if we can, and A NEW JUDICIAL RULE ESTABLISHED UPON THIS SUBJECT." To this and Lincoln's position altogether, on this subject, Judge Douglas on the same'occasion replied as-follows:Š "He tells you that he does not like the Dred Scott ,decision. Suppose he does not; how is he going to help himself? He says he will reverse it. How will he reverse it? I know of but one mode of reversing judicial deci-sions, and that is by appealing from the inferior to the "superior court. But I have never yet learned how or where an appeal could be taken from the Supreme Court of the United States ! The Dred Scott decision was pro- nounced by the highest tribunal on earth. From that decision there is no appeal this side of heaven." And to this Lincoln responded:Š ".But he is desirous of knowing how we are going to reverse the Dred Scott decision. Judge Douglas ought to know how. "Did not he and his political friends find a way to re-verse the decision of that same court in favor of the con-stitutionality of the National Bank? Didn't they find a way to do it so, effectually that they have reversed it as completely as any decision ever was reversed, so far as its practical operation, is concerned? "And let me ask yon didn't Judge Douglas find a way .to reverse the decision of our Supreme Court when it de-cided that Carlin's fatherŠOld "GOVernor CarlinŠhad not the constitutional power to remove a Secretary of State? Did he not appeal to the..` mons,' as he calls them? Did he not make speeches in the lobby to show how villainous that decision was, and how it ought to be overthrown? Did he not succeed, too, in getting an act passed by the legislature to have it overthrown? And didn't he him-self sit down on that bench as one 'of the five added judges, who were to overslaugh the four old ones,Šget-ting his name of `Judge' in that way, and no other? If there is a villainy in using disrespect or Making opposi-tion to Supreme Court decisions, I commend it to Judge Douglas's earnest consideration." AT COLUMBUS. At Columbus, Ohio, September 16, 1859, Lincoln spoke the following suggestive words:Š "I wish to say something now in regard to the Dred Scott decision. . . I undertake to give the opinion, at least, that if the Territories attempt by any direct legislation to drive the man with his Slave out of the Ter-ritOrY, 'or to decide that his slave is free because of his being taken .in there, or to tax him to such an extent that he cannot keep 'him there, the Supreme Court will unheSitatingly 'decide all such legislation unconstitu-tiOnal, as long as that Supreme Couit is constructed as the Dred Scott Supreme Court is. . . . "In my judgement :there is no avoiding the result, save that the American people shall see that constitu-tions are better construed than our Constitution is con-strued in that decision: They must take care that it is more faithfully and truly carried out, than it is there ex-pounded." AT CINCINNATI. The very next dayŠSeptember Ł17, 1859Šat Cincin-nati, he also proclaimed the following all-important truth:Š " THE PEOPLE OF THESE UNITED STATES ARE THE RIGHTFUL MASTERS OF BOTH CONGRESSES AND COURTS : NOT TO OVERTHROW THE CONSTITUTION; BUT TO OVERTHROW THE MEN WHO PERVERT THE CONSTITUTION." AT THE NATION'S CAPITOL. At the Capitol of the nation, March 4, 1861, when about to take the oath of office as President of the United States, in his inaugural address, and as the final word in a discussion which brought him to the head-ship of the nation, Lincoln.again stated the principle, as follows:Š 