AMERICAN SENTINEL. 43 escape taxation the false pretense was made of holding the lease in the name of a church. And other testimony showed that the church management was a party to the trick. The case was tried before Justice Pryor, who a short time ago 'refused a certificate of incorporation to a soci-ety whose annual Meetings were to be held the last day of each year, because such meetings would thus some-times fall on Sunday. He did not at once formally decide the case, but said that from what he could remember of it he should say that "Mr. Rockefeller's part has been purely a benevolent one and will receive due recognition before a higher forum than this " ! But Justice Pryor's "forum" decides questions of re-ligion and men's relation thereto; and how can there be a higher forum than that? Yet though he recognizes a higher forum than his, it is, to his mind such a one that he is satisfied that the "benevolence" of a man who re-sorts to a legal trick to show it "will receive due recog-nition" there. We wonder where that forum is. lb -41--4 The Problem of a Weekly Rest. THE religious .and labor federations, the statesmen and theologians, who are laboring over the problem of securing a weekly rest for the toiling masses, are making much ado about nothing. There is no problem involved in the matter at all. There is not *a man on the face of the earth but is now, and has been all his life, supplied with a weekly day of rest. It is given him by none other than the Creator, and by the latter enjoined upon his observance. The only problem that can be connected with it is the problem of doing what the Lord commands. It is true that some peopleŠvery many in factŠmake a great problem of obedience to God. But this is because they do not want to obey Him, and do not obey Him in fact. Obedience itself is a very simple thing. Obedience to God, in just the way that God points out, is one of the simplest things in the world. But when men try to obey God in their own way, at once a problem arises; and so great is that problem that it is altogether beyond solution by any wisdom or power on earth. God cannot be obeyed by any man in man's way. THE LORD'S REST. What God says concerning a weekly rest is that " the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God ; in it thou shalt not do any work." God is the author of the Sabbath; and by resting on the seventh day after six days of work and setting apart that day as a day of rest, He made the week. The Sabbath and the week stand in inseparable-  relation to each other. The very process of making the one, established the other.. The seventh day Sabbath is the seventh day of the week. GOd fixed it there at creation, and no human power can move it from its place. God commandedŠand  still commandsŠevery person to keep it holy; and all that any one has to do in the matter is to do as the Lord directs. But, it is said by many, "I cannot keep the weekly rest day, on my own responsibility, without a great sac-rifice." Possibly that is so. Possibly you would lose your job, and be brought into financial straits. But what of that? If you are ,willing to make a sacrifice to obey God, you can obey Him. You can take the rest day that He gives you, and get all the good from it that can be realized by any person in the world. If you are.  a Christian, you will not deny that it does not hurt any individual to lose his job or be brought into a strait place on account of obedience to God.-  From a Christian point of view, a strait place is not half as bad as a broad place where everything goes smoothly. And if you are not a Christian, you can derive no benefit from the Sabbath, anyway. The Sabbath benefits only those who obey God. It is said that man needs one rest day in each week ; and that is true. If man did not need the Sabbath, the Creator would not have made it. Unremitting toil is not good for the race. No one claims that it is. But the Lord, who made man, knew what kind of a rest man would need, and made the Sabbath to supply that need. The one who takes the Sabbath and keeps it as God has commanded, gets the rest, and the one who does not obey God in this respect, does not get it. Seven days' work in the week, it is loudly asserted, is contrary to God's order. True; and disobedience to one of God's commands is also contrary to God's order. And the one is no more contrary, and no more hurtful, than the other. GOD'S LAW IS ENOUGH. Laws may be passed to enforce the observance of Sunday; the trades unions may adopt regulations to se-cure the workingmen a weekly day of rest; but all such work amounts to nothing, so far as securing benefit to men is concerned. It is wholly unnecessary. Why?ŠBe-cause God himself has legislated on that very point, and his legislation covers the whole ground. No human leg-islation can add anything to the command of God ; and any legislation that is not in harmony with God's com-mand, would much better never have been enacted. No matter what may be the needs of the human race; no matter how eloquently or convincingly the modern " reform " orator may be able to discourse on the evils of unremitting toil, the fact remains that the Creator has taken out of the hands of man all legislation touching a weekly rest, by legislating on the subject himself for every individual on the earth; and that legislation remains in full force to-day. If individuals do not heed it,Šif they work seven days in the week themselves, or try to force their employees to work, the only remedy still lies in obe-dience to God's command. Man cannot legislate on the subject ol'a weekly rest without invading the preroga-tives of God. All men are bound by God's Sabbath law; and when man presumes to make a differentlaw covering the same 