4 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. basis. And this is nothing but to make the Christian religion a matter of legal control. As far as they do deny their object to restrain the liberty of conscience in religious matters, so far they are guilty of evasionŠof endeavor-ing to conceal their real intention. And this ought to put on his guard every American citi-zen, every lover of his country and its blood-bought privileges of civil and religious liberty. The Amendment Association declared in the most positive terms that polygamy could not be dealt with unless our Constitution were amended. The Government is commendably proving that it can. Tbey have said, and re-iterated their saying, that no action against polygamy can stand before the Supreme Court under our Constitution. But events prove that it can. To be consistent, these Amendment seekers ought to join with the Mormons in de-claring that the action of the Government is unconstitutional; that the polygamists are being illegally restrained of their liberty! For such is exactly their position in regard to the deci-sions of the courts in the cases of polygamists. And such are their views of Constitutional and religious rights! What a figure one of them would cut before the Supreme Court in ex-pounding our Constitution! But, fortunately, crime is culled crime, vice is regarded as vice, by our Courts, and their labored efforts sink nto insignificance before judicial decisions. It is the shame of America that the foul slot of polygamy has so long been suffered to exist, to prosper, and to bear undisputed sway over so large a portion of the public domain. Blood and treasure were expended without stint to rescue the colored people from their down-trodden condition. And yet our nation is so slow to learn wisdom. The public arm has scarcely been raised to rescue the women of a considerable portion of America from a degradation as vile, as abhorrent as ever cursed any people or any race. It is the greatest abomination of the age. It was a prominent part of the indictment found against slavery, that it made possible the subjection of a certain classŠmark, only a certain classŠof woman-kind in a part of the country, to the shame of prostitution, or to a denial of the rights of marriage. But Mormonism not only makes possible, but it makes obligatory the prostitution, or the subversion of the marriage rights, not of a certain class but of all classes of women within the reach of its power. And this not by lax civil legislation, but by the most strin-gent compulsion of church laws, to refuse obe-dience to which is made the highest crime, which subjects the refuser to the severest civil penal-ties, and to social and religious disabilities. American slavery was never so pernicious as a perverter of the public conscience and a de-stroyer of general morality, as American po-lygamy. We say "American polygamy," for we have strong doubts.whether such an abom-ination would be permitted to flourish in any other civilized nation, as it has flourished here. We think we have fully exposed the fallacy of the "Amendment Party's" argument in which they, in the face of all authority, con-found crime with religion. Now the question will arise, What will you do with the Mormon  claim that the Bible teaches them to practice polygamy? First we must say that that ques-tion does not come between us and the Relig-ious Reform, Association. If the Bible were declared the supreme law of the land, the Bible argument on polygamy would have yet to be settled, just as it has now. If this Association has not foreseen this, they are blind indeed. If they have seen it, we have never learned it from any of their utterances. But, secondly, we deny the claim of the Mormons in this re-spect. But as this paper is already longer than we intended, we must reserve that subject for another number. The importance of the ques-tion must be our excuse for making this article so long; and much yet remains to be said. J. H. W. Proposed Union of Church and State. NOTWITHSTANDING the fact that the so-called National Reform Association repeatedly dis-claims any desire to bring about a union of Church and State, and is professedly opposed to such a thing, it is not very difficult to show that, although its supporters reject the name, the thing itself is that for which they are most earnestly striving. This is shown plainly enough by that article of their constitution, which states that the object is to secure such an amendment to the Constitution of the United States as shall place all Christian insti-tutions and usages on an undeniable legal basis in the fundamental law of the land. Men do not seriously work for the enactment of laws which they have no intention of enforcing; therefore we may be sure that when they shall have accomplished their purpose, " Christian institutions and usages" will be enforced by law. Now when we consider that the term "the church" refers not to any single denom-ination, but to all professed believers in the Christian religion, it is plain that the carrying out of the design of the National Reform Party, will be nothing less than a union of Church and State. But we are not now obliged to draw con-clusions as to the intent of this Association. The Christian Statesman is the organ of that Association, and in one of the issues of March, 1884, Rev. J. W. Foster expressed its design in so clear a manner as to leave no room for doubt. The first proposition was that, "Ac-cording to the Scriptures, Church and State are mutually separate and independent divine in-stitutions." This proposition, which may mean anything or nothing, was doubtless intended to prepare the mind for the strong statements that follow, just as the infamous Jeffries used to raise the hopes of his victims to the highest pitch before he pronounced upon them an out-rageous and cruel sentence. The second prop-osition is explicit enough to satisfy the dullest mind. It is this:Š "According to the Scriptures, the State and its sphere exist for the sake of and to serve the interests of the church." But the learned writer, and the ingenuous party for which he speaks, would not have any one imagine that this means a union of -Church and State. Oh, no! Both are "mutually independent;" neverthe-less the church is to be master, and the State  to exist simply "to serve the interests of the church." The lion and the lamb are "mutu-ally independent and separate" animals; there can be no equal union between them; but they may lie down together, the lamb taking its po-sition inside the lion, the better to serve his lordship's interest. This was just the condition of things during the middle ages, when the pope had gained su-preme control of affairs. There was no more union of Church and State then than there would be now if the Statesman's ideas were carried out. Then the State was allowed to exist solely for the purpose of serving the in-terests of the church, and when any secular ruler, as in the case of Henry IV., presumed to act in a way to serve the interests' of his Government, he was deposed and excommuni-cated, and all his dominion was placed under interdict, until he submitted. Human nature has not changed a particle since the eleventh century. Let the body of professed Christians once become thoroughly indoctrinated with the idea that the State exists solely to serve the interests of the church, and, with the power in their hands, the horrors of the inquisition will be revived, unless all shall allow the claim. Again Mr. Foster says: " The true State will have a wise reference to the church's interests, in all her legislative, executive, and judicial pro-ceedings. Public vice and crime, immorality and licentiousness, the wild boar from the for-est, that devours the garden of the Lord, it de-stroys; and morality, virtue, and good order, the handmaids to religion, it promotes and en-courages." Every Government tends to pro-mote morall y, virtue, and good order; it is for this purpos( that Governments exist, and unless this is done there is no Government, for gov-ernment means restraint, and Governments ex-ist for the sole purpose of affording equal rights to all, by 'restraining the outward manifesta-tion of those passions which would endanger human rights. But this promotion of good or-der is solely for the sake of good order, and not for the sake of religion. The State pro-motes virtue and good order, not because they are handmaids of religion, but because without them there will be anarchy and no government. It cannot make men moral, because morality has to do with the heart, and not simply with outward acts, of which alone the State can take cognizance. A man may be vicious at heart, and yet do nothing of which the State can take notice; nay, even his most intimate friends may be ignorant of his immoral ten-dencies. Religion alone can change a man's heart and make him truly virtuous; and this it can do with the individual, even if there be no State. But Mr. Foster goes further. He says of the true State: " The expenses of the church in car-rying on her public aggressive work, it meets in whole or in part out of the public treasury." It is but just to the Statesman to say that it enters a gentle protest to this statement, saying that the National Reform Association " does not hold that the State should contribute directly to the financial support of the church." It does, how-ever, indorse the statement that "the church will recognize the good offices of the Christian State; and the true State will formally acknowl- 