AMERICAN SENTINEL. 87 all thy mind." "And the second is like unto it, Thou shalt love thy neighbor -Ls thyself." Matt. 22:36-40. As before stated, "God is love;" therefore "love is of God." From this it follows that these two command-ments both find their rootŠtheir originŠin "Love." It is therefore absolutely impossible for them to be obeyed without the love of God being in the hearts of those upon whom these obligations devolve. As the ten commandments hang upon these two greater commandments, it is perfectly plain that with them these ten find their origin in Love, and therefore must themselves be love, and in love only can be obeyed. Hence we read that "Love is the fulfilling of the law." Rom. 13:10. All this being true of God's law as a whole, it must be equally true of each commandment of that law. Therefore there is no such thing as Sabbath-keeping on the part of the one in whose heart the love of God has no place. This is true; and the only way that that love can be obtained is by having it "shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost, which is given unto us." Rom. 5:5. It surely then cannot be hard to see that any Sab-bath reform that does not begin with getting the love of God in the heart is not true Sabbath reform. Nor is this all: As the love of God is shed abroad in the heart by the Holy Spirit, any reform that does not depend upon the Holy Spirit wholly and entirely, cannot be true Sabbath reform. For it is written: "Not by might (army, marg.), nor by-power, but by my Spirit, saith the Lord." Zech. 4:6. Yet again: As "love is the fulfilling of the law," and "love is of God," in that "God is love," any Sabbath reform that is not wrought in love, and depends upon any power other than love, is not true Sabbath reform. And it might well be questioned that the day whose ad-vocates find it necessary to rely upon any other power than the love of God for its observance, is the Sabbath of the Lord. That it is true that the advocates of the Sunday Sabbath are courting the aid of a different power than that of the power of love, can easily be verified by an examination of the literature which is being scattered abroad throughout the country; and this very method furnishes strong proof of the true origin of Sunday. Human power being invoked for the preservation of the day, suggests that it has not a particle of divinityŠof the character of GodŠin it. °Fancy a divine, institution depending upon human enactments for its support! Could anything be more incongruous? And to think of the idea of "preserving" the Sabbath! The Sabbath that God instituted needs no presrvatives. It is eternal; it never can fail. That which makes God's Sabbath what it is, is his own presence in it. Its very nature is that of love, and "love never faileth." 1 Cor. 13:8. The attempt, therefore, to support the Sabbath by human enactments is not simply irreligious; it is blas- phemous. Its success cannot be anything else than the exaltation of manŠthe "man of sin," too, whose day Sunday isŠabove all that is called God; and the worship-ing of the power so represented instead of God. This pseudo-Sabbath reform work has been faithfully portrayed in the "sure word of prophecy," and is found in Rev. 13:11-17. This the writer has dwelt upon at length in the articles "The Holy Spirit and Sunday." That the true Sabbath reform is also a subject of prophecy cannot be doubted. That it would be placed by the side of the other, and in contrast to it, we would naturally expect, and that it is so we shall truly find; and from first to last it will be found that this reform will be carried on, not only without its adherents seek-ing the aid of earthly powers, but in the face of the bit-terest opposition by the powers of earth, and relying only upon the power of God's loveŠthe only true basis of Sabbath reform. THE gospel proclaims liberty to all menŠnot liberty to do wrong, for that is but bondage and slavery, from which the gospel delivers; but freedom to do right, free-dom to obey God's righteous law. This is the only soul-liberty there is. "I will walk at liberty," says the Psalm-ist, "for I seek Thy precepts."ŠOriental Watchman. Proposed Sunday Legislation in Oregon. THE following bill has been introduced in the legisla-ture of Oregon, which, as will be seen, is a sweeping meas-ure for the enforcement of Sunday observance:Š "If any person shall keep open any store, barber shop, shop, grocery, ball alley, billiard-room, shooting alley, tippling house for the purpose of labor or traffic, or any place of amusement or any house or building where goods, wares, and merchandise are sold or offered for sale on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday or the Lord's day, such person, upon conviction thereof, shall be punished by a fine of not less than $10 nor more than $100; provided, that the above provision shall not apply to the keepers of drug stores, doctor shops, undertakers, livery-stable keepers, hotel keepers, butchers and bakers, and all circumstances of necessity and mercy may be pleaded in defense, which shall be treated as a question of fact for the jury to determine when the offense is tried by a jury." It is fitting to observe in connection with this and ev-ery similar piece of proposed legislation, that it takes a radical departure from God's standard of Sabbath ob-servance, not only in naming a different day to be ob-served, but in providing an exemption for certain trades, such as liverymen, druggists, butchers, bakers, etc. This is a plain intimation that the legislature knows more about the proper observance of the Lord's day, than God himself knows. And this assumption is inseparable from every instance of Sabbath legislation. 