26 AMERICAN SENTINEL. long as his heart does not fail, he cannot die. The ex-planation that is given by the doctor of the national finances, as to why this bank failed, is precisely of the same character as that of the other doctors in the cases mentioned. His explanation of the results of the failure of "the second largest bank in the city" of Chicago, is that "no other result followed than the failure of institutions for which it had long been the feeder." Well, dear sir, so far as other banks are concerned, when, in fact, could any worse result ever follow the failure of a bank? It is hardly to be expected by anybody that the failure of one bank could result in the failure of another with which it had no connections. After such " explanations " as this, it is not to be wondered at that he assures the country that instead of these bank failures being taken as any real cause of ap-prehension, they should be looked upon as "quite the reverse," and taken as a special assurance to public con-fidence. He says, that " It would be remarkable if, after the long strain of a political campaign turning so largely upon the discussion of the money question, with aggres-sive earnestness on the part of both contending parties, some bank and business undertakings did not feel the strain and give way." And this after month's of contin-uous assurances, in which the Comptroller himself was personally engaged, that if only the election could be made to turn as it did, unalloyed prosperity would surely attend every branch of trade and industry! Everybody knows that the promised prosperity has not come. The Comptroller's statement shows that he knows that it has not come; and therefore he tries to coax it to appear. He says that "It ought to be recog-nized that capital is not to be drawn out by threats of destruction to it, and will not be. It ought also to be recognized that when the institutions which deal in the handling of credit are compelled, through continued fright of the people, to keep in their vaults excessively large reserves, every branch of manufacturing trade and commerce must languish. The loss from all this, in the largest measure, falls upon the great body of the people who are dependent upon the - activities maintained through the extending of credit by.banking institutions. The desirable thing, therefore, is to have them loaning, and not hoarding, and their depositors draWing their checks for the purpose of transferring property, instead of to obtainŁ money to place in safety vaults." To be sure all this " ought " to be so, but it is not so. If all this were so, the promised prosperity would be prev-alent. But as it is no more so now than it was before the election, those promises of prosperity were altogether vain. Let us not be'misunderstood. We do not say" that the promised prosperity would have come, even had the other side won in the election campaign. If the election had gone the other way, we do not believe that times would have been any better than they are. They might  have been worse. And even in the way the election did go, the times may be worse than they now are. We be-lieve they will be worse. And this is simply to say that in the election cam-paign the vital causes of present conditionS were not dealt with at all. When these causes were discerned, as in some instances they were, they were dodged or beaten back, and a false issue made the all-important thing. There may be faults in the financial system of the United States; but this is not the cause of the hard times. And such not being the cause of the evils,the cure cannot. be  found in any schemes of finance. The source of the trouble lies far back of all these things. It lies with the people themselves, as individuals. And as the source of the trouble lies back of the Government itself, no govern-mental remedies that may be applied will relieve it. No reform will be effective, but the reform of the individual. Of all places in the world, this mustŁ be so in a govern-ment which is of the people. Yet as plain as this truth is, it is a fact that, with one exception, every movement for reform that is to-day attempted In the United States is aimed at the Govern-ment rather than the individual. Temperance reform has been turned altogether upon the Government. "Sab-bath reform" is aimed altogether at the Government. And even what professes to be Christian Endeavor only, is directed almost wholly to an endeavor at reforming the Government, All this is directly the reverse of every principle of the Government of the United States, as well of every principle of Christianity; and therefore can never be anything but the reverse of that which is benefi-cial to both the Government and the individual. Shall It Be Reform or Ruin? AT the annual banquet of the New England Society, lately held in this city, Hon. E. J. Phelps made the prin-cipal speech, in which he referred to last year's election contest,Ł in the following words :Š " We have passed through a crisis that in my belief is the greatest thisŁ country has,  encountered. The distin-guishing quality of this contest has been that it inaugu-rated for the first time in this land a controversy not merely between sectionsŠwhich is bad enoughŠbut be-tween classes, which drew the line horizontal instead of perpendicular, separated the more fortunate from the less fortunate. . . . "The war is not over. One battle has been fought, but the prosperity that sanguine men looked for to fol-low immediately upon such a victory, has not come. . . . What this country demands is prosperity. If that re-turns this contest that we have been through will not be renewed. If it does not return it will be renewed, and God only knows what will be the result of it under these cir-cumstances." No, that promised prosperity has not come. Not only has it not come, but there are no more signs of it to-day than there were a year ago. There is, however, prosperity of a certain lind that 