214 AlDIDOELIC_A.N SlON°17I1‚1101,. Vol.. 9, No. 27. The Parochial School in England. AT their recent annual meeting the Catholic bishops of England united with Cardinal Vaughan, the archbishop of Westminster, in a deliverance on public elementary ducation which coincides in many respects with the views of Arch-bishop Corrigan in regard to the public schools of this country. The deliverance is in part as follows :Š " That, while political power and the responsibilities of self-government are more and more devolving upon the masses of the people, and while obvious dangers menace the future of society, it is to the country's highest advantage that religious principles of life and conduct should be deepened and strengthened in the souls of all during the period of elementary educa-tion, and that these advantages can be adequately secured, so far as the education of Catholics is concerned, only by Catholic public elementary schools, conducted under Catholic management. " That Catholic parents cannot in con-science accept or approve for their children a system of education in which secular in-struction is divorced from education in their religion. " That Catholic parents cannot in con-science accept or approve for their children a system of religious education based upon private interpretations of the Bible given by school teachers, whether trained in re-ligious knowledge or untrained. "That the only system of religious edu-cation which Catholic parents can accept for their children is that given under the authority and direction of the Catholic Church, which they believe that Christ himself has appointed to teach all those things which he has revealed. " That to take the management of schools intended for Catholic children out of the hands of those who represent the religious convictions of their parents, and to place it in the hands of public ratepayers who cannot represent those convictions, is a violation of parental rights, to be resisted as an unwarrantable attack upon religious liberty and upon a fundamental law of nature. "That Catholic public elementary schools, satisfying the demands of the Education Department, have a right to as full a share of public money, whether from the rates or from the taxes, as any other public elementary schools in the country, and that it is unjust to deprive them of it because of the religious instruc-tion required by the parents, which is given to the children attending such schools. " That, in the present religious condi-tion of the people of England, the State ought to observe a consistent and strict impartiality in respect to religious educa-tion, whether given in voluntary or board schools; and to distribute for mainte-nance,' to all public elementary schools fulfilling the requirements of the Educa-tion Department, an equal proportionate share of public money collected for public elementary education. " That compulsory State education is an intolerable tyranny, unless due regard be paid by the State to the education of the children in their own religion; that hap-pily, in the case of pauper and semi-crim-inal, children, such regard is part of the English law, which makes provision for the education of such children in their own faith; and that, therefore, consistency and justice require that the children of  the honest working classes, who _are com-pelled under penalties to attend school, should not be less advantageously provided for in respect to education in their own religion." A committee was appointed, with Car-dinal Vaughan as chairman, to draft a bill for presentation to Parliament providing for the expenditure in the maintenance of Catholic schools of a' proportionate part of the public money raised for the purposes of elementary education. ŠNew York Sun. An Iniquitous Proposition. THE latest proposed Sunday iniquity is "the introduction of literature on Sabbath observance into school books." It is scarcely necessary to say that it was a committee of the Reformed Presbyterian Synod that proposed this. Commenting on this scheme an exchange well says:Š Talk of Church meddling with or control of secular affairs, but did any one in the United States ever be-fore hear of a proposition so outrageously audacious and insolent as that revealed by the name of this Cov-enanter committee ? What wonder that such Protes-tants as these are opposed to the division of the public school funds in the interest of the Catholics! They want it all to serve their own purposes; they want to make the common schools, supported by the taxation of all classes of the people, the propagating grounds of their own narrow and intolerant notions. Of a piece with this demand is that of several Protestant lay organizations that only Protestant teachers shall be employed in the State schools. A western news-paper, mouthpiece of one of these sectarian societies, in declaiming against all teachers who are not Protes-tants, indignantly asks why Catholics should be allowed to teach in Protestant schools. Protestant, mind you, not public or common schools. It has come to this. that the schools of the people are held by one division of the church to be its property now, while the other division holds that they should be its private possession as soon as possible; and both agree in de-manding that religion of some kind shall be taught therein all the time. All this in plain denial of the letter and spirit of the Constitution and of the law of equal freedom. Dr. H. H. George was chairman, and of his report the Christian Reformer says:Š Dr. H. H. George . . . reported that he had corresponded with three leading school-book pub-lishers; viz.: Ginn & Co., Boston; Potter & Co., Phil-adelphia; and the American Book Company, New York. The first mentioned thought it a grand idea, and would like to have the matter continued, and sug-gested that some sample manuscripts be prepared and submitted to the company. The second, or represent-ative of the Potter & Co. firm, could see no objection to it, and would be quite willing to consider it further. The American Book Company did not know that it would be expedient. They were aiming to meet any public demand in the line of school books, but had not known of any demand in the direction of Sabbath literature for such books. The committee deems it advisable to take further steps- to prepare some dis-cussion of the subject of the Sabbath in a graded series to suit the different school readers, and also a more analytic discussion of the subject for the text-book on physiology, and have them submitted to these and other book firms. This is a monstrous proposition. Mr. George and his confreres would be horri-fied at the idea of turning the common schools over to the Catholics, even where papists are in the majority; but they de-liberately plan to seize the schools in the interests of their Sunday propaganda. School laboks have quite enough of the errors of so-called orthodoxy in them now without making them vehicles for con-veying into every home the claims of the false Sabbath. Theological Discussion. " WE don't play the piano at our house on Sunday," said the first little girl, "and you folks do. We ain't heathens." " Neither are we," said the second little girl, " but we don't believe in usin up all  our religion on Sunday, so's there won't be none left through the week, like some folks does."ŠIndianapolis Journal. Ł A PROMINENT French writer, in an arti-cle upon the capacity of the new rifles for destruction, says that a battlefield at the end of a general engagement between two such armies as European governments would be likely to put into the field would be covered with two or three hundred thousand corpses, crushed and mangled. There would be none left to bury the dead and pestilence would break out in the sur-rounding country. In such a state of affairs he declares War would be regarded as a monster in history, and that he would be sure to bring annihilation upon his own people. ŠExchange. WHILE the Holy Scriptures command us to be subject to " rulers " and to "the higher powers," they in no wise require us to surrender our freedom of conscience or to obey the State in preference to God. Christ clearly distinguished between the things that are God's and the things that are Csar's. And while he always obeyed the civil law, he submitted to civil cruci-fixion rather than to surrender his claim as Messiah. Just so Peter and the other apostles when required by the Jewish clergy, vested with civil authorities, to abstain from preaching the cutting truths of the gospel, nobly answered : " We ought to obey God rather than men." Acts 5 : 29. No State which strictly adheres to its God-given functions over civil affairs will have any chance to persecute. Persecu-tion is on the part of the Church a sign of apostasy; on the part of the State a proph-ecy of future political, social and economic ruin.ŠJohn Vulleumier, in The American,. " THE Dogs and the Fleas," is 'a bold and somewhat overdrawn sketch of the present condition of society, wherein the workers are the dogs, and the bankers, 'bondholders, corporations and capitalists, both domestic and foreign, are the fleas, which are sucking the blood of the dogs and keeping the latter in a state of starva-tion. This book tells much truth, but it also omits much. Our sympathies are with the downtrodden and oppressed every-where, but capital is not alone responsible for the ills of labor. Thrift and Waste, Economy and Extravagance, must not be left out of the calculation. Nor is the assumption warranted that men with money and men without money differ es-sentially in their nature. The inhuman-ity of capital to labor is not greater than is the inhumanity of labor toward labor. Trade-unionism is quite as intolerant as capital. The inevitable conclusion is that the evils complained of in the book under discussion are due primarily not to any social or economic system, but to fallen human nature Š wrong systems being themselves a result, rather than a cause. WHEN a religion is good I conceive that it will support itself, and when it cannot support itself and God does not take care to support it, so its professors are obliged to call for help from the civil power, it is a sign, I apprehend, of its being a bad one. ŠBenjamin Franklin. 