gesa A.MIMEZI CAW  VOL. o, go. H. NEW Yomc, AUGUST 9, 1894. VW" ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. No Paper Next Week. As a volume of the AMERICAN SENTINEL consists of fifty numbers we omit a paper next week, and thus give the employds of the office a week's vacation. No. 33 will bear date of August 23. THE Sunday edition of the Toronto World is issued about 9 P. M. Saturday night, because as the Christian Statesman boasts, its publishers do " not dare to issue it after midnight." All the more shame to Toronto. WE begin in our next number the pub-lication of the best expose of the dogmas of papal infallibility and the primacy of St. Peter, ever written. Every Protestant should read it. Nos, 33, 34 and 35 will contain this valuable matter. THE Nashville Christian Advocate per-tinently remarks : " There is many a Jesuit who has never put on the outward garb of the order. Even among Protes-tants it, is possible to find men whose con-fused moral notions fit them to be disciples of Loyola." SEVENTEEN members of a baseball club were recently fined at Dayton, Ohio, for playing ball on Sunday. " The Christian people of Dayton," says a National Reform paper, "declare their intention to put a stop to playing on Sabbath." That is they mean to use the civil law to enforce their counterfeit Sabbath upon all the people. THE Sun, one of the most influential papers of this city, if not the most influ- ential, had in its issue of Sunday, July 15, this significant paragraph :Š But if the unification of all the forms of Christianity by ecclesiastical ties and through an acceptance of a common body of doctrine, may be deemed impracti-cable, there is no doubt that the era of religious rancors and sectarian antipathies has almost passed away, the only vestiges of it being the persecution of the Jews in eastern Europe, and the occasional foolish attempts to excite suspicion and jealousy of the Cath-olic Church in Canada and the United States. Un-questionably theŁ time is ripe, or soon will be, for a moral cooperation of all men calling themselves Chris- Ł tians, against revolutionary teachings which threaten the destruction alike of religion and of civilization. The necessity of such a combination against anti-social forces has been repeatedly affirmed by Leo XIII., and is proclaimed with special anxiety and fervor in what perhaps will prove to be his last encyclical. This is just the direction that events are taking. The Catholic Church sets itself  forth as the great conservator of society, the preserver of social order, the only power that can control the masses. In the dire distress that is coming upon the na-tions, they will turn to this wicked power for salvation; and they will imagine that they get it too, and will then cry " Peace and safety;" but then sudden destruction shall come. THE number of cheap Sunday excursions on railroads centering in Pittsburg, Pa., has been greatly increased this season. This is a boon to the poor laboring people who cannot get out of the city on any other day. But it is none the less distaste-ful to those who have a religion that can-not be maintained without law. Mr. Crafts says that " religion cannot be maintained without the Sabbath, or the Sabbath with-out law." It follows that such religion is dependent on civil law for existence, and hence is not the religion of the Lord Jesus Christ, for that not only has been main-tained without civil law, but in spite of such law. DEFENDING the prosecution of Advent-ists under the Sunday law of Tennessee, not as made by the legislature but as made by the courts, the News, of Paris, Tenn., says:Š The fact of the matter is that all denominations are right, looking at it from each peculiar standpoint. But if a man or the people do not see as others do, the people or the courts of the State should not be slan-dered because of that fact. The time will never come when any religious denomination can force its teach-ings upon the people if they do not want to receive such doctrines. Let the law be enforced upon all alike. When, let us ask, have the wicked Adventists tried to force their teachings upon the people ? That is just what they complain of in the State of Tennessee, namely, that the civil law is there invoked to force upon them the Sunday institu-tion in which they have no faith. They know that it is antichristian, but the courts of Tennessee declare Sunday to be a Christian institution, that it must be observed for that reason. It is the State of Tennessee that is trying to force its religion upon the Adventists, and not the little handful of Adventists in Henry County who are trying to force their re-ligion upon the State, or people, of Ten-nessee. Again, the News says : " Let the law be enforced alike upon all." Then why is it not done ? Why are Adventists the only victims ? The editor of the News knows, if he is not blind, that the Sunday law of Tennessee is violated every week in his own town; but how many of the violators have been prosecuted since the advent of the News to Paris ? If the courts of Ten-nessee are zealous alone for the majesty of Tennessee law, why does not their wrath strike some of the larger offenders as well as the Adventists in their retired country homes ? THE St. Louis Globe-Democrat gives tht following particulars of a case alluded to in these columns a week or two since :Š Charles 0. Cedarquist, private, Company A, Second Infantry, stationed at Omaha, Neb., has been found guilty of disobeying his superior officer in refusing, because of religious scruples, to attend target practice on Sunday, and to-day the court-martial jury returned its verdict, and the accused was sentenced to be con-fined at hard labor for a period of six months and to forfeit to the United_ States $10 per month of his pay for the same period. This is the first time such a case has arisen in the annals of the army, and the decision and finding of the court-martial established a precedent for future cases of similar nature. The case has at-tracted. a great deal of attention in army and religious circles. The defense was practically limited to the contention that the order, in respect of which disobedience was charged, was an unlawful one in that, first, it enjoined a duty to be performed on Sunday, in violation of orders and regulations limiting Sunday labor in the army to the measure of strict necessity, and, second, that the act required to be done would have been a violation of Section 241 of the Criminal Code of Ne-braska. The decision says:Š " That a commanding officer has a discretion under existing orders to require target practice by his com-mand on Sunday in case of necessity is undoubted. The evidence in this case fails to fix upon the com-manding officer any abuse of discretion in the issue of the order complained of by the accused. The legality of that order and the obligation of the accused to obey it when duly transmitted to him cannot be questioned. It was not for him to judge of the necessity for the issuance of the order. The discretion pertained to his commanding officer as to whether one existed, and, whether erroneously or not, it was the duty of the accused to obey. It is conceded that soldiers sta-tioned at Belleview Rifle Range, Nebraska, who, as individuals, engage in hunting and shooting on Sunday would be within the provisions of the sections referred to and liable to its penalties, but after careful consid-eration the reviewing authority is of the opinion that the State could not make, nor has it by this section or any other legislation to which his attention has been called, attempted to make the performance on Sunday of target practice or any other duty pertaining to the instruction and discipline of the army a criminal offense." The occasion is deemed opportune for inviting the attention of the department to the fact that the obli-gations of military service will never permit a soldier to refuse obedience to an order because in his judg-ment it is unnecessary. It does not appear whether or not this man took the proper course in endeavoring beforehand to be excused from attending target practice on Sunday; but if he did, the officer is clearly in the wrong. The man had a perfect right to keep Sunday, and in time of peace there is absolutely no reason why he could not have been permit-ted to do so. The Government has no more right to require men to render such service in violation of their consciences than it has to require them to keep Sunday when they don't want to. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per year, - - 900 25 to 99 " " " " - - - 80c 14 100 to 249 " " " it - - 75c 250 to 499 " " " 500 to 999 " " " " - - 650 " 1000 or more " " " doe To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. - - - 70c 