E,...421  ,)>1 al 0 .0-. .,. = g g tg . 2;'' RI' la,+. , us.  -g'"" mt2,.. ..1' 1 00  o Po . a 12' 0 `- ms g :. . , I a 4, 0 g .$ <T> to .2,1 4' 3 T: 0'.ŁB'gl a ,4zi,,;250'8:0g gt- 0 4 0, '8 g : 11 i 1';  : g' i 7! ; ! Miaii.,4 i.,,.,%,,,,,<3,0.2—.—.., T ° o 5 b-o pi 4 ,., 4 4'', o i, >1t012pi  0,?, .1,., It! ,  4" 1,1 Ti b r 6" 4 V, •  ł.. A <:, F.,o 4 1  .  CI 0,  A 0 ,c, .1 Ukj  l'8154gulIt; ifir11Ł 0119t-A Goa 0  .71 Goa.,  o2.' q -ec-- 0 - 1:gt8-084V,1 to ,.i;a Oa?, t o...1"8.8 !Ifig.WIVI 1 H A ..—, 0  .,_ . - 0 vŁ-r a Pct 398 THE AlVIERICA.N S'ENTINRL. From what I read of the Farmers' Alliance in the South, and from the recent action of the railway employes in this State, and from general report of sentiment elsewhere I should say this idea was be-coming generalŠbut I do not insist on that.,. The cry of paternal Government is no longer a bugbear. In principle it is not a new departure. It is now only a question of growth. We begin to recognize this from the Supreme Court down." "'Do you think this change in our system is the way to reach the greatest good to the greatest number " " Ah, now you want an opinion!" he exclaimed. "My opinion on this point is worth no more than  any other man's. To the public it is worth nothing. I have been merely stating facts that have come under my observation. I would not call it a change in our systemŠthe system remains the sameŠelec-tions by the present process, officers and terms of office the same. It is more properly a change in the application of the system and one contemplated as possible by the framers of the' Constitution. Ł It is the national progression of a great people, We im-prove on the old model as we go along. The war of '61 demonstrated that the original plan needed a vigorous overhauling. I think it improved things materially. Even those who opposed it, arms in hand, think so now. So the paternalizing of the GovernmentŠthe bringing of it nearer to the new wants of the peopleŠmay result in increased per-sonal happiness and national prosperity. " The question of farm mortgages is a very serious one in the Northwest. People who pay eight and ten per cent, on their borrowed money begin to feel the hopelessness of their situation. The' source of all national wealth is in the producer, and the agri-culturist is the great producer. In times of finan-cial stringency from over speculation, the Treasury of the United States comes promptly to the 'rescue of the Wall Street operator. Why should not the Government come to the assistance of the farmer when he gets in a financial hole ? I do not suggest any particular way; but let it find some practical way." Ł "What's the matter with the Government leaving the money with him, instead of taking it by taxa-tion and loaning it back to him ? " was inquired. This query rather floored the political economist from the Northwest, but he recovered in time'to ob-serve that it was a 'scheme worthy of consideration. "And in this progressive system of paternal Gov-ernment where do you draw the line of demarcation, where the Government shall stop, and where the people may think and act for themselves 7 Will it be at the governmental control of the telegraph lines, the railroads, the establishment of postal savings banks, the taking up of the farm mortgages at a nominal rate of interest ? Or will it extend its uni-formed hand to the running of flouring mills, brew-eries and manufactories, &c." " I would draw no line. The representatives of the people in Congress assembled would presumably represent the views of their constituents in the mat-ter. This Government is supposed to be by the peo-ple, of the people, and for the people. The trouble is that you consider the Government as something apart from, something not of, the peopleŠit is the people, acting for themselves. The Government belongs to the people, and not the people to the Government. I have just been trying to enforce this idea in an argument before the Secretary of the Interior, at Washington, in a big land case. If the people want their Government to stand in its official capacity between them and poverty and ruin, they have the right to demand that it shall do so, and this without reference to preconceived theories, or of governmental systems of other countries. There is a legal way to express this demand, and that is through the ballot-box and the impartial ad-ministration of the laws made by their representa-tives." The open expression of such sentiments,  as these, coupled with a clear view of the social, political, and legislative tendency of  the times, is an evidence of the beginning of the end. Month by month it becomes more certain that there are increasing numbers of able, influential men through-out the country, who not only see the politi-cal storm-cloud rising, but hail its coming as a coveted opportunity for action and the profitable exercise of their abilities. W. H. M. Ł Petty Persecution. THE Truth Seeker relates the following story of petty persecution for opinion's sake, illustrative, also, of the folly of mak-ing criminal upon one day that which is held to be perfectly legitimate upon other d ays Returning from the American Secular Union Congress, .Mr. L. K. Washburn stopped to lecture at Alliance, Ohio. There he learned of an attempt to preserve the " Sabbath" holy by persecuting a Freethinker. Mr. P. L. Dattlebaum, in common with other dealers, has kept his cigar store open on Sundays for years. He carries, in connection with cigars and tobacco, a line of gents' furnishing goods. His Sunday trade, however, has been mostly in cigars. One Sunday in October he sold a linen cam., and was notified the next morning by the po-lice authorities to close his place of business on the following Sunday. He did so, but noticed that every other cigar dealer kept open store the same as usual. Not thinking all were treated alike, Mr. Dattlebaum opened his doors when the next Sunday came around ana was arrested on Monday morning. He was again arrested in two weeks for the same offense. He appealed his case, and we shall await with interest the decision of the higher court. What makes the case look like persecution is that not an-other person has been ordered to close his cigar store or has been arrested for selling his goods on Sunday. Mr. Dattlebaum is an outspoken Free-thinker, and thinks that religious prejudice has prompted the action against him. But, imagine the authorities of a city or town giving a license to sell tobacco, cigars, etc., on Sunday, and prosecuting a man for selling a linen collar on that day, exclaims Mr. Washburn. It seems that cleanliness is not next to godliness in the opinion of some people. We are at a loss to understand how a Christian can strain at a linen collar and swallow a plug of to-bacco or a cigar on his Sabbath day. It would seem as though a man with a clean collar would make a better appearance on and do greater honor to the Sunday than a man with a cigar in his mouth, but evidently the Christian conscience is more wounded by the sale of clean linen on the Sunday than by the sale of a filthy weed. Is it any wonder that infidels abound when such things are done in the supposed .interests of Christian institutions ? THE Young Men's Era says of THE SENTINEL that it " is evidently published in the interest of those who oppose the general observance of the Sabbath day." It is evident that the editor of the Era knows nothing about THE AMERICAN SEN-TINEL. The editors of this paper keep the Sabbath, and use their influence to per-suade others to keep it also, but they are opposed to all laws requiring anybody to keep either the Sabbath or any other day for any reason whatever. The Sabbath is a religious institution, and Sabbath-keeping is a religious observance; and both should be absolutely free from the trammels of civil laws. RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. DECLARATION of PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit. ting_ to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on religious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own con-science. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and honorable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil government; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the in estimable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORE. CITY; 225 A ST., N. E., WASHINGTON ; 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO. THE Minneapolis Journal reports a dis-patch from Winnipeg, Manitoba, which says : " The most important judgment ever given in. Manitoba was delivered by Judge Killara, November 24, in the celebrated appeal of the Roman Catholics against an Act passed by the last Legislature abolish-ing separate schools. The decision is against the Catholics, but the case will be appealed to England, as the Catholics will not be satisfied until a decision is obtained there." C. ELDRIDGE, W. H. McKEE, President. Secretary. 