142 A.101EVIEtIC.A.N SP,N11111Nnir— VoL. 0, Mo. 18. District of Columbia has referred to the District Commissioners for their approval' or disapproval, and they in turn have submitted it to the attorney for the Dis- trict. He has reported that in his opinion there is no special need for the passage of this particular measure, but that it is in proper form if the commissioners are of the opinion that the " District stands in need of further moral legislation." On February 18, 1890, the House Com-mittee on the District gave a hearing upon Mr. Breckinridge's Sunday bill for the District. Much that was then said is just as applicable to the measure that Mr. Morse has introduced in this Congress. The following is an extract from the ad-dress of J. 0. Corliss, at that time Elder of the Seventh-day Adventist Church in Washington. In reply to the question of the chairman as to whom he represented, Mr. Corliss said :Š " I reside in this city, sir, with my fam-ily. I speak in behalf of the Seventh-day Adventist Church of Washington, of which I am, at present, the pastor; as a citizen of the United States, and as a resident of this District, I appear, not, as has been affirmed before you, to speak in behalf of a Saturday Sabbath. Far from it, gen-tlemen of the committee. If this bill, No. 3854, were to have incorporated in it, instead of Sunday, or the first day of the week,' the words Saturday, or the sev-enth day of the week,' there is no one who would oppose it stronger than I. And I would oppose it just as strongly as I do in its present form, for the reason that it is not sectarianism that calls us here to-day; but we see in this bill a principle of religious legislation that is dangerous, not to our liberties in particular, but to the liberties of the nation. For, as you per-ceive, this bill has an exemption clause providing that this act shall not be con-strued to apply to any person or persons who conscientiously believe in, and ob-serve, another day of the week than Sun-day as a day of rest.' This fact gives us more courage to oppose the measure, be-cause we know that all fair-minded people will be able to see that our opposition arises from a broader and higher motive than that of self-interest. There are then, sir good reasons why we maintain the attitude in which we are found to-day, and which we will shortly proceed to lay before you." . . After further preliminary remarks in reference to the title of the bill which are not applicable to this present bill as enti-tled, Mr. Corliss continued :Š " But,' it is asked, has not Congress the same right to pass a law making six days a week's work as it has to make eight hours a legal day's work ? ' That may be done, but it would not be in the same line with the legislation this bill proposes. This bill enforces a penalty upon him who works on Sunday, but Congress does not say that the man who works more than eight hours a day shall pay a hundred dollars' fine. If this bill were only to make six days constitute a week's work, permitting any one to labor more if lie choose, there would be a similarity; but, as the bill reads, you all recognize the difference between the two points. " This bill, instead of having a civil char-acter, is a purely religious document, as you will notice by an examination of it. A civil bill can make provision for only civil matters, but this one enjoins the observance of a day, the non-observance of which is no incivility to any one. Sun- day observance originated in religious worship, and has ever been regarded as a purely religious rite. Civil offenses are those which invade the rights of property or person, but if one labor on Sunday, he invades the rights of no human being. He robs no one of any property or of a single personal right. His neighbor may observe the day if he choose, just the same as if the other man were doing so. It is not the day an which an act is per-formed which makes it civil or uncivil. It is just as wrong to strike a man on Monday as to do it on Sunday. It is just as wrong to drink whisky on Monday as to drink it on Sunday. If it were true that the day itself conld constitute an act a civil offense, then it might be argued that labor on Sunday is a civil offense. But just as soon as the position is assumed that labor is a civil offense (no matter on what day it is performed) then labor is made a crime. Therefore, by the terms of this bill, honest labor becomes a crime, for it expressly forbids any one to perform honest labor. It may be said that labor only becomes a crime by being performed on Sunday; but if laboi be a crime when done on one day of the week, it is a crime on every day of the week, since it is not the day on which a deed is done that con-stitutes a crime, but the deed itself must be the crime (if crime it is) on . whatever day it is performed. So, then, if the courts of the country recognize the 'prin-ciple that labor done on one day of the week is a crime, when on all other days of the week the same labor would be lawful, then they really legalize crime on every day of the week except that one. This shows the falsity of the claim that this bill is a civil one. "But it may be said that it is the dis-turbance to others, by the performance of Sunday labor, that constitutes it a crime. But why should Sunday labor disturb another any more than that which is done on any other day of the week ? Mani-festly, only because it is thought to be religiously wrong. In other words, such disturbance can only be of a mental char-acter. For instance, when I go out into my garden and quietly work, or even go out on the street and work on Sunday, I have taken nothing from any man. I do not deprive him of his right to keep the day. Then wherein is the disturbance ?ŠCertainly not in the deprivation of rights. It must then only be in a mental disturb-ance. Upon this point allow me to cite the decision of Judge Walton, of Lewis-ton, Maine, in a case where a man was prosecuted for drawing cordwood through the streets on Sunday. In his charge to the jury, the judge said that his impres-sion was that the complaint could not be maintained, for the defendant had quietly and in an unobtrusive manner hauled his wood, without coming into the immediate neighborhood of a meeting. The prose-cuting attorney suggested that it might have been where people were returning home from church. But the judge de-cided that that would be but a mental operation, a matter of the mind, of con-science, because they thought it wrong, that it did not look right. For my part,' he says, I do not see why any one driving quietly along with his load on one day of the week should cause any more disturb-ance than on any other day of the week. It only disturbs people because they think it wrong.' And this is the basis of all Sunday legisiation. People think Sunday work to be wrong, and are therefore dis- turbed because some one else does not be-lieve just the same as they do in the matter. " But if mental disturbance constitutes a civil offense, then the preaching of opinions diverse from those of the major-ity of people is also a civil offense, and is indictable in the courts of the country, for, as you have seen to-day by the per-sonalities indulged in, there are men who are more or less disturbed by such work. It is thus easy to see that such reasoning would quickly deprive the minority of all their religious rights. Let such a bill as this pass, and it would be but another step to make all mental disturbance on Sunday a crime. Then woe betide the man who dared publicly to proclaim any religious views on that day, not in harmony with his neighbor. There is danger in taking the first step in religious legislation. It is every one's privilege to keep the Sab-bathŠnot as a civil duty but as a religious duty. That is, however, a matter belong-ing wholly to individuals, as a right of conscience, with which the courts have nothing to do except to protect each one from disturbance in his devotions. But this bill is not necessary'for that purpose, for every State and territory in this Union has already a law providing that religious meetings held on any day of the week shall be protected from disturbance. " I wish here to reiterate the statement that Sunday was set apart only for a reli-gious reason; and I will submit on this point an extract from the argument of Rufus King, made before the superior court of the Cincinnati Board of Educa-tion, which was tried to decide the ques-tion as to whether or not the Bible should be taught in the public schools of that city. Mr. King was attempting to show, in support of having the Bible taught as part of the public education, that it was the province of the State to enforce reli-gion. And to prove his position true he cited the Sunday law of that State, say-ing :Š " The proviso of the Sunday law exempts those only who conscientiously observe the seventh day of the week as the Sabbath. Why are they exempted ? Why, but because they religiously observe another Sabbath ? Why then does the law of Ohio enforce the obsrvance of Sunday 1ŠManifestly because it is reli- gions." Then he says upon the same point: The same law makes it a penal offense to profanely swear by the name of God, Jesus Christ, or the Holy Ghost.' This last statement of his is to show that the Sunday law of Ohio is wholly religious. "In this connection let me say, gentle- men, that the District of Columbia has just the same kind of a Sunday law as that of Ohio. This law of the District of Columbia was in force when this book was issued which I hold in my hand, which was April 1, 1868; and I am told that this law (which I will read) was re- enacted in 1874. I now quote from the law. Section 1 provides thatŠ "If any person shall deny the Trinity, he shall, for the first offense, be bored through the tongue, and fined twenty pounds; . . . and for the second of-fense, the offender being thereof convict as aforesaid, shall be stigmatized by burning on the forehead with the letter B, and fined forty pounds; . . . and for the third offense, the offender being thereof con-vict as aforesaid, shall suffer death, without the benefit of the clergy. "Section 10 of the same law has this :Š " No person whatever shall do any bodily labor, on the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday, . . . and that every person transgressing this act, and being thereof convict by the evidence of one sufficient.  