316 A.MLIETELI CAN-  SIEN9VINIEE.4. VoL. 10, No. 40. the spirit and genius of our Constitution,"Šthat Constitution which prohibits any religious test or qualification for public office, and de-clares that " Congress shall make no law re-specting an establishment of religion, or pro-hibiting the free exercise thereof "! Truly it is a blind zeal which urges on the leaders in this Sunday-law crusade. THE SABBATH INDESTRUCTIBLE. Jr men would remember that the Sabbath is not a man-made institution, and that it does not partake of the nature and character-istics of that which is .man-made, they would see that there is no occasion for concern over the danger that the Sabbath will be destroyed or lost; for no such danger exists. The Sabbath was made by God, and is in-destructible and unchangeable. It was not made by man's keeping of it, but by the act of God in resting upon the seventh day, and blessing and sanctifying it. Before man ever kept it, the Sabbath existed as fully and as actually as it does to-day. God, not man, made the Sabbath holy; and no man can make it holy now. No man can impart holiness to anything. God alone can do this, and it is only by this act of God that any man can become holy. The most that man can do is to keep holy that which God has made so. We are commanded to keep the Sabbath holy; in other words, to keep it as God has made it. He has separated it from the other days of the week, by making it the rest day, the other six being working days. It is our part to see that in our own lives, this ar-rangement is preserved. The danger is not that the Sabbath will be lost, but that men will be lost by failing to do as God has commanded. And as men cannot do as God commands, save as they become identified with Christ, so that He lives in them, as once before he did in the flesh, the perfect life, the need which is indicated by the prevailing worldliness and lawlessness, is for more earnest work in leading souls to Christ, and not for more stringent laws to " preserve" the institution of the Sabbath. " GROSSLY INSULTED " AND " OUTRAGED." THE Pleasant Hill (Mo.) Gazette, of Sep-tember 6, tells how the citizens of that place were recently " grossly insulted " by certain published utterances regarding a movement which had been started there for' a stricter ob-servance of Sunday. The Pleasant Hill Local was the offending party. That paper charac-terized the movement as narrow-minded, pu-ritanical, and hypocritical, making, however, no mention of any person or church. Whereupon the Gazette, as the champion of religion and morality, replied, " The question of Sunday closing here has received a fresh impetus from a scandalous article that ap-peared in the columns of the moss-covered raglet across the way," etc. ; and the congre-gation of the Methodist Episcopal Church, on the following Sunday, passed this resolu- tion:Š Inasmuch as every Christian and law-abiding citizen of our town has been grossly insulted by Mr. Race, who so flagrantly outraged all decency by his article in the last issue of his paper, and believing our laws most wholesome and necessary for the public good, therefore, Resolved, That we denounce said article as iniqui-tous and anarchistical. We mention the incident as furnishing a sample of the temper and spirit of those zealous for Sunday laws. It is plainly not  the spirit and temper of the meek Man of Nazareth. The mere denouncing of the Sunday-law movement is regarded by Sunday observers as grossly insulting, flagrantly outrageous, and anarchistical. What, then, would be their feelings if this offending editor possessed the power, and used it, to put them in prison and. in the chain-gang for refusing obedience to a law compelling them to rest on the seventh day of the week ? Ł HOW A BAPTIST VIEWS IT. [Copy of a letter to the Editor of the Kentucky Baptist Standard.] DEAR BROTHER: I was surprised and pained this morning at reading a quotation from your paper of Aug. 15, 1895, supposed to be a part of your comments on articles in the Indiana Baptist and Journal and Messen-ger, dealing with the imprisonment in Ten-nessee and elsewhere, of Seventh-day Advent-ists, for violating Sunday laws. Below I give the quotation, which I could wish was a false one, for to me it is sickening to realize that liberty-loving, persecuted Bap-tists could fall so far below their standard of justice and charity. It says:Š The Adventists are entirely familiar with the laws of the land on the Sunday question, and they get in jail for the very purpose of eliciting the sympathy of the public. We do not blubber over them at all. If they want to keep out of jail let them obey the law like other decent people and they will be certain not to get into trouble. We think the authorities in Ten-nessee did exactly right in enforcing the law and be-lieve the Sunday laws we have are good, and that they ought to be kept on our statute books and rigidly enforced. So said the pagan persecutors to the Jews; so said the papal leaders in the days of the Inquisition; so said the New England Puri-tans to Roger Williams and the Quakers. No, they did not " blubber" over the torture of the rack, the stake and its stifling flames, the saw, the hot irons and the death-dealing sword. No, no, they did not blubber, but they did'glory in their shame and in the sufferings of their victims, in the confiscation of their goods, the breaking up of families, imprison-ments, and the attempt to utterly annihilate liberty of conscience and the individual right to seek the truth. Yes, they said, Let them obey the laws (priesthood) like other decent people, 'and they will be certain not to get into trouble. They also said, Our laws are good; the officers do exactly right in enforcing them, and they should be kept on the statute books. Their actions said this in thunder tones. 0 shades of the bloody Dark Ages! are we hiding under their covering ? are we being led to that hiding place by those bearing the proud name of Baptist, the synonym of free-dom of religious belief and conduct ? The writer has perused the pages of the Indiana Baptist and Journal and Messenger for years, and knows their editors to be loyal Baptists, loyal Christian advocates, loyal Protestants, and loyal citizens of the United States. With such a record how could they forbear to " cry aloud, and spare not," when the " man of sin" is insinuating by sly, slow, but sure methods, his power over this great people? Union of Church and State is his settled purpose, and all his powers are centered toward that end. Now, it is shown much larger than a "man's hand " that Protestants are unwittingly be-coming his allies. For proof, see resolutions of late conventions of Y. P. S. C. E., W. C.  T. U., B. Y. P. U., and nearly every pedo-Baptist gathering in the land, adding also your issue of Aug. 15 as to the enforcement of Sunday laws. Let us analyze: Nine out of ten who believe in keeping the first day, openly, and often shamefully, violate the Bible and statutory laws on sabbath keeping. Over against this, the practice is, that out of fifty arrests, forty-nine are those who conscientiously observe another day as the Sabbath of the Lord. This proves that religious intolerance and persecution is at the bottom of this virtuous spasm of law observ-ance. How easy to deceive ourselves, and be blinded by a one-idea teaching and example! When we succeed in making every one bow to the Sunday law, we will next try to dis-tribute the school fund to parochial schools, starting easy, with the Indian schools. Fol-lowing this, everybody must be christened by a manufactured priest, and a penalty at-. tached for failure to submit. Then come restrictions and burdens laid on us at the dictation of a corrupt, gross, and avaricious Church-and-State power. Tyranny and oppression in all their forms are likely to creep upon us by such hidden pathways as to be unseen till they are on us with an iron grasp, dealing death to their helpless victims. Is it possible that Baptists and other Prot-estants in America can sleep while the monster of popish control is gradually fastening its fangs into the very vitals of our political and religious institutions Šyes, in their blind apathy even hasten the inauguration of his fearful reign ? I have been a Baptist since 1859, breaking loose from a strong Presbyterian training. I am also a Sunday keeper, and have taken for granted the righteousness of Sunday laws, till investigation led me to see in them the be-ginning of civil-law meddling with conscience and religious liberty. This is even more ap-parent than were the errors of Presbyterian-ism, from which I fled as dangerous to the truth. I appeal to you as one who loves to stand by the old " land marks," to stand firmly by the principles of our cherished church, adopting the motto, Religious liberty and non-interference by the State with con-science and religious observance of God's or-dinances. Think of it! While we compel the ob-servance of our sabbath, another compels us to desist from immersion because " vulgar and obscene; " still another requires you to christen your baby or have it and yourself de-barred the blessings due it from Church and State; another demands a tax on, all to sup-port a church, possibly unworthy the name, and with no benefit or virtue as a return. Let us in the light of history study well the points ahead, and ask ourselves whither are we drifting. Free America may be overthrown with six million open enemies within and eighteen million without her borders subject to orders, and twenty million more drowsily indifferent to the issues. Fraternally yours, W. A. STUART. College Place, Wash., Sept. 20. WE believe in a liberal Sabbath, and we have it in the Sabbath which God has given to man. God is the most liberal being in the universe, and in his Sabbath he has given everything that could tend to man's physical, mental, and moral uplifting. He who will keep the Sabbath as God has made it, and as he directs it to be kept (Isa. 58: 13), will have a free and most delightful time upon that day. 