310 THE ANIERICA.N SENTINEL. willing and anxious to protect the rights of all. But the line has been drawn against the first step that points against their disintegration and de-struction. Nine-tenths of the American people will sustain our system of popular education in-tact, and the proportion will never be diminished Time, progress, and civilization are all with the majority in this case. The contest that has been plainly outlined on the school question involves alienations and an-tagonisms among the peoplg of a common coun-try, who have hitherto lived happily together and enjoyed a degree of prosperity unequaled in the annals of time. Under our common schools peoples, of many nations and various creeds have become Americans, brothers in patriotism, sin-cerely respecting each other's religious convic-tions, but free from the most pitiable sentiment that ever dishonored manhood,Šreligious bigotry and narrow intolerance. Moreover, under this system, all forms of religion have evinced a vital-ity that they possess nowhere else. But the man-date has gone forth that there must be strife. It is due to a force that in the interest of society has been repeatedly suppressed by leading nations, and that was once distinguished as a danger by the papal authority, a proposition that lasted for nearly forty years. The same force now controls the destinies of the church, and in undertaking to stem the tide of intellectual progress it has shattered Catholicism in Europe, aggravated the causes that turned Italy against the Vatican, and nearly filished the process of making France in-fidel. It now assumes to revolutionize this gov-ernment by a union of Church and State for educational purposes, a step in the direction of ecclesiastical ascendency.ŠHoof and Horn, the Stockman's Journal of Arizona. Ł Ł. The Sunday Question. OPPOSITION to evil institutions because of their evil effects is, we think, a justifiable procedure ; but opposition to one institution in the spirit of rivalry for the purpose of proselyting to another, is on a par with the act of one individual trying to gain by causing another individual to loseŠattempting to climb up by pulling others down. But the phase of this subject which should stir to vigilance every truly American citizen is the movement back of; and principal to, this Sunday reconnoissance, the Sunday-law movement being but the thin end of the union-of-State-and-Church wedge that is thus insidiously trying to get vant-age-grouad in the nation ; a wedge that if al-lowed to enter in the least will split wide open this Union and baptize our now glorious country in the blood of civil war once more, as surely as Americans love liberty as much as they love life! The reason given by Dr. Crafts for closing thea-ters and saloons may be a good basis for ecclesi-astical law governing the church membership, but, as a reason for State interference, it is naught. To enact and enforce laws that have as their only or their chief object, directly or indirectly, proselytism, is to unite the functions of Church and State, making the latter subservient to the former at that, which is contrary to the principles of this republic and the spirit of this nation. If attendance at theaters and saloons on Sunday are crimes as man against man, then abate them by law for that reason; if the theaters and sa-loons are simply successful rivals of the churches, that is the church's, and not the State's affair, and they should compete with these counter-attractions as best they can. Rev. W. D. Gray, secretary of the Missouri Sabbath Union, an auxiliary of the American Sabbath Union, defines the object of this organi-zation as follows:Š " I do not believe that governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed, and so the object of this movement Ito secure Sunday leg-islation] is an effort to change that feature of the fun-damental law 1 " Is this not striking at the vitals of the republic ? Is there no impending danger to our country when within is a powerful national association with auxiliaries in nearly every State plotting and working, confessedly, to "change that feat-ure of the fundamental law" which constitutes this a free country ? Destroy the American prin-ciple of "governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed," and the chief corner-stone of the republic is destroyed, and in its place substituted the chief corner-stone of monarchism, viz., "the divine right of kings ; " and our hundred years' "experiment" will have proved a failure, to the great delectation of the monarchists who have been prophesying that re-sult, and the hopes of liberty-loving people every-where will be blasted. Anarchism may threaten us, but compared with the insidious National Reform foe, anarch-ism is simply likiputian. "No danger 1 " say many; but well do we remember the same delu-sive assurance in 1860-611 Let everyone who has at heart the perpetuity of the basic principles of our government, and the liberties they vouchsafe alike to all loyal citi-zens, beware of being entrapped by this "Sabbath union " scheme of the State-church party. In-vestigate thoroughly before signing any petition, however innocent it may appear at a first super-ficial view. Remember that " eternal vigilance is the price of liberty."ŠSilver Gate, August 24. Will They Compromise? THE California Prohibitionist argues thus in favor of a Sunday law "To Prohibitionists, especially, should it commend itself, inasmuch as it grants us one-seventh of what we are after, and puts in our hands the necessary legal appliances for enforcement. That this is a great gain over the unrestricted reign of the saloon, not only in its direct results, but also in its indirect influ-ence, as an example of the benefits of prohibition, admits of no question. We do not contend that Sun-day prohibition and Sunday rest is the end for which we should strive ; but if we can secure it incidentally, we believe it will hasten the day of our final victory, and so prove a blessed factor in the advance-ment of sobriety and good government." We do not see how Prohibitionists can take such ground as this. They very properly oppose high license on the ground that it is a compro-mise measure. Is not Sunday closing the same? There is scarcely an argument used against high license which cannot be urged with equal force against Sunday closing of saloons. When it has once been introduced, those liquor sellers who are able to remain in the business are all in favor of high license because it gives them a monopoly of the business, and already some saloon men have declared in favor of Sunday closing, for the reason that it gives them a day off each week without materially reducing their receipts. The most of those who want to drink on Sunday will procure their liquor on 'Saturday if they know that they cannot get it on Sunday, and we would not be surprised to see erelong many of the liquor men wheeling into line for a Sunday law. Indeed, this has already been foreshadowed by the sug- gestion made in a Sunday-law convention in San Francisco, that the saloon keeper should "have a chance to rest on the Sabbath." Certainly, why not? And we have seen it plainly stated by at least one Prohibitionist in a so-called Prohibition paper, that if the saloons would close on Sunday it would be about all that could be reasonably asked. A Peculiar Sabbath. W. F. CRAFTS, field secretary of the Ametkaa Sabbath Union, who is traveling about the country establishing auxiliary State unions, has again visited Omaha to see what progress the society he established here two months ago is making. At the only meeting held by that organization, Bishop Worthington was elected temporary chairman and T. H. Taylor secretary. Since then the society has slept the sleep of the just. The national union has been in operation two years, and Mr. Crafts prides himself in having started auxiliary societies in nearly every State in the country. Some of the alleged evils he is fighting are the running of Sunday trains, and the issuing of wicked Sunday-morning papers. Mr. Crafts endeavored to infuse a little life into °the local organization at the Y. M. C. A. rooms at 3 r. ir., and this evening he will deliver a lecture at the same place on the proper observ-ance of the Christian Sabbath. No admission fee will be charged, but a collection will be taken up.-0ozaha Bee, Sept. 25, 1889. IN discussing the Sunday-law question the California Prohibitionist says:Š "That the provisions of the proposed law may not oppress any who conscientiously and honestly ob-serve another day of the week as a day of rest, all such are to be excepted from its application. Under these circumstances it would certainly seem as though the movement were worthy of the support and co-operation of all good citizens." This is only to say that those who observe a day other than Sunday should join those who observe that day in forcing it upon those who have no religious regard for any day. But that would only be to violate the golden rule, for no man would wish to have another compel him to keep a day which he did not wish to observe and for which lie had no feelings of reverence. The seventh-day observer who admits for a moment the propriety of a Sunday law with an exemption clause in his favor grants, though it may be un-wittingly, the right of the State to legislate upon the subject, and in so admitting gives his case away, for it is as plain as the noonday sun that if the State has the right to coerce the unbeliever and compel him to keep Sunday, it has the same right to require the same thing of the Jew and the seventh-day Christian. .•  . .- THERE is merit in the order of the Secretary of the Navy that hereafter when the flag of the nation is raised at morn and lowered at sunset in the nation, the representatives of the navy pres-ent shall face the colors and salute, and if bands are on the ships they shall greet the flag with the musk of national airs. These ceremonials are disciplinary, will daily renew the sentiment of the flag, and impress more and more deeply respect for the symbol4pu liberties. It must have, also, an impressive effect upon lookers-on. It is a simple and proper observance, and that the salutation to the flag should have so fallen into disuse as to necessitate this new order, proves the need for it. Sacramento Daily Record- Union. 