314 CA_N SIEN1PINTIE.11Lle Vol,. 10, No. 40. with wonder and growing admiration, and no nation counts itself able to make war with her. Germany, the strongest nation of Europe, with the great Bismarck as its leader, has found itself unable to contend against her. The "beast" received his power, and his seat, and great authority, from " the dragon." The latter is identified in chapter 12 as " that old serpent, called the devil and Satan." Verse 9. He it was who sought to devour the man childŠChristŠas soon as it was born. The visible agent in this attempt was Herod, who, as the Roman governor of Judea, repre- sented the empire under which he ruled, and back of the pagan empire, wielding its power for his own purposes, was Satan, "the prince of this world," the real enemy with whom Christ contended. Papal Rome was given the seat of pagan RomeŠthe " eternal city "Što which power and prestige still adhered; which power and prestige, as the papacy developed, rose to a height which far surpassed that exercised by her pagan predecessor. There was given unto "the beast" "a mouth speaking great things and blasphemies." " Great " indeed, are the claims put forth by Rome; and her spiritual pretensions, such as the " infallibility " of her head, the power to forgive sins, to grant indulgences, to bind the conscience, etc., are blasphemies of the truest sort. " It was given unto him to make war with the saints, and to overcome them." Here also papal Rome stands without a rival among earthly powers, as witness the long ages of her relentless madam upon those whom she counted heretics. It is the "mark" of this "beast" which is sought to be enforced upon all by " another beast" arising " out of the earth." And the papacy has a mark, a sign of her authority. She affirms that she has this, and her own words tell us what it is. Looking in her doc-trinal books, we find:Š Q. How prove you that the church hath power to command feasts and holy days ? A. By the very act of changing the Sabbath into Sunday, which Protestants allow of.1  The commands of Rome as regards her feasts and "holy days" are put forth as of binding obligation upon the consciences of men. And the mark of her asserted authority in this respect is "the very act of changing the Sabbath into Sunday"! In another work we find:Š Q. Have you any other way of proving that the church has power to institute festivals of precept ? A. Had she not such power she could not have done that in which all modern religionists agree with her ;--she could not have substituted the observance of Sunday, the first day of the week, for the observance of Saturday, the seventh clay,Ša change for which there is no Scriptural authority.2  The Sabbath, God's own sign of authority, the uplifted badge of papal power!Šnot the true Sabbath, of course, but one of papal manufacture. And there is a method in this madness, a. wisdom which is that of a master-mind. For if the papal claim of power to change the Sabbath day to Sunday be the truth, there is no reason why she should not receive the homage and worship of all men,Šyes, even of the host of heaven; and he who admits the claim cannot consistently refuse the worship. This is evident from the nature of the Sab-bath institution. It is the divine memorial of creation, the-  " sign " of Him who has " An Abridgment of the Christian Doctrine," p. 58. Ex-celsior Catholic Publishing House, 5 Barclay St., New York, 1833. 2"  Doctrinal Catechism," p. 174; Excelsior Catholic Pub-lishing House, 5 Barclay St., New York, 1876. creative power. The possession of creative power distinguishes the true God from all other gods. Ps. 33:6-9; 96:5; Ex. 20:11. The Sabbath is thus the sign of the true God, and by keeping it men show that the true God has their allegiance. This he has him-self declared, in these words addressed to his chosen people " Verily my Sabbaths ye shall keep; for it is a sign between me and you throughout your generations, that ye may know that I am the Lord that doth sanctify you." Ex. 31:13. This statement of the purpose of the Sabbath is repeated in Eze. 20: 12, 20. And therefore, had the papacy such power as she claims, and of which her change of the Sabbath is her own sign, she would stand su-perior to God himself, since the actual change by one power of the laws or ordinances of another power, is evidence of the superiority of the former over the latter. The seventh-day Sabbath is the appointed sign, or mark, of the power and authority of the Creator. The first-day sabbath is the ac-knowledged sign of papal power and author-ity, her change of the Sabbath being by her own testimony, entirely without scriptural warrant. This false sign is the " mark " of " the beast," against which is uttered the fearful warning of Rev. 14: 9-11. And now, with the light of truth before them concerning God's Sabbath, as it is being everywhere proclaimed by Seventh-day Ad-ventists and others, men are being forced to choose between the Sabbath of God and that of the papacy, by laws which command the observance of the first day of the week. By those laws, when rigidly enforced, the papal sabbath,Šthe mark of Rome's asserted authority and power over the conscience,Šwill be forced upon all who yield obedience to them; and all such will, by this obedience, acknowledge allegiance to the papacy, and become worshipers of "the beast," and re-ceivers of his "mark." When the present Sunday laws of this coun-try, and other more oppressive ones that will be made, shall be enforced, there will be in this land a fully-developed and living "image" of the papacy, even of what she was in former daysŠa Church-and-State power making use of the civil arm to enforce religious dogmas under. the penalties of " the law." This is the dark goal to which this country, spite of its Constitution and Declaration of Independence, its wise and noble forefathers, and the principles of liberty and justice be- queathed to it, is now hastening. The prophet on Patmos' isle beheld in his vision " another beast, coming up out of the earth," having " two horns like a lamb," yet speak-ing "as a dragon." " Time's noblest off-spring "Šand his lastŠappeared in the field of prophetic vision to close up the drama of human history; there to do a work which. be-lied its lamblike appearance,Ševen to con-tinue the oppression and persecution of God's people to the bitter end. He saw it exercis-ing " all the power of the first beast before him." And how long will it be before we also see in dread reality this same thing? Only so long as will be necessary to set up and put in motion the machinery of religio-political de-sign, now being manufactured on every band, for the enforcement of Sunday observance and other ordinances of " the church." This nation, of lamblike aspect, the refuge for the oppressed of other lands, the chosen standing ground of "liberty enlightening the world,"Šwhich came up not out of the agitated sea of human strife and commotion, amid the overturning of kingdoms, but " out of the earth" like a growing plant, by the settlement  of a new country, is sounding a dragon voice in the ears of those who would honor God by keeping his Sabbath, and preparing to force upon them and upon all, so far as oppressive laws can do it, the " mark" of the " beast" Šthe papal sabbath. It is yet to do " great wonders" and deceive " them that dwell on the earth by the means of those " miracles" which it will have power to do, for the accomplishment of its oppres-sive purposes. The decree is to be made that no man may buy or sell " save he that has the mark; " and finally, that as many as will not worship the image of the beast " should be killed." Rev; 13:13-17. In what has al- ready been done, is contained the pledge of what is yet to be. Such is the national prospect; what is our prospect individually ? What will be our attitude when the crisis comes ? The "law," with its penalty, is a powerful ar-gument, not convincing the conscience, it is true, but sufficing to change the course of many. The question is, Will that ar- gument prevail with you? Will you receive the " mark" in your forehead,.or yield out-ward allegiance by withholding your right hand from labor on the man-made sabbath, as God commands to be done on his holy day? or will the voice of the dragon be drowned in your ears by the solemn and portentious warning of Heaven,Š" If any man worship the beast and his image, and receive his mark in his forehead, or in his hand, the same shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God which is poured out without mixture into the cup of his indignation " ? TEACHING RELIGION IN THE PUBLIC SCHOOLS. THE following from the Daily Sun, St. John, N. B., presents the question of religious instruction in the public schools as viewed by influential church people of Canada, and no-tices the efforts being 'made there to make this proposed feature of public-school teaching teaching an accomplished fact:Š The Church of England is a large and influential body in Canada, and in the absence of information to the contrary, may be assumed to have been fairly rep-resented in the synod meeting at Montreal. It is, therefore, a matter of great significance at the present time that the synod has taken such strong ground in favor of religious instruction in the common schools. The discussion occupied several sessions, covering a great part of three days, and nearly every speaker ex-pressed regret that in the schools so little attention was given to the Scriptures and to religious truth and duty. So far as destructive criticism on this line went there was in the provincial synod almost unanimity. But when it came to positive recommendations, the delegates were not so well agreed. Only a few of those who took part in the discussion would announce themselves in favor of denominational schools as a substitute for the non-sectarian system. Several, however, took the ground that if, as in Ontario, sep-arate schools, with public grants, were permitted to one denomination, they should be allowed to the Church of England. It is, however, recognized by the Episcopalians, as well as by others, that it is impossible to provide a system in this country under which each church would have its own schools, wherever that church has ad-herents. We have too many churches and too few people for this. The system which is to live must admit of the cooperation of all the people in scattered country communities for the purpose of primary edu-cation. In towns and cities, classification by sects is to some extent possible, but even in the largest cities this separation has only gone to the extent of dividing the Roman Catholics from the Protestants. A few members of the synod urged that the distinct doctrines of the Church of England should be taught in the schools, but this, of course, would mean that Episcopalians and other Protestants would not work together. The prevailing feeling of the synod seemed, however, to be that the church should not place her-self in antagonism to or get out of sympathy with the other religious bodies. It was felt that while the 