316 /1414] AMERICAN sENTINEL. made the prison doors to shake and the fetters to fall from him whom Herod had taken, seeing as he did, that he had pleased the people by putting to death James the Just. Nor had this rage abated when Saul of Tarsus haled men and wo-men, committing them to prison, and with letters of authority from the chief priests and the scribes, bent his way to Damascus to carry out his foul designs against the people of God; who also in turn suffered at the hands of the enemies of truth and right, when God had turned the zeal of his mad career to his own glory. Nor does the Bible story of vio-lence close till we have read of the beast which made war with the saints and over-came them; and of the souls under the altar who were slain for the testimony which they held. When we turn our thoughts to the realm of profane history we meet scenes almost too horrid to be credited. Ł Ł Since the declaration of our national in-dependence and the conflict of arms which resulted in the triumph of freedom, both civil and religious, the courts have re-fused to sit in judgment on the consciences of men and women, or pronounce sentence on the faith of any person. None have been compelled by law to worship con-trary to their honest convictions, nor pun-ished for non-conformity to any prescribed form of religion. This is not saying that none have at any time suffered at the hands of their enemies or been disturbed by the ruthless crowd. Some have even suffered violence at the hand of mobocracy while declaring the pure principles of pure Christianity and proclaiming the message of love, of good-will to men. And while yet this great evil may be abating, we can occa-sionally hear of foul threats and even worse, for no other offense than teaching Bible truth. While to-day we celebrate the birth-day of our national independ-ence, and exult in the exercise of civil and religious liberty, there are under ar-rest in one of our noble States of the South a number of persons who hold the seventh day of the week to be the day still required by the great Law Giver to be kept holy rather than the first, and are now languishing in imprisonment for choosing to quietly pursue their daily voca-tion as farmers on the first day of the week after having conscientiously ob-served the seventh day of the week. And it has not been very long, only a few months, since a prisoner convicted at the same court died while his case was pend-ing an appeal. At the present time are pending issues which may terminate in such an amend-ment to the Constitution as to render the passage of an act enforcing Sunday ob-servance constitutional ; indeed some who have given the matter attention, take the position that Sunday laws are now constitutional, basing the state-ment on the recent decision of the Su-preme Court that this is in verity a Christian Nation." Painful as it may be to devoted Chris-tians to witness the utter disregard for the Lord's day exhibited by the masses of our people and by many, too, who profess Christ, it is to be hoped that neither the amendment nor the law will ever be secured; for it will be one step, and a long one, toward the union of Church and State, and if that ever returns, we may forever bid adieu to religious liberty. It  can not be denied that while those now serving out their sentence as above cited are strict observers of the seventh-day Sabbath, at the same time those who care not for either day, but find their own pleasure on that day in all manner of sporting and' gaming, to say nothing of secular labor done, go scot-free. These imprisonments are simply religious per- secutions incited by some portion of the religious populace. I know what I am talking about, for I have heard with my own ears the statements made to those who were seventh-day observers that the law could and would take hold of them for Sunday work. More than this, it only remains, after an official declaration that the Christian religion is the religion of the Nation, for the powers that be to declare which of the many forms of reli- gion in our land is Christian; and if by any means the already most powerful sect in our land is so declared, all the horrors of the past have only to be re-peated. It may not have come to the notice of all of you that the topic of union of Church and State is already under dis-cussion in this boasted land of liberty. Only a few days ago in a town where I was passing through on my way to an appointment, the remark was made, "Union of Church and State is just what we want." Not long since two clergymen were sitting together engaged in conver-sation and a by-passer throwing his in-fluence against the proposed amendment as it was under discussion, when one of these clergymen remarked, " This priest and I get along all right," remarking fur-ther that he saw no evil to come from it. Whereupon the third gentlemen re-marked that if the amendment carried it only meant union of Church and State, and finally the Catholic Church in power. The Protestant clergyman expressed his surprise, but the other coolly replied, " That is just what it means. God de-liver this land from the time when any one sect shall have legal power to enforce adherence to any set of religious prin-ciples." It may be urged that this proposed amendment has for its object only to enforce the observance of Sunday as a rest or holy day, and that it ought to be so observed. No matter how much we might desire that the sacredness of the Lord's day be no longer trampled under foot, just as soon as its observance is en-forced by law, just so soon will the con-sciences of large numbers be trammeled and their religious service dictated; and this is the fatal step toward the union of Church and State. The seventh day is just as sacred to those who believe it to be the Sabbath as is the first to us who constitute by far the greater portion of Christian people, and it would be only subservience to tyrannical power and not acceptable service to God, should they be compelled to observe a rest day that did not have for them the sacredness that should surround the Sabbath. And more, it is not at all likely that if the law ex-isted the wholly irreligious would be pun-ished for disregarding it. It will be only a religious persecution when it is done. To-day when the world is enjoying the festivities of the occasion, and from the platform all over our fair land there is ascending feelings of gratitude for the wonderful liberty we enjoy, and a feeling of security comes to those who listen to the orations of power delivered, yet with  all our boasted liberty there is lurking among us that which if allowed to con-tinue will one day break forth in a storm that will sweep away every vestige of our freedom to worship God according to the dictates of conscience. It therefore stands every American citizen in hand to awake to a proper sense of his obligation to throw his influence on the side of the scale which will preserve the religious liberty which our fair land has so long enjoyed. What Is Americanism? THE act of Congress in closing the World's Fair on Sunday, is denominated by the Philadelphia Protestant Standard as " A triumph of Americanism." With wonder it exclaims, " What a triumph for Americanism ! " It does not, however, seem to be perfectly sure of success, for it says :Š Of course, a good deal yet remains to be done in order to carry out the wish of the House of Repre-sentatives. We do not say that this question is really decided. There are battles yet to be fought. . . . It will be a persistent fight up to the very hour that the Fair opens, and perhaps some time after. . . . What we feel proud over is, that true American spirit and sentiment have defeated the continental idea. . . . Americanism has scored a victory, for which let all patriots be thankful. Now if one may judge from its name, Protestant Standard, this paper should be well posted in the principles of both Prot-estantism and Americanism. The Stan-dard can see the deceitful trickery there is in the crafty designs of Rome to secure control of the schools through Bishop Ireland's plan. It commends the action of the recent Methodist Episcopal General Conference in that they "resolved that they would not receive any more money from Government for educational work," and adds :Š If the Sixteenth Amendment is to become a part of our Constitution, we think the different denom-inations ought to prepare the way by resolving, as our Methodist friends have done, to receive no money from the Government for the promotion of sectarian ends. If Rome is to be throttled and deprived of the power to do harm, the religions bodies must tell Uncle Sam that they will get along without his money. If there is danger in Rome and her ways, why can not the Standard see the danger there is in Protestants going over the very road traveled by her in gaining her position of intolerance and oppression? If there is danger in the methods of Rome, why is there no danger when Protestants adopt the very same methods? or, do these methods become less harmful in the hands of others than when Rome uses them? If the use of the people's money for sectarian purposes, is un-AmericanŠand the Standard evidently thinks it isŠwhy is it not also un-American for the "eleven millions [who] have protested against Sunday opening of the Exposi-tion" to apply to Congress for aid in the furtherance of the desires of some of the sects combined, as against the wishes and protests of the more than fifty millions ? If it is un-American for some of the sects to combine and secure aid from the civil power to enforce a dogma in which these may agree, upon some other religious sects who dissent therefrom, is it not quite as un-American for a faction of these sects to combine and foist by aid of civil power, a dogma of the Church upon the whole country? In reality it is but a faction of the religious element that are responsible for this piece of un-American-ism. They only claim a little over eleven.  