162 AMERICAN SENTINEL.  It will be said, of course, that Lent is for ChristiansŠ"the faithful"Šand not for the heathen at all. But we do not care anything about the theory of Lent. We are considering only the reality of it, and the reality is that Christians can have no possible use for Lent, because (1) it has no sanction in the Word of God, and (2) a Chris-tian acts like a Christian at all times of the year, and not merely during some period of penance. And he finds no penance at all, but only pleasure, in so doing. To seek to gain an indulgence for a life of "question-able amusements" and "worldly pleasures" during the rest of the year, by means of the Lenten penance, is no more Protestant or Christian than to purchase an in-dulgence from the pope direct. Freedom for a Million Slaves. THE Christian Endeavorer is much exercised over the matter of "Sunday slavery" which is alleged to be very.  prevalent in this country. In its March issue it calls for the abolition of this Sunday slavery as the thing of first importance in work for the "rescue of the Sabbath." There are," it says, "over a million people in the United States who are obliged to work on Sunday against their will." If the SENTINEL could but reach this million and more of people, it would say to them in the name and by the authority of Him who rules over all, You are not slaves at all, but free men, if you but will to have it so. We have better tidings for you than those who remind you of your slavery. You need not wait for the success of some movement on their part to set you free by law; you are free already. It-only remains that you should assert your freedom. This, of course, you may not be willing to do; but you can do it if you will; and if you do not, your slavery will be voluntary. Ł You are not compelled to work on Sunday against your will. No one is compelled to do this. You are, at most, only compelled to choose between Sunday work and the prospective suffering of pecuniary loss. But pecuniary loss is not the loss of liberty. The freest in-dividual in the world is liable to pecuniary loss. If you are in slavery, it is only because you do not know that you 'are free. That, indeed, is the common condition of mankind. Freedom, full and complete, has been purchased for all. The great emancipation procla-mation for the race has been issued, over a. name and seal that stand for all power and authority. The only thing necessary for any man is that he shall accept his freedom. If the slaves of the South had refused to accept the freedom offered ;them in the proclamation of President Lincoln,Šif they had chosen to remain just as they were, refusing to believe that they had been set free, or waiting for some law to be enacted compelling them to be free, they might have remained slaves until this day. In some  instances they did, through ignorance, remain in slavery until long after the edict of emancipation went into effect. But the vast majority were willing to take at once the freedom it brought them. They immediately asserted their liberty. But people are very much slower to assert the soul liberty which is just as truly theirs. By the sacrifice on the cross, the Lord Jesus Christ purchased this liberty for every individual of the race, so that it becomes to each a free gift. But a gift profits not unless it is accepted. By accepting this gift, it be-comes the high prerogative of every person to follow always the dictates of his will and conscience. This, of course demands faith in the word of God. It is faith that sustains the individual in asserting his freedom. His will being always to do that which is right, he simply obeys the dictates of conscience as guided by the Word, and leaves the results with God. There is no reason whatever why any Christian should complain of " Sunday slavery." The mere fact of such complaint should be conclusive evidence of the non-Christian character of the complainant. The Christian simply trusts his God and asserts his freedom. Whatever he believes God has commanded, that he does, without reference to any arrangements established by man. Hence he is never without the en-joyment of Sabbath rest. Human customs and regula-tions must, with him, adapt themselves to the precepts of God, and not the precepts of God to the rules of men. And this is the liberty that every individual ought to assert. He must assert it, on the basis on which it is offered, if he is to realize it. If he waits for a law to compel him to realize it, he will not realize it at all. Soul liberty cannot be obtained that way. We say again, there is full and complete liberty for this multitude in " Sunday slavery," for their imme-diate realization, upon the basis God himself has es-tablished for it. God is the Author of liberty and also the Creator of man. He is the God both of the Christian and the gentile. All men should be pointed to that means by which they may know the freedom that God gives, and become forever emancipated.  from soul-slavery. And why should the Christian Endeavorer point them to anything else? 4 14 Ł -4 4 Christian Endeavorers in Conflict. THE camp of error is never long free from divisions. How this is illustrated by the Christian Endeavorers with reference to Sunday, is pointed out by an exchange, as follows:Š "The Christian Endeavorer, of Chicago, which has en-tered upon the task of `rescuing' Sunday from ruin, ac-cording to the 'new discovery' of Mr. Gamble, is almost as severe on the popular notion of ' no particular day,' as it is on us for our adherence to a particular day.' In the February issue we find the following par-agraph:Š " `It is to be hoped that we will hear no more of the 