326 THE AlVfnt'ZICAN El NI N A Non-Religious Basis for Legislation. WHEN we object to Sunday -legislation on Ł religious grounds, we are asked how the right of labor shall be maintained against overwork, and the greed of capital. It is clearly within the province of the commonwealth to enter upon general legislation relative to this question. Where relig-ious regard for any day is lacking, compulsory idleness results in holidayism. This is a univer-sal fact in history. It is evident that legislation, hitherto, has reached little practical' good in solv-ing the problem as between capital and labor. The different phases of that question, regardless of religious considerations, are becoming more and more important, as. well as more intricate. This, and the conflict over the question of legis-lation from a religious standpoint, unite to com- ' pel careful attention to the subject. While it may not be demanded of us to furnish a better basis because we object to the religious basis, we yet suggest the following as helpful toward a so-lution of the problem :- 1. Let the commonwealth and the national gov-ernment undertake a series of inquiries and obser-vations which shall determine what is best for society, apart from religious considerations as to statute regulations relative to labor and time. Something has already been slone in this direc-tion. The investigations on this point which are of value are those reported in 1884 by Carrol D. Wright, with reference to Sunday labor in Massachusetts. This report shows that while there is a large percentage of such labor, it is mainly in connection with the service of one man for another; and that in such service there is Łneither loss of wages nor impairment of health through Sunday labor.. It also reveals the fact that while some of those engaged preferred not to work every day in the week, it was not compul-sory labor in general. It is clear thatt the com-monwealth may not go beyond self-protection in any such legislation. Neither can it -require men to do, from a religious standpoint, those things which religious obligations impose, however desir-able, when such refusal does not interfere with civil government. We need investigations simi-lar to those made by Mr. Wright, throughout, the United States, and extending over a sufficient period of time to give a basis for scientific legis-lation touching these points. Such examination by State and national authority, working in con-cert, is the first essential step toward wise and efficient legislation on this question. As helpful suggestions toward wise-conclusions, we make the following:Š (1) start with the principle that the province of the civil law is protective, in general, rather than compulsory. The largest liberty must be given to individual choice, in order to avoid gov-ernmental tyranny, the dwarfing of individual manhood, and the destruction of individual respon-'sibility. The following suggestions are supported by 'the conclusion which the best thinkers have now reached.' Let there be a "ten-hour law " fixing the limit for a day's work ; all overwork on the part of adults must be left to the individual choice. 2. Guarantee to each man one full day's rest each week. This should be permissible, and protective legislation, and not compulsory. Guar-antee this as a civil right, without reference to religious obligation. Let this guarantee include the right, on the part of each man, to choose the day on which -he will rest. Require the choice to be mutual between employer 40 employe.  If men do not chooselo rest on any day, the law cannot compel them thus to rest any more than it can compel men to eat and drink in accordance with the laws of health. This simple arrangement would allow all who wish to observe any day for religious reasons, full liberty, and full protection in so doing. If neces-sary, let it be supplemented by such protective legislation with reference to religious assemblies as would insure the constitutional right guaran-teed to every man, to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience. Resting from secular business on religions grounds is at once a sacrifice and an act of worship. It should- there-fore be protected, but may not be compelled. The legislation here suggested would make lit-tle disturbance, if any, in the social and business status of things as they now exist. It would cheek the tendency so Marked in certain quar-ters, to return to the pagan theory, of compulsory religious legislation, and to the unavoidable union of Church and State, which must follow such legislation. It would protect labor against the greed of capital, and if, as advocates of stricter legislation insistŠlabor is now the main sufferer in the matter of timeŠit would compel capital to adjust itself to the rights of labor, along this protective line. The laborer would find full relief under such legislation, and crystallized labor in the form of capital would bear the burden, if there were any.ŠThe Outlook. Reasons for Sunday Laws. Mr. Q.ŠDo you favor religious legislation? Mr. R.ŠI do not, except upon the subject of the Sabbath. I believe the State should make and enforce Sunday laws. Mr. Q.ŠWill you be so kind as to tell us why you would single out this' particular point of re-ligion and make it a subject of State legislation? Mr. R.ŠAlthough Sunday is a. religious insti-tution I do not regard a Sunday law as a law upon the subject of religion. The State only enforces it as a civil institution. Mr. Q.ŠWill you please to tell us by what process of reasoning you can prove that labor on Sunday to be uncivil ? Mr. R.ŠYes, sir. Common labor on Sunday disturbs the quiet of the day, and it is wrong. Mr. Q.ŠWill you please to *tell us whether Sunday is more quiet than other days in the week as far as nature itself is concerned? Mr. R.ŠOf course it is not. But you know that Sunday is the day upon which people rest from their work and attend meeting. Mr. Q.ŠBut why do they choose this particu-lar day for rest and worship? Mr. R.ŠBecause they believe the Scriptures require them to do So. Mr. Q.ŠDo you think it is a religious duty that you owe to God to do this, or is it-only a civil duty that you owe to the State? Mr. .R.ŠYou have the advantage of me as you have given the subject more' thought than I have. But if we had no Sunday law we could not hold religious serviceon Sunday at all. Mr. Q.---Why-could you not hold services even if some persons were at work ? Mr. R.-Because the, noise that, their labor would make would disturb 'us so we could not peaceably hold our meetings. Mr. Q.ŠYou say the noise would disturb your worship'. I would ask you if the Worship-ers do not sing and the minister talk quite loud?  Would you have the State make -a law to pro-hibit this noise? Mr. R:ŠNo, sir, that kind of noise does not disturb us. That is-an essential part of the wor-ship. Mr. Q.ŠDo you have family worship each day ? If so would you have the State make a law to have all business stop a certain hour each day so people could have a quiet hour for family worship? Mr. kŠThe other days in the week are secu-lar and of course noise on those days does not disturb us in our devotion. Mr. Q.ŠDoes your church hold protracted meetings some times in which you hold religious services every day in the week ? Mr. R.ŠYes, sir. What of it ? Mr. Q.ŠDo you have everybody in the com-munity cease all business while your, protracted meetings continue ? Mr. RŠYou have the advantage of me. Mr. Q.ŠThen you see that the noise of com-mon toil is not uncivil on any day of the week except on the day you think should be religiously observed. As ,you see this then, you can see that your objection to common labor on Sunday arises wholly from your religious convictions, and that all Sunday laws are religious, laws and relate wholly to an establishment of religion. Mr. R.ŠI may have been wrong in present-ing the subject from the standpoint that I have. I see that I have been favoring a Sunday law wholly from a religious consideration, and that I was doing this because of the idea that the day is a sacred aky. Mr. Q.ŠI have observed the seventh day of the week as the Sabbath of the Lord for more than twenty-one years. During all this time I have gone to the house of worship regularly on that day, and yet I have never asked my neigh-bors to refrain from labor on that day because I went to worship on that day. Mr. Q.--But there were so few of you. Mr. R.ŠYes, sir. We are not many, and be-cause we are few, there is all. the more people at work making a noise while we are at worship. Yet we keep the day to the Lord, and our wor-ship is not disturbed, for we realize that we are rendering unto God the things which belong to God, and if others do not choose to do so it is none of our business. We have often been puzzled to understand how it is that the conscience of a person can be so badly disturbed because he may happen to see or hear someone working on Sunday, and yet that same person makes no scruple about dis-turbing his neighbor who keeps another day, al-though he professes to observe the golden rule and love his neighbor as himself. Mr. R.ŠI had not thought of the matter from that standpoint. I will give this subject more careful thought. Wm. COVERT. Ł Ł THE Tucson Star says that- Columbia " offers to pay the traveling expenses of everybody from here who will settle there, give him $6.00 a month, 250 acres of land, a cow, two pigs, a plow, and help him build a house." Yet there was a bigger rush to Oklahoma-  in one day than in 365 days to, Columbia. If Cohnphia woktjcl, adopt our na- - tional Constitution-1Pat'S*Is, .before the-Na-tional Reformers-get hold of it, offering the free exercise of rdligicn, it would not take long to fill up her valleys. The human Tind Values liberty of conscience far above pigs and cows IŠMoral and Scientific Companion., 