36 THE A.A1-1,10A_N- bestowed by the CreatorŠand all had an equal claim on governmental protection,Šreligious belief in no way affecting such a claim either pro or con. " These views of toleration," says Sparks, "and of the connection between religion and government, are often repeated both in his private and public writings." Writ-ings of Washington, Vol. 12, appendix, page 404. From these views, from a conservative standpoint, we can see how clearly and how thoroughly were the ideas of religious liberty implanted in the minds of Amer-ican statesmen a century ago. And it is only by standing uncompromisingly upon these American principles that we can successfully oppose the threatened dangers of Sunday laws and religious teaching in public schools. W. A. BLAKELY. Christian Politics. THE Christian Nation, the organ of the Reformed Presbyterians, the prime mov-ers in the National Reform movement, has a department devoted to " Christian Politics," conducted by Prof. W. J. Cole-man, Professor of Political Science, in their denominational college. At the head of this department, in their issue of December 9, is the following :Š God, who is the source of all authority, has ap-pointed our Lord Jesus Christ the ruler of nations. The Bible, God's revealed will, contains law for nations, and is the standard by which all moral is-sues in political life are to be decided. National ac-knowledgment of this authority, and obedience to this law, constitute a truly Christian nation. Where is the Bible warrant for this statement ? Christ says very plainly, John 18 : 36, " My kingdom is not of this world." Then any scripture that would convey the idea that he is king of the na-tions, must be made to apply to a time in the future beyond "this world." For nothing could be plainer than his state-ment, " My kingdom is not of this world." Further, where is there a scripture which teaches us to take the Bible as a standard for "all moral issues in political life " ? The Bible is a standard to the Chris-tian in every form of life, and it can -be to none other. And for the Christian to undertake to intrude it as a standard of "political life" is simply to compel con-tempt for the very book the teachings of which he is trying to advance. Have we not had enough of this old idea that we must compel men to believe and think  according to some man-made standard ? For when the Bible is set up as a standard and the civil power attempts to compel the observance of its teachings, it is not the Bible, but their ideas of it, that are thus being imposed upon the people. And it is a sorry thing for the country that so much of this sixteenth century rubbish is being brought out and ardently advocated. But how about that " Christian nation"? "National acknowledgment, and obedi-ence to this law constitute a truly Chris- tian nation," so says the quotation. Has this Nation ever made any such acknowl-edgment ? Most assuredly not. Then according to the above definition, this is not a " Christian Nation." Yet all these National Reformers are constantly urging measures upon us, because, they say, we are a Christian. Nation. When it serves their purpose best, they insist that we are a Christian Nation, but at other times they manufacture definitions that show us not to be such at all. While in reality it takes more than simple definitions or assertions to make either Christians or Christian nations. A. 0. TAIT. "Not a Religious Hierarchy." TEE New York Voice, the leading or-gan of the Prohibitionists, has been mak- ing some very severe criticisms of the churches and ministers that have not en-dorsed the Prohibition Party movement. The denunciations have been carried so far as to recommend that Prohibitionists withdraw from " such churches and have nothing to do with them." If the Voice correctly represented the sentiment of the Prohibition Party, it could be readily seen that what it proposes to build up is a pure hierarchy. For if a man can do nothing in his church that is out of harmony with the decrees of the political bosses; what is it but a political party domineering over the consciences of men in matters of reli- gious faith ? .But it is a source of encour-agement to know that some Prohibition- ists dissent from such theories, as the fol-lowing editorial, with the heading given above, in the Lever, a Prohibitionist paper of Chicago, will show :Š The Lever believes that great harm may come to the cause of prohibition by the intolerant attitude of some of its most devout friends who will not brook the contrary opinion of other men or give excuse. The New York Voice has of late spoken out against the Church as in league with the sa-loon, and from all quarters have come the praises of well meaning men. Urged on by such radical-ism, this authority sets itself up as a high pope, in-fallible in judgment, unerring in reason, and ex-communicates the whole body of 4,000,000 church voters who do not vote as it dictates. The Prohibition Party has nothing whatever to do with the Church. Let the Church purge itself. The Prohibition Party is not the Church. It is time men see these things. There is wickedness in the Prohibition Party, there have been wrong actions, and yet no one makes a stronger protest than Pro-hibitionists when some church or minister attacks our party. The Church has some right to take cog-nizance of wrong in our party, for the Church is an organization which treats of morals, but the Pro-hibition Party has no right to take cognizance of evil in the Church. The party was not organized for reforming the individual but to correct the abuses of the State. If moral betterment comes with it, that is but a result. Too long already has the Prohibition Party gone on the line that its mis-sion was reformation of the individual. With that the party has nothing to do. The party is organized to control government, to fill the offices for the purpose of carrying out cer-tain acts necessary to make what it believes to be the best government. The party in power is the government. In this country Church and State have been declared forever divided. If the party  in power is to prescribe the duty of the Church, then is the State acting for the Church, and the Church is under authority. The Prohibition Party has no right to say what shall constitute the reli-gious belief of any Church. The moment it does that it sets itself up as a religious hierarchy. If the Methodist Church says to license is sin, let the Church attend to its own sinners. The Prohibition Party is not here to punish sinners or lay down a rule of morals. The worst sinner in the United States, if he works and votes for the Prohibition Party, is just as good a Prohibitionist as the saint-liest bishop in any church who votes the same ticket. . . . The welfare of the citizen in the. future world is not the concern of the Prohibition! Party organization. . . . A political party does not offer spiritual advice;: it does not pretend to even favor the Christian reli-gion. A Jew is just as welcome as the Christian; aA pagan or an atheist should be also. Even the! drunkard, if he votes the Prohibition Party ticket;, is a Prohibitionist, and is welcome. The Church is organized for one purpose, a pip,-litical party for another. It is not the object of the! Church to govern in civil affairs ; it is not the ob-ject of the party to govern in religious affairs. This is sober sense. If the principles: here expressed had been understood andt acted upon from the beginning, the liquor. question would be in a fair way to be set-tled to-day, and the manufacture and sale) of all destructive agents soon be under complete control. The Prohibitionists are responsible for their own failure because) of their error in attacking a civil questions from a religious and moral standpoint. The National Reform Scheme. NATIONAL Reformers, so-called, in their energetic and persistent efforts to clothe religious laws and usages with civil power, repudiate the idea of any intention to, unite Church and State, but only to en forcesuch points of religious usages as: are of a purely civil character. When off guard, however, the true animus of their.  scheme comes to the surface. The pilot; wheel of this modern Protestant Jugger-naut is the so-called American Sabbath Union, as an organization best calculated to lead the way to obtain general favor among the people. But when once their purpose has been accomplished, they will stand behind the civil power and clamor for the punishment of dissenters as they who before Pontius Pilate called for the crucifixion of the Son of God. It was the civil power that put Christ to death; but that power would never have shed his blood had it not been for the overwhelming pressure brought to bear upon the Governor by the priests of the popular religion. It has ever been so. The Papacy denies having shed. the blood of the victims of its hate, and charges all the responsibility upon the secular power. Upon this principle it defends itself against all charges of complicity in the horrors of the Spanish Inquisition, and the bloody massacre of St. Bartholomew. On this point, Father Weninger, D. D., a Jesuit missionary, bears the following testimony : Every man who knows anything of Spanish his-tory knows perfectly well that the Spanish Inquisi-tion, so far as it is objectionable, is of purely polit- 