AMERICAN SENTINEL. 67 then what shall become of the Church?Šwhat indeed will become of Christianity? The answer to all this is that keeping herself totally separate from the State, and her work entirely separate from the work and workings of the State and the world, is the only way in which the Church can ever influence the State for good. It is only by being not of the world even as He is not of the world, that Christians can ever influence the world for good. . The Church, the Christian, though in the world, is to be not of the world. The Lord says, "I have chosen you out of the world." "Ye are not of the world even as I am not of the world." As certainly as the Church is in the world, she will influence the world and all that is in it. But the vital question is, shall she influence it for good, or for evil? She will exert a powerful influence one way or the other: which shall it be? The Church will influence the world, the kingdoms, nations, and peoples thereof, when and only when she is faithfully the Church of Christ, walking only as He walked, and when she is not of the world even as He is not of the world. When it is not so with her, she will influence them, that is true; but it will be only to their undoing. The truth is, that the Church has nothing to do with civilization as such. Christians have no commission to civilize the world, nor to preserve civilization in the world. Christianity does not aim to civilize anybOdy. Christianity aims alone at Christianizing men. If civilization were the object and aim of Christianity, then there was no place for Christianity in the place, and at the time, when it was started in the world in the days of Christ on earth. Were not the Jews civilized? Then what had Christianity to do for the Jews, if civilization is its object? But if it be said that the Jews Łwere not up to the proper standard of civilization, then let us turn to the Greeks and Romans. What of them at that time?ŠThey had such a Standing in architecture, art, literature, law, and the science of governmentŠall that pertains to civ-ilizationŠthat the very goal of the most advanced na- tions of to-day is to copy successfully the achievements of those peoples. Therefore we say that if civilization were the object of Christianity there was no place for it at that time within a thousand miles of where it was started in the world. - But what were those people morally, who were so highly civilized? They were heathen. They were civilized heathen. Their "art" was idolatry. Their wisdom was foolishness. Their philosophy was a lie. Their morals were immorality. Amidst all the splendor of their out-ward civilization, at heart they were savages. And to those civilized heathen, those civilized savages in fact, the gospel of Jesus Christ is sent, because they needed it just as much as did the savage heathenŠthe uncivilized savages. But the gospel was not sent to them to civiliie them. It was sent to save them. And  those who were saved, those who were changed in heart, were civilized, however savage they may heave been before. Thus as a matter of fact, the gospel will have much to do in- civilizing people, provided that no effort shall be made by means of the gospel to civilize people. That is to say: If the gospel, which is sent to the world solely to Christianize men, shall be used only to civilize men, then it will not even civilize men. Whereas if the gospel shall be used solely to Christianize men, it will indeed Christianize men, and, as a consequence, will civilize them. Therefore Christians are not to aim at civilizing men, solely at Christianizing them. Christians are not to seek to civilize men in order to Christianize them. Christians are not to seek to Christianize men in order to civilize them. Christians are to seek to Christianize men solely in order to save them: and when that is done the civilizing will take care of itself. Let all the power, all the zeal, and all the effort of all these professed Christian organizations, be turned with all the mind and all the soul only to Christianizing peo7  ple. Then they and the world too will find that they are influencing the city, the State, the nation, and the world only for good. While to continue as they are going, will be only to influence all for unmitigated\ evil. A Menace to Republican Government. Ł THERE ,is nothing unusual in the fact that some of the leading representatives of wealth and fashion in the nation's metropolis are about to amuse themselves and at the same time accent their standing in "society" by means of a fancy-dress ball, at a cost of a quarter of a million of dollars. Ostentatious wealth has long been wont to manifest itself in this way. The noteworthy feature in the present instance is not the event itself, but its materalization in the face of an all too necessary dis-play of direful and widespread poverty. The gaunt spectre of desperate human want stalks through the land, and extravagant luxury dares to dis-play herself almost at its side. If the former should turn upon the latter, there would be no occasion for surprise. It is said in defense of this extravagant affair that it has furnished a large amount of extra employment to costume makers, which is no doubt true. And it is bet-ter, of course, that the money should be spent in some way than hoarded in vaults. But there is little-or noth-ing in this to offset the effect of such a flaunting of super-fluous wealth in the face of destitution. Probably no worse method could be taken of letting the army of poverty know that they stand in close proximity to al-most limitless wealth, which its holders prefer to spend in the most useless manner rather than apply it to their relief. The situation has attracted attention even in Europe; 