IhBittlAltY 8, 1894. 4 warrant and bond cannot be reviewed here. Having settled the case on the ground that no writ of error lies to this court in the case, the Court of Appeals, for fear  that some doubt may rest as to their views of the main issue attempted to be raised to the validity of the arrest under the constitutions of the State and the United StatesŠthe Court of Appeals says that the law complained of is not in violation of these codes of or-ganic law. Numerous decisions sustain this view, and nature, experience, and observation suggest the pro-priety and necessity of one day of rest, and the day generally adopted is Sunday. There will always be differences as to how the day shall be spent, but the advantage is too apparent to doubt. In interpreting these differences we must not place unreasonable constructions upon them; but a man, if he defies the law of the State, must expect to be pun-ished. If the position of the plaintiff be correct, then the law prohibiting the sale of liquor on Sunday, etc., is unconstitutional, as would be most, if not all, of our laws concerning Sunday. The court says that Sunday has been observed as a day of rest from the foundation of the State, and cites Kilgore vs. Mills et at. (6 G. and J., 274, and 11, Maryland, 313) to prove the position, and it says the laws are looking to a still surer making of the day a day of rest. Writ of error quashed, with costs. It will be seen that the court went out of its way to sustain the Sunday law of the State of Maryland. There remains but one course for Maryland Adventists, namely, to disobey the law " and quietly suffer the penalty." This is the course advised by President Fairchild in his work on moral philosophy, in such cases, and it is the course which has been pursued by the servants of God in all ages. This was the course pursued by the three Hebrews when commanded to worship the golden image in the plain of Dura. Dan. 3 :1-26. The prophet Daniel pursued the same course when forbidden by royal decree to offer any petition to any god or man for thirty days, save of the king only (chapter 6); and the same course was likewise fol-lowed by the apostles when forbidden by the magistrates to speak in the name of Jesus. Acts 4 and 5. We are not to resist rulers, neither are we to obey them when to do so is to sin against God. We are to obey God and take the conse-quences. Sunday Here and There. [These items are taken from the column of "News Worth Telling " in the Christian Statesman of January 27, and are given just as they appeared there except that we call the pagan holiday by its proper name, " Sunday," instead of dubbing it " Sabbath," as does the Statesman. The Lord says, " The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God ; " and we are not going to say that the first day is the Sabbath. " Thou shalt not follow a multitude to do evil."] A COMMITTEE of five Episcopal clergy-men, in Providence, R. I., was recently appointed to consider the better enforce-ment of the laws against the desecration of Sunday. At the persistent solic- itation of the workmen, the Holyoke paper mills have ceased to run on Sunday. The mills will stop at midnight Saturday and start at midnight Sunday. Eight thousand candy, cigar and other stores are open in Philadelphia on Sunday. A peti-tion signed by nine hundred voters was prepared by the Philadelphia Sabbath Association and presented to the mayor on last Friday asking that all stores, except those provided for in the act of 1794 as necessary, shall be closed on Sunday.  A canvass of the new city council of To-ronto shows a majority against the resub-mission of the Sunday street car question to a vote this summer. In his address at the last annual meeting of the Ameri-can Sabbath Union, Rev. Plum of Boston, charged the secularization of public thought on the Sunday question mainly upon the Sunday newspapers. The Congregationalist states that the custom of giving quiet dinner parties on Sunday  evening is increasing especially in our cities. This custom must cease if the Sunday is to remain. Comparatively few persons who break the Sunday laws are prosecuted; and yet $1,996 were paid into the sinking fund of the Pennsylvania treasury from such fines during the year 1893. If all cases of Sunday breaking were fined, such as railroads and others, the.State treasury would be filled. The Theocrat of Johnstown, boldly asserts that the Sunday-travelling habit of many ministers, leading Christians, camp meet-ing projectors and managers, are among the chief promoters of Sunday breaking. If the religious press of our land would ring out with the clarion voice of our con-temporary of the Conemaugh Valley this accusation could not long be truthfully made. At the request of the Evangeli- cal Alliance, all the ministers of St. Louis preached Sunday, Jan. 14, on " The Ob-servance of the 'Lord's day' in Secular Matters." This was the result of the letter sent to the alliance by the Retail Clerk's Association concerning Sunday opening of which we made mention last week. A Positive Force. A WRITER in the News has been dis-cussing the question, " Is Protestantism a mere negation ?" The answer to such a question must depend very much upon the signification given to the term " Prot-estantism." If by that word is meant only what is seen in the most of that wor-ship which differs in form from Catholi-cism, it may be doubtful whether it is a "mere negation" or not. Certainly a large part of it is not much more than this, and is so rapidly identifying itself with Ro-manism that it will soon cease to be even that. But if by that term we mean the faith of men like Luther, Wycliffe, and others who in former times earnestly con-tended against Rome for "the faith once delivered unto the saints," and of the few who are contending in like manner to. day, then the question may be answered with an emphatic negative. Protestantism is not a mere negation, but a positive and most powerful force. True Protestantism is something very different from a mere denial of the errors of popery. It is a denial of those doc-trines, just as truth is always a denial of error, although this is not the proper way to speak of truth. Truth comes first and error afterwards, so that error is a denial of truth, rather than truth a denial of error. And this is all error is; but truth is a positive, living force. It stands alone, beautiful and complete in itself, ignoring all error, and clothed with the power and life of Him who gave it birth. True Protestantism is the gospel of God. It is " Protestantism " only because of the protest of the princes whose faith led them to stand out against the corrupt commun-ion of Rome. It is a belief, a faith. It was not created by the protest of the princes, but only acquired by that a new .name. It existed long before " Protes-tantism," as a name, was known; long before there was any occasion for such a name. It existed, indeed, from all eter-nity; for the gospel of God is the "ever-lasting gospel," being " the power of God unto salvation to every one that believ-eth." Rom. 1 : 16; Rev. 14 : 6. The only protest that is needed against Rome's errors is the proclamation of this gospel, this power of God unto salvation. This is the most effective protest that could be made, for the straightforward proclamation of divine truth is the best barrier that can be raised across, the path of the error that denies it. The worst thing that can happen for error is to be' contrasted with the truth. The worst thing that can happen for popery,Šthe power of the pope and the priest and the,  virgin unto salvation,Šis to be contrasted with the power of God unto salvation, which is the gospel. This gospel can be proclaimed without any reference to popery whatever, and still be just as strong and effective a protest against it. But the adherents of the papacy wish to make it appear that Protestantism is some-thing dependent upon popery, a mere denial of the doctrines of popery, and therefore something which could not have existed without it. They wish it to ap-pear that popery was first, and Protes-tantism came after it. But it is only the name that came after it, and not the principles. Popery is the thing that de-nies, and not Protestantism. Gospel truth was first in the field; it was there from all eternity. It was preached to the children of Israel in the wilderness (Heb. 4 :1, 2); it was preached by the apostles eighteen hundred years ago; it was preached by a faithful few in the Dark Ages; it is preached by the " remnant " of Christ's followers to-day. The gospel is not on the defensive; it does not care for popish innovations; but now, as ever, it calmly and majestically pursues its way to every nation and people and tongue, being " the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth." The gospel is a positive force; it is an infinite force. Popery cannot stop it, nor any other power that can be brought against it. This is the force which is in the true religion, the true Protestantism. It is a force which lives and works in indi- viduals, in the Word of God which abides in the hearts of Christians. If your reli- gion does not contain this force, it is not the gospel of God. If your heart does not feel this power, if your life does not manifest it, you are not yet in the way of salvation.ŠPresent Truth, London, Eng. The Sabbath That Christ Kept. CHRISTIANITY is based on the redemp-tion work of Christ. Man had broken God's law in Eden and the curse of a broken law hung over humanity. A law was made at Sinai and written on tables of stone of which God said: " Ye shall therefore keep my statutes and my judg-ments, which if a man do he shall live in them." Man failed to obey this law so help was laid on One who was mighty and able to save to the uttermost. In the full-ness of time when God's purpose had matured, which he purposed before the world began, he sent forth his Son, made of a woman, made under the law, that he might redeem them that were under the law. His office was to magnify the law and make it honorable. This he did by living a life of perfect obedience to it in every jot and tittle, and he proved it to be "holy and just and good." Holiness is sinlessness. Sin is the trans-gression of the law, so holiness is perfect obedience to the law. Christ was holy and as such was acceptable to God, and as such was fitted to become a sacrifice for sin. Had Christ not obeyed the law perfectly he would have been a sinner. " The wages of sin is death." Had Christ sinned 