792 AMERICAN SENTINEL. THE English people are paying the price of empire, and are finding it exceedingly costly. What they can receive that will compensate for the terrible loss of_life and other items of the heavy 'price that is being exacted from them to-day, must be stated by such as are wise' enough to know. But it is plain to all that empire is a; costly thing for the common people, and the lesson is not untimely for the people of the United States. * * * STATE Superintendent of Schools Jackson, of Lin-coln, Neb., has decided that the Bible may be read in the public schools. * Or the governments which participated in the Peace Conference at The Hague last summer, twenty five have ratified the treaty formulated by that body for the cre-ation of a permanent tribunal of arbitration. SUNDAY golf will be prohibited on the links of the Homewood Country Club, Chicago. This golf club is one of two in Chicago that has placed itself on record as opposed to Sunday golf. * * * A FUND has been raised by the Christian Endeavor Union of Mount Vernon, N. Y., for a general crusade against the immoral conditions of the city. We hope they will not mix up religious questions with those mat-ters that should be attended to by the city council and the police. * * * MAYOR Maybury, of Detroit, having failed to en-force the law against Sunday liquor selling in that city as certain of the Detroit clergy thought he should have done, a delegation of the latter called recently upon Governor Pingree with the request that he take steps to oust the mayor from office. * * THE annual meeting of the Woman's National Sab-bath Alliance was held recently in the Fifth Avenue Pres. byterian Church of this city, and was well attended. Mrs. D. R. James is president of the Alliance, and sev-eral women of social prominence are upon its list of vice-presidents. In its work the alliance is closely iden-tified with the National Reform Association. * * * IT is proposed in Virginia to call a constitutional convention some time in 1901, for the primary purpose of withdrawing the franchise of citizenship from the negro. In a press statement from Richmond it is re-ported that a bill "along the line foreshadowed here" will soon be introduced in the legislature. The object of the bill will be to get rid of the "illiterate negro vote," in order to insure "white supremacy." An empire always feels bound to grow and keep on growing, with every opportunity for expansion, legiti-mate or otherwise. And the common people are ex-pected to furnish the men and the money necessary to. this costly process. * Ł At the present time it would seem that the British empire has in this endless process of expansion reached a condition dangerously near the limit of its power of cohesion. It may have to fight its hardest battles to keep from being broken up and obliterated as a world power. The worst effect of its reverses in South Africa, is not the loss directly occasioned to its forces there, or even the prolonging of the war; but the impression of weakness that is conveyed by them to the other nations of Europe. Russia and France will now be much more likely to begin some aggression on Great Britain's Afri-can or Asiatic possessions than they were before. * THIS candid statement concerning the conquest of the Philippines is made by the New York Journal of Commerce:Š "We appropriated Porto Rico and the Philippines for our own interests. We have pretended nothing else. Civilization is not charity or philanthropy, but it is good for the world; it is even good for people who accept it with reluctance and at the point of the bayo-net." * * * A RESOLUTION of sympathy for the Boers in their struggle for independence was introduced in the Senate of the United States by Senator Mason, of Illinois, and in the House of Representatives the following resolution to the same end was introduced by Congressman Jett, of the same State:Š "WHEREAS, the people of the United States are, and have been from the time of gaining their independence,. a patriotic and liberty-loving people, and at all times opposed to oppression, and have regarded with sympa-thy the struggles of other people to free themselves from domination and oppression, therefore, be it "Resolved, That the House of Representatives of the United States watches with deep and abiding interest the heroic struggle of the people of the South African republic against cruelty and oppression, and it is our desire and hope that they may achieve their independ-ence in the present struggle in which they are engaged." 