250 AMERICAN SENTINEL. to the unanimous opinion of the civilized world, which says to us this: 'If you want to reform you must spend your money in useful things of this world instead of spending it in religious mummery, bishops, canons, friars, monks, Jesuits, and other people, who are worth-less for the realities of life. If you want to be free and independent, you must be educated, and thus escape hypocrisy and fanaticism; you must learn political econ-omy; you must govern yourselves morally; you must take liberty, justice, and science for your idols. If you will not do this we will divide up your territory among ourselves, for in this world those who are not free, just, and educated cannot be independent.' "The Spanish press is continually citing the opinions of European politicians. Here is what au eminent writer of Bolivia says in an article that has been widely copied by the American newspapers:Š " 'No, it is not the brutal cannon of the Yankee that is to kill SpainŠit is the friar, it is that sword whose hilt is in Rome and whose point is everywhere; and the one to give the friar his coup de grace is the spirit of the New Age, the sword of democracy. The refulgent ray of liberty is now passing over Spain. Rise to the emer-gency, ye American nations who are fettered to cleri-calism!' "Why are England, Germany, and the "United States strong? Why is Russia progressing and enlarging its domains at a fabulous rate? Because they are nations emancipated from clericalism. Why is France rolling and pitching in the tempestuous sea of politics? Because she carries clerical ballast. "And clericalism need not be confounded with reli-gion. That is the trick of the clergy, and the unthinking Catholic herd are easily duped by it. Germany, Russia, and England are religions nations, but what has religion to do with clericalism? "Religion, so far as it represents ideas, traditions, beliefs, philosophy, sentiment, is respectable and attrac-tive. When it is converted into power and theocra cyŠinto an absorbent and despotic power which seeks to govern, guide, and exploit a man's whole life-  in public and private, in little things and great, which throttles thought in an iron band and presumptuously arrogates the civil power to itself, under the pretense of having au-thority thereto from GodŠthen this so-called religion is a hateful and devilish thing; it brutalizes communities, degrades men, and drags nations down to poverty, ruin and disgrace. "Here is what the Founder of the Christian religion himself said, and heretics indeed must those people be who oppose his words while claiming to be religious: `Render unto Csar what is of Cwsar and unto God what is of God.' It is no business of God to dominate and subjugate; it is no business of God to use powder and lead against any one; nor is it a God-like business to take possession of the riches of the earth, to wear purple, gold, and precious stones, to keep the people in ignorance, to make a system of double-dealing, to set up hierarchies with despotism on top and craven servility underneath. For all this simply corresponds to the le-gendary spirit of evil, personified in the devil. "Will our nation open its eyes to reason and com-mon sense? "Let it not be said that Spain is poor, and for that reason a rapid regeneration is out of the question.  Spain is rich, but it uses its riches to be on gdod terms with God while it is on very bad terms with itself and with the other nations of the earth. It is like thefanatic hidalgo who gives his gold to the priest to save his soul and meanwhile starves himself bodily and mentally and lives without the comforts and sanitary surroundings that befit his rank. Hopelessly crack-brained, the poor fellow does not see that while he is sacrificing himself to be all right with God, the man who claims to represent God on this earth is waxing fat amid unwonted luxury, enjoying the pleasures of the flesh to satiety, and laying up treasures for his own. The spiritual part of the mass satisfies the hidalgo; the material part fattens the priest. "The regeneration of Spain must rest on these im-movable bases: the absolute independence of the state; the limitation of the church to its Christian mission; the appropriation for governmental purposes of those immense resources on which the clergy, the monastic orders, and the Jesuits now depend; absolute liberty of conscience. "Without applying these principles, all the rest would be simply taking the body of a miserable consumptive and covering it with bright-colored ribbons and fancy trappings so it would look fair to the eye. "The plague-spot is inside. The microbe is well known. All the doctors in the world are pointing it out to us, and they agree unanimously." Christianity and Federation. "WE believe," says the Christian Citizen (Chicago) "the day is not distant when there will be a federation of Christian people of all creeds and denominations under some such name as Christian Citizenship League, or Christian League, with some such motto as the organiza-tion has with which we are working." But what have Christian people to do with "federa-tion"? Federation is not Christian union. Christian union is unity, established and mained by the agency of the Holy Spirit. It is plainly declared in that Word which is authority to all Christians, to be even such unity and oneness as exists between the divine Father and his Son. It is a most important feature of the Christian system. Where it is lacking, there can be only a semblance of Christianity, and not Christianity itself. Federation, therefore, does not serve the purpose of Christianity. Yet it is to hold together a "league" which claims to be Christian. But when an organization professedly Christian is held together by an earthly bond of union rather than the heavenly bond expressly pro-vided bythe Lord and set forth in his Word as indispen-sable for all Christians, we may be certain there is some-thing wrong. We may be sure such a "league" is going to do something not in the line of Christian work. We believe with the Christian Citizen that this league is coming. But when it does come, will it mark an ad-vanced, or a retrograde, position for the churches en- 