AMERICAN SEN TIN EL. 705 come the 62 weeks of which we have already spoken. After its fulfillment ,the prophecy says, 'Messiah shall be cut off, but not for himself.' Thus Daniel foretold the death of Christ for all men over 500 years before his ad-vent to earth. We have now seen how the 69 weeks were fulfilled; but 70 were cut off on the Jews, so that one more week still waits to which to fit the historical fulfillment to the prophet's specifications." "The 27th verse says, 'And he shall confirm the cov-enant with many for one week, and inŁ the midst of the week he shall cause the sacrifice and the oblation to cease.' For the last seven years of the time, the gospel was preached by Christ and his disciples among the Jews. At the end of that time the nation by an act of the San-hedrim rejected the truth, and the disciples went out to the Gentiles.' "What is the meaning of making the sacrifice cease in the midst of the week?" "How long did Christ minister in person to the Jews?" "Three years and a half, I think," said Cecil. "Yes. By comparing the gospels this conclusion is evident. It is generally agreed that this was the time of his earthly ministry. He was crucified in the spring of 31, and by the sacrifice of himself put away sacrifice and oblation forever; for he is our passover, sacrificed for us. This was in the midst of this prophetical week. The sev-enty weeks ended in A. D. 34. The Jews rejected the gos-pel, and the disciples went to the Gentiles. Now what is to follow? They would not rely on God, but on them-selves. They would not exchange tradition for truth, they insisted on custom rather thanChrist. God foretold the result. Read the sequel in Dan. 9:26. "And the people of the prince that shall come shall destroy the city and the sanctuary; and the end thereof shall be with a flood, unto the end of the war desolations shall be determined." "Over a million people perished in the overthrow of Jerusalem. Those who remained were dragged away as slaves to Rome. The suffering was indescribable. The temple was devastated, and it is said that every stone in it was overturned in order to secure the gold that in the heat had melted and run between the crevices. Thus was the word of Christ fulfilled. The site of the city was plowed as a field. No more tragic picture arises in the fields of history than the history of Jerusalem, from Christ's advent to the final overthrow in A. D. 70. "I wonder if any of the doomed people recalled the tender words of Christ as he wept in anticipation of their destruction, saying, 'How oft would I have gathered you even as a hen gathereth her chickens under her wings, and ye would not. Behold, your house is left unto you deso-late.' " "It is very impressive," said Cecil. "And you think it was the result of the outworking of the principle of human reliance, instead of reliance -on God." "Indeed I do. But the destruction of Jerusalem is a picture of the fate of every soul who depends on man.  `Cursed is the man that trusteth in man, and maketh flesh his arm.' The yearning love of Christ's words reaches out to every soul, saying, 'Come under my wing, let me be your refuge and defense, lest your house be left unto you desolate."' Cecil gave Aleck no word of reply, but wrung his hand, and walked away thoughtfully. F. E. B. A Card. To all interested in carrying thegospel of Jesus Christ to the inhabitants of other lands and who desire to assist in supporting missionaries already placed and others who may engage in the work, the opportunity is given to make an offering to the Foreign Mission Board of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination. Such donations should be sent to W. H. Edwards, the Treasurer of the Board, 1730 North Fifteenth Street, Philadelphia, Pa. A NEW TRACT CATALOGUE. " Descriptive Catalogue of the Bible Students', Apples of Gold, and Religious Liberty Libraries " is the title of this 36 page catalogue. It gives a pithy description of each tract and pamphlet in the above Libraries, together with their size and price. It will greatly assist the reader to select such numbers as he may desire to read and circulate and may be obtained FREE by addressing the Pacific Press Publishing Com. pany, Oakland, Cal.; 39 Bond St., New York City, N.Y.; 18 W. 5th St., Kan-sas City, Mo.; or Review and Herald. Battle Creek, Web.; Atlanta. Ga. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly.  2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 8. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in principle. ORGAN OF THE International Religious liberty Assoeiation. Published Weekly by Paeifie Press Publishing Go. Single Copy, Per Year, $1.0e 44 Six months, .50 46 66 Three " .25 ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York 