MAY 28, 1896. SlIENTIENJElL, 171 daining one day of rest in every seven; and if that day should fall on Sunday, it would meet with hearty approval from the great majority of the American people. The decision by Judge Gibbons amounted to little more than a bid to the Sunday people to secure the passage of a statute of the general and sweeping character referred to,Ša "law" that would prohibit not only one class but every class from " actions [on Sunday] which are innocent in themselves." But the decision of the Supreme Court is open to no such criticism. True, one reason assigned for declaring the statute void is that "the act affects one class of laborers, and one class alone;" but the fundamental reason as-signed is that "the barber is thus deprived of property without due process of law, in direct violation of the Constitution of the United States and that of this State." " The statute declares," says the court, " that it shall be unlawful for any person or persons to keep open any barber shops on Sunday. The owner is prohibited from do-ing any business whatever during one day in the week. The income derived from this place and his own labor and the labor of his employes is his property, but the legislature has by the act taken that property away from him. The journeyman barber is by the law denied the right of laboring one day in the week. His labor may be the only property he possesses. And yet this law takes that property away from him." As already stated the court holds that time and business opportunities are property, and declares the act void because it takes from men this property without due process of law. This is both good law and good sense. And when it comes to be realized by people generally that time is property it will be seen how immense is the tribute which, by means of Sunday " laws," the churches levy upon the people ! If any man is willing to pay such a tax out of regard for the Divine Being, that is his privilege; but how monstrous is the assumption on the part of the State of the authority to compel such payment! But this decision does not stop with the barbers. If it is unconstitutional to deprive the barbers of one day each week because time is property, is it not manifest that the State cannot for the same reason deprive any man or set of men by legislative act, of any portion of their time by forbidding them to employ it in labor or business ? It certainly is. Certainly no Sunday " law " worthy the name can now be sustained in the State of Ill- inois. Indeed according to the decision of the Su- preme Court the State of Illinois has never had a law protecting the first day of the week. The court says:Š Under the law of this State, as it existed prior to the passage of the act in question [the Cody law], each and every citizen of the State was left perfectly free to labor and transact business on Sunday or refrain from labor and business, as he might choose, so long as he did not disturb the peace and good order of society. Just what would constitute a disturbance of the peace and good order ' of society it of course remains for the courts to decide, but in view of the Supreme Court decision under discussion it is clear that mental annoyance arising from religious bigotry and intolerance cannot constitute a disturbance "of the peace and good order of society" within the meaning of the law. It would seem that in view of the action of the highest court of the State the people of Illinois will be comparatively free for a time at least from the harassing bondage of meddlesome Sunday statutes. A NATIONAL SUNDAY BILL. WE made brief mention last week of Senate bill number 3,136 introduced on the 13th inst. by Senator Kyle, read twice and referred to the Committee on Education and Labor. This bill is as follows:Š A BILL FOR SUNDAY REST. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-tives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That no person or corporation or agent, servant, or employe of any person or corporation shall perform or authorize to be performed any secular work, labor, or business to the disturbance of others, works of necessity and mercy and humanity excepted ; nor shall any person engage in any play, game, or amusement or recreation to the disturbance of others on the first day of the week, commonly known as the Lord's day, or during any part thereof, in any Terri-tory, district, vessel, or place subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States; nor shall it be law-ful for any person or corporation to receive pay for labor or service performed or rendered in violation of this section. SEC. 2. That no mail or mail matter shall here-after be transported in time of peace over any land postal route, nor shall any mail matter be collected, assorted, handled, or delivered during any part of the first day of the week: Provided, That whenever any letter shall relate to a work of necessity or mercy, or shall concern the health, life, or decease of any per-son, and the fact shall be plainly stated upon the face of the envelope containing the same, the Postmaster-General shall provide for the transportation of such letter or letters in packages separate from other mail matter, and shall make regulations for the delivery thereof, the same having been received at its place of destination before the said first day of the week, during such limited portion of the day as shall best suit the public convenience and least interfere with the due observance of the day as one of worship and rest: And provided further, That when there shall have been an interruption in the due and regular transmission of the mails, it shall be lawful to so far examine the same when delivered as to ascertain if there be such matter therein for lawful delivery on the first day of the week. SEC. 3. That the prosecution of commerce between the States and with the Indian tribes, the same not 'being work of necessity, mercy, or humanity, by the transportation of persons or property by land or water in such way as to interfere with or disturb the people in the enjoyment of the first day of the week, or any portion thereof, as a day of rest from labor, the same not being labor of necessity, mercy, or humanity, or its observance as a day of religious worship, is hereby prohibited; and any person or corporation, or the agent, servant, or employe of any person or corpora-tion who shall willfully violate this section shall be punished by a fine of not less than ten nor more than one thousand dollars, and no service performed in the prosecution of such prohibited commerce shall be lawful, nor shall any compensation be recoverable or paid for the same. SEC. 4. That all military and naval drills, mus-ters, and parades, not in time of active service or im-mediate preparation therefor, of soldiers, sailors, marines, or cadets of the United States on the first day of the week, except assemblies for the due and orderly observance of religious worship, are hereby pro Ł hibited, nor shall any unnecessary labor be performed or permitted in the military or naval service of the United States on the Lord's day. SEC. 5. That it shall be unlawful to pay or receive payment or wages in any manner for service rendered or for labor performed or for the transportation of persons or property in violation of the provisions of this Act, nor shall any action lie for the recovery thereof, and when so paid, whether in advance or otherwise, the same may be recovered back by who-ever shall first sue for the same. Ssc. 6. That labor or service performed and ren-dered on the first day of the week in consequence of accident, disaster, or unavoidable delays in making the regular connections upon postal routes and routes of travel and transportation, the preservation of per-ishable and exposed property, and the regular and necessary transportation and delivery of articles of food in condition for healthy use, and such transport-ation for short distances from one State, district, or Territory into another State, district, or Territory as by local laws shall be declared to be necessary for the public good, shall not be deemed violations of this Act, but the same shall be construed, so far as possi-ble, to secure to the whole people rest from toil dur-ing the first day of the week, their mental and moral culture, and the religious observance of the sabbath day. As we remarked last week, this bill is in some respects the most intensely religious  Sunday bill ever before Congress. It is entitled " A Bill for Sunday Rest," but the closing words of Section 5 show its purpose to be to secure " the religious ob-servance of the sabbath day," by which is meant Sunday of course. It is not the expectation of those who have secured the introduction of this bill that its passage can be secured during the present session if at all. Their purpose is to make it the basis of a vigorous campaign something similar to that conducted in behalf of the World's Fair Sunday closing clause. Con-gress will be overwhelmed with individual and representative petitions, until as was the case in the World's Fair legislation the peti-tioners from some states will outnumber the entire population. The " representative " petition was sprung on the country in 1892 by Mr. Crafts, late of the Christian Statesman, now of the National Bureau of Reforms, or more properly speak-ing, of the national lobby for securing reli-gious legislation by Congress. The scheme was worked in this way: The "petition" was first indorsed by vote of the highest re-presentative body of each of the denomina-tions interested in the matter; and then the entire membership of each denomination tak-ing such action was counted as petitioners. Then presbyters, synods, State conferences, local associations, etc., etc., of the same de-nominations indorsed the " petition " and thus the entire membership of each denom-ination was counted again. Then the "peti-tion " was adopted by local congregations, W. C T. Unions, Christian Endeavor socie-ties, etc., and thus the same individuals were counted again and again until, as before stated, some States furnished more "petition-ers" than they had men, women, and children within their borders. We are doubtless en-tering upon a similar era of "reform." " CIVIL AND RELIGIOUS LIBERTY UNDER CHRIST'S LAW." THE Christian Statesman, of May 9, pub-lished an article so remarkable for the sound principles which it so plainly states, that we print it herewith, setting it in brevier, giving our comments in long primer type. The Statesman says:Š The law of Christ is the perfect law of liberty. If it were made the ultimate moral standard in both Church and State, and if all legislation and adminis-tration in these spheres of life were conformed to that final standard, civil and religious liberty would be en-joyed by all the subjects of both ecclesiastical and po-litical authority. This is sound doctrine. The law of Christ is the perfect law of liberty, " and if all leg-islation and administration" " were con-formed to that final standard, civil and re- ligious liberty would be enjoyed by all." But while this is true, it is also a fact that Christ is the best expositor of his own law, and as he defined that law he gave no authority to any man to coerce his fellowman in matters of conscience. He plainly said, " Render unto Ceesar the things that are Caesar's; and unto God the things that are God's; " and by so ordaining he necessarily declared the free-dom of every man to act according to the dictates of his own conscience. But again we quote:Š It is true on the one hand, that if Christ's perfect law is not acknowledged as supreme, there may be a measure of liberty. So far as -government is in fact administered in harmony with that law, even though there may be no acknowledgment of its supreme authority, true liberty will be enjoyed. It is reas-onable to believe, however, that the acknowledg- 