,sENTINEL,- or- 14.1.BRT.Y. 469.  the One who when he was reviled reviled not again, who when he suffered threatened not but calmly com-mending his spirit to his God gave birth to these glorious words, the light of which has illuminated the ages, "Father, forgive them, for they know not what they do." Such was the monarchy of the Master. It needs not to be said that in the human sense of the word it was no monarchy at all, but in the deepest, truest sense, as our better natures will admit, it is a mon-, archy of the most noble and lofty nature, a monarchy of service and sacrifice, a monarchy of self-surrender and self-abnegation, but a monarchy which in the end-less ages of eternity will prove itself more powerftn to set up and establish an enduring kingdom where rebellion and insurrection will never come than all the systems which earth has ever devised. "Conquering kings their titles make From the captives that they take ; Jesus from a mightier deed, By the captives which he freed." P. T. MAGAN. Reformation or Deformation. PART II. PROPHECY. In the preceding paper it was, I trust, made plain that attempts by government to reform or to foster either religion or literature, not only invariably fail, but produce the opposite from the desired effect. Even were it possible for government to invariably lend its influence and support to the right side, it could not then produce one impulse of genius or one heart throb of true piety. But governments are fallible and erring; they are also necessarily conservative, and so opposed to the progressive truth. Buckle says, "After a careful study I think myself authorized to say, that for one instance in which a sovereign has recompensed a man who is before his age, there are at least twenty instances of his recompensing one who is behind his age." (History of Civilization. Vol. I. Page 495.) It was this which Jesus foresaw when he forbade his church all appeal to force, "Lest while they gather up the tares they root up also the wheat." "Almighty God created the mind free, and all attempts to influence it by temporal punishments. or burdens, or by civil incapacitations, tend only to beget habits of hypocrisy and meanness."ŠJefferson. One of the.chief values of history is, that through it, by means of the past, we may read and understand the present and the future. There is to-day a religio-political Christian citizen-ship movement, identical in motives and methods with that of the fourth century. This movement to-day, like that of the fourth century, proposes to make this a Christian nation by law, and to so control matters  that in the end only Christians can hold office. By these means they propose to ,usher in the ,reign of Christ. PUTS A PREMIUM ON HYPOCRISY. However good the intentions, there can be but one result. The movement puts a premium on hypocrisy ; and as soon as it is seen that the church is the only road to political preferment, all office seek-ers will become externally very pious, and will seek and gain admission to the church. Under those cir-cumstances only an honest man will have the cour-age to stay outside the church. The only possible result to the church is foretold in Revelation where the prophet says it will become, "The hold of every foul spirit, and the cage of every unclean and hateful bird." The rule and reign of such a church will be the rule and reign of evil, not of good. It matters not how good and pure the intentions of the religio-polit-ical leaders now may be, this can not change the final result. Jonathan Edwards, I think it was, once remarked that, "Hell is paved with good intentions." The leaders of this movement propose to suppress by law all forms of vice and immorality. Especially do they propose to stop all Sunday labor and amuse-ments, and to give the monopoly of that day wholly to the church. Exactly this was attempted, and by the same methods, in the fourth century, but with a result diametrically opposed to the welfare of the Kingdom of Christ. WOULD NOT QUESTION MOTIVES. We would not to-day seek to question or to an-alyze the motives of the men and women who are work-ing so persistently for religious laws ; but in the light of history, we prophesy that the outcome of the move-ment will be the ushering in of a carnival of vice, crime, and intemperance such as the world has seldom or never seen. Let us coolly, and without prejudice, study the facts, and see if this will not be the only possible outcome. One of the very first efforts of this movement to-day, is to see that all saloons are closed on Sunday. This is done professedly as a temperance measure, though it remains to be proven that drunkenness on Sunday is either more harmful or more wicked than on other days. It may be that Sunday closing of the saloons in some instances does prevent a man from starting in on a spree; yet the Voice, one of the leading prohibition papers, says of such closing, "As a temperance measure it has little merit. It is just as practical to get the Sunday supply of whisky or beer as of steak or roast. When the Omaha mayor began shutting up the Sunday saloon in that city, men had a dry and dreadful time for the first Sunday under that policy. They had not dreamed it to be a serious 