THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 441 in their Ariki, when, the only,  particular in wliiefh, they are known to have offended was in their failure to at-' tend the religious services of the L. M. S. when in- vited to do so by the Ariki. . . More than a score of natives of all ranks were called up by their Ariki by means of the police, and ha-rangued for more than half an hour with threats, and slanders, and false statements against members of a rival society. The threats were that if they, the audi-tors, there assembled by the police, did not cease to attend the regular services of the rival society men-tioned, they would be prosecuted, fine, banished to Manuae or to a foreign country, or evicted from their own houses, which of course stand on tribal lands. There are four misionary societies now at work on the Cook Islands. The controversy which was the occasion of the above described persecutions was the change of the weekly rest day. In May, 1899, the local committee of the L. M. S. in meeting assembled at Tereora (so says the Karere, the local organ of that society), decided to recom-mend a change of their regular weekly services from the seventh to the first day of the week. This, of course, they had a right to do. The movement was not popular among the natives of the group. Proba-bly more than 90 per cent of them objected to the change, many from conscientious scruples, for the na-tive Bibles declare that the seventh day is the Sab-bath (Exod. 20 :10). Being encouraged by a law which Parliament passed at its last session (it is said that there was diffi-culty in persuading the members to pass it), that so-ciety effected the change named after Christmas, 1899, and since that-time' has held its regular services on the first day of the week instead of the seventh, as before; but for the first few weeksŠuntil the authority of the courts.could have time to produce an effectŠthe num-ber attending in most villages was very small, indeed. I have never heard it charged that the natives who suffer persecution have broken any law. They have simply claimed the rightŠand still claim itŠto rest and worship on the seventh day in harmony with their understanding of their Bibles, and their practice also for more than seventy-five years under the lead-ership of the same society to which all their persecu-tors now belong. Apparently every effort of their former teachers to persuade them that the new way is the better has only confirmed them in the belief that the change rests wholly upon human authority. A great majority of them have never enjoyed the privi-lege of receiving Bible instruction from the teachers of any other society. Thus it is seen that what amounts to a new relig- ionlias= been brought to the island and its, dogmas are being enforced by law contrary to the will of the people ; and that the new religion includes both a new practice and respect for a new source of authority in the realm of religion, not before taught the natives ; for until their confidence is established in some human right and power to change God's law they cannot be easily induced to abandon that law as taught them for more than three quarters of a century, and which seems so plain to them as they read it in their native Bibles. All they ask for is relief from persecution. I have briefly stated facts as I have observed them. Should additional witnesses be desired to establish the above statements they can be furnished in abun-dance if the witnesses are guaranteed immunity from punishment and annoyances for testifying against their Arikis. Under the present system of land tenure the peo-ple hold their property at the pleasure of their Arikis. Many of them have told me privately in confidence that they greatly desire freedom from the serfdom they now suffer, by the introduction of English laws, that they may enjoy civil and religious liberty as it is enjoyed by the English-speaking people and Maoris of New Zealand, and this wholly without my intro-ducing the subject or suggesting such a change. Without a guarantee of protection it would require great boldness for them to testify publicly to any facts which would compromise their Arikis. I once knew a number of them to be prosecuted for signing a peti-tion to His Excellency the Governor of New Zealand, because their Arikis were then under an influence which did not favor the petition. At that time the sentence was suspended, and remains suspended to this day, with the warning that if they ever dare to do so again their punishment will be severe. Though the Arikis are directly responsible for these persecutions, I beg leave to say that I have much sympathy for them, thinking it probable that since they have neither literature nor a knowledge of history, they have no proper conception of the enormity of the wrongs they are doing their people, having been in-duced, possibly, to adopt that policy from outside in-fluences. Hoping you may have a pleasant voyage and reach your home again with renewed strength, I have the honor, sir, to be Your obedient servant, J. E. CALDWELL, Superintendent of Raratonga Medical Mission of Sev-enth-day Adventists. If the "civil" Sabbath were really a civil institution, it would not be the source of so much uncivil action on the part of its supporters. 