150 AMERICAN SENTINEL. first place, a seventh-day Christian could not obey a Sunday law without violating his conscience. It is not necessary, however, to dwell upon this, since the writer would not have such compelled to rest on Sunday, because, as he rightly says, such compulsion would be robbery. But those who have given much thought to the subject, whether friends or foes of Sunday legisla-tion, know that no law can long be enforced with exceptions. We say that it is utterly impossible to enforce a Sunday law that makes an exemp-tion in favor of those who observe the seventh day. Such a thing never has been done, and never will be done. True, there are Sunday laws which exempt observers of the seventh day; but those laws are never enforced. They remain upon the statute books as dead letters. When the time comes that enough people get in earnest to have them enforced, they secure the repeal of the exemption clause. Then they can enforce the law, and not before. Take the case of Arkansas as an example. It had for a long time a Sunday law which made an exemption in favor of seventh-day people. But that law was not enforced. No attempt was made to enforce it. Finally some unto quid peo-ple concluded that the law ought to be enforced. But they could not enforce it as it was. Why?ŠBecause there was really nothing to enforce. The exemption in favor of seventh-day observers deprived the law of all its force. So they pleaded for the repeal of that exemption section, so that no non-religious person could evade the law by professing to be an observer of the seventh day. There is no evidence that any person had ever done so; but the Sunday-law people saw plainly that that could easily be done, and that to attempt to enforce a Sunday law with an exemp-tion section, would be like trying to trap a fox with two holes to his den. So they stopped up all chance of escape, by securing the repeal of that obnoxious section. Then the law was en-forced for the first time in its existence. And right vigorously was it enforced too. Then the saloon keepers had to suffer, didn't they ? Not much. They sold whisky as openly as ever, and were not even indicted therefor. It was enforced against those who had rested on Saturday, and against no others. The National Reformers of Arkansas seemed to feel a special interest in the physical welfare of the Seventh-day Adventists and the Seventh-day Baptists, for they sought to compel them to rest after they had already rested, while others were left free not to rest at all. This prosecution went on until public indigna-tion demanded that simple toleration,if not justice, should be granted to those observers of the sev-enth day, all of whom were good citizens. So a bill was introduced and passed, which granted to con-scientious observers of the seventh day immunity from the pains and penalties of the Sunday law. The result was that the prosecution ceased. No at-tempt has been made since to enforce the law. Surely this is far more than merely suggestive. Now a National Sunday law is desired. Its advocates make a great show of liberality, and say that they are going to see that it exempts those who observe the seventh day. The Blair bill, however, made no such exemption. Never-theless, many fair-minded persons are caught by the pretension to liberality on the part of the Na-tional Reformers and the American Sabbath Union. But let it not be forgotten that the ob-ject of this proposed National Sunday law is to make efficient existing State Sunday laws. But  it cannot give efficiency to them unless it is itself "efficient ; " and it may be accepted as a fact that it will be no exception to previous laws, and cannot be enforced so long as it makes any ex-emption of those who observe another day. So the exemption will be allowed to remain only till ,the law is secured, and when the time comes to enforce it, the exemption will be repealed. That is the way it is done. Exemption clauses in Sun-day laws are frauds. They are designed only to delude fair-minded persons into favoring the en-actment of the law, and they never serve any other purpose. Let all lovers of justice pay no heed to the voice of the National Reform charmer, charm he never so wisely. E. J. W. Please Explain. FROM figures based on the census of 1880, the American Sabbath Union, so called, estimates that there are in the United States, out of a total of 17,392,000 workers, 3,145,572 persons deprived of their Sunday rest, of whom 1,555,404 are "regularly engaged in needless work for gain on Sunday." This may all be true ; and it may also be true that many of these men would lose their sit-uations if they should refuse to do Sunday work, but does it follow that laws should be enacted which would enable them to keep the day just as well as not? Said the Saviour, "If any man will be my disciple, let him deny himself, and take up his cross, and follow me ;" and if a man's convictions are not strong enough to move him to do that which he believes to be a sacred duty, even if it does entail pecuniary loss, it is scarcely worth while to strengthen them by legislative en-actment. The man who will not serve God un-less it is convenient to do so, does not serve him acceptably at all. But there is another feature of this question which is worth considering. The advocates of a law which guarantees to these Sunday workers a day of rest, whether they desire it or not, demand that all shall rest upon Sunday. They know that a small minority of their fellow-citizens conscien-tiously keep the seventh day at not a little sacri-fice, and that they ask no law to enable them to do it without such sacrifice, yet Sunday-law ad-vocates propose to secure a law which will com-pel theta to keep another day also, thus depriving them of one-sixth of their means of support for conscience' sake. Will someone please explain why the State should make it so easy for some of its, citizens to outwardly observe the forms of their religion, and at the same time so difficult for others ?ŠSigns of the Times. 1 0 0 Is It Ignorance? UNDER the heading, "Ignorance That Is Inex-cusable in This Progressive Age," the Sacramento Record- Union of May 8 publishes the following. We are inclined to the belief that the letter to the Record- Union was the result, not of ignorance, but of something which is even more inexcusable. "The following letter was received by the man-aging editor of the Record- Union yesterday :-731 N STREET, SACRAMENTO, May 7, 1889. DEAR SIR : Please instruct your carrier not to leave the Sunday issue of your paper at my house. I am opposed to Sunday papers on principle, and am sorry for this change in policy in the management of the Record-Union. A Monday paper may be published without Sunday work, but seven papers a week cannot. I am, yours respectfully, ARNOLD T. NEEDHAM, Pastor Sixth Street M. E. Church. " Why, certainly, we will so instruct the carrier, but at the same time we would suggest to the reverend gentleman that it ought to be a greater salve to his tender conscience to have the same instructions given in regard to the Monday issue, as the work on the latter is all done on Sunday, while the work on the Sunday edition is neces-sarily done on Saturday and Saturday night. Mr. Needham ought to know this as well as any man, for reporters of this paper have often worked on Sunday in the preparation of his sermons for the hands of the compositors, who have had to set them up on Sunday night. Frequently the reporters are assisted in this work by the minis-ters themselvesŠand on Sunday, too. " We had believed that there were none so igno-rant of the work of publishing a daily newspaper as this letter seems to indicate. We thought that everfone knew that the publication of a paper on Monday morning involved the working of the entire force on Sunday, while the work of pub-lishing a Sunday edition must be done on Satur-day night. We have never heard Mr. Needham complain when he saw his sermon published in the Record-Union on Monday morning, that the reporter and compositors had been compelled to work on Sunday in order that he might have that satisfaction, thereby enabling him to place his arguments before an immense audience, which he could never have reached in any other way." Christianity Does Not Need It. A CORRESPONDENT Of Reason has struck the right chord in opposition to the proposed Sunday law, as will be seen from the following, which we clip from that paper :Š "On grounds of public policy there are grave objections to the proposed legislation, but the ob-jections from the standpoint of thoSe who have the best interests of religion at heart are equally weighty. The Christian Church in America oc-cupies a position different from that in those countries where it has been in league with the State. While there may be much indifference and unbelief, there is but little active hostility. Secularism in the European sense of bitter hatred of all that savors of the church, has little power among our native-born population. It is because here the church has not been identified with eccle-siastical annoyance and intolerant legislation. " Our Protestant churches cannot afford to enter the arena of politics, and transform what had been mere unbelief into active enmity. Relig-ious legislation in a country like this has no power to convince nor to coerce, it can only irritate. "Christianity must be true to itself before it can perform its work; and Christian charity 'vaunteth not itself, is not puffed up, doth not behave itself unseemly, seeketh not her own.' Christianity 'vaunting itself' in legislative enact-ments and seeking its own"' in the Constitution is true neither to its highest mission nor faithful to its best spirit. Dogmatic and sectarian Chris-tianity is, even in the proposed amendment, refused the recognition of the Government; spiritual Christianity does not need it nor ask for it." It is not enough to say that Christianity does not need such legislation ; it cannot stand it. Christianity will not ask for legislation in its favor, even as Christ did not, and if men secura legislation in favor of Christianity, they will suc-ceed only in driving Christianity out ,of the Church as well as out of the State. 