THE SIGNING OF THE REoLARATION OF INDEPENDENOE. AT PHILADELPHIA, JULY 1776.  "IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT: FOR I CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAYE THE WORLD."  Vol. 11, No. 26. NEW YORK, JULY 2, 1896. Price, Three Cents.   American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE RICIFIC PHDS PUBLISHING CONNINY, 30 BOND STREET, NEW YORK CITY MEANING OF THE DEC- LARATION OF INDE- PENDENCE. THE Declaration of In-dependence has a deeper meaning than that of sim-ple renunciation of alle-giance to the government of Great Britain. While it was just that that al-legiance should be re-nounced, the occasion was a vastly greater one than could be measured by the commercial ,and personal interests bound up in our colonial relationship with the mother land. A greater cause was to be champi-oned by that declarationŠa vaster audience addressed than the assembled Parlia-ment of Great Britain. " We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unali-enable rights, that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness; that to secure these rights, governments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the con-sent of the governed; that whenever any form of gov-ernment becomes destruct-ive of these ends, it is the right of the people to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new government, laying its founda-tions on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their safety and happi-ness." Such a declaration was of necessity addressed to the whole civilized world, It  spoke in behalf not only of the thirteen American colonies, but of all the victims of oppression the world over. " The heart of Jefferson in writing the declaration, and of Congress in adopting it, beat for all humanity; the assertion of right was made for the entire world of mankind and all coming generations, without any ex-ception whatever; for the propo'sition which admits of exceptions can never be self-evident. As it was put forth in the name of the as-cendent people of that time, it was sure to  make the circuit of the world, passing every-where through the despotic countries of Eu-rope; and the astonished nations, as they read that all men are created equal, started out of their lethargy, like those who have been exiles from childhood, when they suddenly hear the dimly-remembered accents of their mother tongue."* The Rights of the People. In the long contest which has made all lands its battlefield, between liberty and oppression, the time had at length arrived when the world was to hear pro-claimed in no uncertain tones the doctrine of in-diVidual rights, and not merely the rights of certain individuals, but the rights of all individuals, or in other words; the rights of the people. The world had long been hearing about the "divine right" of kings; the monarchs had diligently proclaimed this doctrine to the people. The world had heard also about the rights of barons and nobles; Magna Charta had pro-clainied them. The Peti-tion of Right, Bill of Rights, and the Writ of Habeas Corpus, had also struck more or less effect-ually against monarchical usurpation of power, in favor of the rights of the people. But in the im-mortal Declaration put forth by Jefferson and his associates, the doctrine of the rights of the people first found full and com-plete expression. Then was heard a voice proclaiming liberty throughout all the land to all the inhab-itants thereof,Ša voice which went " out through all the earth," and its " words to * Bancroft's History of the United States, Vol. IV., p. 450. 