30 A_MERICAN SENTINEL. News and Notes. Tau managers of the Brooklyn base-ball club have decided that the club will play Sunday games during the next season. This, however, is only one side of the subject. The preach-ers will be heard from later. -44`  Now that the United States Gov-ernment has professed religion, the natural- question arises, What church will it join? Will it join the leading church Š the Roman Catholic Š or some one of the smaller churches? SHORTLY before the holiday recess Representative Dalzell, of Pennsyl-vania, introduced into Congress a petition from the Christian Endeavor Union of that State, representing 207,000 members, asking for a Sun-day law for the District of Columbia. CARDINAL GIBBONS has expressed himself on the subject of the Sunday newspaper. He is quoted as saying that a Christian should select for Sunday reading only a paper that is clean and of high moral tone, and should resolve not to read it until he has first attended service at church. ONE leading, object of the "Reli-gious Amendment " party is to oblit-erate from the public mind all dis-tinction between the terms "secular" and "irreligious." This Government was made secular, but it was not made irreligious. A large majority of the signers of the Declaration of In-dependence and of those who framed the Constitution were professors of the Christian religion. THE General Conference of Congre-gational Churches, recently in session at Winsted, Connecticut, appointed a committee to draft, a Sunday law "which shall state fairly and clearly existing public opinion on this sub-ject, and shall also be enforceable," and "to ask the enactment of some such law' by the legislature." The latter body will begin its session this month. THE five Roman Catholic bishops of the Province of Quebec have Unan-imously refused to accept the terms of the settlement of the Manitoba school controversy, and press dis-patches statethat the situation there is such as to amount to "a practical declaration of war between the Ro-man Catholic Church and the Liberal Party, headed by the Premier, Wil-fred Laurier." AN action has been brought in a Detroit (Mich.) court to restrain the Board of Education from enforcing the use of the book of prepared Bible readings in the public schools. The action is based upon the ground that the State Constitution forbids the legislature to pass-any measure re-quiring any person to attend a reli-gious institution, or levying a tax to support such institution. THE New England " Sabbath Pro-tective League" has brought an ac-tion against the proprietor of the Boston Theater, for allowing a con-cert to be given there Sunday, the 27th. The law, however, allows the giving of "sacred" concerts, and the court is waiting before granting the warrant until it shall have been de-cided by " expert testimony" whether the concert was sacred or otherwise. "THE pastor of a Boston church," says the Christian Register, in a late issue, "last Sunday reminded his au-dience that, as late as 1830, a num-ber of people were lying in jail in England because they had not at-tended the parish church. He sug-gested that, if the same rule were applied to his congregation, a hun-dred or more would meet the same fate." When preachers have recourse to such facts as this to stir up their congregations, it is easy to see what they would like; and when they shall have succeeded in securing conditions especially favorable for Sunday church attendance, by shutting off all labor on Sunday and all Sunday amusements, through the Sunday legislation which the Church forces are now working to secure, the next step, if the people still absent themselves,  will be to affix a penalty for non-at-. tendance. The logic of that move-ment has not changed at all, since 1830. THE Pope, it ,seems, is not satisfied with possessing a powerful Swiss body guard, but wants an army at his dis-.  posal. A press dispatch from Rome, dated December 29, reports an au-dience given by the Pope to a body of men representing the old "pontifi-cal army," in which he said he had received offers from Canada, Ireland, and elsewhere from people who were ready to hasten to the defense of the Papacy, and that he "hoped the moment would soon come when he would see himself surrounded anew by sons as faithful and as well be-loved" as those which had comprised the old army. The speech is said to have produced a deep impression in all circles in Rome; but why should it be thought strange that the church of Rome, whose boast is that she never changes, should be as desirous now of controlling a military power as she was before the Pope became a " prisoner " in the Vatican? The COlorado Sanitarium. One thing above all others which has made Colorado celebrated, not only throughout this country, but the civilized world, is its invigorating and health-giving climate. Many people have found relief in this State where to-day they are classed as leading citizens of the common-wealth, who, had they remained at home,would long since have filled un-timely graves. Many famous pleas-ure and health resorts are to be found. Homes for the afflicted, and hospitals for the treatment of dis-ease have been established in nearly every city. One of the latest ventures of this kind is the Colorado Sanitarium, a picture of which is presented with this sketch. This institution is lo-cated at Boulder, twenty-nine miles by rail from Denver, the capital of the State, connected with the same by the Union Pacific, Denver and Gulf R. R., several trains running each way daily between the two cit-ies. Boulder is the University town of the State, -possessing one of the lead-ing educational institutions in the West. It is a quiet little city of six thousand inhabitants, beautifully 