THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 87 pats himself and his fellow-reformers on the back. " Our movement will not result in per-secution, because true religion never persecutes, and of course we wouldn't handle anything but the genuine article." Well, we will not now dispute the genuineness of their religion, but we are sure that they will not persecute so long as they have not the power, and there is no telling what the best of men may do when suddenly elevated to power to which they are not accustomed, and which is not theirs by right. Let it be remembered that the possession of great power by any man, or by any organized body of men, is always dangerous. Mr. Mc-Allister says that the recognition of the Ro-man Catholic Church by the State made that State a persecuting power, because the Roman Catholic religion is a persecuting religion. Wonderful! But if the Roman Catholic relig-ion is a persecuting religion, why did it not persecute before it was lifted to the throne of the world? Oh, because it did not have the power! Exactly; and if it had never received the power, the world would never have found out that it was a persecuting religion, would it? Certainly not. Then it was not the nat-ure of the Catholic religion that made it a per-secutor, but it was the power that was given to it. And let it be also remembered that the Ro- man Catholic religion was simply a perversion of the purest form of religion that was ever exhibited to the world,Šthat taught by Christ and his apostles. Some of Ike same churches that were founded by the apostles themselves, became the worst instigators of persecution. What was it that brought about this change? Nothing else than their seeking for power, and for the aid and friendship of the State. Says the apostle James, "The friendship of the world is enmity with God. Whosoever there-fore will be a friend of the world is the enemy of God:" No matter how pure the religion may be which any body of men possesses, it is sure to be corrupted when they seek alli-ance with civil power. It was not because the Popes of Rome were the worst men that ever lived, that they per-secuted. It was simply because their religion was made a part of the State, and disobedi-ence to that religion thus became disloyalty to the State, and therefore there was no alter-native but to punish the offender. But when the State punishes a man for a crime against it, which crime is only a matter of conscience, then such punishment becomes persecution. The following words from Buckle's " History of Civilization in England" are very true, and we recommend them to the serious thought of National Reformers and of all others:Š "Protestants, generally, are too apt to sup-pose that there is something in their creed which protects them against those hurtful ex-travagances which have been, and, to a cer-tain extent, still are practiced in the Catholic Church. ' Never was a greater mistake. There is but one protection against the tyranny of .any class, and that is to give that class very little power. Whatever the pretensions of any body of men may be, however smooth their language, and 'however plausible their claims,  they are sure to abuse power if much of it is conferred upon them. The entire history of the world affords no instance to the contrary. In Catholic countries, France alone excepted, the clergy have more authority than in Prot-estant countries. Therefore, in Catholic coun-tries they do more harm than in Protestant countries, and their peculiar views are de-veloped with greater freedom. The difference depends, not on the nature of the creed, but on the power of the class. This is very ap-parent in Scotland, where the clergy, being supreme, did, Protestants though they were, imitate the ascetic, unsocial, and the cruel doctrines which in the Catholic Church gave rise to convents, fastings, scourgings, and all other appliances of an uncouth and ungenial superstition." It was not because the people of Arkansas are worse than the people of Kansas, -nor be-cause the religion professed by the citizens of Arkansas is of a worse type than that pro-fessed by the people of Kansas, that the for-mer State a year ago persecuted citizens even to the death, and the latter did nothing of the kind. It was simply because there was a law in Arkansas which made it a crime for the few to worship God in a different manner from what the majority did; and Kansas had no such law. Any other State in the Union, having a law like the Arkansas Sunday law, would do just as she did. It is true that true Christianity never will persecute ; but it is also true that true Chris-tianity is never found in alliance with civil power. People often make the 'mistake of confounding true Christianity with the pro-fession thereof. But true Christianity is known by fruits, and not by profession merely. A man is not necessarily a Chris-tian because he professes the Christian re-ligion. Even though his creed may be a per-fect one, and he may hold to no doctrinal error, he may lack the vivifying influence of the Spirit of God, which alone can make the true Christian. Lacking this, his profession of the purest form of doctrine will avail him nothing. But this Spirit is never found in an alliance with civil authority. See James 4:4, already quoted. Lastly, in the very answer in which Dr. McAllister disclaimed any intention on the part of National Reformers to persecute, he admitted that persecution would come. Said he : " False religion will be persecuted." Well, when did any people ever persecute those whom they thought were professing the true religion? The Papal persecutions were all directed against "heretics." The Catholics never professed to persecute the holders of the true religion; they would indignantly re-sent any such accusation. But the trouble was, they arrogated to themselves he power to decide who were heretics, and what was the true religion. If they had allowed the poor Huguenots and Waldenses a voice in the matter, the decision would have been differ-ent. But no; the Catholics were in the ma-jority, and had the power, and that made them infallible. So the National Reformers, when once they get the power, will virtually declare themselves the infallible judges of true and false religion; and woe Ł to the un- fortunate few who profess what they decree to be the "false religion," because it differs from theirs. Who is willing to help the Na-tional Reformers into power, after hearing their own statement of their intentions? No beings but glorified saints or angels, with Christ himself as leader, could be trusted with all power, both civil and religious; and without any disrespect to National Reformers, we say that they are a long ways from being either saints or angels. Yes, Mr. McAllister, we see the fallacy, and we think that other people can, unless they are National Reformers. E. J. W. "IN THE HEART OF THE SIERRAS" Has been out but a short time, but it has already at-tained a large sale, and has come to the front as the finest book for agents to handle which has ever been published on this coast. It is a book which sells to all classes of readers. As a work of art it surpasses anything of the kind which has ever before been attempted. The beautiful full-page "artotypes" pre-sent the Yo Semite in all its grandeur, and bring out the scenery in a more life-like manner than it could be produced in any other way. The Yo Semite Val-ley is now the leading attraction for tourists, and it is visited every year by thousands. It is one of the wonders of the world, and this work written by a man who has lived so long amidst these scenes is one which all will be eager to possess. This new book is not only the most authentic and finest histo4ical description of the Yo Semite which has ever been written, but it is a complete and reli-able guide to the valley and Big Tree Groves. It gives every route to these places of interest, and is the only work which, without bias or preference for any particular route, gives truthful information in regard to all the ways by which one can reach the Yo Semite. This unrivaled work of nearly 600 pages, with 160 illustrations, of which 50 are full page, and 28 are elegant artotypes, will be furnished to subscribers at the following low prices:Š Fine English Cloth, embossed in jet and gold, - - - - $3 75 Fine English Cloth, embossed in jet and gold, gold edges, 4 50 Full Sheep, library style, marbled edges, - - - - - - 5 00 Half Morocco, gold edges,   6 00 Full Turkey Morocco, gold edges,  7 00 If a copy of the book is desired, drop a line to the publishers, and an agent will call and show you the work, or if there is no agent in your place, the pub-lishers will send you a copy, prepaid, at the above prices. Address, Pacific Press Publishing Houses  Twelfth and Castro Streets, Oakland, Cal. VINDICATION OF THE TRUE SABBATH. BY J. W. MORTON. FORMER MISSIONARY OF THE REFORMED PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH TO HAYTI. THIS pamphlet is an able treatise on the divine appointment of the Sabbath of the Bible. The personal narrative of its author contains a noble instance of self-sacrifice and devotion to the truth for the truth's sake. The reader of this little work will find breathed throughout its pages a mild and Christian spirit, worthy the imitation of controversialists of every name; while at the same time, its candid, convincing, and logical arguments challenge refuta-tion. Paper covers, 68 pages, sent post-paid for 10 cents. Address, PACIFIC PRESS, Oakland, Cal. MISCELLANEOUS TRACTS. ASSORTED PACKAGE NO. 6. PRICE, 25c. THE Plan of RedemptionŠThe Sufferings of ChristŠThe Sanctuary of the BibleŠScripture ReferencesŠThe Spirit of ProphecyŠSpiritualism a Satanic DelusionŠSamuel and the Witch of EndorŠThe End of the WickedŠThe Two Thrones. Address, PACIFIC PRESS, Oakland, Cal. WHO CHANGED  THE  SABBATH? A TRACT of 24 pages, which fully answers this question, and shows how Sunday displaced the Bible Sabbath. Extracts given from Catholic writers. Price, 3 cents. Address, PACIFIC PRESS, Oakland, Cal. 