402 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "Imperial America." Iffj, .eon°,1(0 The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. liar Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no tears that they will be asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Poet-office.) complete answer to the current sophistry that the Gov-ernment ought, as a measure of safety, to avoid the des-ecration of the first day of the week. Ł 4 4 THAT which is of most value to any person, is char-acter. And that which, above all other things, is effectual for the development of a strong, sound character, is faith. But faith does not call the individual's attention to the multitude of other people around him. It does not call attention:to public sentiment nor to popular cus-toms and maxims By faith, the individual sees none of these. By faith, the individual beholds Jesus Christ, the author of salvation to all who believe on him. The life of the Christian is lived by "looking unto Jesus, the author and finisher of faith." Heb. 12:2. By faith the individual sees "no man, save Jesus only." If he is looking at some other man or set of men, or if he is looking at human customs, opinions, and laws, contemplating the question of how much help he may derive from them in right doing, he is not beholding Jesus at all. He is not walking by faith; he is not form-ing a character which will be worthy of perpetuation be-yond this life. And when laws are passed to prescribe moral duties to the individual, or those things necessary to the forma-tion of right character, their only effect must be to point him away from Jesus Christ to the multitudes of the world, and to the sentiment of the multitudes, which the law embodies. Such laws can tend only to weaken char-acter, not to strengthen it. Jesus Christ is the standard of righteousness. He is the divine standard; and any standard set up by human law, whether by people in the church or out of it, can be only a human standard, and altogether below the re-quired excellence. Laws which are passed with the intent of doing more than to protect the rights of the individual, are worse than useless. "IMPERIAL AMERICA" is a term now seriously pro-posed and actually used to suggest the "manifest des- tiny" of the United States in the "enlarged sphere" opened to her by the guns directed by Dewey on the morning of May day at Manila. This sentiment is fast. growing. In a speech at a dinner tendered to him a few days ago at San Francisco, Major-General Merritt,, the proposed military governor of the Philippines, said:Š "I believe in the new national policy of the United States, which looks to the acquisition of additional terri-tory represented in outlying islands that are requisite for the development of national strength and growth. The war was begun for the enforcement of the idea of human. liberty, and with no thought of national aggrandize-ment; but the logic of events has brought about an un-expected result and the Government has taken the Phil-ippines by right of conquest. What the navy has won the army will hold. The strong hand of the Government on those islands ought never to be loosened. This great people is in need of room in which to spread. The people feel this, and the Government will never be able to let go. of the islands that have been won -by American prowess." The Chicago Times-Herald is almost strictly an ad-ministration paper. With General Merritt's wordsŠ "What the navy has won the army will hold"Šfor a text,. the Washington correspondent of the Times-Herald tells-what he finds at the National Capital as follows:Š " 'What the navy conquers the army must hold!" "So said Major-General Wesley Merritt, prospective military governor of the first colony of the United States, and his sentiment has awakened a responsive echo from the nation. "Admiral Dewey's victory at Manila has filled the American blood with the fever of conquest. Conserva-tives may preach on tbe 'policy of the fathers,' but they cannot hold the ears of the masses while the fever is on. The cooler judgment of the second sober thought may quiet the public pulse, but there is abundant evidence' that for the time being the sentiment of the nation is against the surrender of any territory wrenched from the grasp of Spain, with the exception of Cuba. "FLOOD OF PUBLIC SENTIMENT. "Hawaii will be annexed as one of the first results, and, once launched on a policy of colonial expansion, who can say where it will end? Speaker Reed and the sugar trust and other powerful interests were opposed to Hawaii, but they have been engulfed in the flood of public sentiment. The House of Representatives will vote for annexation Wednesday afternoon. The opposition in the Senate may filibuster indefinitely, but the wearers. of the toga might better accept their fate gracefully, for the handwriting is on the wall. "But it is the jewels of Alfonso's crown at which the newborn lust of conquest aims. It is the Spanish isles of the Orient and Occident that have challenged American prowess. It is the idea of empire that has filled the Amer-ican. soul with world-wide ambitions. These aspirations are a new force in American life, and sooner or later the guiding statesmen must face that force. Washington is the nerve center of the country, and the new sentiment is Ł 4 4 BE true to yourself by being true to God. 