128 A.1VIUMELICAN VoL. 10, No. 16. NEW YORK, APRIL 18, 1895. Or ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. THE press is running day and night to fill orders for our last extra; and just before going to press the Colorado Tract Society telegraphed an order for ten thousand copies. Ł THE Associated Press announced on the 11th inst. that Governor Turney had par-doned the five Seventh-day Adventists impris-oned at Dayton, Tenn., March 8. All honor to Governor Turney. The governor would now do credit to himself should he send a message to the Tennessee Legislature now in session recommending the repeal of the Sunday law under which they were impris-oned. The pardons were granted on the rec-ommendation of the trial-judge, Judge J. G. Parks, who shares with the governer the honors of the noble act. UNDER the circumstances, it is safe to say that this action of the officials of Tennessee is without a parallel in our history. Here were five men duly convicted of the violation of the law of the State and committed to prison upon refusal to pay the costs duly assessed; not Only so, but they had respectfully but firmly declared in court that they could not obey the law, and yet they wero pardoned by the governor upon the recommendation of the trial-judge. This can only be regarded as a confession that the law is unjust and that it ought to be repealed. THE legislature of Massachusetts has enacted a most rigid Sunday law. It declares that no entertainment shall be given on Sunday at which an admission fee is charged, and makes any person attending such prohibited enter-tainment liable to a fine of five dollars. An-other portion of the law reads thus:Š Whoever, on the Lord's day, keeps open his shop, warehouse or workhouse, or does any manual labor, business or work, except works of necessity and char-ity, or takes part in any sport, game, or play, except a sacred concert, shall be punished by a fine of $50 for each offense, and the owner of any hall in which said law is violated is liable to a fine of $500. It will be noticed that the church theater is exempted,Š" any sport, game, or play, except a sacred concert." FOR some time the Polish Roman Catholic Church, of Omaha, Neb., has been the scene of disgraceful fights between factions in the church. The latest developments are the burning of the church and the arrest of a priest as the probable incendiary. It is al-leged that the church was saturated in the second story with kerosene. By a court deci-sion the priest's faction would have been com-pelled to vacate the church in two days, and the evidence, it is said, clearly proves that the  priest and his faction decided to burn the church rather than abandon it to the other faction. And yet the Roman Catholic Church declares that she is the only power that can control the mobs of the world. Ł Ł OUR intelligent Delaware correspondent, Rev. 0. G. Buddington, a few months since, referred to the fact that in the State of Dela-ware an appropriation of five dollars has been made by the courts to each Sunday-school. The Baptists have declined it on principle, and have appealed to the legislature for the repeal of the law. Other denominations have united in this appeal, excepting the Roman Catholics and Episcopalians.ŠThe Examiner, April 11. THE latest news from the prosecuted Sev-enth-day Adventists of London is that the authorities have seized their goods to the value of $90, which they will sell to collect fine and costs, amounting to $30. The following brief statement accompanying the above facts, as issued by: the persecuted Adventists, will explain their attitude toward the prosecution:Š It is not from stubbornness or any disrespect to the authorities that the fines have not been paid. If they had been imposed for any ordinary infraction of the law, they would have been paid at once. But the fourth commandment forbids us to recognize Sunday as in any way whatever different from the succeeding five days of the week. To do so would be sin. Con-sequently, to pay a fine for violation of a human en-actment that' bids us recognize Sunday as _a day of rest, would be to put ourselves on the side of that hu-man law, in opposition to the commandments of God. If property is forcibly taken to satisfy fines, those who take it are alone responsible; but we cannot by any act whatever become partakers in the sin of the government in setting itself above the authority of the Creator. IN 1892 the Supreme Court of the 'United States declared that " this is a Christian na-tion," and cited as one proof the " Sabbath laws" of the various States. The leaders of the Sunday-law crusade immediately seized upon this decision as furnishing the highest possible authority for Sunday legislation. Armed with this decision the Sunday-law leaders besieged Congress to enact a law clos-ing the World's Fair on Sunday, not so much for the purpose of shutting, the Fair on Sun-day as for the purpose of committing Con-gress to the creation of a precedent-for Federal legislation favorable to Sunday sacredness. They succeeded, and Sunday, sacredness was declared established. But startling to .relate, the Congress of the United States desecrated in 1895 what it had halloWed, in 1892. It continued in session the greater part of Sunday, March.  3, and engaged in work just Ł as secular as that done by the imprisoned Adventists in Rhea-County, Tenn. But still more startling to the apostle of com-pulsory.  Sunday observance comes the infor-mation that the United States SUpreme Court, the creator of this " Chriatian nationi":held a session on Sunday, April 7, and performed work just as' secular as was ever perforined by an Adventist anywhere. Thus it would appear that the creators of the " Christian  nation"" and the " Christian Sabbath " have destroyed what they created. This fatal fact is becoming apparent to the Sunday-law advo-cates, and they have already declared their intention of turning the desecrators out and putting in their places men who will recreate what their predecessors destroyed. Now all this trouble could be avoided by accepting the Sabbath blessed and sanctified by the " Lord of the Sabbath," and which does not depend for its perpetuity on legislative or judicial action. IN harmony with what appears to be con-certed action on the part of the papacy in the United States to push the enforcement of Sunday laws, the Catholic Review, of March 31, publishes a defense of compulsory Sunday observance, in which occurs the following:Š In every one of the original States, including, of course, New York, the common law of England in force at the time of the separation was declared to be reenacted, with some exceptions bearing upon political sovereignty, land tenure, and the like, necessary to effectuate the separation and its new conditions. But the common law of England presupposed the Christian religion and that remained to the State of New York and is still in force. With this for a basis the article concludes that " the courts will be bound to uphold Sunday as a day of worship and of rest from unnecessary labor." This is the same position which has always been taken by those pro-fessed Protestants who were so anxious to secure the power of the State in support of their dogma of Sunday sacredness. Rome has a- number of dogmas-which she willyet.,  build on this same foundation ,with the same reasoning to the consternation of these unwise Protestants. Gov: TURNEY of Tennessee has pardoned all those Seventh-day Adventists who were imprisoned by the courts of his State some months ago for working on Sunday. There were nine-  of these convicts for conscience' :sakeinjail at one time, but the sentences of 'some of-them had expired before Gov. 'Turney acted. Ł They all belong to a colony of about 'three hundred located in Rhea County. One of them is a minister, and all are men of good character, whose only violation of the law was this one of . Observing Saturday and working 'on Sunday; Their -prosecution-was a bit of -bigotry, of which the best people in Tennessee have long been ashamed. But there is some-thing which -remains- to be done. That: is, to .change the lav'rs 'of Tennessee. in accordance with justice.ŠSpringfield ( Mass.) .Daily Re- pnblican, April 18. A CORRECTION. THEfirst twenty-fiveŁ thousand copies of the SENTINEL, of April 11, speaks of ex-Governor James D. Porter, of Tennessee, as " now United States Circuit Judge." This is a mistake. He was nominated by Mr. Cleve-land but not confirmed. The copies printed later correctly state that Mr. Porter is now United States Minister to Chili. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City 