AMERICAN SENTINEL. 691 tical jurisdiction, which means that none of its members under any consideration whatever, shall be judged by secular courts; re-establishment of all clerical privileges; abolition of the legality of marriages not sanctioned by the church; non-interference of the secular authorities with any legacies or grants obtained by the church; pro-hibition of religious associations to non-Catholics." This is like a drunkard trying to cure himself of de-lirium tremens by drinking more whiskey. France as an Example. Europe have given windows and the German church choirs are donating the organ. It is expected that the church will seat 1,400 people, and that its acoustic properties will be excellent. The entire cost will be about $500,000, and in order that American Christians may bear their share, Dr. Beyschlag is here to represent the case and receive subscriptions." But far better than this would it be to perpetuate the memory of the famous Protest by continuing to re-peat it and practise its principles wherever the opposite principles are put forward throughout the world. "Hartford Tames." IT was faith in democracy, in man, and in his des-tiny which enabled France to face banded Europe and carry its armies from Madrid to Moscow.ŠSenator Lodge. Stuff! It was a love of military glory, and the fool-ish idea that France could conquer the whole earth, which enabled Napoleon to lead a huge French army to its destruction at Moscow. The same foolishness led to the catastrophies of 1870-71 and to the accumula-tion of a public debt on which the interest is over $200,-000,000 a year. As a result of the crazy notions of their superiority to all the other peoples of the world which got into the heads of Frenchmen a hundred years ago, France is to-day a decadent nation, and so will this nation be whenever it submits itself to the guidance of the glory-grabbers who are seeking high office at the hands of the American people. A Monument to Protestantism. IT is interesting and gratifying to know that enough of the spirit of Protestantism is left in the lead-ing Protestant bodies of the world to carry out the pro-ject described in the following which we quote from The Independent:Š "A few years since a movement was started in Ger-many to erect at Speyer (Spires), on the Rhine, a memo-rial to the famous protest of the German deputies and princes presented to Charles V. in 1529 at the Diet in that city, from which the name Protestants has come. As all the Protestant denominations of every form are interested in it, it was decided to have the memorial take the form of a church. A site and plans have been selected, and the building has already progressed to the height of the roof. The style is Gothic and the material a hard, yellowish gray sandstone. There will be a hex-agonal tower 300 feet high, the ground floor of which is to be a memorial hall, 35 feet in diameter and 60 feet high, with a statue of Luther surrounded by the six pro-testing princes, while the arms of the fourteen protest-ing cities will be represented on the walls. Over the en-trance to the church there will be a fresco representing the delivery of the protest. The Protestant princes of ABRAHAM LINCOLN saidŠand the saying 3annot be too often repeated these days:Š "These arguments that are made, that the inferior races are to be treated to as much freedom as they are capable of enjoying; that as much is to be done for them as their condition will allowŠwhat are these arguments? They are the arguments that kings have made for en-slaving the people in all ages of the world. You will find that all the arguments in favor of kingcraft were of this class: They always bestrode the necks of the peopleŠnot that they wanted to do it, but because the people were better off for being ridden." England, the United States, and the Eastern Question. "Springfield (Mass.) Republican." FEW persons fully appreciate how deeply the United States has become involved with Great Britain through the Philippine adventure. No one who has much stud-ied the question doubts that the British government, almost solidly backed by the British press, did every-thing in its power to induce the Administration to take the Philippine Islands from Spain. This phase of the treaty-making is still shrouded more or less in mystery, yet there is evidence to sustain the view that England took a very active interest in the Paris negotiations. Months ago it was stated that a member of the American Peace Commission had intimated that strong representations had come from British quarters, urging the United States to take the whole group in order to check Germany's ambitions and prevent "a general European war,"Šthe menace of war being obviously a bugaboo. . . . Confirming with remarkable detail that information is the article printed in the Washing-ton Evening Star,. of last Thursday, the Star being a strong administration and imperialist paper. The Star's article is headed: "A new foreign policy;  this country and England to make common cause in the Orient," and its main purpose is to explain the great strengthening of the American fleet in Asiatic waters. That purpose, says the Star, is not to use the added naval force against the Filipinos, but to "put our hand into the (Chinese) pudding up to the armpit" in case 