In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per year, o 46 44 46 25 to 99 11 100 to 249 " " 44 44 46 46 61 250 to 499 " " 44 " 500 to 999 " " 44 44 " " 1000 or more 44 44 44 To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - - - 90c - - - 80c - - The Ł - 70c - - 65c, - - - 60c 5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York Mr. 328 AVICI@RICAN P41Nrr1tN1mrlii. . VOL. 9, gO. 41. NEW Youx, OCTOBER 18, 1894, rfrir ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. THE Civil Marriage bill has passed its third reading in the Hungarian House of Magnates. THE pope has again given American Catholics notice that opposition to Satolli must cease. THE London Standard, of the 10th inst., published a despatch from Rome saying that the pope will shortly address a spe-cial appeal to the clergy of the Anglican Church on the subject of church reunion. Ł WE print this week on our first page the conclusion of the article, " Christ or Peter ŠWhich." Let no one fail to read it; and if any have by any means missed the first part, let such secure it without delay. The time has come when it is not enough to bear the Protestant name; every man must be able to tell why he is a Protest-ant, to " give a reason for the faith that is in him." If you deny the primacy of Peter and the infallibility of the Roman Catholic Church, you should be able to tell why. THE Church of England has dedicated a church in Madrid and consecrated a bishop there. This has caused a sensation in Roman Catholic circles, and it is stated that the Primate of Spain is about to issue a pastoral protest against it. He main-tains that these acts are an aggression of the rights of the Spanish episcopate and declares that he will agitate the matter before the Cortes. The primate expresses the fear that the existence of the Protes-tant church will be the cause of religious conflicts. But why cause trouble ? It is scarcely possible that the primate expects the Episcopalians to attack the Cathtlics, NO he must fear that his own people will attack the Episcopalians. Why then does he not threaten with excommunication any Roman Catholic who disturbs the peace, and so save all trouble ? WE are informed that the defense in the cases of the Roman Catholic and the Episcopalian arrested in Queen Anne's Co., Md., for fishing on Sunday, will be that while the law forbids all persons to permit servants or children to engage in hunting, fishing, etc., on Sunday, it does not forbid responsible adults themselves from so engaging. The law says :Š Sze. 247. No person whatsoever shall work or do any bodily labor on the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday; and no person having children or servants shall command, or wittingly or willingly suffer, any .,of them to do any manner of work or labor on the  Lord's day (works of necessity and charity always excepted), nor shall suffer or permit any children or servants to profane the Lord's day by gaming, fishing, fowling, hunting, or unlawful pastime or recreation; and every person transgressing this section, and being thereof convicted before a justice of the peace, shall forfeit $5.00, to be applied to the use of the county. We are sorry that a mere technicality is to be relied on in these cases. We sincerely wish that the law itself might be tested on its merits. The great ques-tion is, Has the State of Maryland, in the constitution of which is embedded one of the most comprehensive guarantees of liberty of conscience, a constitutional right to compel Sunday observance by anybody ? This is the question that we would like to see brought squarely before the Maryland Court of Appeals in a case in which the defendants were not handi-capped by an immense pressure of reli-gious prejudice against them, as are the Adventists. THE Catholic News of October 3, notes the fact that at the recent National Confer-ence of the Unitarian Church at Saratoga, N. Y., " considerable time was devoted to papers by distinguished Catholics." One of the papers read on this occasion was by Judge William C. Robinson, of the Yale Law School. The subject was -" The Mutual Relations of the Catholic and Protestant Churches." It was read by a Unitarian minister. " Judge Robinson's argument," says the News,Š Set forth the dogmas airid doctrines of his church, and defended them from Protestant misconstruction. He invited the members of the conference to a calm and patient study of the faith once delivered to the saints and explained by the mother church and her pastors and teachers, declaring that for all individual men outside its pale the church has no condemnation, but prays unceasingly for their enlightenment. Uniting with the See of Peter is to be of the Church of Christ. Not 'to acknowledge the See of Peter is to form and constitute a human organization. In its unchanging doctrine and policy the Catholic Church can recognize no division or parting of the church, but to some extent the church can cooperate with Protestant bodies as with any other human corporation, in matters of humanitarian concern. Among these he mentioned the public schools, the hospitals and asylums, in the diffusion of charities and the maintenance of the Sab-bath observance and public morals, and stemming the tide of drunkenness, anarchy, and social impurity. In the latter field much in common can be done by Catholics and Protestants to hasten the time when there shall be one faith, as there is now one Lord and one baptism. Just what is meant by "one faith" may be understood from this editorial paragraph in the same paper :Š The only way to Christian unity is through the Catholic Church. She is the true, never-changing church, and she is always glad to welcome to her fold men from every denomination. In closing its account of the Unitarian Conference, the News says:Š We hope other denominations will follow the exam-ple of the Unitarians, and that distinguished Catholics will often have a chance to talk about their church in Protestant assemblies. Prejudice will thus be dis-pelled, and a long step toward the reunion of Chris-tendom will be taken. No doubt the example will be followed, if not in kind at least in effect and spirit, for the trend of the times is Romeward; not that so-called Protestantism is going bodily into the Roman Catholic Church, but that " Protestantism " has ceased to protest, and now apologizes for popish dogmas and has already largely adopted popish principles. POPE LEO XIII., in an encyclical letter dated November 1, 1885, addressed espe- cially to the Roman Catholics of the United States, said, among other things :Š We exhort all Catholics, who would devote careful attention to public matters, to take an active part" in all municipal affairs and elections, and to favor the principles of the church in all public services, meet-ings and gatherings. All Catholics must make them-selves felt as active elements in daily political life in the countries where they live. They must penetrate, wherever possible, in the administration of civil af- fairs; must constantly exert the utmost vigilance and energy to prevent the usages of liberty from going beyond the limits of God's fixed laws. [The laws of the Roman Catholic Church.] All Catholics should do all in their power to cause the constitutions of States and legislation to be modeled in the principles of the true church. No command of the pope is more faith-fully obeyed by American Catholics than this one; and in no American city have Catholics succeeded so well in their effort "to take active part in all municipal af-fairs and elections " and to " make them-selves felt as active elements in daily political life," and to ." penetrate every-where in the administration of civil af-fairs " as they have in New York City. As a result this city is ruled, or, rather, misruled, by Tammany HallŠan organi-zation controlled by Roman Catholics, and so rotten, as shown by recent investi-gations, that the very name " Tammany Hall " has become the synonym for cor-ruption. And now that the people of New York have risen in revolt against this fruit of. Roman Catholic activity " in all municipal affairs and elections," and are uncovering the shameful spectacle to the gaze of a horrified world, the church now comes pleadingly forward and says in substance, " Please don't let such little irregularities prejudice you against the holy mother church." Yet, in the face of all this, in the face of the examples of Spain, Italy, Mexico and New York City, professed Protestants are courting Rome and saying, " God bless the Roman Cath-olic Church of to-day." Be not deceived; by their fruits ye shall know them. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or In fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. 