24 AMERICAN SENTINEL. The Pathos of Peace. G. T. B. Gillmore, in Chicago "Times-Herald." "Crying, Peace, peace! when there is no peace." Jer. 8:11. MAD moon-struck Man still mews and moans and maunders Of times when wars and conflicts all shall cease, - As with unheeding step he further wanders Prom paths of Peace. Rude Russia's ruler rools his roving iris O'er martial hosts from Kara's Sea to Greece, The while he murmurs soft, "My chief desire is Perpetual Peace." Proud Prussia's puppet pranks his person petty In martial garb, o'erhung with pure white fleece, And deigns to honor thus the Holy City, Proclaiming "Peace." Big brutal Britain, braggart bravo brazen, Proclaims her sons the Deity's police, And thirty thousand "niggers" end their days in The "Paths of Peace." The screaming scribbler scrabbles, scrawls, and screeches, "To Š with Peace! These massacres must cease!" "Let us have war (and Cuba)," he beseeches, "For sake of Peace." A mammoth mound of molding marcid matter, The moon-eyed Mongol's empire nears decease; While hungry nations grab, with snarl and blatter, And call it Peace! With puling pansophy the preacher plans onŠ But population still demands release. Each man will want the space his neighbor stands on, And where is Peace? While whortling World whirls whizzing thro' the whereness, And hungry human parasites increase, Their cry will ever ring, in horrid bareness, "To Š with Peace!" WHEN the principles of free government are discarded abroad by a nation, they will soon be repudiated at home. The policy of "expansion" concerns not alone the people of Hawaii and the Philippines, but the citizens of every state and territory of the Union. * * * WHILE events are so rapidly occurring which mark the decadence of free government in the land that was thought to be its lasting home, do not imagine that you can afford to stand in the position of a mere spectator. The Almighty is not giving a show for any person's amusement. The interests of all persons are involved in the contest of opposing principles of freedom and des-potism. Every successive event is a new call to individ- ual action. To be wise you must be able to discern the signs of the times, and to recognize and understand the call of duty. THE decadence of religious freedom begins always in the hearts of individuals. If the principles of liberty are not cherished by individual citizens, they will not be re-spected in the laws and practices of the nation. There can be no question but that a new impulse from beneath is moving upon all hearts unfortified by the love of right, to sweep away every principle of freedom from the earth. On the other hand, the author of liberty is send-ing new power and light to every heart that is open to receive it. You must respond to the movings of the one spirit or the other; from this there is no escape. If you are an idle spectator now, you will be an actor in the drama sooner or later; but every day's delay lessens your chances for stepping in upon the right side of the controversy. * * THE resolution drawn up by Congress and signed by President McKinley, in April last, declared that "The people of Cuba are, and of right ought to be, free and in-dependent." * * * THIS was said when Spanish sovereignty was in force in the islandŠwhen that was apparently the only thing which stood between the Cuban people and the indepen-dence which was declared to be their right. Now that the obstacle of Spanish rule has been removed, it is ap-parent just how much real freedom and independence for the Cubans this manifesto contained. * * * ON the first day of January, 1899, Spanish dominion in the island came to an absolute end by the fiat of that power which had declared the independence of the Cubans before the world. The occasion was a momentous one, and the ceremony of the transfer to a new sovereignty was most impressive. It was the occasion on which the independence that had been asserted for the Cubans, and for which they had so long struggled, becameŠso far as Spain was concernedŠa full reality. But what part in this triumphant ceremony was allowed to the Cubans by the conquering power? ' The extent of Cuba's share in the occasion was indicated by the presence of a few Cuban officers, who came in the capacity of invited guests. No Cuban troops were allowed to be present, and when the Spanish flag came down from over the Havana fortress, no flag of Cuba libre appeared in its place. That flag was conspicuous only by its absence. IN this way did the United States make good its declaration that "The people of Cuba are, and of right ought to be, free and independent. For if they were free and independent, when this declaration 