106 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. more than the church did ; third, they were unable to pay for church privilegesŠseats, pews, etc.; fourth, lack of confidence in the preachers; fifth, poor clothes; sixth, the great power of capitalists in the church. He had found that Catholic workingmen are found to be the best church-goers amongst the laboring classes. The whole list of cases given by the World, with the exception of the sixth referred to, is of the same order as embodied in this classifica-tion. And the report was gathered from inter-views with all classes of the people except the extremely wealthy, embracing firemen, cabinet makers, brokers, factory .girls, hotel employes, men of all work, lawyers, theatrical people, street-car conductors, merchants, saleswomen, bar tend-ers, and even tramps. One of the saleswomen said she did not go to church because her em-ployer did, and that when a man who treated his employes as her employer treated his, was honored by the church, she considered it an honor to herself not to go there. Of the six who gave Sunday work as a reason why they could not at-tend church, one was a bar tender, who said he was "so busy on Sunday watching the side door and hand-ing the stuff over the bar" that he did not have time to go to church; one was a gatekeeper at the Staten Island ferry; another was a ticket seller on an elevated railroad station; one was a conductor on a Broadway car; and one was a druggist. By this account it is seen that not one in a dozen of the people who do not go to church are kept away by work. Therefore, when the Sun-day-law workers get the law which they seek, stopping work on Sunday in order for the people to go to church, they will have to follow it up with some other kind of a law by which they can persuade people to go to church, or else the pur-pose of the Sunday law will not be effected. Further; the reasons given, by those who were interviewed show that something more is needed to get these people to go to church than merely the adoption of a civil statute. These reasons show that the difficulty is deeper seated than can be cured by any such remedies as that; and not the least of these difficulties is the lack of real Christian effort and Christian principle on the part of those who do go to church, who do make a profession of Christianity, and even those who preach it; and the whole account published by the World shows conclusively that there is no remedy that can ever reach the case but the gen-uine preaching of the gospel of Jesus Christ. If those ministers, instead of agitating for Sunday laws, would step down from their $8,000 or $10,-000 pulpits; take off their gold rings; go amongst the people; swing wide open their church doors; make their pews free; strip off' the gold, silks, and satins, and the grand finery of the millionaires who sit in the pews; show by genuine kindness and Christian ministration that they have a real interest for the working classes and the masses who do not attend church, and a living interest for the salvation of their soulsŠthen the gospel of Christ might reach the working classes and find a response in their hearts. If half of the Sunday-law preachers would do this, they could do ten thousand times more than can all of them together by their agitation for Sunday laws. The common people heard Christ gladly, and so will they always hear those who preach him. A. T. J. "GOD is a spirit; and they that worship him must worship him in spirit, and in truth." Heartless Double Dealing. THE Rev. J. M. Foster, a "secretary" of the National Reform Association, has been holding forth in Cincinnati, and in his last report he says that when an opportunity was given to ask ques-tions, a student asked: "Would not the enact-ment of a National Sabbath law oppress the con-science of those who keep the seventh day?" He says that " it was answered," and the following is the way in which he did it :Š " We have Sabbath laws already in every State in the Union, with the exception of California. We would not think of abolishing these laws be-cause a few brethren object. Now what we want is to have the Nation fall into line with the States. The Legislature of Connecticut passed a law that no unnecessary trains should runŁ on Sabbath. Ten thousand railroad men were emancipated from railroad toil. But the mail trains ran through the State on Sabbath, and the State was powerless to prevent it. The State could not control the Na-tion's Sabbath profanation. A national Sabbath law, making it unlawful to continue the United States mail service or inter-State traffic on the Lord's clay, is what is needed." This is what Mr. Foster calls an answer to the question, " Would not the enactment of a Sab-bath law oppress the conscience of those who keep the seventh day?" His answer is, that most of the States have Sunday laws, and "we would not think of abolishing these laws because a few brethren object." That is to say, " What if it does oppress the consciences of those people? There are not very many of them anyway, and it doesn't make any difference if they are oppressed. We wouldn't think of stopping on that account." Let it be understood, then, that the National Re-form way of answering questions -as to whether or not their schemes will oppress conscientious peo-ple, is to say, " We don't care if they do." But another tack is sometimes taken, and it is implied in Mr. Foster's answer. It is this : When asked if a national Sunday law will not be op-pressive they say that all the States have Sunday laws, and the people are not oppressed, and that therefore no objection ought to be made to a na-tional Sunday law. This is a very common but a most unfair argument. It conceals the real ob-ject aimed at. The Sunday-law people would have us believe that all State Sunday laws are merely dead letters, and that all they want to do is to have a National Sunday law that will like-wise be a dead letter. They would have us be-lieve that they are working just for the fun of the thing, and that they don't expect their national law to be enforced. If they expect us to believe such an absurdity, they must give us credit for an extreme amount of gullibility. What do they themselves say when they are pleading with Congress for a Sunday law ? They say that they want a law that will make effective the laws which they already have. In his first hearing before the Senate Committee on Educa-tion and Labor, Mr. Crafts said : " The State has no power to stop the Nation's Sabbath breaking in its borders." That is just what Mr. Foster says. Read the last part of the paragraph quoted. He says that Connecticut has a Sunday law which is made of no account, because of the lack of a national Sunday law, which will stop the mails and inter-State commerce. In the hearing before the Committee on Edu-cation and Labor, in December, Mrs. Bateham gave the following as a part of the basis of their claim for a national Sunday law:Š "Nearly every State has its Sabbath laws, but  the national Government has none, though greatly needed, since the question has become emphatically a national one, and the very perpetuity or loss of our national rest-day, the Christian Sabbath, seems to depend on its being protected by the Gov-ernment from the encroachments of organized cap-ital, and the re-inforcement of State laws by national. "It is in gross violation of nearly every State Sabbath law that railroad's run their Sunday trains, yet these States are powerless to prevent it, since only Congress can control inter-State commerce." There you have it again. The object of the re-quired national Sunday laws is to breathe life into the too feeble State laws. And this is what Senator Blair said plainly, on the same occasion. After stating that the general Government takes advantage of the powers delegated to it by the States in the matter of the mail and inter-State commerce, to destroy the Sunday in the States, he said :Š " To prevent this is the object of this legislation. That is all that is undertaken here. It is simply an act proposing to make efficient the Sunday-Rest laws of the States, and nothing else." . Yet in the face of these declarations, the Na- tional Reformers try to beguile us into supporting the Sunday-law movement, or at least into withhold-ing opposition to it, by the statement that since State laws are largely a dead letter, this will be too ; that they are trying merely to get another law which will be dead when it is enacted. "Surely in vain is the net spread in the sight of any bird." Those who have read the article in last week's SENTINEL, entitled, " Where Sunday Laws Hit," will conclude that State Sunday laws are not al-ways dead letters. The Arkansas law was pretty active four years ago; what will it be with a na-tional law back of it to make it " efficient"? Illinois Sunday Legislation. THE " Brokoski Sunday Closing bill," intro-duced in the House in the Illinois Legislature, was tabled March 13 in the committee to which it was referred. Another bill, however, introducd by Mr. Cochennour, February 15, prohibiting the playing of base-ball on Sunday, is on the first reading in the House. There seems to be a fever-ish desire to get some kind of Sunday legislation. If it can't be an old straight-jacket law that will not allow even whistling on Sunday, they will accept anything, just so it is a Sunday law. Of course all they want Sunday laws for is to get a civil Sabbath. But the gentleman in speak-ing in favor of his bill before the House Judiciary Committee said that Sunday was made hideous in his part of the State by boys playing base-ball, "who ought to be at church." If it is only a civil Sunday that they want, why ought these boys to be at church in the place of playing ball? Would they not observe a civil Sunday if they quietly staid at home? The statutes of Illinois already provide a fine of $25 for anyone who shall disturb either the peace of society or private, families on Sunday. It seems to us that this is enough. If protection in worship and even private devotion was all that was wanted, the laws that we now have would be ample. In fact, our statutes are so framed that citizens of Illinois could be pro-tected in religious worship on Sunday or any other day without any Sunday law at all. For our statutes provide that "whoever, b) menace, profane swearing, vulgar language, or any disor-derly conduct, interrupts or disturbs any assembly of people met for the worship of God, shall be fined 