266 SIENT1INIL-42.1L., VoL. 8, No. 34. way of salvationŠthat without penance the system is even, in the church's own estimation, an empty shell. So closely connected, indeed, is penance with justi-fication, yea, so essential is penance to justification, that Cardinal Gibbons, in his book, "The,Faith of Our Fathers," in discussing " The Sacrament of Pen-ance," uses all along "penance" as 'syn-onymous with " forgiveness of sins " and "justification."ŠSee pp. 391-394, 411, 413. And, in fact, the Catholic version of the Scriptures reads, " Do penance," where the Protestant version reads, "Repent." It is therefore in order in this place to inquire, What is this doctrine, this " sacrament " of penance ? In answer, we quote from a book entitled, " Catholic Belief : or A Short and Simple Exposition of Catholic Doctrine ; " by the Very Rev. Joseph Fah Di Bruno, D.D., Author's American Edi-tion, edited by Rev. Louis A. Lambert, author of " ' Notes on Ingersoll.' Imprim-atur. John, Cardinal McCloskey, Arch-bishop of ew York; Imprimatur. Hen-riot's Edwardus, Card., Archiep. West-monast : Benziger Brothers, printers to the Holy Apostolic See." It is stated thus:Š Penance, by which the sins that we commit after Baptism, are forgiven. Now, as " baptism " is to be adminis-tered to the infant " at the earliest possible moment" ("Faith of Our Fathers," p. 313) it is evident that all the sins that a Catholic can possibly commit are " after baptism." And from this it certainly follows that as " penance" is that " by which the sins that we commit after bap-tism are forgiven;" and as without for-giveness of sins no person can be justified or saved; then penance is the very nucleus of the way of salvation provided by the Catholic Church. To a person who has grown up without " baptism" he can only obtain "the grace of justification," forgiveness, by, among a number of other things, " a resolution to approach the Sacrament of Penance."ŠCatholic Belief, p. 75. THAT is what penance is in definition, now what is it in practice ? What are works of penance and what are they really for ? Here is the official statement, under the heading, "Works of Penance : "Š In the case- of those who have fallen into mortal sin after baptism, when the guilt of such sin and the everlasting punishment due to it are forgiven, there still very often remains a debt of temporal punishment, to be paid by the sinner. This debt remains, not from any imperfection in the power of absolution in the Sacrament of Penance, nor from any want of efficacy in the atonement of Jesus Christ, but because by God's will, chastise-ment for past sins helps us to compensate for the imperfection in our repentance, and serves as a correction. The fear of temporal punishment often helps to strengthen the resolution of amendment ; it acts as a check to prevent us from again falling into sin, and excites us to make reparation for the scandal given. From this we see, whilst the God-man, Jesus Christ, has, by atoning for our sins, done f7hat we could not possibly do for ourselves, He has not dis-pensed us from doing, with the help of his grace, what we can, to punish ourselves for the offenses and outrages we have offered to God. Good sense tells us that this is but right and just.ŠCatholic Belief, pp. 191, 19Z So essential, so indispensable indeed, is penance to salvation in the Catholic sys-tem, that even the dying thief, whom the Lord Jesus himself pardoned on the cross Ševen he is taken up by the Catholic Church and made to do penance, when he, " in the spirit of penance, suffered the torment of his crucifixion, and the cruel brooking of hie lia2.1?s, as pcir.ialtivs justly due to his sins Ł, and it may be that it was the first time that he repented and received pardon of his sins."ŠId. p. 198. WELL, then, when the guilt of sin, and the everlasting punishment due to it, are both forgiven, if there still remains a debt to be paid by the sinner, then is not the sinner's justification, his- salvation, in the last resort, accomplished by himself ? And as this debt is to be paid in punish-ment, and that punishment inflicted by the sinner himself upon himself, then is it not evident that the justification, the salvation, of the sinner, in the last analy-sis, is accomplished not only by himself, but by punishing himself, and therefore by forceŠforce exerted upon himself by himself to save himself. This is not the salvation provided by Jesus Christ. The salvation provided in Jesus Christ is wholly of the Lord, not of self. The mind that was in Jesus Christ empties self wholly that God may appear wholly. BUT not only is this self-inflicted pun-ishment to pay up for the sins already committed, it is to " act as a check to pre-vent us from again falling into sin." And as I am to punish myself, to keep myself from sinning again, it is again myself saving myself from myself ; again it is salvation accomplished not only by the sinner himself, but by punishing himself, and therefore by forceŠforce exerted upon himself by himself to save himself from himself. Thus completely is it demon-strated that the salvation provided by the Catholic Church is " salvation " not of the Lord but of self; not by grace but by force; not through faith but through penance. So far however the application of this way of salvation is only to the cases of those who are hers and who can be led to apply this self-inflicted punishment. How about those who are not hers, and who cannot be led to adopt this way ? Oh, she is perfectly logical, and as "the fear of temporal punishment often helps to strengthen the resolution of amendment," she has recourse to the temporal power, to the help of the law and State author-ity," so that she herself may succeed in inflicting the due amount of punishment Šof penanceŠto " act as a check to pre-vent men from again falling into sin." This is not only the logic of the case but it is the doctrine of " the church." Pope Leo XIII. only a little more than one year ago, definitely published to all the world for the world's instruction, thatŠ The church uses its efforts not only to enlighten the mind, but to direct by its precepts the life and conduct of men; . . . and acts on the decided view that for these purposes recourse should be had; in due measure and degree, to the help of the law and State authority.ŠEncyclical of May 15, 1892. So " the church " sets forth her " pre-cepts" to direct "the life and conduct of men." But as there are many men who will not voluntarily conform to these pre-cepts, she requires the State to make her precepts a part of the " civil " law with the due penalty attached, so that " the fear of temporal punishment" may duly " act as a check to prevent the people from falling into sin." And so she has "-recourse to the help of the, law and State authority," in directing by her pre-cepts the life and conduct of men into the way of salvation which she has provided. And still it is all of force only, and but the logic of her own essential doctrine 9f penance which is its.ele only force, AND such has been her course from the first day that she ever succeeded in gain-ing the help of the law and Sate authority. This was when she and Constantine en-tered into alliance to bring men by force to the Saviour, and so to render them fit subjects of the kingdom of God, by bring-ing them to the Catholic Church. A pas-sage or two from the history of that' time, and that procedure, will be proper to cite here. Eusebius, the favorite bishop of Constantine, and who took a leading part in all that scheme of securing to the church the help of the law and State authority, has told us not only what the object of it was but how the object was accomplished. In speaking of Constan-tine and his great goodness and his like-ness to the Saviour, he says :Š That preserver of the universe [Christ] orders these heavens and earth, and the celestial kingdom, consistently with his Father's will Even so our emperor whom he [Christ] loves, by bringing those whom he rules on earth to the only begotten Word and Saviour, renders them fit subjects of his king-dom." Such was the object. Now as to how it was accomplished : This the same bishop relates by preserving to us the very edict of Constantine himself, A. D. 323, as fol-lows :Š Victor Constantinus Maximus Augustus, to the heretics: 11] lerstand now, by this present statute, ye Novatians, Valentinians, Marcionites, Paulians, ye who are called Cataphrygians, and all ye who devise and support heresies by means of your pri-vate assemblies, with what a tissue of falsehood and vanity, what destructive and venomous errors, your doctrines are inseparably interwoven; so that through you the healthy soul is stricken with disease, and the living becomes the prey of everlasting death. Forasmuch, then, as it is no longer possible to bear with your pernicious errors, we give warning by this present statute that none of you henceforth presume to assemble yourselves together. We have directed, accordingly, that you be deprived of all the houses in which you are accustomed to hold your assemblies ; and our care in this respect ex-tends so far as to forbid the holding of your super-stitious and senseless meetings, not in public merely, but in any private house or place whatso-ever. Let those of you, therefore, who are desir-ous of embracing the true and pure religion, take the far better course of entering the Catholic Church, and uniting with it in holy fellowship, whereby you will be enabled to arrive at the knowl-edge of the truth. In any case, the delusions of your perverted understandings must entirely cease to mingle with and mar the felicity of our present times; I mean the impious and wretched double-mindedness of heretics and schismatics. For it is an object worthy of that prosperity which we enjoy through the favor of God, to endeavor to bring back those who in time past were living in the hope of future blessing, from all irregularity and error, to the right path from darkness to light, from van ity to truth, from death to SALVATION. And in order that this remedy may be applied with effectual power, we have commanded (as before said), that you be positively deprived of every gathering point for your superstitious meetings ; I mean all the houses of prayer (if such be worthy of the name) which belong to heretics, and that these be made over without delay to the Catholic Church;' that any other places be confiscated to the public service, and no facility whatever be left for any future gathering; in order that from this day forward none of your unlawful assemblies may presume to appear in any public or private place. Let this edict be made public. Thus the very first fruit of her original recourse to the help of the law and State authority only the further, and the more emphatically if need be, illustrates that the way of salvation provided by her, is of force only. AND right there too, was set up her sign of her power and authority " to com-mand men under sin." Right there was set up her own sign of the way of salvation provided by her. Right there she by " the help of the law and State authority" PUbStit‚ited her owu $tinclay for the Sab. 