6 Es-i1N-91.'INT1H_ALas VoL. 10. No. 1. tenee itself was not strictly legalŠthat whereas the statute provides for a fine of 5s. or two hours in the stocks, the magistrate imposed a fine of only 2s. 6d. The recommendation for a remission of the sentence was to have been forwarded to the governor to-day.ŠSydney Evening News, Aug. 13, 1894. The last act in this interesting proceed-ing is given in the following telegram :Š Sydney, Monday. The Minister of Justice [attorney-general] having decided to recommend r, remission of the fine of 2s. 6d. imposed on Robert Shannon, a Seventh-day Ad-ventist, or two hours of public confinement in the stocks, for working on Sunday, the governor to-day approved of the recommendation.ŠMelbourne Argus, Aug. 14, 1894. Thus ends the legal proceedings of the second prosecution of Seventh-day Ad-ventists in Australia. It was only by the little technicality in the fine imposed by the magistrate that the government of New South Wales was saved the disgrace of placing an upright, honest citizen in the stocks for his religious opinions. We aro glad to see, on the part of the officers connected with the case, a disposition to evade such a step. We do not believe that the police or the magistrate undertook this prosecution on their own account. And the history of the case shows that the under-secretary, the judge, the attorney-general, and the governor, all manifested a desire to prevent this shameful proceed-ing from being carried to its utmost limit. Upon whom; then, we ask, does the re-sponsibility of this prosecution rest ?ŠA. G. D., in Australian Sentinel. "Render unto Caesar." THE brilliant pastor of the Portland Avenue Church of Christ, Rev. Carey E. Morgan, in his sermon yesterday morning, gave utteranco to a new gospel in Minne-apolis. His subject was, " Christ in His-tory," and toward the close he expressed himself very forcibly regarding the atti-tude of the Church toward the State, and public affairs in general, taking the ground that; Christ influences governments by in-fluencing individuals and would make man a better citizen by making him a better man. This doctrine is so contrary in its teaching to much that has been heard in Minneapolis pulpits during tho past few years, that the public will be interested in having Mr. Morgan's words on the subject practically in full. While Christ had directly influenced government, Mr. Morgan said that he had done it inadvertently. " He did not come to supplant earthly rulers, nor to enter into competition with them, nor to legislate for them. He said, My kingdom is not of this world,' and, Render unto Ca3sar the things that are Caesar's.' Paul exhorted the disciples to be obedient unto the higher powers.' Neither Christ nor his apostles stopped to deliver Philippics against the emperor or his representatives; and yet there was plenty of occasion for it, if they had had time. Paul said, This one thing I do.' It was Christ's purpose to get men to be good and to do good. This he would accomplish, not by govern-ment, but by the gospel. He did not at-tempt to make men good by law. He knew that men could not be made righteous by an enactment of the legislatureŠthat spirituality is a growth, and that it cannot be commanded, but must be culti-vated. " Let us not misunderstand his mission," said Mr. Morgan. " He did not come pri-marily to save men from hunger, or sick-ness, or bondage. He did not promise  them bread, or health, or liberty. He did not come to take the place of the baker, the doctor, or the legislator. Men may be good and do good in a monarchy as well as in a republic. He did not in-volve himself in these questions; and it would have been well if the Church, as such, had followed his example."ŠMinne-apolis Journal, Dec. S. Subject Unto the Higher Powers. THE first verse of the thirteenth chapter of Romans is often quoted to convince those who oppose the Sunday law that it is their duty to obey without question. It reads : " Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers. For there ii. no power but of God : the powers that be are or-dained of God." The Saviour himself ordained the "powers that be" (civil government) and commanded his followers to oboy them; Vat he never ordained civil government to legislate on religious institutions, or commanded the civil authorities to punish in any way any of their subjects for the non-performance of any religious duty. He has told us to follow his example. Hear his words, as recorded by his Apostle John: " He that saith he abideth in him ought himself also so to walk, even as he walked." 1 John 2:6. Now, He did not always obey the civil authority when on earth; for we read in Acts 4 ; 26, 27: " The kings of the earth stood up, and the rulers were gathered to-gether against the Lord, and against his Christ. For of a truth against thy holy child Jesus, whom thou Nast anointed, both Herod, and Pontius Pilate, with the Gentiles, and the people of Israel, were gathered together." The kings of the earth and Herod and Pilate were opposed to the Saviour of men, and as administrators of civil power, used it against him. Jesus refused to obey them. It is very clear that if he who ordained " the powers that be " refused to obey them, and tells us to walk as he walked, whenever these powers legislate contrary to him and his Word, it is our duty to disobey them. He taught, in his sermon on the mount, that not a jot or tittle of his Father's holy law should pass till heaven and earth pass. That law teaches that the seventh day is the Sab-bath. If the " powers that be " enact a law that enjoins the observance of Sun-day, if we follow Christ's example we will not obey it. For the Government to leg-islate against the fourth commandment of God's law, is to stand up " against the Lord, and against his Christ." Another text is sometimes quoted to convince seventh-day observers that they should be subject unto "the powers that be." It is found in 1 Peter 2 : 13, 14, and reads : " Submit yourselves to every ordi-nance of man for the Lord's sake : whether it be to the king, as supreme; or unto governors, as unto them that are sent by him for the punishment of evil-doers, and for the praise of them that do well." We are to submit to every ordinance of man for the Lord's sake. But when an ordi-nance of man is against God's law it is not for the Lord's sake to obey it. Those sent by the governor are sent to punish evil-doers. Now, he who obeys the fourth command of God's law, which enjoins the observance of the seventh day (Saturday), and refuses to obey man's law that enjoins the first day (Sunday), is not an evil-doer,  and no government has any right to send its officers to arrest and punish him as such. The Apostle Peter, who penned the last text quoted, with his companion John, disobeyed the civil power. They were called before the council and commanded " not to speak at all nor teach in the name of Jesus." Acts 4 : 18. They replied, " We cannot but speak the things which we have seen and heard." Verse 20. They did continue to speak the things that they had seen and heard from Christ, and as the result were cast into prison. But the angel of the Lord opened the prison doors, and brought them forth, and said, " Go, stand and speak in the temple to the people all the words of this life." Acts 5:19, 20. The ordinance of man put these apostles behind prison bars for speaking the words of life to the perishing people. They for-bade their speaking and put them in prison for doing so; but God delivered them by his angel and told them to speak "all the words of this life." God, who ordained the powers that be and told us to submit to every ordinance of man for the Lord's sake, told these apostles to disobey the civil authorities. They did right in dis-obeying. It was for the Lord's sake that they disobeyed. When they were inter-rogated by the magistrates, who asked, " Did not we straitly command you that you should not teach in this name ?" Peter and the other apostles answered, "We ought to obey God rather than men." Acts 5:28, 29. So say Seventh-day Ad-ventists. When God commands us to observe the seventh day and to labor on the first, it is not for the Lord's sake that the ordinance of man, which enjoins Sun-day rest, is obeyed. It is clear to every truth-loving soul, that when the powers that be enact any ordinance contrary to God's Word, it is the imperative duty of every person to disobey that ordinance. He who ordained " the powers that be," ordained also the limit of their jurisdic-tion. This is evident from the divine assistance given to those who were brought in contact with the laws of men that con-travened the law of God. Daniel, in the lions' den, the Hebrew children in the fiery furnace, the apostles in prison, and the martyrs in the flames, are encouraging examples to all who love God and his law above the laws of men, to disobey, without hesitation, any law that is against the law of their God. The Sunday-Sabbath law is against God and his. law, and Seventh-day Adventists are not evil-doers when they disobey it. E. HILLIARD. Brainerd, Minn. Sunday Closing in Denver. THE people of DenverŠled by the Chris-tian people, regardless of sect or denomina-tionŠare up in arms against the gambling evil. This is proper. Gambling is easily proven a detriment and menace to society. For this reason society has a right to sup-press it. But the ministers, especially the Prot-estant ministers of Denver, propose to make a crusade in the religious interest. They propose to close all places of business and amusement on Sunday. In other words, they propose to use the power of the State to enhance the power of the Church. It is claimed that a " violation " of the 