OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, JUNE, 1887. NUMBER 6, VOLUME 2. Ł Ł Ł Ł - Ł \ \ \ —",, Ł \ \'‚‚ N \Sk " Corrupted freemen are the worst of slaves." PUBLISHED MONTHLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING HOUSE, OAKLAND, CAL. E. J. WAGGONER, ALONZO T. JONES, J. H. WAGGONER, CORRESPONDING EDITOR.  EDITORS. TI2e An2epical2 Be0i12el. :Entered at Me Past-office in Oakland. . JUST so soon as the State presumes to pass a defining and discriminating judgment on spiritual things, it exercises powers which are foreign to itself, and thus passes out of its le-gitimate sphere of action.ŠSchuette. 44.  0 0  . SOME will say, " Well, if the National Re-form Association is supported by such em-inent men and women, it cannot be a bad thing, so no matter how strong it is." That is a very uncertain way of judging. Members and names are a good index of the strength of a party, but they are no real index as to the character of its principles. It is a well-known fact that the institution of slavery had as able, and no doubt as pious, men for its zealous supporters as could be found fighting for its overthrow; and many of the eminent and eloquent ladies of the W. C. T. V. were most earnest advocates of that institution. If they were mistaken then, it is not out of the range of possibilities that they are mistaken now. It has passed into a proverb, that "great men are not always wise ; " and when we see learned judges of the same court, giving decisions upon the same point, which directly conflict, we are warranted in concluding that wise men are not always infallible in their judgment. The only way to judge of any-thing is by its principles. Judged in this way, so-called National Reform is fotind to be a thing that is dangerous just in propor-tion as it has strength. We are very certain that a great many of the honorable men whose names appear as vice-presidents of that asso-ciation, have given it the support of their names and influence on the strength of what work-ing National Reformers have claimed for their movement, without closely examining its principles to see their tendency. For we are obliged to say that no man eminent for learn-ing or soundness of judgment (we cannot say as.  -to piety) is an active worker in the Na-tional Reform cause. This makes the situa-tion the worse, for if the movement should succeed, these who are foremost as agitators would come to the front. as legislators, while the learned then who are now silent partners, would still retain the back seats. Religion in the Public Schools. DR. WM. M. TAYLOR said: "It looks very pious to say that we should have religion taught in our schools; but it is terribly short-sighted, and exceedingly unstatesmanlike." The more the subject is examined, the more clearly will it be seen that this remark is just. We are every day admonished, especially in religious concerns, that it will not do to trust to appearances. Paul said his countrymen Ł had a zeal toward God, but not according to knowledge. The truth, Christianity, has had no greater obstacle to its success than the blind zeal of misguided friends. Zeal, earnestness, are the criteria of merit with some people. But loud harangues and long prayers are no proof of Christian standing. Fanaticism and self-confidence are always zealous, and never disturbed with doubts. Self-complacency is almost synonymous with pleasurable feeling, and many mistake 'good feeling for strong faith, though they may be as far apart as two things can possibly be. To shut the Bible and religious instruction Out of the public schools seems, to some peo-ple, 'to be a sacrilegious proceeding; but to maintain them in the public schools is not only very difficult, but very hazardous. So short-sighted, so illiberal and unjust, are the self-styled " National Reformers," that they accuse all of pandering to "the demands of liberalism," or even of favoring atheism, who do not assent to their propositions, and espe-cially if they do not favor the introduction of the Bible and religion into the public schools. Our feelingsŠwe might say our prejudicesŠwere once all enlisted on that side of the ques-tion. We changed only when we became thoroughly convinced that the plan is alto-gether impracticable. To carry it out, one of two conditions is necessary : 1. The people must be all of one mind; 'of one religious be-lief. But, practically, this is out of the ques-tion. Communities of that kind will be so small and so rarely found, if ever, that they cannot be taken into account in providing for general action. 2. One part or class in the community or the State must enforce the teach-ing of their religious opinions or convictions at the sacrifice of those of other classes. But this is outrageous and inquisitorial, as all must concede, as all will concede at once, except those who are actuated by selfish motives, and have no regard for the golden rule. This view of the case is no new thing, gotten up to meet the necessities of the present occa-sion. It contains the very essence and spirit of the Reformation ; not of the sham National  Reform of this day, but of the genuine Refor- mation of three centuries ago. In it is em-bodied all human rights of conscience and religious liberty. Horace Mann was one of the noblest educators that Massachusetts ever produced. He was a Christian of unques-tioned integrity. In his Twelfth Report on the Schools in Massachusetts he used the fol-lowing language :Š " But if a man is taxed to support a school where religious doctrines are inculcated which he believes to be false and which he believes that God condemns, then he is excluded from the school by the divine law, at the same time he is compelled to support it by the human law. This is a double wrong. It is politically wrong, because, if such a man educates his children at all, he must educate them else-where, and thus pay two taxes, while some of his neighbors pay less than their due propor-tion of one; and it is religiously wrong, be-cause he is constrained by human power to promote what he believes the divine Power forbids. The principle involved in such a cause is pregnant with all tyrannical conse-quences. It is broad enough to sustain any claim of ecclesiaStical domination ever made in the darkest ages of the world." Here is a plain statement of the case in few words; an argument which cannot be success- fully met. It was a very good idea of Rev. Dr. Tiffany, that " when our Lord said, ' Ren-der unto CEesar the things that are Cmsar's,' he drew a sharp line between the two ; " and, " exsar can only give what is his own." The Doctor touched an important point in the fol- lowing remarks :Š " The reason why so many of the people of the church act no better than the world's peo-ple is that so much of that divine institution of teaching religion has been taken out of the family and put into the hands of Sunday-school teachers. It is, I think, one of the cry-ing evils of the time, not that we have Sun-day-schools, but that so much of the function of the family is delegated to them. And when you say that the State shall teach relig-ion you cut the sinews of the church. The divine institution of the church which Christ himself appointed is not in mere teaching, in a series of doctrines, but in the atmosphere of prayer and devotion which it creates, with. the authority of the Master in the institution founded. by him for that purpose. The church is an institution not merely to state a fact, but to environ us with an atmosphere.. When my brother says he cannot send his child to a public school because religion is not taught there, why I would as soon say that I could not send my boy to a restaurant for a beefsteak because they do not give him a chapter of the Bible while he is there. This is a perfectly illogical conclusion from the premises and it is a perfectly impracticable plan in our cir-cumstances. It is a mistake to put the teach-ing of religion in the hands of the State and 