378 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, can punish for violations of a spiritual law. But a civil ruler cannot execute spiritual law. Therefore the proposition-is proved, that civil government has nothingŁ whatever to do with Spiritual law,: and such a law is the decalogue. This proposition,'becomes self-evident as soon as one views the law of God in the light in which he himself sets it forth. `We can say, then, without the slightest fear of successful contradiction, that human laws are not based upon, and do not derive their force from, the divine law. The State rightfully makes laws against the taking of human life, but not in any sense as an enforcement of the divine command-ment, or of any part of it. Does anybody sup-pose that a murderer who is legally hanged for his crime, will receive less punishment in the .great Judgment-day than if he had .escaped the civil penalty?---,Of course not. Man punished him for his inhumanity;. God punishes for im-morality; and the sixth commandment is not human, but divine. The great cause for confusion lies in a wrong Use of terms. Like the hypocritical Pharisees of old, men: have collie to confound morality and respectability-. A man who does nothing to shock the sensibilities of his neighbors, and who does not interfere with their rights, is called a moral man, when in fact he may be grossly immoral. He- is a good citizen, but if he is not pure -at heart he is not a keeper of the divine law in any sense whatever. That law is spiritual, and,  that which _is not spiritual is not to the slightest degree obedience-to it. If National Reformers and national Sunday-law, advocates had any just conception of the nature, of divine 'law, they. would cease" their insane -attempt to make-men moral bylaw, or to enforce the law of God. BUt_ because they have no:real knoWlecige of divine government, and fancy themselves competent to act as its high executive ;officers, ,,they also lose sight of the prime object ,of civil government, and ruthlessly trample -upon human right. w. ',Why We Oppose Religious Legislation. TfIIS is a subject that should,. be clearly de-finedin the mind of every individual, especially of-those who act as teachers either in public -or private, or who have the power to influence pub-lic opinion to any degree whatever. Those who favor .religious legislation very naturally imagine that opposition to their movement is actuated by selfish motives. They think that our only reason ..for opposing it is the fear-that it will -tend to in-convenience or endanger -us. We say it is very natural that they should imagine that- opposition to their -movement is wholly:sellish, because relig-ious legislation is actuated by nothing -hut the most selfish motives; and those who- advocate it cannot grasp the idea that there can be Łally ac-tion That is not selfish. T'o anticipate direct, ar-gument, we might call attention to the fact that their suspicion of- our motives gives evidence of their real ideas of the natural results of the suc-cess of -their movements If they- did- not know that their movement cannot fail, to result in. per-secution,. they would not think that our:, sole reason for opposing it is the :danger of being per-scouted. But this, we may say, scarcely enters into the-account at-all. Our reasons for opposing religious legislation are not personal, but general, and of such a nature that we think all candid persons can-Appreciate- them when- fairly -pre-:muted. The . first :-reason that we presentŠnot the strongest, yet in itself amply sufficient, and one that will appeal most strongly to,the largest number of peopleŠis that religious legislation tends directly to: the overthrow of civil liberty; it,is based on the principle that minorities liaVe no rights that majorities are bound to respect. :As the matter of religious legislation is a live issue at the present time, we will take for our proofs,  and illustrations items from the working of th'e' movement in this country. And first it will be necessary-  to show that religious legislation is sought for at the present time. This we can do by the statements of those who are working for a national Sunday 'law. In his plea before the Knights of Labor, for help in. securing a Sunday law, the field secretary of the American Sabbath Union said: A weekly day of rest hasiaever been perrhanently secured in any land except on the basis of-religious obligation. Take the religion out, and you take the rest out." Rev. J. H. ,Knowles, editor of the Pearl of Days, said in an. editorial of January 25, 1889:Š "It will become more and more apparent that the real defenders of the day are among those who re-gard it a divine, not merely a human-institution." Col. Elliott F. Shepard, in accepting the pres-idency of the American Sabbath Union, said :Š "The work, therefore, of this society is only just begun. We do not put this work on mere human reasoning; for all that can be overthrown by human reason. We rest it directly and only on the divine commandment."ŠPearl of Days, January 25, 1889. Article 3 of the constitution of the American Sabbath Union reads thus:Š "The object of this union is to preserve the-Chris---tian sabbath as a day of rest and worship." And finally, the Blair Sunday-Rest bill, which was so heartily indorsed by this union and by the National Reform Association, expressly declared that it should be construedŠ " To secure to the whole people rest from toil dur-ing the first day of the week, their mental and moral culture, and the religious observance of the_ Sabbath-day." This evidence might be multiplied, but it is sufficient to show that Sunday legislation is relig-ious legislation, and nothing else. Now let us examine its nature and results. In Prof. Herrick Johnson's address before the ' American Sabbath Union, on the Sunday news-paper, an address which the union circulated broadcast over the country as an official docu- ment, there are four propositions- laid down, the fourth one-of which, -taken from an Illinois Su- preme Court report, is as follows:Š " Every individual has the right to the enjoyment of the Christian Sabbath without liability to annoy-ance from the, ordinary secular pursuits of life, except so far as they may be dictated by necessity or char-ity." This proposition is a sound one. We have-no fault to find, with it in itself, but only with the way it is applied; for the Sunday-law advocates' idea of giving people a-right to rest on Sunday is to compel everybody to rest. The proposition that every individual has the right to the enjoy-ment of a rest on Sunday is :no more self-evident than that every individual has the right- not to rest on that day, but to rest: on some other day. Both these propositions being true, it is very clearly seen that ample provision is already made against anybody being unnecessarily disturbed on his chosen, day of rest. We concede that every-body who wishes to rest upon :Sunday has the  right, and should be protected in-the right, to do so undisturbed. But the very essence of Sunday legislation, and the only foundation upon Which it rests, is the-  theory that those who choose to rest on any other day than Sunday have no right -to the —enjoyment of that rest undisthrbed, and have no right to refrain from resting on Sunday. That this is what is implied by the,'proposition laid down by Mr. Johnson, and inchirse,d by the American Sabbath Union, is clearly shown by their official statements. Thus Dr. Edwards, in an address before the National Reform Conven-tion held in New York in 1873, having stated that the National Reform movement is opposed to atheism in the government, gave his idea of atheism as follows. Said he "The atheist is the man who denies the being of a God and a future life. To him, mind and matter are the same, and time is the be-all and the end-all of consciousness and of character. "The deist admits God, but denies that he has any such personal control over human affairs as we call providence, or that he ever manifests himself and his will in a revelation. - "The Jews admit God, providence, and revelation, but reject the entire scheme of gospel-  redemption by Jesus Christ, as sheer imagination, or, worse, sheer imposture. " The Seventh-day Baptists believe in God and Christianity, and are conjoined with the other mem-bers of this class by the accident of differing with the mass of Christians upon the question of what precise day of the week shall be observed as holy. " These are all for the occasion, and so far as- our amendment is concerned, one class." Here we find that when the National- Reform movement shall have succeeded, the individtial who does not regard Sunday will be counted as an atheist. Now listen to what Dr. Edwards said of atheists, in the same address :Š - " What, are the rights of the atheist? I would toler-ate him as I would tolerate a poor lunatic, for in my view his mind is scarcely sound. So long as he does not rave, so long as he is not dangerous, 1 would toler-ate him. I would tolerate him as I would a conspira-tor," This is simply saying that under the National Reform regime, the man who should dare to observe another day than Sunday would -be con-sidered as having no rights whatever, and enti-tled to no respect. If he should dare to publicly declare his belief, his insanity would be con-sidered dangerous, and he would be shut up. This has been stated even more plainly in an article in the Christian Statesman, July 7, 1887, entitled, "The Bible in the Public Schools," which was editorially commended as "a masterly ar-ticle." The writer said :Š Ł " Some advanced champions for freedom of con-science and the rights of men, in Britain and the United States, cannot be accommodated. In this cate-gory must be classed agnostics, atheists, and scientific infidels. For my part, without hesitation or apology, I deny such men any reasonable claim to Conscien-tious convictions and privileges at all." Now substitute in the above Mr. Edwards' definition of an atheist, and you have the simple statement that under National Reform govern-ment, people who do not observe SundayŠno matter how strictly they may observe another day of the weekŠwill not be considered as hav-ing any claim to conscientious convictions- and privilegesthey will not be considered as having any rights whatever. Now listen to another statement. It is from the Christian Nation, of September 15, 1886. This is one of the :official organsiof the National Reform Association, and therefore may be de-pended upon as properly repreS6ntilig National Reform. I read :Š 