AMERICAN SENTINEL, 121 Sunday-closing crusade, begun by Mayor E. A. Brinck-erhoff. The barber shops and butcher shops were closed all day." The Work of the Trusts. A MAN committed suicide in this city [Creston, Ia.] recently. The reason he committed suicide was because of financial losses which he sustained through the "trust" methods of doing business. He had been a grain buyer but was unable to continue in that business because he had been shut out by the elevator or grain warehouse combinations of Chicago and St. Louis. In his office fastened to the front of his desk was a letter from one of these warehouses acknowledging the receipt of a consignment of grain. But that was not all of the letter. It continued, "We are sorry to learn that you are not a member of the Š Grain Buyers' Association. We consider it a most worthy organization ,and would respectfully suggest that you become a member of it." The letter informed him that because he was not a member of that'association they could receive no more grain from him.. He informed the writer that in the same way he had been shut out of Chicago and other St. Louis warehouses and if he could not do something to raise the boycott against him he would soon be shut out entirely. In reply to the question, "Why not join the Grain Buyers' Association," he said that the association was a combination to hold down the price of grain as it was bought from the farmers, that it was formed only for dishonest purposes and that he would not be a party to any such organization. It is against the laws of this State to form such an organization as this association is, and this man had appealed to the State authorities for a redress of his grievances. But he found no relief and the process went on, until in despair, he ended his life. Inquiry among those who had known him for years established the fact that he was recognized as a very honest and straightforward man, and one whose word was trusted by all who knew him. Here was manifested the spirit of the men who form those combinations called, trusts. They not only set out to control the prices of things but also are ready to shut off from buying and selling all who will not unite with them in their wicked schemes. And in doing this they have no regard for the welfare, nor even the lives, of those who oppose them or stand in the way of their ambitious plans. This is a forcible illustration of what will be done in a more general way when those who "worship the beast and his image" undertake to enforce that worship upon all who dissent from them. If a few men can shut a fellowman off from selling wheat and corn how easy will it be to shut off from both buying and selling all who will not submit, when all are united in that purpose. J. 0. BEARD. The Sunday Law Against Spiritualism. THE Sunday law has been invoked in this State for the suppression of a Spiritualist "séance," or of what claimed to be such. The facts of the case are given in a press ',dispatch from Mt. Vernon, dated the 11th inst., as follows:Š "Acting upon requests of the pastors of some of the leading churches of this city and with the approval of Mayor Fiske, Chief of Police Foley to-night prevented a séance of Spiritualists, which was to have been held in the People's Opera House. More than five hundred persons, many of them from Yonkers, White Plains and other places, were turned away. Manager Ring, of the Opera House, stood on the steps all the evening and told the people who came to attend the show that it had been postponed on account of police interference and would be held to-morrow night. "The séance was to have been given by Dr. Alexan-der Hume, his wife and two assistants, who, according to circulars printed in' both English and German, dis-tributed widely in this and other cities, are 'the cele-brated and wonderfully-gifted mediums, who have just arrived from London,England?' These circulars prom-ised that they would cause spirits to fly through, the air and converse with persons in the audience, tables to float in mid air, music to be played by unseen hands, bells rung and thoughts read through a copper wire stretched the full length of the room. 'Clergymen,' said the circulars in conclusion, 'are amazed, scientists dumb-founded. Sceptics are invited to occupy front seats. A. nominal fee of admission will be charged to defray ex-penses.' 'The circulars fell into the hands of some of the local clergymen, and this morning one of them called up Chief Foley on the telephone and told him that as the séance was in the nature of an entertainment it should not be permitted to go on. Chief Foley prom-ised to visit the Opera House and stop the performance immediately if the law was being violated. A delega-tion of ministers and church people visited Mayor Fiske and asked him to stop the affair. They said it would be in the nature of an exhibition, and, anyway, bring-ing back of the spirits of the dead and causing tables to float about in the air, they thought, were not proper things to be going on in Mount Vernon on Sunday night. Mayor Fiske and Chief Foley decided that the best thing they could do was to stop the show, so they notified Mr. Ring to call it off. They said it was an en-tertainment, and was, therefore, a violation of the Sun-day laws. Mr. Ring was indignant but was forced to comply. "'The great trouble is,' said he to-night to a crowd in front of the opera house, 'that there are other shows in town. The ministers don't want anything that will keep people away from their churches.' "The Spiritualists, of whom there are a considerable number in Mount Vernon, were also indignant. They thought the mayor and police had exceeded their au-thority. Some of the women who were turned away from the opera house stamped their feet and declared,  that they would never go to any of the Mount Vernon churches again." 