782 AMERICAN SENTINEL: rescue work in London, New York and elsewhere, with success. She has recently resuscitated a languishing rescue home in Minneapolis, Minn. In explaining why she was a rescue worker she said that her Master was such; and that he had rescued her from the depths of hell just as verily as though she had been a drunken or an immoral woman. Mrs. Isabel Wing-Lake gave an interesting outline of her work during the past ten months, during which time she had traveled 15,000 miles, had spoken in one hundred and ninety-eight cities and nineteen states. She claimed that present existing moral conditions are an evidence that men are blind; that they are unable to see God's thought for the birth of children; nor what the world, the flesh, and the devil are doing to destroy children; that men do not see the suffering that is about them, nor what might be done to alter present conditions. And, more than all this, men do not see God's offer of power and his willingness to supply funds in this service when his conditions are met. As means by which reforms could be brought about, she mentioned the scattering of literature among the suffering classes, by visiting the poor in their homes and doing their work while they are at purity conferences, by befriending factory girls and instructing them in regard to proper dressing, food, and hygiene in general; by visiting city officials and praying in their offices; by organizing rescue homes and "life-saving" stations. She said that small efforts were sometimes greatly blessed for good. Some Christian women sang in one town beneath the window of a sinning sister, and that single song saved -her. A call of fifteen minutes at another place by some ladies had resulted in closing the place and releasing and re-claiming to virtue four inmates. Miss Bell Mix repeated her address on "Purity's Greatest Foe," at one of the churches during the W. C. T. U. convention. There were three addresses upon this occasion, Elder A. T. Jones, of Battle Creek, Mich., giving one of them, speaking from the standpoint of the man. He repudiated the common idea that the woman was the greater sinner, and that she was the leader in sin. He declared that man could, if only he would, restrain his vile passions; and that if he would do so, the results would be immediate in the complete transformation of society; that before midnight there would be no more rescue work to be done for all would be rescued. He supported Miss Mix in her declaration that the procrea-tive powers should only be brought into exercise when there was a desire for children; that this and this alone was the purpose of our Creator. But time will not permit to tell of all the good things that were said at this conference. It was a notable meeting, and its influence will be far-reaching. Person-ally, I will say that in the line for which the conference was held, it was the most remarkable meeting in my ex-perience. May the blessing of God go with these earnest workers. The War of Principle.ŠNo. "ALECK, I have been studying the Book of Acts to see the results of power from on high upon the disciples. It really is marvelous, and completely upsets my theories in regard to character building. . The gift of God's Spirit and its unseen operation did more for tfie wavering, weak men, than years of education could have done." "Yes, that is so, Cecil. The plan of ,salvation was devised because men in themselves are helpless. 'There is none that doeth good, no, not one.' In me . . . dwelleth no good thing.' Who can bring a clean thing out of an unclean?' Without me,' said Jesus, 'ye can do nothing.' That is, without an indwelling Christ, no good is from us." "Right there, Aleck, I am puzzled again. How is it, then, that good does appear in men who make no profes-sion of Christ, and have not even heard of him?" "It means that they have the experience of Cyrus, of whom it is said, 'I have girded thee, though thou hast not known me?' This is accounted for on the ground of the text, that Christ is the light that `lighteth every man that cometh into the world." "Then if every man is lighted, why is not every man saved?" "Because the light is not cherished, but rejected. `This is the condemnation, that light is come into the world, and men loved darkness rather than light.' The responsibility of our salvation or condemnation will rest wholly on us. Abundant provision has been made for our transformation, even to the bestowing of the heav-enly Spirit to, operate our brain and control, with our consent, every motion and emotion." "Such a plan, with such provisions, is utterly out of harmony with' the idea of legislative reform so much talked of to day. I am more and more astonished at the irreconcilable character of the two principles we have started to discuss and illustrate." "From the remotest ages there has been war between them. Let us notice how this war was manifested in the early history of Christianity. What kind of a reception did the world give the witness of the Holy Spirit through the disciples?" "At first there was a great turning to God. Three thousand were converted at once, and souls were added daily to the. church." "This was the springing up of the seed sown during 