NEW YORK, MAY 14, 1891. 160 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. VoL. 6, No. 20. - NOTE.Š Any one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-.able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. IT is stated that those who cause arrest of persons for having their places of business open on Sunday, in Tacoma, have learned that they must themselves pay the costs. Under the direction of Mr. Crafts an ordinance had been drawn up making the city responsible for the costs in all such cases, but it failed to pass. THE Reformed Presbyterians are having a warm time among themselves over the suspension of the seven ministers who, some months since, took the position that voting under the United States Constitu-tion as it is, is 'not sin. The Christian Nation, the New York organ of the de-nomination, is full of the controversy, and it seems that the end is not yet. THE Christian Christian Advocate, of May 7, re-marks that some persons become wonderfully interested in working people when they wish to crowd a measure through and can find no good argument in its favor. Let us look after the interests of working people by all means, but let us not invade the laws of God and nature under pretext of providing for any class. That is just what we have always said. PRESIDENT SHEPARD, of the American Sabbath Union, is profoundly concerned because of the refusal of the World's Fair Commission to decide definitely and at once to close the great Fair on-the first day of the week. On a recent Sunday he' told the congregation of the Asbury Methodist Church, that the reason why Chicago has of late been in the clutches of the grip was that the directors of the coming World's Fair in that city have not yet decided whether or not the Fair shall be closed on Sunday. Upon this the Recorder re-marks that " it would perhaps be interest-ing to know what, in Colonel Shepard's opinion, is the cause of the grip in New York, and whether there is such a thing as a sin bacillus." The readiness with which those who are engineering this Sunday business consti-tute themselves interpreters of God's deal-ing with men, is amazing, or would be, did we not remember that ofttimes " the wish is father of the thought." These men covet the power to punish those who be-lieve and practice differently from them- selves, but not possessing that poWer they imagine that the misfortunes common to all men are special judgments from God upon those whom they deem great sinners -while they themselves are saints. In all such cases the words of Christ recorded in Luke 13 : 1-5 are to the point. The President of the American Sabbath Union may suppose that the grip in Chicago is an evidence of the special displeasure of God against that city, but the conclusion-is altogether gratuitous and only shows that some people would love to have it so, and would, if they could, add to the sup-posed divine judgment, tangible evidences of their own displeasure. THE National Temperance Congress has been called to meet August 18 and 19, 1891, in the Auditorium of the National Prohibition Park, Staten Island, New York. " We ask," says the call, " all lo-cal, State and national temperance societies (regardless of sex or politics), and all churches and Sunday schools, and other associations which hate the saloon, to send representatives to the National Temper-ance Congress." IN Russia the Russian who deserts the national religion for a purer form is a traitor to the State, and will be punished promptly as such. In this country the American Sabbath Union is doing all in its power to place all who do not keep Sunday under a like ban, to disgrace' them in the eyes of their fellows, and to punish them by law. The principle in either case is the same, and it is no better in America than in Russia. A ST. PETERSBURG dispatch, of April 30, says :Š The priests and pastors of Moscow are over-whelmed with requests from Jews for baptism in order to avoid expulsion. The law prevents such conversions, except in the case of Lutherans and Catholics, and then permits conversions only in limited numbers. The reasons for these requests for bap-tism is that the Russian Government is expelling the Jews; the dispatch contin-ues :Š The- expelled Jews are cruelly treated, being marched out of the city afoot chained in bands by the wrists. The Russians afterward pillage the deserted shops and houses. And this is practical National Reform by a " Christian Government " that rules by " divine right " 1 IN opposing the Sunday opening of the Museum of Art in Central Park, .the Christian at Work says:Š The Museum is already open two evenings of the week ; and it is the testimony of the officers of the Museum that the attendance does not show that the laboring or artisan class avail themselves of the opportunity to any notable extent. There is no reason to suppose that Sunday opening would be justified by the attendance. There is no force to this objection. The fact that workingmen do not rush to the Museum in the evening is no evidence that they would not go on Sunday. The only reasonable presumption is that the Sunday attendance would be large, and largely of those who can not well spare the time to go on other days. THE Mail and Express is also troubled over the agitation in favor of opening the Metropolitan Museum of Art on Sunday. It asserts that the whole movement for opening museums on Sunday is backed by the enemies of the American Sabbath, and by the liquor dealers and others who are constantly trying to introduce European license into this country. As for the anticipated benefits to the workingmen of opening the Museum, ex-perience shows that they would not follow. The Paris art galleries are visited by very few working-men on Sunday, and the galleries in London were closed in pursuance of a petition signed by the workingmen themselves. The charge that this movement is backed by the liquor dealers is simply silly, and is as false as it is foolish; nobody but Editor Shepard would ever suggest such a thing. We would beg to suggest to the Mail and Express that there is some difference between the workingmen of Paris and those of New York, and the difference is altogether in favor of the workingmen of New York; many of whom are quite as capable of appreciating the beautiful as are the members of the "Four Hundred." We also rise to remark that the action of the workingmen in London, wheedled as they doubtless were by Sun-day-law advocates, should not be consid-ered as binding American workingmen. The Mail and Express should infuse a little honesty and common sense into its advocacy of Sunday closing of museums. WE have received from the author, Rev. A. P. McDiarmid, pastor of the Taber-nacle Baptist Church,-  Brooklyn, a copy of an excellent pamphlet entitled, " Should Church Property Be Taxed ?" Mr. Mc-Diarmid answers in the affirmative and supports that answer by irrefutable argu-ments. The pamphlet is the best thing on the subject that we have seen, and should be read by everybody. The pub-lisher is E. Scott, 134 West 23d Street, New York. We do not know the price, but think that 10 cents sent to the pub-lisher would secure a copy. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the  United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $ 1 00 In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 51s. Address AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York. 