282 THE A.NIER.ICA.N SENTINEL. and belonging to God," but is " attributing to him that which is not agreeable to his nature." And to attribute to God such a sentiment inc character as to imply that he would receive as a token of gratitude to him, and thus make himself a party to, an act done merely as an immigration scheme or for political party effect, is nothing else than to make him as they themselves were, mere poli-ticians ; and was s certainly to attribute to him that which is not in any sense agreeable to his nature. We have said that this is important to the peo-ple outside of the State of Washington, in view of the fast growing demand for an amendment to the Constitution of the United States embodying the same ideas, or proposing to recognize religion in some way in that instrument. In view of the result in the Washington convention, it is not by any means a groundless fear that when such a prop-osition comes before Congress, it will be passed, and for the same reasons, supported by the same arguments, and by the same kind of men. Nor is it by any means an extravagant conjecture that when Congress shall pass such a measure, it will be adopted by the people. It may be said by others as it was by its ad-vocates in the convention, that being a mere mat-ter of sentiment, it will not amount to anything either way. But before many years there will be questions before the Supreme Court of Wash-ington that will demonstrate that that thing is much more than a mere sentiment and will amount to a good deal. Mr. Turner, who so strongly advocated the sentiment, is spoken of as a candi-date for the Supreme Court, and if, upon a ques-tion of religion before the Supreme Court, his influence should prevail, the first effect of this supposed sentiment would be the establishment of a religion and the enforcement of its observance. It is not a harmless thing. It has proved to be a very harmful thing in New York, and other States. That part of the preamble to their constitution ought to be decisively rejected by the people of Washington. A. T. J. Is It American or Papal? THE Catholic Review, of June 9, 1889, con-tains the following editorial note which explains itself in such a way as to be of much interest in the ,discussion of the question of religion in the public schools :Š The Congregational Club of Brooklyn held its last meeting of the season a few days ago and had a most distinguished attendance. The speaker of. the evening was Rev. Thomas B. Mc-Leod, who asked and answered the question: " Shall the-public schools be secularized ? " The points which he developed were : That the wel-fare of the State demands that the instruction of her children shall embrace the inculcation of a atrong morality; that the culture of the conscience, as well as of the intellect, is essential to citizen-ship; that religious instruction is essential to na-tional morality; that it is the business of the State to make religious instruction one of the prime factors in the system of education. No nttion that has divorced religion from instruc-tion has escaped moral ruin, said Mr. McLeod. We are very thankful to the reverend gentleman for his strong words in behalf of the religious principle in education. The Pope himself is not stronger than he on this important matter, and as there is not the slightest doubt that he repre-sents the opinion of many thousands of honest  thinkers, it is encouraging to Catholics to hear such language on such an occasion. The points upon which he might differ from a sound Catho-lic are too unimportant to discuss. When a man holds one true principle of the fundamental kind, he is not apt to be over-prejudiced against his supporters in the opposite camp, a fact which Mr. McLeod well illustrated in his own speech. He said not a word against Catholics. The Washington Constitution. ,DEBATE ON THE PREAMBLE. THE folloWing report of the debate in the Con-stitutional Convention of the new State of Wash-ington, is of peculiar interest,. We print the full-est report we have been able to find:Š Article 1, the preamble and declaration of rights, was taken up, and the convention .went into committee of the whole, with Stiles, of Ta-coma, in the chair. The whole article was read, and then the pre-amble was taken up, reading thus :Š " We, the people of the State of Washington, to preserve our rights, do ordain this constitution." Lindsley moved the following substitute:Š "We, the people of the State'of Washington, grateful to Almighty God for our freedom, to se-cure and transmit the same unimpaired to suc-ceeding generations, do ordain this constitution." Dyer moved to add after "State of Washing-ton" these words: "Grateful to Almighty God for the blessings of liberty and self-government and order." Turner said he also had a pet preamble which he should like to lay before the committee. It reads thus: Š "We, the people of 'Washington, in 'order to form a more independent and perfect government, establish justice, insure tranquillity, provide for common defense, promote the general welfare and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and to our posterity, profoundly grateful to Almighty God for this inestimable right, and invoking his favor and guidance, do ordain and establish the following constitution and form of government for the State of Washington." Mr. Lindsley withdrew his substitute in favor of Mr. Turner's. Mr. Dyer's motion was first considered, and that gentleman argued briefly in favor of placing the name of God in the constitution. Mr. Comegys said : " I am opposed to the sub-stitute. The gentleman is in favor of it because he thinks we ought to be grateftzl to Almighty God. I would like to ask ,him if he thinks this provision would add anything to our gratitude by being in that preamble. He admitted the 'ne-cessity for brevity, and has made it as brief, he says, as he could and include that point. Now, as I understand it, Mr. President, this has noth-ing to do with gratitude or reverence, or irrever-ence. A man may be very reverent or very grateful without lifting up his voice on the street corners, or he may lift up his voice and claim to be very grateful and yet not be grateful. The question is, Shall we advertise it in this' way? Has it anything to do here ? The framers of the ConstitUtion of the United States had this matter under advisement, and after mature deliberation (and many framers of that Constitution were de-vout Christians), they deemed it not wise to have any reference to the Deity, because they had agreed that Church and State and matters of re- ligion should be forever separate from 'civil gov-ernment. Now, what object is to' be attained ? Will we be more grateful by reason of putting it them, or will we be less grateful though we do not put it there. The preamble should briefly state the facts. The preamble of the Constitution of the United States recites somewhat more, as it ought. If it is our duty to put that in the Constitution, how much more should it have been the duty of the framers of the Constitution of the United States to put it in theirs." Mr. Turner said: " I admit that this is purely a matter of sentiment, but it accords with the feel-ings of ninety-nine out of every hundred citizens of -Washington. We are here to make a consti-tution for the soverign people of 'Washington, and it would be a disregard of their desires to omit recognition of the Deity." " S. G. Cosgrove said : " I do not consider this a special time to show our respect for the Deity, nor do T consider it an attempt to connect the Church and State by recognizing God in the constitution, but I do consider it a respect for the opinions of mankind that we recognize the name of the Deity in our constitution. It does not in any way as-sociate the Church and state because of this recog-nition of God or a deity. It is not necessarily recognizing the church in any sense. We are framing a constitution not only for ourselves, but for the people of this vast country. We expect to get a large amount of immigration into this country before many years, and I do not care what the committee intended by leaving it out of this preamble, the masses of people of the United States will take it as an indirect attack upon the church, and as an indirect pandering to infidelity by leaving out this word. Let me say, gentlemen, that this territory would have been built up long ago had it not been that the people of the East believed that 'Washington Territory was a heathen land, peopled by heathens, without government. You can go back to the Eastern States to-day, and they are but now commencing to learn that the people of Washington Territory are civilized and enlightened; and when that feeling is worn off among the people of the United States you will see such a pouring of people into this Territory as has never been seen or known in any other State in the Union, and you cannot 'afford by a little bit of pandering to infidelity, to leave out this word in our constitution. I say if we, in this convention, do not respect God, God will not re-spect our work. I say further that the man who is not accountable to a deity of some kind or other, is unsafe in any community, and if we advertise ourselves as attempting to avoid this, I do not care for what purpose, you will see that it will check a great portion of the people that come to this country from remaining. You can well afford to put it in, but if it is left out it will do us such an irreparable injury that none of the framers of this constitution can now conceive of.", Mr. Buchanan said that apart from any pe-cuniary consideration, it behooved man to con-sider that he didn't stand at the head of creation. There 'is some intelligence far above and beyond the stretch of our intellectuality. " I ask to be placed in no better company than him whose name this State bears. I ask to have read the following as a part of my remarks " :Š The first inaugural address of Washington was the document sent to the desk, and the clerk read it. Mr. Turner moved his form of preamble as a substitute for Mr. Dyer's, and expressed briefly his 