mŁ  TWO REPUBLICS. Of Great Importance to Every American Citizen. .AMERICAN SENTINEL. 221 Woman's Noblest Vocation. THE MAKING AND KEEPING OF A SUNNY, CHEERY HOME. "Goon housekeeping is easy housekeeping, and if a woman wears herself into shreds and tatters keeping house the case is proven against her," writes Helen Wat-terson Moody, in the April Ladies' Home Journal. "It is precisely in her ability to guard against this contin-gency that the housewife shows herelf not only a good executive officer but as well a woman with ideals and a sense of proportionŠone who does not forget that house-keeping is a means to home-making, not an end in itself Šthat the most perfect administration of domestic mat-ters will not make a family happy in whom the love and spirit of home do not dwell. HomeŠnot only a place to eat and sleep and work in, but a place to be happy in, a place to rest in and to be soothed, a place in which to love and be loved, a place for confidences, and counsel, and strengthening words and hope, and heartening. It is a good thing, and a noble thing, and a satisfying thing to be a good housekeeper; there is no profession of which and in which a woman can be so proud, and when so blessed in head and heart and hand as to be able to make and keep one of those real homes which is a 'little sunny spot of green in the great desert of the world'Šif there is anything better than this in life I have not yet found it." By ALONZO T. JONES. A COMPARATIVE HISTORY OF THE TWO GREATEST REPUBLICS, Rome AND THE United States The study of years and elaboration of many volumes, are presented in a concise and pleasing manner. In reviewing the history of the Roman Re-public, the rocks upon which she stranded have been clearly pointed out. It contrasts the principles underlying enforced religious observances, with the true principles of RELIGIOUS FREEDOM FOR EVERY flAN. which are guaranteed by tne Constitution of the United States. The "Two Republics" comprises 896 octavo pages, and is printed from clear, new electrotypes, on fine, tinted paper, beautifully and substantially bound, and is illustrated with 67 full-page engravings. The work is furnished in the following styles of binding:Š Thin paper edition, plain edges . $1.85 Cloth, marbled edges, - - 2.50 " Gilt edges,  3.00 PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Oakland, Cal. Kansas City. Mo TO OUR PATRONS: 1. -Write Names Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bang Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. if paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. AMERICAN S   Fi:NTIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom-promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE - INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, Single Copy, Per Year $1.00. " Six months - .50. "" Three months .25. ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York. IMPORTANT TRACTS. Elihu on the Sabbath. B. S. L., No. 42. A brief but clear and forcible setting forth of the Bible argu-ment on the Sabbath question. $1.00 per 100. Which Day Do You Keep and Why? B. S. L., No. 48. By G. W. Amadon. A clear, pithy tract, good for busy people. It gives God's answers to man's excuses for not obeying Him. .50 cents per 100. From Sabbath to Sunday. B. S. L., No. 95. Among other important testimony concerning the Sabbath question, this tract contains "Father" En-right's $1,000 challenge for Bible proof of the sacred,-ness of Sunday. It is unanswerable. 50 cents per 100. Who Changed the Sabbath? B. S. L., No. 107. This is one of the best numbers of the Library, and has been thoroughly revised. It contains the testi-mony of Protestant and Roman Catholic authorities bearing on this great subject, which is now agitating so many minds. The plain testimony of the Script-ures and history is also clearly presented in answer to this important question. $1.50 per 100. The Identical Seventh Day. B. S. L., No. 114. There are three common objections brought against the Bible Sabbath: (1) The round world; (2) lost time; (3) the seventh part of time. These objections are candidly considered and clearly answered in this little tract of sixteen pages. $1.00 per 100. New Testament Sabbath. B. S. L., No. 137. The different texts in the New Testament referring to the first day of the week, and thought by many to 