24 AMERICAN SENTINEL. a certain day because the government commands them to do so, can God look upon-  that as obedience to his law? No; it is simply obeying the law of the land : for when men obey because the state commands, they do it not in respect for God, but for fear of temporal punish-ment. The tendency of all such laws is to make professed Christians, who have a form of godliness, but deny the power thereof. What God wants is men who are true to him, even thOugh all the world may be against them. Where are the Daniels of to day, who will serve God in the face of a frowning world? Where are the Pauls, who will give their lives to living and preaching the gospel, and give up the idea of making Christians Łby passing religious laws in the governments of the world? Christ says, "Whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them." But we are not doing to others as we would have them do to us, when we try to compel them to do what we wish them to do. Such attempts have always resulted in evil, and always will. The author of Christianity says, "Whosoever will, let him take the water of life freely." Significance of the Proposed Religious Amend- ment to the Constitution. BY C. H. BESLAKE. THE Constitution of the United States is in perfect accord with the Protestant idea of church and state con-tended for in the Reformation. One reason, why such separation was provided for was because it was then recognized that it was "impossible for the magistrate to adjudge the right of preference among the various sects that profess the Christian faith without erecting a claim to infallibility which would lead us back to the church of Rome." With but few exceptions, the people comprising this nation are either Catholics or ProtestantsŠthe large majority being Protestants. Every well-instructed Catholic knows how and when Protestantism originated. He knows that in the six-teenth century there were those, who, loyal to the Word of God, in the strength and power of Jesus Christ, dared to stanti up and protest against the Romish doctrine of the union of church and state. But it is a question as to how many of those who call themselves Protestants know how and when Protestant-ism originated. For certain it is that a't this present'  time there are millions of professed Protestants who are stultifying themselves and denying the principle from which they derive their name. That they are not conscious of this is evident, for there are many already who have come to a true under-standing of the work in which they were engaged, and have renounced it. Now, if a person does not know what Protestantism really is, how can he possibly know what Romanism is? That being so, when such a thing happens, and it has happened, that Roman Catholics and Protestants work together for the same object, one may depend upon it that the Romanist will decidedly have the best of it. for he is not working in. the dark. He knows exactly what his principles are, and he knows, too, that Romanism and true Protestantism cannot possibly agree any more than it is possible for light and darkness to mingle to-gether.The one is the inveterate foe of the other. Consequently, when a professed Protestant unites thus with the Catholic, the latter knows full well that the former has ceased, in reality, to be a Protestant, if indeed he ever was one more than in name.'  When it is remembered, as stated above, that the one reason why the union of church and state is forbidden in the Constitution, is because it is impossible for the mag-istrate to adjudge the right of preference among the various sects that profess the Christian faith without erecting a claim to infallibility which would lead us back to the Church of Rome; and when it is remembered, too, that Protestantism is a protest against the Catholic principle of union of church and state, the question may well be asked, Can a person be a Protestant and indorse any effort that-might be made to have the Constitution ,changed with reference to this matter of church and state? Decidedly not. He may be a Methodist, Presby-terian, Baptist, or anything else, but he would not be a Protestant. Now there are in this country millions of Protestants (so-called) who are laboring hard to have the Constitu-tion changed, and to have the Christian religion incorpo-rated into the fundamental law of the land. Year after year, Congress has been besieged and peti-tioned to legislate in behalf of religion, notwithstanding that Congress is expressly forbidden, by the Constitu-tion, to have anything to do with religionŠfor or against. For in the verynature of things it could not legislate in fa-vor of one religion without legislating against some other. Will those Protestants who are thus engaged in this work stop and consider what they are doing before they get so far along that they cannot retrace their steps? Will they take the Word of God and ponder its pages upon this particular question? for God has spoken plainly regarding it, and pointed out the inevitable result of such a movement as that they have undertaken. Ł 44  THE only trouble with the numerous wise schemes for the reformation of society that are being everywhere heralded, is that they will not "work." DR. BRUNO WILLE, a "free thinker," of Berlin, was recently sentenced to A week's imprisonment at Gratz, Austria, for "publicly holding up to contempt the Chris-tian religion." It is safe to say that the act of imprison-ing a person on such a charge does more to hold the Christian religion up to contempt than anything that was done by Dr. Wille. 