64 THE: A.IVIER.ICA.N SENTINEL. TI1e Anntica2 Se0112e1. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, AUGUST, 1887. Nora.ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. SUBSCRIPTIONS to the SENTINEL are now Com-ing in in a way to delight the hearts, not only of the publishers, but of all who believe that the SENTINEL has an important work to do. Every mail brings in scores, and some, hun-dreds of subscriptions. That it does occupy a position second to none in importance is conceded by all who are awake to the issues of the day. Let its friends rally to its support. Tim following from an editorial in the Christian Nation, June 15, we insert exactly as it is. Comment is unnecessary :Š " When the State becomes positively Chris-tian in constitution, and Christian men are elected to make law, something like this will be done: A street-car company's charter will be granted conditioned upon the running of cars free on Sabbath for the accommodation of Christian people on errands of worship, of necessity, and of mercy, even as bridge toll is at present remitted on the Sabbath in some places. To this it will be objected that others than Christians will ride for other than Chris-tian purposes, which is very true, but the sin will be upon their own souls. The company will suffer no hardships, the men employed will be God's messengers for good, and ' in that day there shall be upon the bells of the horses, holiness unto the Lord.'" IT seems that the germs of the Church and State pestilence are everywhere. The Na-tional Presbyterian makes no pretensions to National Reform, and has never directly mentioned the subject, yet it has the root of the matter in itself. The July issue contains an editorial in approval of the resolution of the United Presbyterian Synod, relative to Sunday mails, in which it urges the follow-ing reasons why there is hope that such a movement may be successful:Š "The present is a favorable time for a movement of this character. The country is at peace and there is nothing in our circum-stances as a nation or as a people that could be presented as an excuse for opposing it. The' President, though not a member of an evangelical church, has been bred to the Pres-byterian idea of Sabbath-keeping, and the in-fluences of his household are in favor of a scriptural view of this subject. For some time past, to a greater extent perhaps than in former years, there has been a disposition on the part of both the great political parties to insist upon religious or moral qualifications for the more important offices of the general Government. A majority of the Justices of the Supreme Court are members of evangel-ical churches. If our information is correct, more than half of them are Presbyterians. If the movement suggested by the Reformed Synod could be made with a good degree of unanimity and earnestness, there is strong ground for hope that it might be successful. Let the movement be made." We do not say that its hopes are well  founded, nor do we think that the possible Presbyterian proclivities of President Cleve-land will aid in bringing about the result; but we do say that when religious journals begin to talk about religious qualifications for the important offices of the general Govern-ment, and confidently expect that men in public position will conduct the public busi-ness in accordance with the beliefs of their church, it is high time that lovers of civil and religious liberty should awake to the danger. Religion and Politics. THE following letter shows how Protestant-ism is following the ways of,. the Papacy :Š EDITOR SENTINEL: During the month of June I spent a few days in Humboldt County, Cal. While I was there some significant meetings were held in Eureka. The leading denomina-tions of the place came together, as stated in the first meeting, to consider the matter of a more perfect union of their forces for political purposes. The speakers said matters were continually coming up which the church did not like, but she was powerless to do any-thing because they were not united and thor-oughly organized. Now what they propose was to so unite that they could carry their points at the polls. It was proposed to canvass the whole town, to ascertain to what church each individual belonged, or favored. If any were found of Baptist proclivities the canvasser was to re-port them at once to the Baptist minister. And so with all the denominations. Those found who were not members of any denom-ination were to be requested to attend some church. In the carrying out of this plan there was a committee of three chosen, who were to select fifty persons to go from house to house, and at once take a religious census of the town. On the question being raised whether those making the canvass should be men who could carry salvation to the houses as they went, it was decided that that was im-material to the purpose. That could be at-tended to by the workers who might after-wards be sent. So the matter passed from the open meeting to the committee. As to all of the results of this canvass we are not yet informed. But a statement was made by one of these ministers working in this scheme, in his pulpit, on the Sunday following the census-taking, that there were three thousand infidels in Eureka. That is about one-half of the inhabitants. On what ground they based the charge of infidelity, whether on a direct avowal of unbelief in the Bible, or a disagreement with the scheme this politico-religious party proposes to carry out, the writer was not informed. The object to be gained being one to carry religious ideas by the aid of the ballot-box, seemed to me a different move for the propagation of the gos-pel than the method of our Lord, who de-clared that his kingdom was "not of this world," and that those who took the sword (to enforce their religion, we suppose he meant) should perish by the sword. J. N. LOUGHBOROUGH. Bound to Succeed. WE are all quite familiar with the idea that a man's heart and pocket can be most certainly reached through his stomach; it has remained for National Reformers to propose reaching his head by the same route, a Fourth of July W. C. T. U. National Reform basket picnic having been arranged for Valley Camp, Pa. We hope the effort will succeed. Much talk has been indulged in from time to time about popularizing National Reform; Vice-President Frances E. Willard and Secretary Weir are to be congratulated upon this ex-cellent device for bringing about that end.ŠChristian Nation. We see no reason why the National Reform movement should not succeed, now that its managers have discovered some substantial argument. If they hope to succeed, they would do well to stick to the new plan, for certainly they will be able to reach people's heads by this indirect means much quicker than by any direct means which they have heretofore used. All the National Reform ar- guments that we have ever read have left us feeling as though we had been fed upon the east wind.. Their new argument will be far more " filling." 4 4. THE papers announce that "the Pope grants unprecedented honors to Queen Victoria." It was very kind indeed in the dear, good Pope to condescend to " grant " honors, unprecedented or otherwise, to the queen of Great Britian. The unprecedented honor in this case is that the Pope has "entirely of his own accord, and without any hint from Cardinal Manning, issued a rescript which ordains that on Jubi-lee day, June 21, high mass and a Te Deum shall be performed in all Roman Catholic Churches in England." It is said that "his holiness could not have done more in the case of the most faithful Catholic sovereign." And then it is suggested, very innocently, of course, that "the English clergy might return the compliment on the occasion of his holiness's approaching jubilee." Yes, they might, nor should we be much surprised if they do so. Of course some such thing as that is just what the Pope is fishing for, and only if it should be so at the official direction of the queen, such a recognition on the part of England would be of great weight in the longed-for universal recognition of the Papal sovereignty. LET us preach and teach that liberty in the truth is the only abiding freedom.ŠRev. L. A. Abbott. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE MONTHLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact TERMS. Single Copy,  per year, - - - - - 50 cents. To foreign countries, single subscription, post- paid  2s. Specimen copies free. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro St., GARLAND, CAL. 