436 AMERICAN SE] TINEL. American Catholics there is no folding of arms, no say-ing that nothing can be done." (Italics ours.) According to the foregoing then, "loyal adhesion . . to the political condition of their country, and to its constitution and laws," together with "a sincere desire to turn to the profit of the church the conditions which modern times and the peculiar circumstances of our country create," coupled with "activity in religious work, . . . which leaves no stone unturned in seeking success," yet, "always governed" "by the superior direction of pope and bishops," is Americanism;Šthis and nothing else. If this is Americanism, nothing else can be. Therefore, to object to the dictation of "pope and bishops" in national affairs; to object to the "religious work" of the church "which leaves no stone unturned in seeking success," in turning "to the profit of the church the conditions" which the present peculiar circumstances offer, to lift a warning voice against all such religio-political movements, as the AMERICAN SENTINEL has been doing, is not Americanism." If "loyal adhe-sion . . . to the political conditions" that are tend-ing toward a religio-political despotism under the re-gime of imperialism is Americanism, then for one to oppose the spirit of imperialism, adhering to the grand principles of equal rights as outlined in the Federal Con-stitution, is not Americanism! If "loyal adhesion" to the misinterpretation given to the national Constitu-tion by which alone the Catholic Church can even profess loyalty to the "Constitution and laws" and be true to herself, isfAmericanisrn , then loyalty to the interpretation given to the principles of the document itself by its fram-ers, is not Americanism. And this is exactly the condition to which we are hastening. This is just what the Catholic Church and some so-called Protestant churches are working so ear-nestly to secure. And when that time comes, as come it will, where will all the readers of the SENTINEL be found? If we study and cherish principle now, we will be loyal to principle then. As it was better for Daniel to stand - loyal to principle with all ancient Babylon against him, so it will be infinitely better for us, then and now, to show a "loyal adhesion" to principle though all modern Babylon be against us; for theories are perishable, while right principles are eternal. The Church Responsible for Sunday Trains. IN view of the lament that is so widely heard over the prevalence of Sunday desecration, it is interesting to note that one prominent form of such desecrationŠthe Sunday passenger trainŠhad its origin in Sunday church-going itself. People who observed Sunday, and were regular attendants at church on that day, insti-tuted the Sunday train themselves to accommodate themselves in church going. This being so, and also the  fact that professedly Christian people are largely respon-sible for the Sunday newspaper, is it not evident that the reform in Sunday observance for which so many are now calling, needs to begin in the church, by a deepen-ing of the church's own regard for the day, rather than by legal penalties enforced upon those without? Ought not the would-be physician first to heal himself? We give the following statements concerning the origin of these Sunday trains, upon the authority of The Defender, organ of the New England Sabbath Pro-tective League:Š "The first local Sunday trains in Massachusetts were put on in November, 1860, between Brookline and Bos-ton. Certain well-to-do people, who were members of churches in Boston, had moved out to Brookline, but wished to retain their membership and continue to attend church in Boston as formerly. As Mr. Henry Twichell, the superintendent and controlling power of the Boston and Worcester road, was a resident of Brook-line, they applied to him to put on a Sunday local, as there had already been week day locals for a number of years. It being unlawful to run any but United States mail trains on Sunday, Mr. Twichell hesitated a long time before granting their request. He was a public-spirited man, however, and felt a pride in using the re-sources at his command to oblige his fellow-citizens. He, therefore, yielded to the steadily increasing. pressure of their requests, and put on two trains each way. These were announced in the Boston Daily Advertiser, of Mon-day, Nov. 26,1860. These trains being unlawful, special pains were taken to guard against accidents, and as soon as possible the right was secured from the post-office department to make them mail trains so that they might thus become lawful. "As soon as the trains began to run, a new move-ment of travel was developed; for it was found that peo-ple, who had formerly lived in Brookline, but were now living in Boston, desired to attend their old church, and were using the newly-started trains for that purpose. Thus it came about that these Sunday trains were car-rying people both ways to church. "A -similar state of affairs obtained in the case of those trains which were run to Newton Lower Falls, and which were first put on August 2,1874. They were only obtained after much urgency, and the party who was perhaps most active in the matter, carrying about the petition and otherwise working up.the case, was a lead-ing musician and chorister in one of the most prominent churches of Boston. Formerly, his custom had been to go into Boston on Saturday, and return on Monday. It seemed to him that a Sunday train, by which he could go into the city in the forenoon and return in the af-ternoon or evening, would be a great convenience. His efforts were at length rewarded, and a train was run three times each way on Sunday. "In the same line with the cases just cited is that of the Old Colony railroad. Formerly a horse railroad was run to Quincy; and it appears that a considerable num-ber of people dwelling there were accustomed to use this road to attend a very fashionable church in Boston upon the ministrations of one of the popular preachers in the city. "There came a time, however, when the horse rail- 