VOLUME 15. CHICAGO, JUNE 21, 1900. "If any man hear my words; and believe not Ijudge him not. Christ oaitrQx oltro' Yr.te NUMBER 24. THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. (Continuing American Sentinel) Published weekly at 324 Dearborn Street, Chicago, Illinois, BY THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. Entered at the Chicago Post Office as Second-Class Matter. Subscriptio,-1 price, $1.00 C. P. )301...L.NIAN,.? L. A. SMITH, ll Editors. Nothing but the power of godliness can success-fully resist ungodliness. A A If the Creator had designed that people should be forced to do right he would have made it impossible for them to do wrong. The most perfect law that could ever be devised could do nothing more than condemn men for wrong doing. For reformation and salvation, men must look to another source for help. A A God himself could not save the world by enacting and enforcing law, yet law is the first thing to which appeal is made by organizations that are now seeking to promote moral reform. A A Civil laws is not designed to protect religious in-stitutions, nor can any such institution possibly be pre-served by such means. A religious institution that depends upon human law for its preservation, is des-tined to sure extinction. Nothing human can survive the touch of time. ,At It is better that men should be free to do wrong, than that they should have liberty only to do right ;  for without freedom of choice there is no real liberty, and without liberty there can be no development of character. A A As religious bigotry knows no such thing as en-lightenment or progress, so ecclesiastical ambition never can be content without power to persecute. J$ cA4 The state has no right to enforce the right of Sab-bath rest, or any other right of the people, upon the people. When the state attempts to enforce rights, it fails to preserve them. To preserve a right is not to compel an individual to exercise that right, but to compel other persons to refrain from interfering with the individual touching the exercise of that right ; and the state has no more right to interfere than have the people whom it restrains in this respect. (Sunday Laws and the Workingman's Rest. A great effort is being made by the advocates of Sunday laws to justify such legislation on the ground that the workingman must have one day of the week for rest, and cannot have this needed rest unless the Sunday laws secure it for him. How then do the Sunday laws secure this rest for the laboring man, weary and worn from the effects of six days' toil ? They compel the shutting down of factories and shops one day in each week, thus pro-viding a day of rest for all who care to avail themselves of it. So far so good. But the Sunday laws do not stop here. They do not merely provide the oppor-tunity for rest ; they compel every personŠemployer and employe alikeŠto rest, to cease from all secular labor. They go beyond providing the privilege of rest, and compel cessation from work ; and in making rest compulsory, and not a matter of free will, they provide no privilege at all, for compulsion is certainly not to be, viewed in the light of a privilege. 