72 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. JI'12e An2efical2 Senth2e1. OAKLAND, CAL., SEPTEMBER, 1886. EX-GOVERNOR ST. JOHN said to a National Reform Secretary the other day:Š "We are putting your National Reform idea of God's supremacy in Government, into our Prohibition platforms every time, and we are never going back on it." And so they go, and the cause grows. A FRIEND in an Eastern State writes:-- " I am more and more satisfied with the AMERICAN SENTINEL. Some fears were enter-tained that it might not be kept up to the stand-ing of its first numbers, but all such fears are dispelled. The July number is fully equal to the preceding ones. I wish it all success, for it cannot fail to do much good." As EVIDENCE of the favor with which the SENTINEL is being received we may mention that from the beginning there have been printed ten thousand copies of each number, all of which have been taken, and to supply further demand we have been obliged to print one thousand copies extra of each of the back num-bers. So send in the orders. Back numbers from Number One to the present can be fur-nished in any quantity desired. Nearly one hundred thousand copies of the SENTINEL used in nine months represents an influence, and an amount of work, that is truly gratifying to the friends of the cause in defense of which it was established. Now THAT the women, especially the leaders in the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, are making themselves especially prominent in the advocacy of the National Reform move-ment, we shall be compelled in opposing it, to oppose them so far as they are connected with it, but no farther. We are sorry to have to do even this much, for it seems almost ungallant, but by their actions necessity is laid upon us. We shall, however, always remember that they are ladies, and treat them as such; while, at the same time, condemning in Coto the National Reform doctrines and their support of them, and opposing, by all honorable means, all effort for the advancement of that cause. IN the political world it is votes that count. The man who can " control " votes is always in demand, and is always sure of office so long as his " influence " lasts. The man who can control the largest number of votes, can get the largest office. So it will be in the " new dispensation," which the National Reformers propose to bring in. Since religion will be up-held by the State, in accordance, not with the will of the people, but, with the will of those who " control " the votes of the people, position in the church, as in the State, will be deter-mined by one's ability to " influence " votes. Imagine Peter asking the leaders of the "Na-tional Reform " party, " What shall we have?" The reply, unspoken, perhaps, would necessarily be something like this: "That depends upon your success as a politician; if you can control 300 votes you may have a clerkship;  if you 94,11  control 700 votes you may be pastor of a city church with the privilege of going to Congress; and if you can control 10,000 votes you may be bishop, and brevet-corrector of heretics ? " Perhaps we have not the correct scale, for we don't know how such service is usually paid, but the prii.ciple is there. An Evidence of Impending Ruin. Some More Clashing Voices. WE here present some more matter for the " Clashing Voices " column of the Christian Statesman.. In the Pittsburgh National Reform Convention, Rev. A. A. Hodge, D. D., said:Š "If the Christian majority prevail and main-tain Christian institutions, the infidel minority will be just where they have always been, in the exact position in which they voluntarily accepted citizenship." And yet Rev. W. J. Coleman, one of the District Secretaries of the National Reform As-sociation, says:Š "The existence of a Christian Constitution would disfranchise every logically consistent infidel." And Rev. J. C. K. Milligan, in speaking of the results of the Amendment, to infidels, says:Š " The worst result would be to disfranchise them." In the New York Convention Rev. John Hogg said:Š "Jesus said, Whosoever believeth in me shall never die;' and what is true of an individ-. ual is also true of a nation. The nation that takes hold upon God and the Lord Jesus shall never die. (Applause.) . . . If we mean to live, we must have it [the Constitution] im-bued with a divine life. . . . Let us ac-knowledge God as our Father, and Sovereign, and Source of all good, and his blessing will be upon us. Crime and corruption will come to an end, and the benign reign of Jesus, our rightful Lord, will be established. (Applause.) " In the same convention Rev. A. M. Milligan said:Š " Becoming a kingdom of our Lord and his Christ, we shall fill the earth and endure for-ever." And yet in the Christian Statesman of July 15, here comes Rev. J. P. Lytle, D. D., in the Convention at Wooster, Ohio, the very latest, and says:Š "Nations are not chosen to everlasting life; . . . they have no spiritual union with Christ; and they shall all eventually go down to the sides of the pit' of destruction, and ' hell will be moved to meet them at their coming,' as it was for Egypt, and Babylon, and Tyrus, and Assyria." We wish Rev. M. A. Gault, who manages the " Clashing Voices" business, would turn his at-tention to these. We should like very much to know how all these men can be telling the truth. Or, are we to understand that the Na-tional Reformers adopt the maxim of Mahomet, that " all contradiction is removed by the rule that any text is abrogated or modified by any subsequent passage " ? " THEN Peter and the apostles said, We ought to obey God rather than men." THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE MONTHLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. TERMS. &NOLO COPY, per year,  50 cents. To foreign countries, single subscriptions, post- paid Ł . - - - - 20. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro Street, Oakland, Cal. CANON FARRAR is a man of extensive and varied knowledge, and as he is himself a digni- tary of the Church of England, anything he says that would militate against the principle of Church and State union must have double weight. In his "Early Days of Christianity," chapter 1, paragraph 9, in speaking of the con- dition of the world about the time of the Chris-tian era, he says:Š " It is certain that the old Paganism wasŠexcept in country placesŠpractically dead. The very fact that it was necessary to prop it up by the buttress of political interference shows how hollow and ruinous the structure of classic Polytheism had become." There is the whole principle in a nutshell. Every man knows that when one power seeks an alliance with another, the party seeking the alliance, by that act confesses either that she is the weaker power, or that unaided she is not able to do what she designs to do. Is it any wonder, then, that the effort which the National Reform party is so strenuously making, should be in the mouths of infidels an argument against Christianity? Can it be wondered at if they say, " You claim that Christianity is to conquer the world, but you are forced to admit that she has not the power " ? What else could they be expected to say? Thus the "National Reformers" are forging a weapon for the ene-mies of Christianity. We do not for a moment admit that the above infidel argument against Christianity is a just one, because Christianity is not seeking an alliance with any power. Christ said, " My kingdom is not of this world," and he persist-ently repelled all efforts to connect him and his work with secular authority. He further showed how distinct in character Christianity is from civil power, by saying, " Render unto Cesar the things that are Caesar's, and unto God the things that are God's." We believe and know that the gospel, unaided by secular power, is able to do, and will do, all that God designed that it should accomplish. The effort for a religious amendment to the Constitution has nothing to do with Christianity, except to lower it in the estimation of non-believers, and, indeed, of all who accept National Reform theories. These National Reformers, as has been intimated, are not seeking to ally Christianity with the State, but to prop up their peculiar ideas of Christianity by an alliance with the civil power. And the fact that they are seeking political aid, shows, as Canon Farrar said of the old Paganism under similar circum-stances, how weak is the phase of Protestant-ism which they represent. Let it be well un- derstood, then, that whenever " the church," so-called, seeks the aid of the civil power, it thereby proclaims its inherent weakness because of the absence of the vivifying principles of pure Christianity. 