Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas .72,ferson. VOLUME 6. NEW YORK, APRIL 23, 1891. NUMBER 17. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. Mc KnE ABSOLUTE, duties are such as pertain and belong to particular men merely as individuals and single persons. . . . "With regard to absolute duties which man is bound to perform as a mere indi-vidual, it is not to be expected that any human municipal law should at all explain or enforce them.ŠBlackstone. A GOVERNMENT, to be acceptable, must have no religious duties to perform, no religious rites to observe, no religious or-dinances to administer, no eternal law to enforce, and no eternal judgment to ren-der. In its educational work it must deal solely with those things which fit for good citizenship, and so far as it is concerned must deal absolutely with nothing else.ŠIndependent Patriot. WRITING of Sunday laws, and of exemp-tion clauses in favor of those who observe another day, a correspondent of the New Era, a Prohibition organ, says :Š " As Americans who prize the princi-ples of liberty, we do not want any law which must exempt from its operation any person because of his conscientious con-victions. The State has no business to pass any law which, in its general _and equal application to all,, would interfere with any person's religious rights. As a matter of fact, " such principles of (mis) government " have always been " dis-puted." Is it not perfectly plain that the ground assigned for exemptions in such laws is a prima facie admission that the spirit of the law is religiously intolerant ?  And is it not equally evident that any person who prefers to observe a different day than the majority, with all its attend-ent business inconveniences, does it from conscientious motives ? And yet does any freedom of conscience " exist practically " when a man whose conscientious convic-tions are stronger than his " preferences " for a good job, is compelled by law to lose another day besides his Sabbath, and that on the pretense that another man may suffer no pecuniary loss from following his conscience ?" That Symposium on Sunday and "Civil" Sunday Laws. IT was the General Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church that took the first official step toward the organization of the American Sabbath Union. The general Secretary of the Union is first in the list of " representative members " appointed by the General Conference, for the four years, from 1888 to 1892. Besides him there are twenty other representative members appointed from the Methodist Episcopal Church. This gives the Meth-odist Episcopal Church an important con-nection with Sunday legislation; because the sole purpose of existence of the Amer-ican Sabbath Union, is to secure and con-trol Sunday legislation. For this reason, therefore, what comes from official Meth-odist sources on this subject is worthy of note, and for this reason we notice some articles in the Methodist Review for March and April, 1891. In this number of the Review there is a symposium on " The Christian Sabbath." The symposium is composed of an article, by Rev. L. R. Fiske, D. D., President of the Albion College, Detroit, Michigan; another by Rev. J. M. Durrell, D. D., Manchester, New Hampshire; and a third by Rev. J. W. Coxe, D. D., agent Sunday School Union, Washington, Iowa. Dr. Fiske's article is upon " The Divine Origin of the Christian Sabbath." He makes some excellent statements in regard to the purpose of the Sabbath which in  themselves show the utter futility of legis-lation upon the subject. He says:Š The supreme purpose of the Sabbath is spiritual Something more than restŠphysical or mentalŠwas sought. It was to be a rest in which the less valuable should be supplanted by the more valuable, in which the higher activities should take the place of those that were lower. The great question in the divine government over man was this: How can the human race be brought into the nearest likeness to God, practically live the most perfect moral life, appreciate that which is highest, and love that which is best, and in this sensuous world become more spiritual ? It is very plain to every thoughtful mind that the Sabbath was ordained as a condition for this final result. This is in harmony with the scriptural idea of the Sabbath, that is, that it is for worship and moral and spiritual elevation; and that it is the connecting link between God and men, by which he is held in re-membrance. It shows that the Sabbath is wholly religious; and therefore that whenever the State presumes to legislate upon the question it is simply interfering with man's relationship to God where the State never can rightly have any place. " Every one of us shall give account of himself to God." As to how a man ob-serves the Sabbath, or whether he observes it at all, or not, are questions for himself to decide before God, and for the decision of which he is responsible alone to God. Therefore, the State never can touch upon this question without entering the field of religion and conscience. Another most excellent statement by Dr. Fiske, and one which knocks higher than the proverbial kite, the " civil Sab-bath " theory of the American Sabbath Union, is the following :Š If the Sabbath were only a holiday, consisting simply of a period of relaxation from physical and mental toil, it would provide an occasion for a multitude of evil influences to undermine the moral life. A day is not made sacred by indolence, but by a prevalence of spiritual activities. It is appar-ent to every discriminating observer that those who discard the spiritual purpose of the Sabbath largely fall into social vices far more harmful than would be practiced were the hours given to labor. The office of the Sabbath is spiritual, and practically to make it less, or other than this, is to convert it into an agency of terrible demoralization. This has been the position of THE SEN- 