Bethlehem, Judea, Birth of the Prince of Peace. From F. H. Revell Co., by permission. 344 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Some Thoughts Suggested by Decoration Day. WHILE the flowers are still fresh on the graves of our honored dead, let us pause and think. We are called a "Christian nation," and yet this nation quarreled, and in that quarrel a million men were maimed, or lost their health or lives. What a comment on the "Christianity" of this "Christian nation" to say that the questions of '61 could not be settled without murdering or maiming a million men, and bringing want and wretchedness or woe and widowhood into a million homes! One would think that a look at the slabs which mark the resting places of the brave husbands, fathers and sons who were buried in that baptism of blood, would cause men to hate the licensed murderer, called War, and shud- der at the sight of his marching columns. But no ; never has there been such a tendeficy toward militarism as there is to-day. It is not confined to the element which always selects war by choice as a life occupation, but is all-per-vading. The children of the public school, the children of the private school, and the children of the Sunday school, Protestant and Catholic, are being trained in the arts of war. In New York City alone there is an army of 25,000 school boys. On Grant memorial day a part of this army marched in the great parade carrying their mus-kets, with flags on which were inscribed the contradic-tory words "we are for peace." While one could but wonder at the sight of this military tendency on the part of the public school in a nation whose boast has been that its strength lay in justice and intelligence and not in force of arms, yet that wonder changed to amazement  when the bristling bayonets of the church armies passed,  by. Among them were the Baptist Boys' Brigade, Epis-copal Church Temperance Legion, Hebrew Orphan Asy_ lum Cadets, St. Francis Xavier (Jesuit) Cadets, Our Lady of Sorrows (Catholic) Cadets, etc., etc. Turning to the "Christian nations" of Europe we find the situation appalling. More than twenty-one millions. of trained soldiers stand ready to march into the battle of Armageddon and empty their veins into its crimson flood. Sea and strait, harbor and river, groan beneath a navy numbering more than two thousand ships and carrying more than twenty thousand guns.* All of this, tremendous armament is maintained by "Christian na-tions," not to defend themselves against the heathen, but against each other in their covetous scramble for each other's territory and for the territory of the heathen. The cost of all thisŠmore than nine hun-dred million dollars f--is wrung from the people by taxation. The poor man's bread must be divided with the government to make and main-tain this murder machinery before he divides it with his children. AsŁ a result the masses are growing hungry and restless. The struggle for bread is growing fiercer every hour, and pinching poverty is eclips-ing all thoughts of the Prince of Peace. A wierd and touching incident occurred recently illustrating this fact. It was night in the city of Bethlehem, Pa.,Šnot "Bethlehem," the birthplace of the Prince of Peace. A stranger was passing along its streets, when suddenly church bells Ł began to ring and whistles to scream. What could it mean ? Did it announce some great calamity? Was the city on fire? Oh no_ Were the church bells ringing the glad news of the coming of the Prince of Peace or of some great conquest for his kingdom over the passions of men? No, no; the bells of Bethlehem ring out on the silent air no such joyful tid-ings. They are ringing with hungry tones the announce-ment that the Bethlehem Iron Co. has just been awarded the contract for forging the armor plate for Russia'sŁ great war ships. Men have long been out of employ- * These figures were computed by Lieut. W. R. Hamilton, Fifth Artillery U. S. Army, for the " World Almanac and Cyclopedia (1897) " from the latest official reports on file at the War Department, December, 1896. InŠasmuch as military training is compulsory in nearly all European coun-tries, a large proportion of the male citizens has seen military service, thus. making the total war strength of the "-Christian nations" of Europe, in a.  case of last resort, more than forty millions of m,em t These figures are computed from the "Statesman's Year Book (1897)" published by McMillan & Co., London and New York. These 900 millions do not include the value of the time of those who are taken from produc-tive industries at the very prime of life and compelled to give from threeŁ to five years to military service. This would swell Europe's," Christian na tion" yearly war tax to billions of dollars..  