'AMERICAN SENTINEL. THE difference between civilization and Christianity, which seems not to be very clear in many minds, has been illustrated in a melancholy way out in Kansas, by the recent action of four Pawnee chiefs, or as perhaps it might be better to say, by the actions of their wives. Just what the conduct of the latter was in every case, we are not informed ; but it was such as to bring their hus-bands into the United States Court with a petition for divorce. What an unwonted incident is this to be chron-icled in the history of the red man! ONE of the strongest cases, we are told, was that made out by Pipe Chief, who averred that his conjugal partner wanted to spend all his money on fine dresses, and refused to associate with squaws who were not in her set. The untutored mind of the chief probably did not understand the high precedent which Mrs. Pipe Chief had for her conduct in this respect. He did not comprehend the fact that in this she was only imitating the conduct of ladies in the highest circles of civilized society. Per-haps it would have made no difference to him if he had. At any rate, the fact remains that from his point of view, such conduct was more intolerable than anything which belonged to the ways and customs of. savagery. And who can say that his point of view may not be nearer the truth than the highly artificial standpoint from which is derived the unwritten social law of the "best society"? * * IT maŁy not be that "society" would be willing to ad-mit it, but it is a fact susceptible of proof that this most "sacred" and carefully followed part of the code of "high society," stands or falls with the case of Mrs. Pipe Chief, of the Kansas plains. For if it be right for the ladies who move in the circles of civilized society to spend money regardlessly for fine dresses and refuse to associ-ate with people not in their set, as everybody knows that they do, who can take exception to a similar course on the part of those with whom their own civilization comes in contact? Is not a good example worthy of imi-tation? If it be proper to have a social "four hundred" in New York City, why is it not proper to have a social' four hundred, or forty, as the case may be, in Pawnee society on the Western plains? It really seems as though civilized "society" were bound to come to the rescue of Mrs. Pipe Chief, and vindicate the propriety of her con-duct in this matter. THE divorce court, it is almost needless to remark, is a necessary adjunct of civilization. The nearer we ap-proach the dividing line between civilization and sav-agery, the less do we see of this institution. In making use of it for the purpose of annulling the matrimonial re-lation, the Pawnee chiefs have taken a step which dis-tinctly savors of transition from the ways of barbarism to those of civilization; and in developing a passion for fine dresses, and "cutting" squaws not in her set, Mrs. Pipe Chief shows a still further advance toward civiliza-tion's "higher" ideals. But whathave fine dresses, social "sets," and divorce courts to do with Christianity? * CONTACT with civilization in many instances marks the red man's decadence. But contact with Christianity can never be otherwise than elevating and ennobling. Is there a pious way of doing things that are wicked? We might conclude that there is, from many things that are said nowadays by some who occupy the position of religious teachers of the people. * FOR instance, the pastor of a church in Oakland, Cal., is quoted as having addressed the following to the man-agers of the race tracks at the neighboring town of Em-eryville: "I request you to consider and inform me of your opinion as to the possibility of having a Christian day at the races. This, of course, would preclude drink-ing and gambling." It would seem that this pastor is bent on supplying the floating phrase, "pious horse race," with a definite basis of fact. * IT may be that this California pastor has been wrongly quoted ; but the words are so well in accord with the religious spirit of the times that there is little reason to doubt the correctness of the report. There is a "pious" way of conducting fairs, lotteries, "donkey" sociables, etc., in the basements of the churches, and why, on the same principle, should there not be a pious way of conducting a horse race? There are worsethings than horse racing, which it is commonly believed can be done in a Christian way; for instance, the taking of human life in the heat of battle. Certainly it is worse to kill a man convicted of no crime than it is to race horses. And if Christian people can do the one, and remain Christians while they are doing it, there can be no reason why they cannot, aŁs Christians, engage in the other. THE only thing really surprising about the pastor's request is that he should think it necessary to exclude drinking and gambling. No one questions, of course,  that drinking and gambling are wrong, as ordinarily in- 