"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT." Jests Christ. VOLUME 14. NEW YORK, MAY 18, 1899. NUMBER 20. Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional. 7" Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it-is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay forit. (Entered at the New York Postoffice.) No GOVERNMENT can give securities which can be de-posited in the bank of Heaven. 4 4 WHEN coercion is joined with religion, many people are made hypocrites, but none are made Christians. 4 4 A RELIGION which is joined with the State is a friend of the world, and therefore an enemy of God. 4 4 HUMAN law cannot enter the realm of conscience without coming in conflict with the law of God. 4 4 THE Sunday laws are based upon the decisions of majorities; but Christianity never rested on this basis. 4 4 THE wisdom of man nowhere appears in more pain-ful contrast with the wisdom of God than in the provi-sions of the Sunday laws. 4 4 WHEN religion gets into politics, religious bigotry and intolerance disguise themselves in a political garb, and do their work in the name of political necessity. 4 4 As MAN cannot create anything superior to himself, it is certain that the interests of civil government can_ not be superior to those of the men who make it. As NO civil government ever yet loved its enemies, and as Christianity demands the love of one's enemies, it is plain that civil government cannot rise to the level of Christianity. 4 4 WHEN a civil government professes religion, it is log-ically bound to coerce dissenters from its religion, as it does dissenters from any of its laws; and to coerce dis-senters in religion is to persecute.! 4 4 As IT is true that "out of the heart are the issues of life," and as no human law can reach the heart, it is plainly true that human legislation is powerless to re-form the life and save society from moral decay. Sunday Enforcement in Georgia. HARDLY a week goes by that does not see the Sun-day issue brought to the front in one State or another of this greatest of republican governments. North, south, east, and west, the agitation for Sunday enforce-ment is in progress, and he who will pause to consider the movement as a whole, will be deeply impressed with its significance. In Pennsylvania there is a union of the federation of churches, with the largest and most powerful working-men's association, which is making Sunday enforcement a leading issue there. In Michigan the legislature is considering the question of more stringent Sunday legis-lation; the same is true of Rhode Island; and now in Georgia, in the leading city of the State, a crusade is in progress for the strict enforcement of the existing Sunday laws. From the Atlanta Constitution we gather some noteworthy facts in connection with this crusade. In the Constitution of May 1st we note the follow-ing:Š "The police yesterday made a swoop upon all classes, 