AMERICAN SENTINEL. 597 Spirit of the Lord God is upon me; because the Lord hath anointed me to preach Liberty to the captives, and the opening of the prison to them that are bound"; and in all the ages this same gospel has found men in exile and prison who believed the glad tidings of freedom, and rejoiced in liberty that reached beyond prison bars or exile homes. Earthly laws and decrees cannot affect the liberty of the child of faith; for he has learned in whatever state he is, to be therein content. And the peace that he has, the earth cannot give neither can it take away. Behind bolted and barred doors Peter was sleeping between two soldiers, while others stood guard ;`- yet this Son of Faith enjoyed such liberty that he slept the sweet innocent sleep of the just, and when it pleased the Lord to lead him forth, bolts and bars and even armed sold-iers did not hinder the work of the heavenly messenger. " For where the Spirit of the Lord,is, there is liberty;" and no human power can keep that Spirit from us, no civil court can legislate away our right to enjoy his free-dom. Therefore wherever we are, be it in jail, in exile, or in the chaingang, the Lord says we are to "Stand fast in the liberty wherewith Christ bath made us free;" but we may know that as the truth shines brighter, the plot-ting against it will grow more dark, and greater efforts will be made to throw shadows over the liberty we hold so dear. But the word of the Lord is, " Ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free." We may not hope to avert the mighty tide of intolerance that is now sweeping through the land ; we may not hope even to check it to any great extent; but we can know that where the Spirit of the Lord is there is freedom, and with a life that knows no fear, because of love, send clear steady streams of liberty upon a foe who knows no power but hate, and no friend but self. Honesty of opinion will never justify the evil of an unrighteous cause.. The combined organization of apostate churches will lead astray and ruin the govern-ments of earth, but it cannot stand before the thunder-bolts of God's eternal truth; and while nations are seduced by the harlotry of power-thirsting churches,  and rapine, ruin, and murder, sweep in swelling tides throughout the land, the sons of God will rest behind the bulwarks of his truth, and listen for the voice which says, " Fear not them which kill the body, but are not able to kill the soul." The closing record of this world's history is pitiful to contemplate. Satan's six thousand years of plotting and planning is to culminate in crushing together as mighty millstones the men and nations of earth in a bitter struggle, and as ghastly trophies of her insatiable greed, throw them in ruin at the feet of the Christ for-saken churches, who will be held largely responsible for the darkness in which they wandered to their fate. We as Christians may expect opposition; we may look for persecution in any form; but we should gird ourselves to love the liberty of truth more than our life,  and be prepared to stand the test of faith whEga. cruel power shall try to usurp the prerogatives of God. Our battle is not against the state, our work is not to upbraid it for its wrong course. The "beast " and its "image" are God's implacable foe,s and against these must the world be warned. The state will only become a persecuting power when forced to be such by the woman who sits upon the scarlet colored beast, and who is the mother of harlots, and the abomination of the earth. Therefore the message for to day is, "Baby-lon the great is fallen, is fallen, and is become the habit-ation of devils, and the hold of every foul spirit, and a cage of every unclean and hateful bird. For all nations have drunk of the wine of the wrath of her fornication, and the kings of the earth have committed fornication with her, and the merchants of the earth are waxed rich through the abundance of her delicacies." This message swelling from the heart of every child of God will hasten the inhabitants of the earth to take their final stand, and will speedily bring the time when the exiled children of the lord can sing with a new meaning, "Alleluia : for the Lord God omnipotent reigneth." Goldfield, Col. A W. C. T. U. Leader on Sabbath Reform. SOME appropriate words on the subject of Sabbath reform were read at a recent session of the American Sab-bath Tract Society, by Mrs. M. G. Townsand, of Ohio. Mrs. Townsand is treasurer of the Ohio State W. C. T. U., an organization which is actively engaged in "Sab-bath reform" work along the mistaken line of compul-sory Sunday observance. To this conception of proper Sabbath reform effort the views of this Ohio official of the W. C. T. U. are in refreshing contrast. She said:Š "Christ's commission, under which we are to preach the gospel, involves the teaching of all truth, as it ap-pears in the law of God, and in the life and teachings of Christ. Nothing less than this can give full develop-ment to the kingdom of Christ among men. That this may be accomplished, the gospel fits all classes, and meets the needs of all men, high or low. In the present state of things, Sabbath reform is a practical and im-portant part of Christian truth and duty. My own ex-perience, and my careful study of the failing regard for Sunday during the past years, has helped me to appre-ciate the importance of the Sabbath truth as I could not have done otherwise. "The most valuable result in personal experience is, that Sabbath-keeping, as a part of Christian duty and gospel truth, brings the people of God close to the heart of Christ. Our times demand a rising up along all lines of Christian dutyŠsuch a demand as has not been known before. The individual lives of those who lead in Christian work must exemplify this rising-up, or they can never lift the masses into higher and broader con-ceptions of truth and duty. As related to public wor-ship and religious culture, Sabbath reform is a vital 