62. VOL. 11, No. 8. Control of the law. And now it is made to . flourish again, by all the sects together, in thus forcing upon the people the, one thing in which they are all agreed, and in which they have obtained control of the law, ' the observ-ance of Sunday, " the Christian sabbath, " supported by such auxiliary organizations, such wheels within wheels, as the National Reform Association, the American Sabbath Union, the " Law and 01 der Leagues,", the " Civic Federations," W. C. T. U. Y. . C. M. Y. P. S. C. E., and :so on through Ł the rest of the alphabet., Sunday, not only according to their own showing, but by every other fair showing that .can be made, is a religious institution, a ,chureh institution, only. This they allŁ  know as; well as they know anything. And yet :.,,every one of those organizations, principal or auxiliary, is working constantly to get this church institution fixed,, and more .firmly fixed, in the,  law, with. penalties attached ,that are more worthy of barbarism than of civilization; and then, when anybody objects to it, they all cry out that " it is not a ques- tion of religion; it simply a' question of law. We are ,not asking any religions observ-ance; all that we ask is respect for, late!! The Christian, Protestant,, and;  American ' answer to all this is that neither, the Sunday ;:institution nor any other religious or':ecclesi-astical institution,, has ,any right to a place in the law. And even when it is put into the .law, this does not take away the right of dissent, The divine right of, ,dissent , from religious or ecclesiastical institutions abides ever the same, wnether,the institution is out of the law or in the law. And , w,hen :the in-stitution is fixed in , the, law, the, right, of dissent then extends to that law. The, sub-terfuge cannot destroy the right., The Courts Indorse the SUbterfuge. From the' church organizations the courts have caught up this cry. And, . though ac-knowledging that the Sunday institution is religious; that it is enacted and enforced at the will of ,the church; and that the logic of it is the union, of ,Church and State; yet they insist:that, as it is in the law, and the. law 'is for, the public good, no right of dissent can be recognized, but the disSenter "may. be  made to sutler for his defiance by persecutions, if you call them so, on the part of :the great majority. "2  This argument is as old as is the contest for the right of the free exercise of religious ' 'belief. It was the very position occupied by Rome; when the disciples of Christ were sent into the world to preach religious freedom to all mankind. Religious observances were en-forced by the law. The Christians asserted and maintained the right to dissent from all such observances, and, in fact, from every one of the religious observances of Rome, and 'to believe religiously for themselves, though in so doing they totally disregard the laws, which, on the part of the Roman State, were held to be beneficial to the population. Then, as now, it was, held that, though religious be-lief was the foundation of the custom,' yet this was no objection to it, because it had,  become a part of the legal system of, the gov- I " By a sort of factitious advantage, the observers of Sunday have secured the aid of the civil law, and adhere to that advantage with great tenacity. in spite of the clamor for religious freedom and the progress that has been made in the absolute separation of Church and State. . . . And the efforts to extirpate the' advantage above mentioned, by judicial decision in favor of a civil right to disregard the change, seem to me quite useless."ŠU. S. Circuit Court. See "Due Process of Law," pp. 31, 116. 2  These are the very words of the United States Circuit Court for the western district of Tennessee, in August, 1861, and in behalf of Sunday. too. See " Due Process of Law, " -where the decision is printed in full. ernment, and was enforced by the State for its own good.' But Christianity.then refused to recognize any validity in'' any such argu-ment, and so it does now. Ł A CRITICISM OF THE MASSACHUSETTS SAB-BATH PROTECTIVE LEAGUE. [George B. Wheeler in the Boston Herald, Feb. 4.] To the Editor of the Herald: THE claim that was made at the annual meeting of the New England Sabbath Pro-tective League in Music Hall Sunday, Janu-ary 26, that its sole object was to secure a day of 'rest for the working man through legisla-tion, that the character of the leagne was wholly humanitarian, and that it was in no 'wise its purpose to enforce a religious observ-ance of the day, 'is certainly open to criticism, in view of the character of the legislation sought and the statements made in the Defender, the official organ of the league. They insist on legislation compelling every one' to desist from both labor and amusements, except works of necessity and charity, upon the particular day that they believe to be sacred. Now, if it is simply and wholly to secure a 'day of rest for the workman, without any regard for the religious observance of the day, why do they insist on taking away his natural right 'to engage in labor or amuse-ments at any time that will beat suit his convenience, providing it' is not near enough to a church and of a character to disturb the worship? It is a well-known fact that a large propor-tion of the wage-earners in our large 'towns and cities are closely confined during' the Week, with 'little or no exercise,; and that nothing could 'be better for them physically than the exercise that would come from many kinds of labor that they might engage in or in many ,of 'the' healthful amusements and Sports, like base-ball, that are now prohibited, on the ground that they infringe upon the sa-cred character of the day. Now the fact is that labor and amusements of this kind upon the Lord's day would be to this large class of workmen rest, physically and mentally, and to those who are indifferent to' the sacred character of the day morally beneficial, for " Satan finds some mischief 'still for' idle hands to do," 'which is as true of Sunday as any other day of the week. If the league fear oppression for the work-ingmen by their being compelled to work seven days in the week, a simple law obliging every individual, firm or corporation, to give every employd a day of rest after six days of consecutive labor would certainly accomplish all they claim. Why is the present bill to prohibit delivery of ice from wagons on Sun-day, urged by the Sabbath League before the State Legislature if not on account of the sa-cred Character of the day? If it was simply a day of rest they wanted to secure for the ice-men, why not ask for legislation securing for. ice-Mon a day of rest, and leave the day op-tional with them? That it is the religious observance of the Lord's day,' by cessaton from both labor and amusements, that is the object of the New England Sabbath League is evident to every reader of the Defender, its official organ. hi 1 "The Pagan religion was in truth, so closely interwoven with,all the arrangements of civil and social life that it was not always easy to separate and distinguish the barely civil or social from the religious element. Many customs had really Sprung from a religious source, whose connection, however with religion had long been forgotten by the mul-titude, and. remembered only by a few learned antiquarians, lay too far back to be recalled in the popular conscious- ness."--/Yeander, Church History, Vol. 1, sec. 8, par. 17. the declarations of principles it is said : " The New England Sabbath Protective Le, gue is formed for the purpose of defending tie sab-bath against the persistent encroachments upon its sacredness by business and pleasure." The word" defending certainly implies some-thing beside moral suasion. Another statement that is strongly empha-sized is: " These decisions render it clear that no work will be considered by the court a work of necessity and charity, and, therefore, be permitted under existing statutes, which merely prevents the loss of property, the loss of money or gain, or an additional employ-ment of labor." The evident meaning is that the loss of property, of money or gain is not to stand in the way of the sacred character of the day. Again:. " Should the Legislature of Mas-sachusetts pass a law abolishing our civil rest day, and proclaim it a holiday or Ła work day, the religious sentiment and conscience of the State would rise in an overwhelming tide of righteous indignation and protest." If it is neither a holiday nor work day, it means a sacred day, and that would Łbe the reason for the rise of righteous indignation and. protest. " Who, that has any regard for the sanctity of the day, will, say that there is justifiCation for the 645 scheduled Sunday passe nger trains?" " If the railroad corporations of this State, with their numerous freight and passenger trains, do not desecrate the day, then no in-dividual or corporation can .profane the day." Many other quotations like the foregoing might' be given to show that it is the preserva-tion of the religious character of, the day that is the object of the New England Sabbath Protective League; indeed, its name indicates that, and not simply to provide a rest day for workman. Can anything be more unpatriotic and un-American than for part of the community . who believe in the sacred character of a par-ticular day to try to enforce their views of it by law upon others who think differently? BETTER LOOK AT HOME. " IT appears," remai hs the Mail and Ex-press, " that Ahlwardt, the German dema-gogue whoŁ came over here a month or two ago to start a fanatical and brutal agitation against the Hebrews, is still in this countryŠvery still indeed. The misguided bigot ap-pears to have had the sense to take out an injunction against his mouth to restrain ' it from making any further trouble for him." This is all very well aside from its rather virulent tone. But simply because this German agitator has not found the Americans ripe for an anti-JeWish crusade, it will not do to con-clude that there is here no spirit of bigotry or intolerance. The Mail and Express itself has a record as the organ of the American Sabbath Union, which proves that intolerance is not confined to foreign lands. CHURCH AND STATE. THIS subject is ably discussed in " Relig-ious Liberty Library," No. 36 Extra, by Rev. Geo. R. Eulp, pastor of the M. E. chinch, Battle Creek, Mich. The sul.ject under dis-cussion is the pope's encyclical to the people of this country. Mr. Kulp not only does justice to the designs of the Papacy upon this country, but he denounces in no uncertain terms as persecution the prosecution of Prot-estants by " Protestants" for Sunday work. It is a valuable tract. Order of the Pacific Press Pub. Co., 39 Bond. Street, New York, N. Y. 