AMERICAN SENTINEL. 117 Of course, the practical effect of this attitude of this representative Methodist body will be to lessen confidence in the Bible, as read by the masses in English-speaking countries. And since the latter can read no other, they are from this latest Methodist standpoint left without any Bible at all; for a Bible that is fallible is not the Word upon which we can depend for salvation. Faith being the indispensable requisite to salvation, and de-manding unquestioning belief of the Word of God, we must have that Word itself, or derive no benefit from the plan of salvation. And the same is of course true of the German, French, or any other Bible, since all these are but translations of the original text, and therefore as fallible as the English Bible. The work of the British and Foreign Bible Society and similar bodies in giving the Bible to the nations and races of the world, must be discounted, since they have only furnished translations, which are therefore fallible. And even if we would go back to the original text for an infallible authority, we are met by the fact that there are nothing but copies of the original writings now in exist-ence; and of course a copyist is just as fallible as a trans-lator. Hence the doctrine that the Bible, in the English or other tongues, is not infallible, is equivalent to a denial of the infallibilty of any Bible known to the world to-day. The real nature of this objection may be understood from the fact that this is one of the leading points sought to be made against the Bible by the author of the "Age of Reason." As the AMERICAN SENTINEL stands for liberty, for jus-tice, for equal rights to all men, so it stands for the Chris-tian's Bible, against the traditions, customs, and popery which have sought to take the place of the Word, and which have ever been a menace to the liberties and rights of the people. The less reverence men have for the Bible, the more reverence they have for tradition and the opin-ions of men in higher station than themselves; and the more this reverence finds expression, the nearer do men come to the full realization of popery. We believe it would be well for the clergy to settle the question of their belief in the Bible's infallibility be-fore proceeding further with the scheme to take control of the Government and make the "revealed will of Christ" the supreme authority in our civil affairs. Are they sure that we have the "revealed will of Christ" in the "fallible" English Bible? This is a question which ought, with them, to take precedence of all others. AO .4 4 RECENTLY the Pennsylvania State Capitol at Harris-burg was degtroyed by fire; and now it is announced that the State legislature is to convene for its next session in an M. E. Church of the city. A Christian Statesman writer announces the fact with the air of one who regards a church building as the most appropriate place anyhow for the transaction of State business, and remarks that "the manner of granting the church and its immediate and cordial acceptance may well be regarded as signifi- cant of closer relations in our political life between Chris-tians and the Government." He further observes that if the "powerful Christian influences about that temporary State Capitol," "should be mighty enough to give the legislative proceedings the atmosphere of a prayer-meet-ing," no one would be "so foolish as to think that any righteous interest of the Keystone commonwealth would suffer from it." We would naturally have supposed some other place would be chosen for a session of the State legislaturethan the interior of a church. However, that may have been the best place available; and we should think the ar-rangement might be made to work, provided affairs of State are not allowed to get in the way of the Sunday school, prayer-meeting, religious sociable, society meet-ings, choir practice, or other matters of regular church work. However, we trust the transfer is not to be per-manent. The basis of all proper State legislation is individual rights; and an understanding of these, with a mind to work for their preservation, as simple honesty and justice demand, are the essentials which should give character to the atmosphere in legislative halls: 0 ..- 4 4 An Illustration of Greek " Learning." IN a recent number of the Christian Advocate, of this city, there was printedŠand from a Doctor of Philosophy tooŠone of the most thoughtless articles we ever saw in a journal of any standing. We do not mention it here to criticise it, but to call the sober attention of thought-ful people, and of that kind of thoughtless people too, to an important consideration that is involved in it. This Doctor of Philosophy was in Greece' and sent to the Christian Advocate an account of his journey from PatrasŠwhich is the principal port of the Gulf of Corinth to Piraeus, which is the port of Athens, with de-scriptions of the Acropolis of Corinth and the Acropolis of Athens. In his description of the temples of "the Acropolis of Athens he speaks of them repeatedly as " sacred "Š"Łthe sacred cella of her sacred house," etc. He does not say that by the Greeks and other heathen anciently they were considered sacred. Nowhere in the article does it appear that he used the word with any such idea as that it is merely in accommodation to ancient notions-Every sentiment in the article bears irresistably to the conviction that the writer himself considers those places sacred and uses the word in the same sense that the an-cient Greeks did. In other words, the writer is evidently so imbued with Greek ideas, Greek conceptions, and Greek modes of thinking, that what to them was "sacred" is to him sacred. BUt everybody knows that those Greeks were sheer heathen. And all who have read much know that they were heathen of such a sort that their very idea of sacred-ness was profanity, and their most sacred emblem an ob- scene sy nbol. That a man in this age, in the presence of 