38 THE AMnIRICAN ,SENTINEL. ing but overweening self-conceit and presumption that would lead a man seriously to propose such a thing. Every king who receives his crown from another, must necessarily be inferior to that other. The king who himself takes that which is his own by right, is independent ; but the one who is indebted to another, is subject to limita-tions. And so this so-called National Reform movement, by presuming to win a kingdom for Christ, and to crown him as king, virtually places itself above God, who alone has power to remove kings and set up kings. In this it proclaims it-self a true child of the Papacy. A Word from the Workingmen. WE have before us a copy of Ideas of Reform, of Jan. 1, 1889, a paper published at Broken Bow, Nebraska, and devoted to the interests of the workingman. It is in every sense of the word a labor reform paper, and is as outspoken against monopolies of every description, and the oppres-sion of the laboring man by soulless capital, as any labor paper that we have ever seen. We state these points, so that full weight may be given to the following, which we take from one of its editorials:Š " Fourteen million people have petitioned Con-gress, asking for the enforcement of a Sunday-law. This is evidently preliminary to an attempt to unite the Church and State. A halt should be called at once. Religion, by faith in God, is good, and no Christian, under our Constitution, is deprived of the privilege of observing Sunday as strictly as he desires. Religion, by law, by force, without con-version, is bad, and contrary to the principles of good government. . . . The United States Con-stitution says: Congress shall make no law respect-ing an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof.' Our petitioners would in substance say: 'Do away with the Constitution, and give us a law that we may imprison or fine every one whom we have been unable to convert to our faith, and who does not give tribute to our sup-port. Now, if this clamor for a Sunday law, coupled with the Blair Educational BillŠwhich advocates the teaching of the Christian religion in public schoolsŠis not an attempt to unite the Church and State, neither was the act of Constan-tine in making Chistianity the recognized religion of the Roman Empire. It is hardly time to allow 14,000,000 people to dictate how 60,000,000 people shall worship, in a free country like ours.",  By this extract two claims of the Sunday-law National Reform advocates are shown to be false. The first is that their movement is in the interest of the workingman. We have always emphatic-ally denied this, and have demonstrated the un-truthfulness of it; but here is a demonstration that even the most obtuse can comprehend'. When the most outspoken Labor Reform papers condemn the whole National Reform Sunday-law movement in such unmeasured terms, that movement cannot be said to be very much of a workingman's af-fair; for it will be conceded that the working-men are competent to decide what will be to their interest. Another fallacy that is exposed, is the idea that the vote taken at the General Assembly of the Knights of Labor committed all the laboring men in the country to the support of the Blair bills. It did nothing of the kind. There are thousands of laboring men in this country who do not propose to be put up in the market and sold to the National Sunday Association. That Asso-ciation has attempted to convey the impression that a Sunday law would fill a long-felt want, and that everybody has been clamoring for it, when in fact the majority of the people don't know or care whether there is one or not. Ideas of Reform says that it is hardly time to  allow 14,000,000 people to dictate how 60,000,000 shall worship. True enough; and that principle appears still more strongly when we remember that there are actually, only about one-eighth of fourteen millions of people really rep'resented in that Sunday-law petition. Christianity a Religion of Tolerance. IF any one might use constraint, Christ might, as the works he performed in the course of his ministry demonstrated that his mission was di-vine; yet, when surrounded with the glory of miraculous power, and when offering eternal life to creatures over whom he had an absolute con-trol, what a tender and scrupulous regard did he show to their liberty. " If any man thirst," said he, " let him come to me and drink." " Blessed are they that hunger and thirst after righteous-ness, for they shall be filled." " And I, if I be lifted up from the earth, will draw all men unto me." Behold I stand at the door and knock; if any man hear my voice and open the door, I will come in;" they are thieves and robbers who break open doors and enter by force. When God's annointed King sent forth his ambassadors among the nations, they proclaimed Jesus as the Messiah, warning every man and teaching every manŠthey spoke the truth in loveŠand knowing the terrors of the Lord, per-suaded men. Their ministry, indeed, was a war-fare, but it was a benevolent one; its object was not to maim the persons or injure the estates of men, but to enlighten and sanctify their minds. As coercing men into a profession of religion, is totally repugnant to the spirit, precepts, and precedents of Christianity, so it has been a source of many crimes and calamities. At the sanguin-ary shrine of persecution, thousands of the most estimable members of society have been wan-tonly sacrificed. How many of whom the world was not worthy, have wandered about in sheep-skins and goatskins, being destitute, afflicted, tor-mentedŠhow many have endured mockings and scourgings, bonds and imprisonments; have been stoned, sawn asunder, or slain with the sword ! If this infernal frenzy which has hurled men to the commission of so many impious atrocities, be curable, its cure ought to be attempted; and in the attempt, every man who is not inspired with ill will to his neighbor ought to co-operate. For this purpose we ought, in the composure of reason and reflection, to store our minds with just ideas on the subject, lest, under the impetus of mistaken zeal, or the deception of specious names and fair pretenses, we should be induced to speak unadvisedly, or act illiberally.ŠHistory of Intolerance. THE Christian Herald (Baptist) of Detroit, Mich., has a notice of the AMERICAN SENTINEL, in its issue of December 27, in which it says:Š " Of course it [the SENTINEL] is greatly exer-cised over the National Sunday bill now before the United States Senate. Its alarmed opposition is hard to account for if it is in favor of the quiet of the Sabbath, and the right of all men to rest on that day. For it is the common principle of all laws on the subject, to respect conscientious belief of seventh-day persons and communities, leaving them free to observe either day, but not to dese-crate both. Shall the laws attempt to guard the Sabbath for their small fraction of citizens, or for both?" For neither. The Sabbath doesn't need any guarding by the laws of the State. The Govern-ment of the United States should be for the people of the United States, and not for the Sab- bath. The Herald talks as though Sunday laws guard the seventh day for those who wish to ob-serve it. Would it say so if the case were re-versed? Not by any means. We don't know of any law favoring seventh-day observance, and we don't know of anybody who wants one. But here is a proposition which we believe is sound: If laws enjoining the observance of the first day of the week, yet making exceptions in favor of those who observe the seventh day, can be con-strued as guarding the rights of seventh-day peo-ple to rest, then certainly, with no law at all on the subject, Sunday sacredness would be amply guarded. "Cunning Craftiness." ON Sunday, January 20, Rev. W. F. Crafts preached in Washington, in Dr. Sunderland's church, the First Presbyterian. His subject, of course, was " The American Sabbath." In the beginning of his discourse he stated that the present agitation was not brought about by the churches, but by the clamor of the workingmen everywhere, in behalf of a weekly rest-day. That sounds very well, until you hear testimony on the other side. The fact is that Mr. Crafts attended the General Assembly of the Knights of Labor, and spoke for an hour in behalf of the National Sunday-Rest bill. Then he spent another hour answering questions, and at the close the petition was indorsed by vote. Now if those workingmen had been clamoring for a Sun-day law, why should Mr. Crafts spend two hours of his valuable time, besides the time and expense of travel, to convince them that they ought to have one? Can anyone tell? Again, he visited the National Council of the Brotherhood of'Locomotive Engineers, and had a similar experience. He spoke for an hour, and then for another hour answered the questions that were showered upon him. Yet the Daily Union Signal, of October 22, 1888, in which this item is found, prefaced it by saying: " A great victory for Sabbath observance was won by Rev. W. F. Crafts, Thursday. He appeared before the Na-tional Convention of the Brotherhood of En-gineers, in session at Richmond, Va., and spoke an hour in behalf of the National Sabbath move-ment," etc. Now if these men had been frantic-ally clamoring for a Sunday law, wherein did the victory consist ? If the workingmen are so anxious to have a Sunday law, why does Mr. Crafts spend so much time trying to work them up to sign his petition? Isn't there a little dis-crepancy between Mr. Crafts's statement and his actions? The fact is that nothing was ever heard of any desire on the part of the workingmen for a Sun-day law, until the National Reform Association and the Woman's Christian Union stirred it up, and the clamor has all come from them. There are thousands of workingmen in the country who have no thanks to give to Mr. Crafts and his fel-low-craftsmen for their disinterested (?) efforts in their behalf. On the contrary, they repudiate the whole affair as a very crafty piece of business. THE State is not an exhorter, or a persuader, or a debating club, but a positive law power for secular purposes; and hence, when it attempts to administer religion, it must of necessity give to it the law force, deciding what religion is true, and by what method it shall be promoted. There is no escape from this result, if we admit the princi-ple from which it springs."--Samuel T. Spear, D. D. 