296 AMERICAN SENTINEL. News, Notes, and Comment. A VALUED correspondent expresses himself as .sur-prised and shocked at my calling Mr. Justice Blackstone a blunderer for imagining that law has something to do with morals. He demands with expressed grief, evidently mingled with some suppressed indignation, to know whether I do not recognize law "as the embodied expres-sion of the moral sense of the community." We must start the answer with a definition. * * " MORALS " comes from a Latin word, mos, genitive, moris. The original, radical, etymological significance of mos is "manners" or "customs." Every title and every nation in the world has its own peculiar mosŠthat is to say, its body of manners, customs, usages. But among the lowest grades of savages, where society, prop-erly speaking, does not exist, it is perfectly immaterial to the rest that now and then some individual arises who does not like any or all of the established methods of conduct, and chooses to behave himself in a fashion that is new and peculiar. He goes his way, and the others go theirs, and nobody is injured in the slightest. It is other-wise with more highly developed social organisms. To the intercourse of people composing these lastŠthat is to say, to the very existence of the organism itselfŠuni-formity of conduct under given circumstances, on the part of every constituent atom going to make up the whole is absolutely necessary. This necessity is at once the origin of human law, and its only justification. The organized whole is fighting for its life against the disin-tegrating tendencies of its parts, when it expresses its will in a law; it undertakes to extort compliance there with by the exercise of its composite force, whenever necesssary, and punishes, by virtue of that same force Ł the open defiance of its will, when once expressed. * Taus we see that human law is properly and neatly described as "crystalized custom." And we also see that it has to do with manners, conduct, behavior, and noth-ing else. The "morality" of a people, if we understand by that term, their sense of public utility, their concep-tion of what it is expedient that men should do, from a purely social standpoint, their ideas of the line of per-sonal action which is best adapted to secure and promote the general welfareŠthis, indeed, their laws will always represent to some extent, at least. But this is not the morality of which my correspondent speaks, nor is it the morality which Mr. Justice Blackstone had in his mind when he spoke of "law "Šmeaning human lawŠas having " her seat in the bosom of God," and credited lawŠhuman lawŠwith "prescribing what is right and prohibiting what is wrong." FOR, with us, " morals " has gotten far away from its etymological significance. It is no longer essentially  connected with manners, the sole business of human law. It has come to signify an internal condition, a mental state, a feeling, a sentiment, an emotion, call it what you will, which may or may not find expression in accordance with the requirements of human law, but which never de-pends in the slightest degree on human law, written or unwritten, common or statute, for its existence or its sanction. It has thus become a matter of individual ex-perience and individual concern, and, being removed altogether from the world of matter to the world of mind, it has escaped forever from the jurisdiction, the cognizance, the dominion of human law. * * THERE is no vain transcendentalism about all this, no useless, wandering, groping metaphysics or mystic-ism. Neither is there any covert preaching, or exhorting designedly concealed within it. The purpose is not to argue for right-doing, to extol morality, to make any-body esteem it a good thing who does not wish to esteem or follow it. The whole business is with a matter of definition. But definitions, .be it observed, are the life of words, and it is only through words that the work of the intellect can be done. If the tools are not the right ones, the production is monstrous, and men are made to fol-low false lights, and to sail in rotten vessels on the ocean of thought. * * ONCE we dissociate "morals" completely from mos or "manners," we prick the bubbles of many fads. The unspeakable absurdity of all attempts to legislate folks into righteousness becomes glaringly apparent. Nobody will maintain for an instant that it is possible even if it were advisable, to control the thoughts or minds of men by any system of legislation. It was formerly a notion, universally accepted, and acted on with calamitous re-sults to the race, that certain opinions could he knocked, or racked, or burned out of people, and other opinions gotten into them, as substitutes, by similar processes. But this psychological theory is now discarded as hardly consistent with the facts. And that the soul, the mind, the intellect are beyond the reach of legal machinery is,  with us, an axiom. If morality, then, in the modern sense, is a matter of internal state, as distinguished from a matter of external behavior, or conduct, law and mo-rality in our day are and must, remain entirely distinct and apart. For want of observing this distinction, Mr. Justice Blackstone permits himself to speak of lawŠhuman law, be it repeatedŠas something which com-mands what is right and prohibits what is wrong. Right and wrong, by whatever standard they maybe discrimin-ated, are things which belong to the domain of morals, and have nothing whatever to do with manners, except in so far as good manners follow from good morals. It may be true that the first always follow from the last; but it is certainly true that manners of a high and practicall y perfect kind may exist, and do, in fact, very often exist without a perceptible trace of genuine morality. Many 