JULY 20, 1893. AMit  CAN 229 digging potatoes for dinner, and cutting wood to cook them with or not? Witness.ŠI do not. Mr. Ringgold.ŠMr. Taylor, did you not swear out this warrant? (Showing the warrant.) Witness.ŠI did not swear to any such warrant as that one. This closed the testimony for the State, and as we did not want any witnesses, the case was left to the justice. As seen, there was no evidence whatever to prove that Mr. Bryan was doing other work than work of necessity or charity. But the justice's verdict was guilty. It is a common practice here to dig potatoes or such vegetables as grow in our gardens on Sunday, and never before has any one been arrested for doing such work on Sunday. The people who are doing this have our earnest prayers, for they know not what they do. John 15, 2: 3, says, that " They shall put you out of the synagogues, yea, the time cometh, that whosoever killeth you will think that he doeth God's service. And these things will they do unto you, because they have not known the Father nor me." It can be seen that they believe that they are doing God's service, when persecuting us for our faith, because they have not been to the Father or Christ. God has given us sufficient grace to bear up under it, and when worse comes (which will) we shall ask our Saviour for more grace, and he will give it according to his promise. We ask every one to pray for these poor blind people who know not what they are doing. Ask God to open up their minds and hearts to the truth of the word of God before it is eternally too late. CHAS. 0. FORD. Ł * Ł  "Jeroboam Has Followers Yet." THE above quotation is the closing sen-tence in an article entitled, " Seventh-Day Adventism," and signed " Truth," pub-lished in the Kent News, of Chestertown, Md., July 1, 1893. In order that all may see the " truth " in that statement we will look at the history of Jeroboam and com-pare it with his " followers." Yet Jero-boam was chosen to reign over ten tribes of Isaael. After a period of prosperity he began to fear the people under his charge would revolt, " Whereupon the king took counsel and made two calves of gold and said unto them, It is too much for you to go up to Jerusalem ; behold thy gods, 0 Israel, which brought thee up out of the land of Egypt." Having substituted false gods in place of the true the king next appointed a feast day in their honor and for their worship. " And Jeroboam ordained a feast in the eighth month, on the fifteenth day of the month, like unto the feast that is in Judah. . . . So he offered upon the altar which he had made in Bethel the fif-teenth day of the eighth month, even in the month which he had devised of his own heart." 1 Kings 12: 28, 33. It will be observed that the Lord had appointed a feast on the fifteenth day of the seventh month, but the king Jeroboam, had appointed his feast day on the fif-teenth of the eighth month. No doubt he " devised of his own heart " that the particular day God had commanded was not so worthy of regard as the one or-dained by himself to commemorate the deliverance of the people from Jewish customs into the fuller liberty he had in-augurated. One thing however troubled him; there were men that would not join  in this idolatry, for we read : " And be-hold there came a man of God out of Judah by the word of the Lord unto Bethel ; and Jeroboam stood by the altar to burn incense. And he cried against the altar in the word of the Lord, and said, 0 altar, altar, thus saith the Lord; behold, a child shall be born unto the house of David, Josiah, by name; and upon thee shall he offer the priests of the high places that burn incense upon thee, and men's bones shall be burnt upon thee." This was more than the king could endure. Here was a man preaching against the religious laws of the land and refusing to obey the king and magistrates in that respect. The peace and dignity of the nation demanded prompt action, so, " It came to pass, when king Jeroboam heard the saying of the man of God, which had cried against the altar in Bethel, that he put forth his hand from the altar, saying, Lay hold on him." Jeroboam had the law on his side, and he did not propose to have his holy days denounced, so he gave orders for the prophet to be arrested. Perhaps he rea-soned that this was not persecution, it was only enforcing the law. No let us apply these principles in the career of Jeroboam, to the two classes mentioned by " Truth " and see where " Jeroboam's followers " are found. Evi-dently the writer of the article mentioned, intended the sentence to apply to Seventh-day Adventists, whom he accuses of doing a " nefarious work." Is it the case that Seventh-day Adventists have gained con-trol of the civil power and are now using it for the arrest of those who differ with them in religious faith and practice ? Such a thing has never been known, and they repudiate any desire for such author-ity. They are not followers of Jeroboam in that respect. How is it in reference to the holy-days commanded by the Lord, have they substituted some other days ? Their very name signifies that they ob-serve for the Sabbath the very day of the week commanded by the law of God. In fact " Truth " acknowledges that therein lies their chief offense; he says:Š Their mischief comes of their teaching in refer-ence to the Sabbath day. They seek to show the unwary that unless we keep the seventh day in-stead of the first, they violate the law, and in so doing they are an unpardoned sinner before God, no matter how strictly they may keep the other provisions of the sacred Scriptures." Certainly then they are not the follow-ers of Jeroboam in this particular. We are compelled, therefore, to see if the ap-plication will fit any better when used to describe " Truth " and his fellow-men. The first thing that meets our view is that " Truth " desires the first day of the week to be kept holy instead of the sev-enthŠ" devised of his own heart "Šthat this day is more fitting for Christians than the one sanctified by the, Lord. It cer-tainly looks as though Jeroboam had many followers, and " Truth " may be hit by his own boomerang. Again it will be noticed that " Truth " and his follow-ers have secured the aid of civil laws to enforce their so-called holy-day, thus proving their kinship with Jeroboam. Another feature of resemblance is that they are greatly disturbed because some prophet of the Lord speaks against their man-made institutions. Then " Truth " after severe censure for such " nefarious work," says :Š And if such teachings are not stopped matters will grow worse. How long our rulers mean to endure all this, and how long our tax-payers are  willing to pay the constantly increasing cost of court expenses these men are imposing on the peo-ple, remain to be seen." And then the next sentence is Ł Jero-boam has followers yet." Whatever he meant, the only correct idea to be drawn from his words and its illustration is, that just as Jeroboam stretched out his hand and said, " Lay hold on him,' so " our rulers " are to say, Lay hold on the men that speak against our Sunday laws; and " Truth " wants to know how much longer they will wait before measures to stop such teaching shall be made. Verily Jeroboam has many followers, and " Truth " is one of them. It may, therefore, be well for us to see the result of the II  king's effort. " And his hand, which he put against him dried up, so that he could not pull it in again to him." So our modern Jeroboams by invoking the sword are quite likely to perish with the same weapon. When they have stretched out their hand against Adventists they may not be able at pleasure to pull it in again. Then the king asked the man of God to entreat for him that his hand might be restored and it was done. But, alas ! when his followers shall find them-selves overtaken by the righteous judg-ments of God, and shall wander from sea to sea seeking some man of God to give them the word of the Lord, it will then be too late. Oh! that the followers of Jeroboam might now listen to those who plead for Jehovah and his word. H. E. ROBINSON. *-+- Ł  Church and State in North Carolina. * THERE is no question of deeper interest to the provinces of the Canadian Domin-ion or to any country which at present lies outside the boundaries of the United States, than the inquiry, What would be the rights of such province or country with respect to provisions concerning re-ligion within its territory ? So far as the Federal Government is concerned, that, as we know, is debarred from touching the matter, by the First Amendment to the Constitution, which declares that Con-gress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof. That limita-tion on the powers of Congress is largely due to the course taken by North Caro-lina, which, as is well known, refused to adopt the Constitution, unless supple-mented by amendments of which this was the chief. The fact shows that North Carolina was determined to reserve to. itself as a State, the exclusive right of regulating religion; and, for that reason, the record of the relations of Church and State in that commonwealth is peculiarly instructive. The subject has recently been discussed at length and with singular lucidity by Prof. Stephen B. Weoks in a contribution to the series of the Johns Hopkins studies in historical and political science. In North Carolina, as in Virginia, the Church of England was by law estab-lished up to the outbreak of the Revolu-tion, and the abolition of it was one of the first steps taken in each State by the Convention called to frame a Constitution. That a majority of the inhabitants of North Carolina were Dissenters through the greater part of the colonial epoch is proved by the extreme difficulty, not to say impossibility, of levying tithes and providing other resources for the mainte- For editorial comment see last page of this paper. 