FINAL DOWNFALL OF THE "AMERICAN CIVIL SABBATH." TRE two supporting pillars upon which the "civil Sabbath" structure rests, are Tradition and Legislation. Tradition asserts that Sunday is the Christian SabbathŠcontrary to the testimony of ScriptureŠand Legislation has always been resorted to in support of the day as such. But neither of these can afford it any real and permanent support, being themselves of human origin, and par-taking of the weakness of all merely human things. Tradition will be swept away by truth, and all human Sabbath laws by the divine Sabbath law, which speaks nothing in support of the first-day Sabbath, but declares the true Sabbath to be the seventh day, "the Sabbath of the Lord." As Samp-son, under the power of the divine Spirit, overthrew the Philistine temple of old, so must this modern temple of error fall by the agency of the same Spirit, and involve in its ruin those who have thought to take refuge in it. ,6  IF ANY BL4N HEAR MY WORDS, AND RELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. VOLUME 13. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 17, 1898. NUMBER 45. THE Divine Word is not only truth, but eter= nal truth; it alone is the sure foun-dation. THERE is no real preserving power in human legislation or in tradition. WHAT God preserves, he pre-serves alive, by the "power of an endless life." God has no use for dead things. And a religious institution that is " preserved " only by tradition a n d legislative -enactment is of no more value to the world than an embalmed mummy. THE seventh day being the Sabbath, the Sabbath must come to all men as often as the it when it comes to him. "EVERY plant which my Heav-enly Father hath not planted shall be rooted up." So declared the author of the Christian reli-gion; and it is useless to water and tend any plant in the gar-den of the spirit: ual world which has been planted by the hand of man. "THE Sab-bath of the Lord" is the Lord's property; and he is compe-tent to take care of it. WHEN men try to uphold a divine institution by a human law, they are trying to set up an in-verted pyramid. THERE can be no right to ob-serve a weekly seventh day comes; and any man can have it by taking day of rest, without a right also to work on that day; and a just law must recognize both. 