406 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. else who has to labor for a living; and it is scarcely just to say that they are "compelled" to take recrea-tion on Sunday or else not get it at all. But this we maintain, that they have a perfect right to take it then if they want to do so. And people who take their recreation on Sunday ought to be no more subject to attacks by the pulpit than those who take it upon some other day. Those who keep Sunday have no more right to abuse those who do not keep it, than those who do not keep it have to berate those who do. "Are we to have any Sabbath at all?" demands Mr. Wheeler. Well, that depends upon what he means by a Sabbath. If by that question he means are all to be required bylaw to keep Sunday whether they want to keep it or not, we sincerely hope that we are to have no Sabbath. But if he means, are such as wish a Sabbath to have it ? we reply, Certainly. Nothing on earth can keep any man who wants a Sabbath from having it. The Lord made not only a Sabbath, but "the Sabbath for man," and nobody can take it away from those who will keep it. The only trouble with Mr. Wheeler is that his is a man-made Sabbath ; and what man has made he can unmake. Hence, while the Lord's Sabbath is secure to all who will keep it, the Sunday bewailed by Mr. Wheeler, is dependent upon the will and acts of men. B. In Ten Years. ( From the Springfield Republican, June 26.) To see how fast we are moving, it is necessary sometimes to cast a short backward glance. One grows so quickly accustomed to daily news of war that it is easy to forget how new a thing it is in our time. To-day it seems hardly believable that only a few years ago the world was at peace, and peace-lovers were not without excuse for believing that a brighter, sweeter era was at hand than any this blood-soaked planet had ever known. War seemed a remote possibility; peace seemed the normal and natural thing. To see how far we have moved from that tranquil time, it is only necessary to turn back to a newspaper of, say 10 years ago, and compare it with one of to-day. The contrast is OVERWHELMING, APPALLING. The Republican of Wednesday, June 25, 189o, was not so large as the paper of the present day, but it gave in compact form the news that was of most im-port. Much space was given to college commence-ments, several columns were devoted to the speeches of George M. Stearns and Attorney-General Water-man on the West-end street railroad case. From Washington came the news that Wyoming was soon to be admitted as a state. There was but one para-graph of military news, to the effect that appropria- at the Boston navy-yard had been struck out by the committee of Congress! Tranquil domestic news was not lacking, and peace prevailed, even in the brief an-tions for navy-yard improvements and for extra tools nouncement that the men on the Canadian fishery pro-tection cruisers were to be armed with batons, instead of cutlasses. The sugar trust was already making trouble, and Quay was pulling the strings for the Pennsylvania convention. A new record for baseball throwing was made, and John L. Sullivan was fined $5oo, no doubt very properly. The only item of old-world news which was sufficiently important to be given a place in a crowded paper, ten years ago yes-terday, was a four-line paragraph to the effect that Mme. Sarah Bernhardt had accidentally taken an over-dose of chloral. Nor did any of the editorials mention any foreign topic, except the action of Newfoundland in regard to the purchase of bait. How dull and dis-appointing such a day's news would be to the reader of to-day, whose appetite is whetted with daily horrors from all quarters of the world ! TO COMPLETE THE CONTRAST. It is only necessary to analyze the contents of yester-day's Republican. The principal news page was given up almost exclusively to warŠto four different wars. We read of "North China ablaze," of Minister Wu's opinions on the war, of the supposed safety of our peo-ple in Pekin, of the rise of the Boxers in Canton, of the rumored killing of a missionary, of the shipping of vast stores of ammunition to China, of the departure of marines from Washington, of the part of England and the United States in the war, and that of Germany and Russia, of the sailing of the 6th cavalry, of the killing of four Americans in an ambuscade, of the sail-ing of the cruiser Brooklyn, of the transfer of the headquarters of the Asiatic squadron, of the plans of the war department, of our ex-minister's views on the war, of the rescue of a missionary, of the sailing of a Russian cruiser, and the augmentation of the Indian army bound for China, of pressure brought to bear on Turkey, of England's war with the Ashantis, of Gen. Buller's progress in South Africa, and the raids of the Boers, of the departure of Boer envoys, of the war with a mob in St. Louis, of Gen. MacArthur's dealings with the Filipinos, and the movements of American garri-sons in the island of Samoa. There is barely room in this appalling record of bloodshed for a brief statement to the effect that some 19,0oo,000 people are starving to death in India. There is much peaceful news, too, baccalaureate sermons, sermons from local pulpits, the happenings of the dayŠbut the dominant note is war, one sensation topping another. Whatever views one may have as to the justice or 