A, 101EIEJEC l'N" Slh.N7171INT_FAL4. VoL. 9. No. 1. NEW YORK, JANUARY 4, 1894. 24r ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having. ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked " Sample Copy." It is our invari. able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. OUR new motto, the words of our Lord Jesus Christ, " If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not: for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world," expresses a truth which, if un-derstood, would at once and forever settle the question of the duty of the minister of Christ. " It is enough for the disciple that he be as his Master, and the servant as his Lord." --~- THE pope has complained in a personal letter to the czar that in several districts of Russia the Orthodox inhabitants are maltreating Catholics. It is said that in the event of the pope's remonstrance prov-ing ineffectual he will publish a statement on the subject, probably in the form of an appeal to the Christian sentiment of the world. We do not remember that any-thing of the kind was ever done by any pope when " heretics " were being mal-treated by Catholics. It makes a vast dif-ference to " his holiness " (?) whose ox is gored. " THE compulsory submission of Arch-bishop Corrigan," says the Converted Catholic, " to the authority of Monsignor Satolli, the papal delegate, is the most striking manifestation of the power of the Roman Church in this country that has yet appeared." It is nothing of the kind; the most striking manifestation of that power is in the truckling of so-called Protestants to the papacy. Rome might reasonably be expected to rule her own, even in America. It is the homage of her professed opponents that is a matter of astonishment. Two of the three Seventh-day _Advent-ists imprisoned in Queen Anne's County, Md., for exercising their God-given right to work on Sunday, have been released. One, because his son,who was also the com-plaining witness, paid the fine; the other, at the expiration of thirty days. But one, Mr. Isaac Baker, is still in prison. Under date of December 18, he writes:Š Centerville Jail, Dec. 18, 1893. I am still rejoicing in the blessed promises of the gospel, and when I received notice that I must remain in jail thirty days longer, deprived of civil liberty and separated from my dear wife and children, I just said, "Lord, thou knowest best !" I am daily asking God to lead me ; and I know that he is leading me ; and I am willing to follow. This man is as he says deprived of civil liberty, but it is impossible to deprive a Christian of liberty in Christ. Such an one can say, even in prison, " I walk at  liberty; for I seek thy precepts." The "glorious liberty of the children of God " is a thousand times better than any liberty that governments can give or take away. The Saviour's counsel is : " Fear not them which kill the body, but are not able to kill the soul; but rather fear him which is able to destroy both soul and body in hell." Few men have been called upon to endure more suffering unjustly than was the Apostle Paul, but he wrote " I reckon that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory that shall be revealed in us." A LONDON paper notes the fact that in a recent election in New Zealand the women, who by the way voted for the first time, cast their ballots, as a rule, for the candi-date professing Christianity. Our English contemporary remarks that " many people will doubtless hail this as a wonderful addition to the cause of Christianity, but thoughtful ones will see in it a special bid in favor of hypocrisy. When a profession of Christianity is generally considered es-sential to public office, every political hack in the world will at once profess Christianity, and will shout himself hoarse in his anxiety to demonstrate the strength of his profession." THE following dispatch is somewhat old for news, but serves just as well to point a moral :Š NEW HOPE, Pa., Nov. 30.ŠMrs. Merrick, the teacher of the public school at New Hope, decided a few days ago that all of her pupils must commit to memory and recite at the devotional exercises upon the opening of the school, a verse from the Bible. The order awakened bitter opposition from the parents of the Catholic children, but the schoolmistress was firm, and told the children that they would have to commit the verses or remain after school hours until they did so. The dissenters finally submitted. It is now rumored that the priest in charge of the parish will open a parochial school in the parish church. Suppose the position of the parties to this contest were reversed, and the Catho-lics were in the majority in the district and the teacher were a Catholic, and the devotional exercises were such as to be ob-jectionable to the Protestants,Šwould the principles be changed ? Would it then become wrong for the teacher to remain "firm"? Ł THE Examiner (Baptist), of this city, has, in its issue of Dec. 14, 1893, a com-munication from J. Heinrichs, a mission-ary in Vinukonda, Kistna District, India, in which that gentleman defends the prin-ciple of State aid to missions. He says:Š Some of us hold that, disunited as the Baptist de-nomination is from the recognized State religion, and carrying an education for its own sake, we have a right to be aided by grants from government, its supervision and educational ideals, as far as it is willing to help us in our philanthropic effort. And this is exactly what the Romanists claim here, namely, that they have a right to be aided by grants from government; and. every Baptist is up in arms against  it. Consistency has indeed become a jewel by its rarity, among modern Protestants so-called. THE Christian Statesman recently vol- unteered this bit of pertinent advice to the papacy :Š If you want to practice your religion in peace in this land, and persuade the people that you mean well for all, then you must, somehow, get your fingers out of the politics of the country, and do as other denomi-nations of Christians are doingŠattend to your own business, and not try to overturn the sacred institu-tions cemented with patriot blood and tears. We very much fear you are making trouble for yourself and for the country. It is with the utmost sincerity we give you this pointer and suggest that you stop and think. This is good advice, and is quoted by the Truth Seeker, of this city, with this com- ment, equally as pertinent as the advice itself :Š Suppose, Doctors Crafts and McCrory, editors of the Christian Statesman and physicians in ordinary to his holiness the pope, that you take a little of your excel-lent medicine yourselves. It is good medicine, we'll guarantee that, and you need not fear to administer big doses of it to the National Reform and Sabbath Observance associations. Begin the treatment right now; get your fingers out of the politics of the coun-try, and do as only two denominations of ChristiansŠthe Adventists and UnitariansŠare doingŠattend to your own business, and not try to overturn the sacred secular institutions cemented with patriot blood and tears. We are sure you are making trouble for your-selves and for the country. It is with the utmost sincerity that we give you this pointer and suggest that you stop and think. Good as it is, this advice is wasted on the Statesman. Its editors have scented blood and have tasted political power, and they will not pause to consider the evil of their ways. " Ephraim is joined to idols: let him alone." IN the English Parliament recently, Mr. Thomas Sexton, anti-Parnellite questioned the Government as to the alleged discrim-ination on religious grounds in selecting jurors in Ireland. Mr. James Bryce an-swered that the Government had never in-structed the Crown solicitors to ascertain the religious belief of jurors. Mr. Sexton said the answer was unsatisfactory, and gave notice that he would move that in-struction be given to the Crown solicitors to stop the practice of challenging jurors on account of their religious belief. It is thus that these questions supposed to be long since buried once and forever are be-ing revived. SUBSCRIBE for the AMERICAN SENTINEL at once, and get the forthcoming articles on the Roman Catholic question. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per year, - - 00c 25 to 99 " " " " " - - - 800 14 100 to 249 " " " " - - 75c id 250 to 499 " " " " - - 70c 500 to 999  ,4 11 if - - 65c " 1000 or more " " " - To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York Mg. 