TI4E AMEleICAN SENTINEL. 773 trol its disorderly inhabitants the Presi-dent of the United States may, upon call from the State, send in troops to quell the disturbance. But it does not provide that such aid shall be sent until called for. So they would violate a second provision of the Constitution in order to bend others into a compliance with their religious ideas. The very thought of violating constitu-tional law, in order to enforce statutory law is startling. But when it is deliber-ately proposed. that the Congress of the United States shall violate its own con-stitutional law for the purpose of enforc-ing a statutory law of a State, it is indeed alarming. It is one more very significant indication of the present tendency towards paternalism by the general Government. A tendency which, if logically followed to the end, would not only nullify all State rights, but would also destroy every right of the individual. It would place all power in the general Government, which would enforce its laws by uniformed and armed soldiers as do the monarchies of Europe. Truly great is this so-called National Reform ! and wise are these pseudo National Reformers! J. 0. BEARD Religious or PoliticalŠWhich? IF straws show which way the wind blows, we are drifting toward a strange combination in South Africa. A strange combination, because with the experience of our forefathers fresh in our minds, it seems passing strange that any intelligent person should cherish sentiments contrary to the principles of religious liberty. Is it not a sad aknowledgment of the Church's weakness when she finds it neces-sary to appeal to the Government to main-tain her existing institutions? Have the churches of Cape Town and Cape Colony so far lost their spiritual power as to call upon the civil law to enforce what they deem to be the duty of our citizens? It will be a sorry day for South Africa when the Government enforces the usages of the Church. Does the Church hope to make Christians by act of Parliament? To be a Christian is to be Christ-like; nature must be changed. As well might men expect to change the leopard's spots or the Ethiopian's skin by some compul-sory act, as to make a man a Christian by compelling him to observe Christian in-stitutions. No man who has the true principles of the gospel at heart, will for a moment entertain such an idea. The sacrifice of Christ was a voluntary sacrifice; so the service of the Christian must be a volun-tary service. " Whosoever will, let him come " is the gospel plan. It is too slow to meet the minds of modern theo-logians, and so they practically revise it thus : Whosoever won't, compel him by civil law. Who sought the aid of civil law in the early church? Was it Christ and the apostles? Nay, verily. They were the parties who suffered the penalties of civil law. The men who enforced religious rites, and who infringed upon the religious convictions of others, were the apostate Jews, who loved tradition more than the word of truth as taught by Christ and the apostles. They had departed from the true faith, and so had lost the power of the gospel, and knew no other way to carry out their ends than by appeal to the Government. They obtained power, which they were evidently seeking for,Š power to put to death the Son of God and his chosen apostles, but what was the result? Let the condition of the Jews to-day answer the question. It was when the Church had departed from the truth, and had lost its purity and power, that it began to clamour for the support of the Government. When we hear professed Christians to-day talk-ing about petitioning the Government in aid of Christianity, we must conclude that it is for the same reasons. That there is a growing sentiment in favor of legislation on religious questions is becoming very apparent. Only a short time ago, a meeting of the Evangelical Alliance was called, in Cape Town, to consider what could be done to promote a better observance of the "Lord's day." One speaker said that the Christians were responsible for this Sunday desecration, and that they, could not be guiltless and allow it to continue. The Sunday excur-sions, picnics, recreations, etc., on Sunday must be stopped. Those men who voted against the Kimberly Exhibition being closed on Sunday, should not be returned to Parliament next year. The people should be educated, and such a petition sent into Parliament as will meet its ap-proval, so that a law shall be made to compel the observance of the Sunday. As the majority of the people are in favor of Sunday-keeping (Jews and Sabbatari-ans being a small minority, who of course are opposed to its enforcement), therefore it ought to be made compulsory. These are some of the sentiments which were expressed at this Alliance. Now the Sabbath is a divine institution, and its observance is a duty that man owes to his Creator, and not to the Government. It is not in the province of human govern-ment, therefore, to dictate to man what shall be his duty in this respect. Besides, in the Colony the Mohammedans keep Friday, the Jews and Sabbatarians, Sat-urday, and the majority of Christians keep Sunday; therefore no one of these days could be enforced without infringing upon the rights of the two other classes. Is the question of Sabbath observance a religious or a political question? A religious question, to be sure. Well then, why not deal with it in a legitimate man-ner ? It is the privilege of the different denominations, which observe the Sunday, to preach from their pulpits, to teach in their Sunday-schools, and to instruct the people privately in reference to the ob-servance of the day. Who can say that it is not the priv-ilege of the Jews and Sabbatarians to do the same in their churches in reference to the seventh day, which they believe should be observed as the Sabbath ? Again, who can say that it is not the privilege of the keepers of Friday to ad-vocate their views with the same free-dom ? If they can convince Christians or Jews that they are right, and that all ought to observe Friday, who can deny the Jew or Christian the right of changing his practice in that respect ? To be sure the Bible is the rule for all, or should be, and yet no man has a right to compel another to believe the Bible (if it could be done), or to serve God con-trary to his own convictions. It is not in the province of human government to legislate on man's duty to his Creator, inasmuch as man is not to answer to the government but to God alone for his re-ligious belief and practice. Government has no right to enact  laws which will infringe upon the con-science of the humblest of its subjects, so long as the individual in following his convictions does not violate the rights and privileges of his neighbor. The Bible represents our 'duties religiously, and to the Author of the Bible are we responsible for any failure on our part to comply with its requirements. It is man's privilege and duty to preach, to teach, to invite, to persuade others to become Christians; but to compel them, never,Šno, never..ŠI. J. Hankins, in Present Truth, London. A Tennesseean Stirred Up. THE following letter sent us by a friend in Tennessee to whom it was written, shows that there is a lively revolt in that State against persecution for conscience' sake. Our after comment will correct one or two inaccuracies in the letter, ' which runs thus :Š Mayston, Tenn., Nov. 1, 1892. My dear friend Seoles: My blood runs hot with indignation at the barbarous treatment being dealt out to those men in Paris, Tenn. A Christ-less Christianity is outraging every sense and sen-timent of justice, mercy and decency. A big dog chewing the ears off a little one, a big man insult-ing a little one, is tame in comparison with a big society trying to crush out a little one through the guise of an unconstitutional law. A big Christian (?) community trying to crush out a little one.ŠFor shame ! For shame ! They tried the same game on King, but just be-fore his case reached the Supreme Court, where the Sunday law would have been declared uncon-stitutional, King suddenly died. Died ? No, he was murdered. The orthodox church could never afford to have such a decision as that. She would murder a hundred men before she would consent to that. I have drawn up a petition to Governor Bu-chanan, to exercise his executive clemency in their behalf. I have not asked him to pardon them, for they are guilty of no crime. I have already over fifty signatures to this petition, and could get thou-sands if I had a little time. I want you to get up one also, and after that we must get a lot of petitions to the next Legislature to repeal all those odious Sunday laws. A law that is good for Monday or Wednesday is good enough for Sunday or any other day. No one has any right to do wrong any day. No one has any right to intentionally disturb a neighbor or a meet-ing any day in the week. I wish the United States Congress would enact every Sunday a national holiday, for people to be as free to do and act that day as on any other na-tional holiday, to go to church, to a picnic, or any other place, or to work if they feel inclined. What has become of freedom in free Atherica ? Let us pelt the Governor with petitions until Moon and Dortch and Stem are released from the chain gang. There is no politics in it; there is no religion in it; it is simply a question of our com-mon humanity. These Sunday laws are uncon-stitutional ; are class legislation ; are a union of Church and State; are un-American and wholly unnecessary. The writer of this letter is evidently not a reader of THE SENTINEL, else he would know that Moon, Dortch and Stem are not now in jail, having served out their sentences some time since; but he would understand that these same men are again under indictment, together with some eight or nine others, members of the same church. That the whole Sev-enth-day Adventist Church is not in jail is not the fault of the instigators of the Henry County Inquisition. Another error into which the writer's zeal has led him, is in supposing that King was murdered. Mr. King died of natural causes, though it is very prob-able that his malady, heart disease, was aggravated by the things which he suf-fered at the hands of his persecutors. Had the writer of the foregoing letter said that Mr. King was hounded to death 