AMERICAN SENTINEL. 663 tion, they are undertaking work, which, if accomplished, will deepen the disregard for the Sabbath, and inten-sify among all classes of people, their hatred for the churches. "A form of religion that cannot exist without 'working on the Sabbath, even if it helps to send four or five men to hell every year, that one man might be protected in this liberty to pollute the Sab-bath, should be regarded and understood as it really is: the greatest enemy to labor that exists, the devil excepted. Shall not the Christian people of this land rise up and guard against such a stream of poison. ous literature being put into the hands and heads of the women and youth of this country? If you love the souls of the toiling thousands who are robbed of their rest, will you not manifest that love by standing firmly in the battle for a Sabbath for all the sons of toil? "If the conditions are allowed to be made worse along the lines that our Saturdarian folks are moving toward, labor will be driven downward with rapidly-increasing velocity, or a revolution Ł will be provoked. Every patriotic citizen should take his stand to prevent either of the above issues from being forced upon us." Every honest soul will awake to this warning par-allel. For by it we can see how near we are to the cli max, for arbitrary means is always Satan's last resort. But the torch of truth in the hands of fearless men and women will throw light on these dark designs, and prove more than conqueror over every combination of sin and force, be it as wide as the world. The very fact that we as a "people are few in numbers" should inspire us to a godly zeal; for as instruments in the hands of God, his truth through us is to stir the inhabitants of earth to a final decision. Let the gospel of freedom roll through-out the land. And may the statesmen of this favored nation go on the record books of heaven as men who had courage to meet public opinion with principles of truth, and to stand for the right when the world went wrong. Goldfield, Colorado. ME indifference and even contempt which the Presi-dent has displayed toward American ideas and toward the proper aspirations of a brave people, I for one can-not forget, and, politically speaking, cannot forgive. He has done his best to turn the great statue in New York Harbor of Liberty Enlightening the World into a collossal joke. He has made us and our boasted ideals the derision of the people of Europe. He has caused the nations of our own continent to drill armies and stand guard against the United States as a great freebooter, watching to rob them of their birthright. He and his counselors have largely thrown away our finest national  possessionŠour moral influence. He has put into our history a black page which will shame us forever.ŠProf. A. H. Tolman, of Chicago University. The Philippine Purchase. New York "World," Oct. 17. Tan imperialist organs were not slow in seeing the significance of Judge Day's admission that our title to the Philippines rests upon a purchase. They insist that the islands became ours "by conquest." One single question disposes of this claim: If we made a conquest of the islands, why haven't we got them? Why, after eight and a half months of war, are we still repelling attacks in the suburbs of Manila, and fearful of an, uprising in the city itself, as yesterday's despatches reported? Would the capture of New York by a foreign foe complete a "conquest" of the United States? Judge Day, as president of the American commis-sion that made the treaty of peace with Spain, certainly knows the terms on which we secured our claim to the Philippines. And he says:Š "By the cession for a consideration we obtained an indisputable title. . . . It was not claimed (by the American commissioners acting on the President's in-structions) that the United States had a right to the Philippines as a matter of conquest. The United States has never undertaken, so far as I know, to wrest from a foreign country lands or possessions simply by right of conquest. "Had we been disposed to do so," adds Judge Day, "it must be remembered that we were in possession only of the city, bay, and harbor of Manila, under the pro-tocol," and that "the capture, after the signing of the protocol, by General Merritt and his forces, whatever its legal effect may have been, included no more territory than we were entitled to hold under the protocol." Judge Day claims that this title by purchase is "in-disputable," but the inhabitants of Luzon have disputed it quite successfully thus far. The President, in his Pittsburg speech, took the same ground as his commis-sioner, saying that "peace brought us the Philippines by treaty cession from Spain." Waiving the important point that Spain could not cede that which she did not possessŠthat what she sold us was really, as Mr. Bryan says, only "an option on a war"ŠMr. McKinley has put this free Republic in the position of having purchased "sovereignty" over 10,000,000 unwilling people, and then sending for their subjugation the largest army ever employed by the United States except, in the civil war. These are the exact facts as to the Philippine pur-chase. How CAN we tell when people are fit for freedom? Why, sir, when they will die for it.ŠRev. Herbert S. Bigelow (Cincinnati). "And one of them named Caiaphas being the high priest that same year, said unto them, Ye know noth-ing at all, nor consider that it is expedient that one man should die forthe people, and that the whole nation perish not." John 2:47, 48, 49. 