504 AMERICAN SENTINEL. The Fourth Century and the Nineteenth Century. THE Church having commenced the treasonable work of placing man in the seat of the Holy Ghost in the tem-ple of God, and thus having lost the "power from on high," she naturally sought for power from beneath, the only power remaining. A church will have powerŠif not the power of God, then the power of men. Ministers filled with the Holy Ghost will add men to the Lord; but ministers, of every church and at all times, if they are not filled with the 'Holy Ghost, will seek power by leading away disciples after themselves. How many ministers to-day who bear the Protestant name are resorting to the most humiliating methods to fill their pews and plattersŠto lead disciples away after themselves. They are doing just what was done in the third century and onward by the "falling away" which made the papacy; and at the same time talking wisely of the apostasy in the early church. And when the faith-ful watchmen point to the parallel between the fourth century and the nineteenth, and warn men against the nineteenth century image of that fourth century church, they are declared to be enemies of Christ just as the faith-ful at that time were declared to be. We are tracing the tracks of the scarlet wyman through the early centuries for the sole purpose of show-ing that the trend of the popular church to-day is in the same path. Every point made has its parallel in the Protestant churches to-day, and we sincerely hope that the reader will see it and take warning. If the world has a seat in your heart while you profess to be Christ's, it matters not what church you belong to, you are covered by that symbolical robe of purple and scarlet. "Come out," is the call. Let the Holy Ghost sit in the temple of God. Dethrone the world, the flesh, and the devil, and let the Holy Spirit occupy the "holy see" of your heart, and thus escape the falling away of the nineteenth cen-tury. Having lost the power of God, the bishops of the early centuries made use of worldly methods to gain dis-ciples, and thus obtain power. Bishops vied with bishops in "methods of reaching the masses." One method is thus described and indorsed by Au-gustine, sometimes called a saint:Š "When peace was' made [between the emperors of Rome and the Church] the crowd of Gentiles who were anxious to embrace Christianity were deterred by this, that whereas they had been accustomed to pass the holi-days in drunkenness and feasting before their idols, they could not easily consent to forego these most pernicious yet ancient pleasures. It seemed good then to our lead-ers to favor this part of their weakness, and for those fes-tivals which they had relinquished to substitute others in honor of the holy martyrs, which they might celebrate with similar luxury, though not with the same impiety." ŠAug. Epist., p. 29. By such means did the early church seek and obtain the power of the world. Look on that picture, then on this, from a prominent minister of a popular Protestant church:Š "The Church has gradually toned down her testi-mony, then winked at and excused the frivolities of the day. Then she has tolerated them in her borders, and now she has adopted them and provided a home for them under the plea of 'reaching the masses and getting the ear of the people.' The devil has seldom done a cleverer thing than hinting to the Church of Christ that part of her mission is to provide entertainment for the people with a view to winning them into her ranks." "This thing is working rottenness in the Church of God and blasting her service for the King. In the guise of Christianity it is accomplishing the devil's own work. finder the pretense of going out to reach the world it is carrying our sons and daughters into the world. With the plea of. 'I)o not alienate the masses by your strict-ness,' it is seducing the young disciples from `the sim-plicity and the purity that is toward Christ.' (R. V.) Professing to win the world, it is turning the garden of the Lord into a public recreation ground. To fill the temple with those who see no beauty in Christ, a grinning Dagon is put over the doorway." "It will be no wonder if the Holy Ghost, grieved and insulted, withdraws his presence; for what concord hath Christ and Belial, and what agreement hath the temple of God with idols?"ŠArchibald Brown, in "Devil's Mis-sion of Amusements" endorsed by Spurgeon and Need-ham. Hear this from the author of the "Spirit-Filled Life":Š "It is positively painful to see the substitutes that are being tried to-day for the power of the Holy Ghost. Miserable substitutes are they all! One church is trying this plan, another that, and not one of them has found a, new plan that is a permanent success. They are flound-ering, and some of them are foundering, and no wonder. It will be no loss to the kingdom of God if churches which ignore the Holy Ghost should founder. Let us go back to the Pentecostal methods. The trouble is that the churches have lost their way to that `upper room.' Let a church only find her way back there, and obtain her Pentecost; let pulpit and pew be baptized with the Holy Ghost and with fire, and the people will come running in to see it burning. That church will not need to cater for amusements as a bait to catch the masses, but the people will come crowding into her pews, climbing into them as Zaccheus climbed into the branches of that sycamore'tree when he wanted to see the Lord ; for the people still want "to see Jesus," and they have heard that he is "to pass 