AMERICAN SENT IN EL. 475 on the law of God," we were told. How then was it pos-sible that the government should err? * IT is nothing less than shameful that such erroneous views as Blackstone's should be steadily inculcated upon the minds of young men in our land. Lawyers play a leading part in our political life; they do much to guide and direct the course of public events; more than other men, they are, as a class, looked to for advice and opin-ion on the great problems of our complex system. What shall we say of those Who pervert the understanding of our future lawyers at the very outset of their studies and do all in their power to send these young men forth to their work in the world with deluded and distorted brains? * A LAW may, it is true, command what is right. And it is also true that a law may prohibit what is wrong. But this is a mere accident in either case. The law does not command a thing because it is right, nor prohibit it because it is wrong. Neither does a thing become right because a law commands it, or wrong because a law for-bids it. The right or the wrong of a thing is no element of the law in regard to it. And on the other hand, the legality or illegality of a thing has no connection what-ever with its quality as right or wrong. A government may pass a law providing that its flag shall consist of red and white stripes, and fix their number; but it could not, by any enactment, make the red stripes white or the white stripes red, or make an odd number even, or an even number odd. WE get rid of much confusion when this distinction is properly established. For instance, we are sometimes told that it is the duty of all good citizens to obey the laws. But a good citizen has only one duty, as such, in this world; his sole duty is to do right. Once we elimi-nate the infallibility of law as a doctrine inconsistent with the facts of history and American principles of govern-ment, we see that it is by no means unthinkable that this duty of doing right may bring a good citizen directly in conflict with human law. To assume that such a law commands what is right and prohibits what is wrong is to assume for the law-making power the right of con-science over the community. But the right of conscience is an individual right which each person must exercise for himself. The legislature cannot determine questions reserved for the tribunal set up in the breast of every man. On the contrary, the acts of the legislature must themselves be arraigned before that tribunal and the rightfulness or wrongfulness of them must be there deter-mined as in a court of last resort. * * * A VERY antique maxim of the law goes with the no-tion that it is concerned with the distinction between  right and wrongŠthe maxim that there can be no wrong without a remedy. This is solemnly uttered now and then by our most erudite and profound jurists. But it is either false, or it is a mere truism. It is false, if it means that there is no moral wrong without legal redress. It is so far false, that many atrocious moral wrongs are and always have been not merely remediless at law, but actually accomplished by means of laws, sometimes passed for that express purpose. * IT is a mere truism if it means that there is no legal wrong without a legal remedy. It appears as a truism in the LatinŠ"ubijus iti rernedium;" jus here means a legal right; remedium means a kind of action, or legal process; sb that the significance of the sentence is simply that wherever a legal right exists, some form of practice may be found for its enforcement. In this sense, the maxim has been sometimes appealed to where the legis-lature has failed to specify the manner in which the pro-visions of a statute are to be availed of in the courts. WE see, then, that the law knows nothing, and can-not by any possibility know anything, of right or wrong; but. is confined exclusively to dealing with rights and wrongs. And these rights and wrongs are altogether of its own creation, and exist by virtue of its will, and may, at any time, be reversed, and converted one into the other at its pleasure. In different communities and at different stages of the world's progressthese rights and wrongs differ widely; because men's notions of what is expedient, or conducive to the social welfare, are by no means fixed or universal. But right and wrong are inde-pendent of epochs, as well as of latitude and longitude. * * SOUTH CAROLINA for years had no divorce law. It was the opinion of her people that it was unwise to allow the severance of the marriage tie for any reason whatso-ever. There was, therefore, no jus of separation for hus-band and wife, and no remedium, or procedure for secur-ing it. Then the legislature passed a law allowing di-vorces under certain circumstances. At once, the jus arose. If no particular way of sifting the facts, or of ad-judicating upon them had been provided, then the courts would have supplied the remedium. Later still, the law was repealed and jus and remedium fell together. But it is plain that the right of conjugal fidelity and the wrong of conjugal infidelity were always the same in South Carolina as they were everywhere else, and that the absence or presence of a statute on the subject did not in the least affect its moral aspect. Pr is to be hoped that some day a writer will be found who will give us a book on the general principles of law which shall be, from beginning to end, AmericanŠfaithful 