THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 309 They reason like the Spanish muleteers, who, when some one suggested that it would be as well for them to fill both sides of their panniers with fruit instead of loading one with stones, and thus save a trip up and down the mountains, replied that there was no telling what might hap-pen should they depart from the customs of their forefathers. But such reasoning cannot commend itself to sensible, thinking people. If Sunday laws, Government chaplains, and religious teaching in the public schools, are right, they are right because in the nature of things it is so, and not because they have been in existence and carried on for hundreds of years. But the fact that precedent rather than principle, is appealed to in pleading for their contin-ued existence, is presumptive proof at least that there is nothing better in their favor. For my part, I say, Let us stand on principle.Š W. A. C., in Home Mis-sionary. Intolerance in Russia. THE outside world can scarcely have any idea of the extent to which religious intolerance is carried in the Russian code of laws. There is scarcely any more heinous crime than openly disagreeing with the Grbek Church, and it does not matter whether the dissenter be a Catho-lic, Protestant, Jew, Mohammedan, or atheist. All are alike hateful. For ex-ample, the criminal code, Article 196, ex-pressly provides that any one found guilty of propagating the views of heretical or dissenting bodies, or of circulating the doctrines of any new sect dangerous to orthodoxy, will be punished with the for-feiture of all rights, and banished from European Russia to Transcaucasia, from the Stavropol Government or from Trans-caucasia to Siberia, and from Siberia to the most remote regions of that country. The same punishments will be meted out to dissenters who, under the influence of their fanaticism, use insulting terms about the Orthodox Church or orthodox clergy. A dissenter who publicly makes known his false doctrines to the orthodox, with a view to their joining his sect, even though his actions should not result in any acces-sion from the Orthodox Church, will be punished most severely. Suppose a dissenter in Russia persuades, directly or indirectly, some one to aban-don the Greek Church. The code, Article 184, provides that for the " crime " of per-verting any one, either by means of temp-tations or otherwise, from the Christian faith to Islamism, Judaism, or other non-Christian faith, the guilty person will be sentenced toloss of all civil and personal rights, and to penal servitude from eight to ten years. For inducing any one to leave the Orthodox faith for another Christian denomination, the punishment is the loss of all personal rights and privileges, and banishment to Siberia. To such penalty  Protestant or Catholic is liable if ever he ventures to speak of his religious faith. If it can be proven that he has thus spoken, it will be easy to find some one to declare that some one else has been by this means persuaded to forsake the Orthodox faith. ŠTruth Seeker. . 4 .  'National Reform and Christianity. NATIONAL Reformers talk of enforcing their religious belief upon all that come among them. But how does that com-pare with Christianity ? If they force a man to practice religious duties against his will, they so far destroy his liberty; but if they destroy liberty in an intelli-gent being, they to that extent destroy his moral responsibility, that is, they destroy his free moral agency. Consequently they would destroy the doctrine of grace, which is the infusion of divine aid to help man do that which he is convinced is right. But the doctrine of grace is the very foundation of Christianity, and if they destroy that, every other doctrine goes with it. Thud National Reform is subversive of Christianity. God leaves man perfectly at liberty to serve him or not. Says he, " Choose you this day whom ye will serve," and even when a man chooses not to serve him, but to make his whole life a life of sin and iniquity, God does not take from him the power necessary to do that. But these Reformers would compel a man to serve God in spite of God's witness against it. Love is the link that binds God to man. Can love be forced ? Can men be brought to Christ by threatening them with the rack or the stake ? Compulsion would make man hate God even worse, and only those who were impelled by fear or by policy would obey, and all such obedience is an abomination to God. The spirit of Christ is, " Come unto me." The spirit of the National Reformers is, "If you don't we'll make you." The contrast is rather striking. FRANK HOPE. Baptists Persecuted in Russia. IT seems very strange to think that we are living in the days of persecutions, but it is nevertheless true. Not only are the Jews hated in Germany, persecuted and driven out of Russia, turned back on ac-count of poverty from America, refused a shelter in the Holy Land, but Christians are being persecuted, very bitterly too. A short time since, the Orthodox Greek Church authorities held a meeting in which the disposition of Baptists and oth-ers not conforming to the Greek Church was considered. The matter was warmly debated. One hundred and fifty delegates from forty-one episcopates were assembled in this conference, "to consider the alarm-ing growth of Protestant sects among the orthodox, and to devise measures for sup-pressing them." Baptists were especially  singled out for censure in the debate; these have been doing a colporteur work which has resulted in the winning of a great many to a true faith in Christ. The Protestant Christians of Russia are a simple-hearted folk, industrious, thrifty and enterprising. The Holy Synod (save the mark !) has determined to get rid of the Protestants by making life in Russia too unpleasant for them. All are to be handed over to the tender care of the police. Their passports are to be espe-cially marked, so that they shall be every-where known as heretics. They will not be permitted to rent land, nor to work with orthodox workmen, nor to find work at all. They will be thus impoverished and driven from place to place, and then be sent out penniless to find homes, if they can, in some other land. The plan is al-ready in operation, and our brethren are suffering from priests and police. And this is the nineteenth century, and this is done in the name of Christ! But the Lord reigneth. His people are as the apple of his eye. If Russia would but listen to the voice of history she might see how often, under the providence of God, the persecutors have paid dearly for their whipping God's humble people.ŠRev. Frank S. Dobbins, in the Examiner. THE following from the Christian Ad-vocate, of this city, is significant :Š A plan to change the weekly school holiday from Saturday to Monday was discussed at the meeting of the National Association of Seminary Principals at Round Lake. Professor Bishop, of Montpelier, pro-posed it, and was. supported by two other seminary principals, one in Vermont and the other in Illinois, who have tried and strongly approved it. The points they make in its favor are that Sunday was more generally observed because it came not at the close of a holiday, but of a day of exercises. Tues. day's lessons were better learned, and because the frequently bad influences of Saturday night were not a feature of the Monday holiday. Most of the people liked the change, or at least had no objection to it. We believe this proposition to be worthy of serious consideration and experimentation, and we will doubtless receive it, as most of the principals present determined to submit the question to the faculties of their schools. The same suggestion has been made be-fore, and it seems not unlikely that very' soon it will be acted upon as everything is being made subservient to Sunday observ-ance. Such a change would, however, work great hardship upon observers of the seventh day. " TO get the Nation right as to the Sab-bath," says Mr. Crafts, in Sabbath Re-form, " we must first get the Church right, and to get the Church right, in-volves getting the individual Christian to amend his own course in this matter." Why then does not Mr. Crafts begin with the individual Christian instead of asking the State to pass and enforce laws compel-ling all to keep Sunday ? He is con-demned out of his own mouth. 