AMERICAN SENTINEL. 61 hearted Samaritans realize that one brief word from the lips of him whom they had refused to receive would seal their destiny. How they would have trembled had they heard the fearful question fall from the eager lips of the zealous disciples! But had they known the character of Him to whom the question was put, there would have been no need to tremble. But they did not know him; if they had, they would not have refused bim entrance. Neither are his own followers acquainted with him; else would this disposition to avenge an insult never have made itself manifest by their savage question. Listen! The Master speaks. That same voice low and sweet, which a little later bade the impetuous Peter put up his sword into its place, is making reply. Rais-ing his sacred hand toward the men eagerly awaiting permission to call down the vengeance of God upon their enemies, he sadly answers:Š "Ye know not what manner of spirit ye are of. For the Son of man is not come to destroy men's lives, but to save them." What a rebuke upon any who would so far forget their Master and his teachings, as to think for a moment to employ force in matters of conscience! These Samar-itans had insulted the Christ; and so the disciples pro-posed at once to force an acknowledgment of his su-premacy and power. But oh, those blessed hands were never raised to avenge himself or to call down fire upon any. They were never raised to heaven save to bring healing and blessing upon the poor ungrateful sons and daughters of men. Shall weŠyou and I, readerŠfollow his example? MRS. L. D. AVERY-STUTTLE. TO OtER PATRONS: 1. Write Names Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bans Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing  Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. AMERICAN S Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom-promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOTTS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. Single Copy, Per Year " Six months Three months $1.00. .50. .25. Dear Reader: If the SENTINEL comes to you each-week wrapped singly and your address on the wrapper, it means that no one else is receiving the paper at your post-office. Are you satisfied to be the only reader of the-SENTINEL in your community? THE SIMPLICITY VAPORIZER is A GENUINE VAPORIZER, not an ordinary atomizer. It converts medicines into vapor, thus every passage of the respiratory organs is reached and the disease SPEEDILY RELIEVED. Treatment by this method for CATARRH, BRONCHITIS, COUGHS, COLDS, ASTHMA. and all diseases of the Respiratory Organs is recommended by eminent physicians. Sent with medicine postpaid on receipt of 51.50. Mention disease. Satisfaction guaranteed. A. MALLETT, 39 Bond St., N. Y. D. V. Mansfield, Conklin, Mich., writes, I received the Vaporizer and am well satisfied. It is helping my cough, and I will recommend it to others. Have YOU Read This? DID we never tell you that Miles' Pocket Dic-tionary, the "New Webster," is based upon the great "WEBSTER'S INTERNATIONAL DIC-TIONARY?"ŠThat it has a double index by which any desired word is found in a moment of time?ŠThat it is the only abridged dictionary that gives the full pro-nunciation of words? (This book tells all that can be told about the writing and the speaking of the words, a marvelous fact!)ŠThat it has a device, called the "Co-lumbian Word-Builder," that doubles the capacity of the book, making it contain more words than any other dictionary short of an unabridged? The largest abridged dictionary published, is it? In-deed it is. It has 45,800 words. Yes, sir, 45,800! But listen! This little book, of vest-pocket size, is not only the handiest and most complete, but it actually embod-ies four other books, all of which are characterized by the same elements of completeness; viz: a "Pronouncing and Statistical Gazateer of the World;" a "Rapid Calcu-lator and Compendium of Business and Social Forms;" a "Parliamentary Manual," based on Roberts' and Cushing's; and a "Letter Writer and Literary Guide." It is a complete library of five pocket reference books bound in one volume and weighs only two ounces. Say, did you know it is almost a sin not to own this most wonderful literary, social and business help, when it can be had, bound in cloth, for only 25 cents, and for 50 cents in leather, gilt edged and gold embossed? (Extra moroced, Calendar, Memorandum, and Stamp-Holder, 60 cents.) 600,000, and more, sold and everybody pleased and more than pleased. Your money back if you are not fully satisfied. Send price for a copy at once, and terms to agents. You can easily sell dozens of copies to your neighbors and friends. "I sold 50 in one day and have averaged 25 a day for sev-eral weeks at a time." J. J. K. Write today. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York City. SENDFOR ic.fATALhOaG  you ove aFn  ui dirt e aPUBLICATIONS ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING Co., 39 Bond St., New York. 