88 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, MARCH 13, 1890. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. OUR thanks are due to Hon. H. W. Baker, Superintendent of the State Docu-ments, Albany. N. Y., for official docu-ments furnished. Ł Ł  Ł  IF you are interested in Arizona curi-osities, subscribe for the Moral and Scientific Companion, published by Mr. Eugene Browne, of Florence, Arizona. Now that the United States Senators begin to say on the floor of the Senate Chamber, that the Sunday-law petitions are " not true as stated," perhaps those who are running the Sunday-law business will discover that it would be better to be honest and state the truth as it is. See page 86 of this paper. Ł  Ł MARCH 5, there was presented to the Senate of the United States a petition carrying 308,377 names in opposition to the Blair Sunday bill and the Blair res-olution proposing an amendment to the Constitution respecting establishments of religion and free public schools. This makes more than 658,000 bona fide signa-tures that have been presented to the Senate in opposition to these measures. Let the good work go on. THE Young People's Christian En-deavor societies of Poughkeepsie, N. Y., have started a boycott on Sunday trade. They are endeavoring to get people to sign an agreement not to patronize any stores that do not close on Sundays, only except-ing drug stores. These societies would do better to spend their efforts in an hon-est endeavor to be Christians, than to lay themselves out in such "Christian en-deavor " as this amounts to. Ł A GENTLEMAN who holds a proper esti-mate of human nature has stated to us that, though, we are so strongly opposed to the work and aims of those who aro seeking to secure religious legislation, we ourselves would be just as bad as they are if we had the power which they are asking for. Of course we would. And for the very good reason that we would have to be as bad as they are before we could ask for that power; and being as bad as they in asking for it we certainly would be as bad as they in the use of the power when  obtained. Our constant "purpose :is; that by the grace of God we may be kept so good, that we will never ask for any such power.  ŁŁ-Ł  WE .axe indebted to Prof. W. H. McKee' Secretary of the National Religious Lib-erty, Association, for a copy of the Brief submitted by him to the Congressional Committee on the proposed District Sun-day law. We shall' print it next week. Professor McKee is a graduate of Michi-gan University Law School, and a prac-tical lawyer besidesŠhaving been regu-larly admitted to the bar- in three different StatesŠand we can assure our readers that in this Brief there is a treat in store for them. OUR esteemed Republican contemporary, the Tribune, reports that the experiment in State socialism which the State of New York entered upon when it determined to pay the laborers it employs higher wages than the market rate, is to be continued, and that the Legislature will have to ap-propriate $600,000 to bear the expense of keeping it up during 1890. It is a bad experiment. State socialism ought not to' be encouraged or tolerated in thiS country. The State should pay the same wages as are paid by other employers of labor, and no more.ŠNew York Sun. IN the North American Review, for -March, there is a fine discussion of " The Limitations of the Speakership," by Speaker Reed and Ex-Speaker Carlisle. The editor of the Review graciously in-forms the public that " of all others" these two gentlemen could discuss this ques-tion " with adequacy in point of practical experience and contrasted principles." " Others" indeed! We had supposed that of all men in the country these two gentle-men were themselves. And if Mr. Bryce had only been in the gallery of the House of Representatives, January 29 last, we believe that he would be inclined to think so too. Assuredly, Mr. Editor, these two gentlemen are themselves, not " others." THE organ of the French Evangelical Publishing Society, Semeur (Springfield Mass.), the publication of which was sus-pended last fall, has again made its ap-pearance under a new name. It is now known as Le Citoyen Franco-American, which means "The Franco-American Cit-izen." It is printed principally in French but has an English department, and has a thoroughly Protestant ring which is de-cidedly refreshing. The object of the paper is the promulgation of Protestant-ism among French-speaking people in America, and while its publishers do not wish their countrymen to forget that they are French,they do desire that they shall become thoroughly loyal American cit-izens, owing allegiance, not to the Pope of Rome but to the Government under  which they live, and to the God who gives them their being. We trust that Le Cit-oyen Franco-American will be always and in every part thoroughly and consist-ently Protestant. REFERRIXG to the Blair bills, a Nebraska paper (the Bertrand Herald) says :Š It is lucky for the country that Senator Blair does not possess the power to form-ulate a national bill of fare for every Amer-ican citizen. It is fortunate for both Church and State that he has not the power to direct just what shall be taught in our public schools and just how each individual shall regard Sunday, whether he be Christian, infidel, agnostic or Jew, If Senator Blair could secure the position of chief dictator to this nation, the American people would soon find themselves shorn of every individual right. Religious lib-erty' and freedom of conscience would be destroyed, and Church and State would be as firmly united as in the days of the rack and the Inquisition. THE temperance crusades of the women are changing color as the Woman's Chris-tian Temperance Union have more to do with politics. When they first began, through the power of prayer to God and persuasion to men, saloons were closed, men were converted, and whisky was poured into the gutter. But in Lathrop, Missouri, lately, the women entered on an-other kind of crusade. They did not pray or weep, but became indignant, smashed the doors of two law-breaking saloonists, poured whisky and brandy into the gutter and set it on fire. Something like $1,000 worth was destroyed. The change illus-trates the changing spirit of the age. We believe,however, that the praying crusade'  was the better one.ŠSigns of the Times. THE Archbishop of Canterbury has taken out a license to sell beer and wine for the entertainment of the clergy of his diocese. An English bishop said in a public address not long ago that one of his ambitions was to keep a public house. His Grace of Canterbury will now have an opportunity to show his talents as the keeper of a "pub.," and doubtless his stock of refreshments will be pure.ŠNew York Sun. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preserva- tion of the United States Constitution as it, is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending tower& a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. SINGLE COPY, PER YEAR, POST-PAID, . . Ł . $1.00. In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, . . . . 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. 