um, of our Government Church to the State of the former under Ano system and t 2 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. ernment was called upon to view the question. And so far as the question has yet been discussed, by this department, the very least that can be said of it is that the question has been dealt with in a man-ner that should thrill with joy the very hearts of the most rabid National Reform-ers and would-be-persecutors in all the land. If the Supreme Court of the United States should adopt the views and confirm the opinions of the decision referred, then IIeaven pity the individual who should ever venture to think or act for himself religiously in this country. As the victim of this particular piece of persecution is now dead, it is hardly likely that the Supreme Court will be called upon to notice the question as soon as was ex-pected. And in view of the result, so far as the case did go, the people may count themselves fortunate that there is this prospective delay. Of the three departments of the national Government the executive only remains untouched by this specific movement for securing governmental sanction to religion by direct and positive legislation enforcing religious observances. But in view of the record made by the present chief Execu-tive it would seem that even there the way is fully open to the National Reformers as soon as they can succeed in carrying any of their measures that far. For President Harrison, not only, like several of his pred-ecessors, went beyond the Constitution and -issued a religious proclamation ap-pointing a day of religious thanksgiving, but went even beyond them, so far as our knowledge goes, and actually assumed the prerogative of deciding what were the " appropriate observances of the day," one of whiCh he declared to be " worship in the public congregation." So far as our recollection goes, previous proclamation of this character only ap-pointed the day and left the people free ,to decide for themselves what were the 'appropriate observances of the day. But President Harrison, not only appoints the day but, actually presumes to decide for the people what observances are " ap-propriate " and distinctly names " wor-ship " as one 'of those things which are " appropriate." This is all logical enough it is true; for if it be the prerogative of the President of the United States to ap-point a day for religious exercises, it is tnly proper enough that he should define religious exercises that are appropriate occasion. He who decides that a be observed, is, as a matter of qualified to decide how it rved. And it is but natural, o, that those who would re-tment of a day of religious look to the same source for ow it should be observed. further will President ther President ever have to assume entire control ercises and worship of  the people and proclaim himself Pontifex Maximus at once in full feather ? No, no, such was not the view of the makers of the national Government. Madison, the chief worker in the cause, declared that " executive proclamations of fasts and festivals" are a "deviation from the strict principle of the immunity of re- ligion from civil jurisdiction." And Jefferson, Madison's predecessor in the presidential chair, and his admirable col-league in the battle for religious freedom in Virginia, and in that for the Nation, declared that " No power to prescribe any religious exercise, or to assume authority in religious discipline, has been delegated to the general Government." This ought to be apparent to every person who can read these words of the United States Con-stitution. " The powers not delegated to the United States by this Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people." Yet for more than a quarter of a century this plain provision has been habitually disregarded in this respect; and not only has the precedent distinctly supplanted the Constitution, but it grows more bold and advanced as time goes on. And the people, religious as well as otherwise, love to have it so. If not they would remember these weighty words of President Jeffer-son :Š I do not believe it is for the interest of religion to invite the civil magistrate to direct its exercises, its discipline, or its doctrines; nor of the religious societies, that the general Government should be invested with the power of effecting any uniform-ity of time or matter among them. Fasting and prayer are religious exercises: the enjoining them an act of discipline. Every religious society has a right to determine for itself the time for these exercises, and the objects proper for them, accord-ing to their own particular tenets ; and this right can never be safer than in their own hands, where the Constitution has deposited it. But instead of respecting the Constitu-tion, which both in its provisions and its intent, has left to the individual this whole matter of religion to be exercised or not as to him seems proper, the chief execu-tives of the Nation, in disregard of their oath to maintain the Constitution, have taken from the people this inalienable right. And the people, instead of jealously guarding this right and being grateful that the Constitution recognizes and guar-antees its free exercise, dully submit to it all, and 'rather caress the hand that is steadily filching from them this inalien-able right and inestimable privilege, which have been bought with such torrents of blood and such untold suffering. In addition to all these things there has been in the past year a more rapid growth than ever before in the country, of the ne-farious doctrine that the safety of the State and of Society as a whole is depen-dent upon the public and official recognition of religion, and that to deny it, is to commit a treason against the State and to strike at the very foundation of organized so-ciety. And, as THE SENTINEL has always  pointed out, this point is made to turn entirely upon the Sunday' institution. It is religion as signified by Sunday that is essential to the preservation of society and the State. It is the religion represented by Sunday that must be publicly recog-nized and established in order to preserve the State and save society. It is therefore held that to speak against Sunday, and above all to disregard it, is to commit treason against society and the State. Thus the disregard of Sunday is coming more and more to be recognized and de-clared to be the supreme offense against society and the State. Upon this point too, during 1891, the Pope has come to the support of this doc-trine, with the renewed proclamation that "It is we who are the chief guardian of religion ;" and therefore enjoins "the ob-ligation of the cessation of work and labor on Sundays and certain festivals ;" declares that this " should be rest from labor conse-crated by religion ; " and that the Church "acts upon the decided view that . . . recourse should be had, in. due measure and degree, to the help of the law and of the State authority." And even now as we enter upon the New Year everything possible is being done throughout the whole Nation, to secure the official recognition of Sunday and all that is involved in it, by congres-sional action. One of the very earliest bills introduced in the Fifty-second Con-gress, now in session, was one by Senator Paddock of Nebraska, to close the World's Fair on Sunday. In view of all these things THE AAIERI-CAN SENTINEL enters upon its seventh year with its original and abiding convic-tions deepened that the Government of the United States, as founded by our fathers will be subverted, and will be made subject to a religious power; and that there will be here a union of religion and the State, with all its attendant evils, after the perfect likeness of the Papacy. The accomplishment of this is as certain as that time shall continue. The thing is only a question of time; and the time is short; for all things are now ready.. Will the people ever awake ? A. T. J. The Way of the Church with the State. THE editor of the Twentieth Century has found a fifth. thing too wonderful for him, that is, the way of a clergyman with the relation of the Church to the State. This is what he says :Š " One can not help wondering at the way some clergymen look at things. For example : In his Thanksgiving sermon as published in full, in the Mail and Express of No . 28, the Rev. Ezra Tinker, pastor of P Street Methodist Episcopal Chur , says : Š 