AMERICAN SENTINEL. 231 -"Why," said Blair, "that is not true, and you may come to-morrow Morning and look for yourself." "I will be -there at such a time," and he was there. As he went in Blair said, "Ah, bishop, you got Seward splendidly yes-terday; bow the fellow lies !" Bishop Simpson said, "I ,do not come to hear about him, but about your depart-ment." "I haven't time to see about that." "Sir, it is of -more importance than you know. Yesterday you said there were not two who were Episcopalians, and I said there were not two that were not Episcopalians;" and so he forced him to look at it, and he found that the bishop was correct, and that there were not two that were not Episcopalians. All this Mr. Lincoln said to Mr. FŠ, who commu-nicated it to one of the best known citizens of this coun-try, a man of unimpeachable veracity and equal accuracy, who communicated it to us. After listening to it, we summoned a stenographer, to whom, at our request, our informant' dictated it. Denominational distinctions should never be recog-nized in such things, or all denominations are entitled, and will be driven, to protect themselves. Nor is it be-neath their dignity. for presidents, governors, etc— to 'consider whether there is a tendency on the part of mem-bers of Cabinets to give an unusual proportion of ap-pointments at their disposal to those who are of their own communion. Recognizing the Papacy. Tax efforts of the pope to mediate between the Gov-ernment and Spain have not been regarded with compla-cency by some of the religious bodies of the country. Among these is the New York Conference of Baptist min-isters, who at their customary weekly meeting in this Łcity, April 4, gave expression to their sentiments in the matter by the following resolution:Š "In view of the published suggestion from Madrid that the pope mediate between Spain and the United States in the Spanish and Cuban difficulty, we, the members of the New York Baptist Ministers' Conference, desire to utter an emphatic protest against any present or future rec-ognition of the pope by our Government. We regard such recognition as in direct violation of the principle of separation between the church and the state which has been thoughtfully adopted by us. It would be a prece dent likely to be used in future to our discomfort, if not to the disturbance of our civic affairs. "While appreciating the propriety of his counselling the church which recognizes him as its religious instructor and head, we do not regard him as having any office with which our Government should hold official relation." But the worst form of recognition of the papacy is the recognition of the principles which underlie the papal system; and that is done in every instance of religious legislation. It is much worse to imitate the papacy than to recognize the pope as an earthly sovereign. Those Christian Nations. BY 0. C. GODSMARK. THE following extract from the pen of R. G. Ingersoll, in an article entitled, "How I would amend the Golden Rule," but fitly represents the prevailing idea of true Christianity and its relation -to civil organizations. "People called ChristiansŠor rather nations called Chris-tiansŠare the most warlike of the world. Christians now have armies amounting to several millions of men. They have hundreds of iron clad monsters filled with missiles of death floating from port to port, ready to destroy and kill. Every Christian nation is guarded by fortifi-cations to prevent other Christains from cutting their throats." Now the simple fact is that Christians do nothing of the kind. The fact that the man is a Christian forever forbids his taking a single step in the direction above,  mentioned. A Christian is one who follows Christ, or does as Christ did and taught. The whole tenor of Christ's teaching is that of loveŠlove to God and love to man. Not merely love toward our friends, but love, act-ual love for our enemies. Did our Saviour retaliate for the indignities heaped upon him? No. We do not read of his having so much as a body guard to protect his person from the blood thirsty Jews who ever sought his life, much less of his sending out troops of trained soldiers to destroy the property and take the lives of those who opposed him in his work. A Christian nation would be a nation composed en-tirely of ChristiansŠmen, who, when they were reviled, would revile not again, when smitten upon one cheek would turn the other also; but this we fail to find. Where among the great powers of earth is there a nation composed of such men as our Saviour was? The fact is they do not exist. We find Christians, as individuals, scattered all over this wide world; but Christian nations, as such, exist only in the vocabularies of writers and speakers who but superficially study the Word of God. The mere fact that a nation depends upon its own strength or that of some other earthly power for protec-tion, also that it provides itself with aggressive means of warfare, shows conclusively that it cannot, as a nation, be Christian, or Christ-like. Jesus said to Pilate, "My kingdom is not of this world; if my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight." John 18:36. Mr. Ingersoll truly states what the nations of earth are to-day doing; but when he attempts to make Christianity, or the teaching of God's Word, responsible for the present preparations for war, also the merciless shedding of innocent blood by nations falsely called Christian, he falls far short of the true con- ception of the relation of Christianity to civil govern- . ments,Šthat of entire separation. Los Angeles, Cal. "ONLY the Golden Rule can prevent the rule of gold." 