774 AMERICAN SENTINEL. there were some, were to be-condemned as violating the law of the Sabbath. "What may be perfectly decent on Monday, or Tues-day, becomes unlawful on the Lord's day. I charge upon all Sunday journals that they demoralize the community. " We must hold up a moral standard and let every-thing be conformed to that standard. This is the prin-ciple to be followed in dealing with this question. "The foundation of all reform and salvation is the fear of God; and the fear of God is to be secured through his Word and his day, which he has given us for its study. The Sunday paper more largely perhaps than any other agency banishes the fear of God. "If this evil is not suppressed the country will be dragged down to overwhelming ruin." He proposed as a remedy the writing of thousands upon thousands of letters to obtain the sentiment of Christians and Christian bodies regarding the Sunday paper; the circulation of pledges against it; the organ-izing of committees for aggressive work in all cities where Sunday papers are published; and the issuing of tracts for the education of public sentiment throughout the country against this form of Sunday desecration. In adopting the customary resolutions, the associa- tion made note of the American conquest of the Philip-pine Islands, and gave its approval to the undertaking. Judged for the Tithe. BY Z. G. BAHARIAN. NOVEMBER 2, the court of Karamousal, Nicomedia, pronounced a sentence against the treasurer of Seventh-day Adventists of Shagshag, with three months impris-onment and 150 piasters (about $6), cash fine. Nicomedia is a province next to Constantinople toward the East, where in several towns and villages more than one hundred Seventh-day Adventists live, faithfully paying their taxes to the state, and paying tithes also to advance the cause of the gospel. Shag-shag is one of these villages, with a small population (three hundred souls). All are of the Armenian religion, except fifteen Sabbath-keepers. Satan many times tried to destroy this little flock of Sabbath-keepers, but they were kept by the power of God, and prospered under unfavorable circumstances. Even the govern-ment acknowledged their faithfulness during the Armen-ian insurrection. The Armenians were very jealous against them. They watched their steps with open eyes to find fault in their relation with the government; but they were faultless. At last they tried to find something in their religion in order to accuse them before the authorities. They saw that these Sabbath-keepers pay tithes. They were sure to misrepresent this, and bring punishment upon them. About two years ago the ruler and the priest of Shagshag (both beingArmenians),called on the Director of Yalova, and complained against them that they were collecting money, called tithes, to advance the political purposes of Armenians. The Director called all these Sabbath-keepers and investigated about the matter. We thought then that he was convinced that they were falsely accused. But he has sent the question to Nicomedia, and from there it has been referred to the court of Karamousal for a final judgment. November 2 was set for their judgment. All were invited. When the judge asked them about the tithe question, all in one accord testified that they give tithes to advance the preaching of the gospel, in obedience to God's command-ment. The judge asked them to prove it from the gospel (New Testament). They were glad to read several verses. But the judge did not accept it, and told them that they were depeived. He would send them away without any punishment if they would promise to dis-continue it in the future. They did not accept this proposition, and insisted that it was God's command and they were unable to disobey it. Then the judge tried to hold the treasurer responsible for collecting thetithes without the Sultan's permission. But all at once answered with the words of Luke 20:25. The tithe belonged to God and they werenot responsible when they did not get permission from the Sultan. Then the judge held a second council with the members of the court for about an hour and a half; and came out with a verdict of guilty. The treasurer was fined 150 piasters and given three months' imprisonment. The treasurer did not accept it, and protested against it, and required that the sentence be referred to the higher court of Nicomedia. We wait anxiously to see what will be the decision of this higher court. We are sure God will help us and glorify Ms name. Constantinople, November 20, 1899. National Reform Activity. IN the annual report of the work of the National Reform Association, published last October, this illus-tration is given of the "alacrity and efficiency" of the sub-committees of this organization in its "reform" work:Š "During the session of the Pennsylvania legislature for 1899, a bill known as the Fow Bill, having for its object the weakening if not the entire destruction of the Pennsylvania Sabbath law, was introduced and referred to the committee on Law and Order. The Sub-commit-tee of the Association, at an opportune time, arranged for a hearing before the Law and Order Committee of the legislature, sent out protests against the Fow Bill to twelve hundred pastors, accompanied by a circular letter urging that a vote be taken on the protest, and that the same be signed by the proper congregational officers and sent to Harrisburg for presentation to the 