722 AMERICAN SENTINEL. the Jews, to clear himself in the matter. But did he clear himself? Pilate was warned of God not to yield to his fears and commit the act which was urged upon him by con-siderations of his personal welfare. But he disregarded the warning, telling himself that he had to do it. Friends, don't follow the example of Pilate. Pilate made a terrible mistake. Christian Expansion. WI% are in favor of expansion. But we are Christians, and therefore the expansion of which we are in favor is Christian expansion. What then is Christian expansion? To this the Text-Book of Christianity will give an answer. Go back in thought through the centuries,to the year 33 A. D. Picture in your mind a scene described in the gospel narrativesŠthe risen Saviour standing in the midst of the little group of his disciples, and saying to them, "Go ye into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature;" "and teach all nations . . . teach-ing them to observe all things whatsoever I have com= manded you." From that small center the doctrines of Christianity were, in the purpose of God, to spread out and out and out into all the world, to every nation and people, teaching and establishing everywhere the divine principle of love toward God and all men. This is Chris-tain expansion. And this expansion is still going on in the world, in the final fulfillment of the great Christian commission. This is the expansion in which we believe; and in what other kind can any Christian believe consistently? Ifbing Conscience for Others. IN article by the Rev. Lyndon S. Crawford, on "Sun-day Labor Under Government Authority," in The Inde-pendent, concludes with this statement:Š "We feel that, with no injustice to the immigrant, we can appeal to the Christian conscience of the Ameri-can people to see that the faithful employees of the United State Government should no longer be denied that which is the right of every American citizen, and the divine right of every one of God's childrenŠviz.: rest on God's rest day." Here is an appeal to the "Christian conscience of the American people," in behalf of a certain class of the American people, to secure for the latter "rest on God's rest day." What ought the American people to do in the matter? Rest on God's rest day is a command of God, and every command of God is binding upon the conscience. The employes in question are therefore, in conscience  bound to heed the command of God and take "rest on God's rest day," without regard to consequences. Should the appeal to conscience, in this matter, there-fore, not be made to them, rather than to "the Ameri-can people" to be conscience for them? CanŁany goodŠcan anything but harmŠcome from the attempt of one set of people to be conscience for another? We do not want people to be forced to work when they need rest, or when they are in duty bound to rest (though it is to be noted there is no divine command for Sunday rest); but we would not have them think they are gaining what they need, by allowing other peo-ple to be conscience for them. No moral question can ever be settled in such a way; and the recipients of such fancied moral aid will only be left worse off, morally, than they were before. THERE exists in the economy of nature an indissolu-ble union between duty and advantage. The smiles of heaven can never be expected on a nation that disre-gards the eternal rules of right.ŠGeorge Washivgton. Not a Duty of Congress. The Examiner, a leading Baptist organ, in looking forward to the coming session of Congress, is impressed with the idea that "One of the first duties of Congress, when it reassembles, is to provide an adequate number of chaplains for our increased army in the Philippines." As the army in the Philippines is kept there not for spiritual ends, but to end all armed resistance to Amer-ican authority, it is proper to inquire what interest Con-gress can have in the question of the adequate supply of chaplains. What Congress wants of the army in the Philippines is that it shall fight well, and thus thoroughly and speed-ily overcome the "insurrection." Unless the chaplains Ł will render the soldiers more efficient as fighters, of what use can they be in the line of that which alone the soldiers have been sent to the islands to do? It is proper of course to feel an interest in the spirit-ual welfare of soldiers, as of other classes of men, and to provide for them those who will labor for their spirit-ual benefit. But this is not a matter that can come into the concern of CongressŠa body appointed to represent the people merely in a civil capacity. If chaplains are to be sent to the Philippines, let them be sent and maintained by the respective churches. THE words that governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed are sacred words, full of life-giving energy. Not simply national independence was here proclaimed, but also the primal rights of all mankind.ŠCharles Sumner. 