THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 109 positive command of God ? If so, can we be cer-tain that the precise day is destitute of a moral element, and is not the essence of the institution ? Did not God give a reason for the precise day as well as for the institution ? Would not the significance of the institution be lost without desig-nation of the precise day ? If the decree of Constantine in A. D. 321, while yet a pagan Roman emperor, changing the observance of the weekly rest from the seventh day of the week to "the venerable day of the sun," was not "thinking to change times and laws," will you be so kind as to tell what is ? " Its Practical Applications." GOVERNMENT, both general and local, is the making, and enforcing of certain rules or laws for the protection and control of a collection of per-sons. The theory on which our own Government has thus far been carried on is, that no man when chosen to any office is asked what his religious faith is; whether he is a believer or an unbe-liever, a Jew or a Gentile. All that is required of him is that he shall be an American citizen and possess ability to perform the functions of his of-fice. That every man is responsible to God alone for what he believes, is also a part of this same doctrine. And from these have come the positive declaration that no laws shall ever be made that will in the least degree affect the conscience of a single individual under them. In the practical application of this doctrine thus far it has worked well. But some there are who seem to think differently, and are seeking to change its principles and carry into effect in its fullest sense a religious Government. They claim that their theory is sound, and its application de-sirable. It is affirmed that this country was set-tled by Christians and is a Christian nation; and therefore it is no more than reasonable that its laws should support, and the Government be ad-ministered in the interests of, the Christian relig-ion The mild claim is advanced that the name of God, and of Christ, as the ruler of nations, should be inserted in our Constitution to indicate the Christian features of our Government. And is this all? How innocent it looks! Let us see. In the Christian ;Statesman of February 28,1874, under the heading of " Our Movement Practical," the editor of that paper said:Š " No objection to the religious Amendment move-ment is more common than that it seeks a reform on paper only; the amendment of a parchment while the corrupt current of the national life is left to flow on unchanged. This is not the concep-tion of its friends. In the mind of all the promoters of the work, . . it is an intensely practical movement. Its aim is to arouse and unite the Christian people of the Nation, using the term Christian in its widest sense, for the reformation of the Government on religious principles." Practical, means capable of being turned to use or account. Intensely, means to an extreme degree. As this movement is designed to reform the Government on religious principles, it is de-signed by the movers in it to press it to the farth-est degree in the use and interest of what they may be pleased to call the Christian religion. The same writer further said " But the religious amendment of the Constitu-tion is not, in itself, the end we seek. It is but a means to an end; and that end is the arousing and combining of the Christian people of America in a compact and enthusiastic, determined movement to carry out the religious idea of government in all of its practical applications." This is a frank confession of their purposes. And had the leaders in this work more fully de-fined what they understand to be all the results, or the practical applications of religious ideas and principles in Government, then we should better know for what to look in the success of this move-ment. As it is, we are left to such ambiguous words as these : "A banner under which the friends of Christian government may be rallied to victory." "To govern this commonwealth in accordance with the law of God." "The organ-ization of Christian men for political purposes," etc. What is meant by "victory" and "political purposes" is not quite so clear to the casual ob-server. We will therefore endeavor to gain a better knowledge of some of the practical results of their theory by the history of those who have tried it. "The People's Historyof North America," p. 244, in giving an account of the early New England Colonies (1631), says :Š " When the restoration of plenty, by the arrival of supplies from England, and the abatement of the severity of winter, permitted the colonists to resume their assemblies for the transaction of busi-ness, their very first proceedings demonstrated that a great majority of them were,, considerably leav-ened with a spirit of intolerance, and were deter-mined in their practical administration to ex-emplify a thorough intermixture and mutual dependence of Church and State. A law was passed, enacting that none should hereafter be admitted freemen, or be entitled to any share in the Govern-ment, or be capable of being chosen magistrates, or even of serving as jurymen, but such as had been or should hereafter be received into the church as members. This law at once divested every person who did not hold the prevailing opin-ions, not only on the great points of doctrine, but with respect to the discipline of the church and the ceremonies of worship, of all the privileges of a citizen. An uncontrolled power of approving or rejecting the claims of those who applied for ad-mission into communion with the church, being vested in the ministers and leading men of each congregation, the most valuable civil rights were made to depend on their decisions with respect to qualifications purely ecclesiastical. Even at a later period, when the colonists were compelled, by the remonstrances of Charles the Second, to make some alterations of this law, they altered it only in appear-ance, and enacted that every candidate for the privilege of a freeman, should produce a certifi-cate from some minister of the established church that they were persons of, orthodox principles, and of honest life and conversationŠa certificate which they who did not belong to the established church necessarily solicited with great disadvantage. The consequence of such a law was to elevate the clergy to a very high degree of influence and authority." Here can be seen in all their glory some of the practical applications of religious principles in government. Dissenters and unbelievers were disfranchised, and the clergy clothed with su-preme power. All the civil rights and privileges of good, law-abiding citizens were placed in the hands of the ministers, to be granted or denied ac-cording to their own interest or caprice. Some were exiled, as in the case of Roger Williams and some Quakers. The natural result of such law would be to fill the church with insincere members, cov-ering their inward motives with the outward pro-fession of piety. That this is not an imaginary result will be seen by the following extract from Gibbon's " Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire," chap. 28. During his orthodox reign, Theodo-sius enacted the most oppressive laws against the pagans and in favor of the Catholic Church. A fine of $5,000 was imposed (the Blair bill only imposes $1,000) on all who dared disobey, and  favoring those who would yield. And as the re-sult, "the churches were filled with the increas-ing multitude of these unworthy proselytes, who had conformed, from temporal motives, to the reigning religion; and whilst they devoutly imi-tated the postures, and recited the prayers, of the faithful, they satisfied their conscience by the si-lent and sincere invocation of the gods of antiq-uity." The National Reformers have intimated that if they can but secure the desired amendment to our National Constitution, they are "determined" to press to the extreme degree the principles of re-ligious Government. The practical application of those principles will assuredly bring the following results, and even far more: (1) The most valu-able civil rights and blessings of all citizens will be in the uncontrolled power of the clergy. In the name of reason we ask, What difference between that and the Papacy in the height of its power ? (2) All unbelievers and nonconformists will be disfranchised, and many exiled. And (3) unprincipled and unwashed aspirants and politi-cal demagogues will flock to the eager, open arms of the church, that they may reap the influence of power and the spoils of office. Alas for the church when she is wedded to the civil power ! for then she will become the hold of every foul spirit, and a cage of every unclean and hateful bird. "Give us in the National Constitution, the simple acknowledgment of the law of God as the supreme law of nations, and all the results indi-cated in this note will ultimately be secured." ŠChristian Statesman, 1875. And we are fully persuaded that it will be so, and much more too than is here indicated. E. R. JONES. Why the Constitution Is As It Is. THE second argument advanced by the advo-cates of constitutional amendment as stated, viz., that the omission to recognize God and Jesus Christ in the Constitution by express declaration, originally, was influenced by a spirit of infidelity then prevailing, I think must be denied. It is perhaps true that at the period of the adoption of the Constitution there was greater tendency toward infidelity than now. But it must appear manifest, after the most casual review of our co-lonial history, that there were other and very dif-ferent reasons which were influential with the wise founders of our Constitution than the influ-ence of infidelity, or any prevailing tendency toward irreligion. There can be no better refutation of the claim that the omission stated was influenced by infi-delity or irreligion, than the statement of the his-torical truth that the people of the American colonies were essentially a Christian people, so much so that it would seem impossible that they should have agreed to and ratified a National Constitution from which had been purposely omitted any recognition of God or religion, and such omission had been demanded or influenced by a prevailing spirit of infidelity. The real cause of the omission is not difficult to discover. The history of the colonies is full of controversy in matters of religion, and of persecu-tion between the different religious sects. The Puritans of New England, who had come to these shores singing their praises and thanksgivings for their deliverance from religious persecution, be-came themselves persecutors and intolerant. Re-ligious tests were established in the Colonies, and men were proscribed by the colonial laws, both in 