350 THE ANIER.ICA.N SENTINEL. the movement, that it is purely it church affair, and that although when the law is passed the State will be the nominal enforcer of it, the church will be the real power behind it. In other words, the State will be the cat's paw for the church ; yet we doubt not that if Dr.. Everts were asked directly if the &nifty movement is religious in its nature, he would say no. It is strange how this Sunday-law craze leads pdople virtually to deny any connection between the church and religion. But the point which we wish particularly to notice is the idea that the Sunday law is designed simply to protect the people's right to rest and to worship. We can scarcely imagine how such an argument as this should deceive anybody, for anyone can see that the object is entirely differ-ent. Granting that it is everybody's right to rest on Sunday, suppose there are some who do not wish to avail themselves of that right, what will the State do in that case under a rigid Sun-day law?ŠIt will say, You must do so. In other words, it will declare that nobody has a right to choose his own day for rest and worship, and so instead of preserving rights, it will deprive people of their rights. As a matter of fact, everybody has a right to be protected in resting on Sunday, provided he wishes to do so. If a movement were set on foot to deprive people of their right to rest on Sunday it would find no more vigorous opposer than the AMERICAN SENTINEL; but who ever heard of any such a movement being started? Who ever heard of such-a thing as an attempt to secure a law for-bidding people to rest on Sunday?ŠNo one. The fact is that under our present Constitution everybody has that right, and everybody who wishes to avail himself of it is protected in it. There is no necessity for a Sunday law in order to protect people in their right to worship on Sunday. This plea for a Sunday law, on the ground that it is necessary to protect people in their right to Sunday rest, is equivalent to saying that those who wish to rest cannot do so unless everybody else does. Suppose I get tired and want to take a holiday, making a trip into the country. Everybody will say that I have a right to do so if I can afford it; but I demur. I raise a great ado and say that the State has to protect me in that right. Our Sunday-law friends would tell me that the State does protect me in that right; that if anyone should attempt forcibly to restrain me from pur-suing my journey, the State would punish him; but I say, No, I am not protected in my right to take a holiday trip to the country, unless the State shall compel everybody else to go with me. While I am going to the country there are scores of people who would go about their business as usual, and I ask that they be compelled to take a holiday too, in order that I may be protected in my right to recreation Anyone can see the nonsense of this, and yet this very argument is used in behalf of Sunday laws. The idea that one person cannot rest because someone else happens to be working, was never heard of until necessity compelled the movers for a national Sunday law to invent it. It is not the language of reason, but of bigotry; it is the language of those who wish to compel everybody to do as they do. " That a law compelling all to rest is not neces-sary in order to protect all in their right tO rest is shown by the fact that people keep the seventh day, concerning which no civil law has ever been  made, and they feel that, they have a right to. do this. We know of several instances where a very few observers of the seventh day live alone in the midst of a very large city, surrounded by thousands who pay no regard whatever to" that day; and yet this few feel that they have a right to observe the seventh day if they wish to, and they do so, and find no difficulty whatever. They do not ask for a law compelling other people to rest on that day in order that they may be protected in their right. Yet they surely have the same right to be protected in their observ-ance of the seventh day as others have in their observance of the first. If not, we would like to know why not. Those-who admit that they have a right to be protected in their seventh-day rest thereby relinquish all claims for a national Sun-day law; and those who will not admit that they have the right, thereby admit that they desire class legislation which will favor some but which will work injustice to others who are equally de-serving. We would like to have our friends think seriously of this matter and state whether they believe that the only persons in this country who have any rights are those who observe Sunday. E. J. W. Enforced Sunday Observance Š Who Are Its Allies? IN the Bulletin of August 27 we attempted to show the,inconsistency of the Chicago Daily News in its attempt to bring into Chicago enforced Sun-day observance over the deceptive issueof closing the Sunday saloons. Since the writing of that article, the utterances of the Daily News have been more pronounced than before, and the charge then made abundantly proven to be just. In the Morning News of September 9, under the leading editorial, "Sunday Observance," we find these significant words: "And this suggests the point, which has doubtless occurred to many of our readers, that a wide-open saloon is only one of many forms of violation of the divine command, `Remember the Sabbath-day, to keep it holy.' Open barber shops, open grocery stores, and other open places of traffic, are infractions of this com-mand, only less mischievous than the open sa-loon." In the News of September 23, in the lead-ing editorial, "Some Progress," we find these words: "For .nearly two months the  Morning News has devoted an unusual amount of its space to an endeavor to bring about Sunday observance in Chicago. . . . The fight has been car-ried on because the Morning News believes in Sunday observance. It believes in it, not only from a religious and moral standpoint, but also from an economic and hygienic point of view." And how does it work to bring about Sunday observ-ance ?ŠBy appeals to the civil authorities. We deny the right of any civil ruler to enforce the -fourth commandment,- or to enforce Sunday ob-servance, from a religious, or any other standpoint. God says to this self-appointed guardian of the Almighty, "Vengeance belongeth unto me, I will recompense, saith the Lord." Heb. 10 : 30. The News quotes Cardinal Gibbons, and many Catholics, to show that the Church of Rome favors Sunday closing. letter commending the course4X the News; from "Fides," of St. Charles, Illinois, whicli'abpeared in,the,News of September 21, we read-:- No No man with a' knowledge of the teaching and.. doctrine of the Catholic Church could be so inconsistent as to accnK,lter of fAilure in the slijhtest degree to enforce the most exact  and religious -observance-of Sunday." 'This is too true ever to be Contradicted. The question, is whether the country is ready for such enforced religious observance of the fourth commandment as shall please the Daily News and the Catholic Church. The fight is not for temperance; it is not against the'saloon ; it is not for prohibition. News of September 17, editorial, "One War at a "It may be even admitted that in a cer-tain sense the fight is not specifically against the saloon, but against unlawful Sunday toil and traffic of every sort. Nevertheless, the fight on hand now is against the Sunday saloon, open in violation of an express law of the State. When we have won this fight, we will reform the lines, plant the standard on the ground thus gained, and press the attack on other specific intances of Sunday violation. But just now, 'one war at a time, gentlemen, if you please.' "Š Workers' Bulle-tin, Des Moines, _Iowa. Ł The-Civil Law Did It. Wuui the Roman Catholics are charged as being responsible for the terrible persecutions during the twelve hundred and sixty years of papal rule, they very meekly seek to excuse themselves from all blame by saying," The civil law did it." And now when the Sunday-law advocates get their ideas embodied in the civil laws of our country, and should sore persecution be the result, as it certainly will, will not these same professed Christian people seek to clear their blood-stained skirts by saying, as the mother church said, "The civil law did it"? A. W. SANBORN. THREE menŠsay a Christian, an infidel, and aJewŠought to be able to carry on a government for their common benefit, and yet leave the religious doctrines and worship of each unaffected thereby, otherwise than by fairly and impartially protecting each, and aiding each in his searches after truth. If they are sensible and fair men they will so carry on their government, and carry it on successfully and for the benefit of. all. If they are not sensible and fair men, they will be apt to quarrel about religion, and, in the end, have a bad government and bad religion, if they do not destroy both. Surely they could well and safely carry on any other business as that of banking, without involving their religious opin-ions, or any acts of religious worship. Govern-ment is an organization for a particular purpose:  It is not almighty, and we are not to look to it for everything. The great bulk of human affairs and human interests is left by any free govern-ment to individual enterprise and individual ac-tion. Religion is eminently one ofthese interests, lying outside the true and legitimate province of government.-=-Supreme Court of Ohio. • Ł  4. THE defeat of Governer Foraker, In Ohio, is charged, not so much to the saloon influence as to the Sunday-law issue, and the belief that he favored a crusade against all sorts Of activity on Sunday, even to the stopping of the delivery of milk on that day. Assuming this to be a correct statement; it is proof that the extremist often defeats himself. ,Radical suasion in the -interest of good morals is not objected to by the people, but the attempt to legislate radicalism on the 'Sundlinestion-into:the ',People, oftener than not suers defeat.ŠSacramento Record-Union,. 