528 AMERICAN SENTINEL. in dazzling brightness above the horizon. With the six-teenth century came the invention of printing,Šfor books were all simply written before this,Šwhich in .itself was sufficient to create a great upheaval in the world. Then, too, the Old World was rubbing her eyes in astonish-ment, as it were, at the discovery of the New. "In fact, from now on;" added Professor Carman, "we may consider that we are 'fairly launched upon the sea of modern history.'" MRS. L. D. AVERY-STIITTLE. A Snake in the Grass. "My country 'tis of thee, Sweet land of liberty, Of thee I sing. I love thy rocks and rills, Thy woods and templed hills, My heart with rapture thrills, Like that above." Tom BROWN was singing "America" at the top of his voice, as he hoed away in the garden, and was thinking a great deal more about his country than of the pota-toes. He paused after he finished the last verse not only to wipe the sweat off his brow, but something from his eyes. He looked around Rose Farm, then away off to the Alleghany Mountains. He could hear the splash of the river amid the rustle of trees and the pipe of the robin. The blue sky floated a white ship of cloud here . and there, and peeping through the trees he could see the old farm house. "Hurrah for America," shouted Tom. "Hurrah for Rose Wood Farm," and "snakes," yelled the boy as he gave a jump, and brought his hoe down on a long snake that was trailing through the field. "Whew,"said Tom, excitedly, "There are some things that have got to be killed, even in the land of the free and the home of the brave." Tom walked slowly to the house, thinking. "'Spose its the saloons and the things that are crawling around in the dark and under foot as it were, to poison the folks and to take away liberty like they used to in the Dark Ages. Grandpa says there's a going to be a time like there was long ago. I wonder Š" Tom stopped to listen. It was grandpa humming some old Methodist hymn. Tom caught the words, "I'm but a stranger here, heaven is my home. Earth is but dark and drear, heaven is my home." "Grandpa," said Tom, "what makes you sing, earth is but dark and drear. It doesn't seem dark and drear to me. And as for heaven, who wants anything better than to-day? Hurrah for 'my country 'tis of thee."' Grandpa took out his spectacles to look at Tom. He laughed as Tom threw the hoe on the ground and turned three or four hands springs to work off his supdr-fluous energy. "Well, my )boy," said grandpa, slowly wiping his spectacles to clear them of two kinds of tears. "I bless  the Lord for the earth. It belongs to him, though as the poet says, 'the trail of the serpent is over us all.' But it's only the preparatory school after all. Like old Abraham, I'm a looking for a better country, for a city that hath foundations whose builder and maker is God. But la, child, I can remember that I once felt jest as you do. I think when folks are young and full of health and spirits, that they sorter mix a good deal of heaven into the earth anyway. They feel as if they was going to live forever or as long as Methuselah did anyhow, and that life holds only good. They don't know anything yet of the cold treacherous world; but the time '11 come, my lad, when earth won't seem so bright, and when you'll long for something better." "Now tell me about it," said Tom. "You say you used to feel as I do, and then you found out your good feelings were all a delusion. What made you, grandpa?" "Well, Tom. What was it you used to be singing so much last winter about things not bein' always what they seemed?" "I know," said Tom, beginning to sing, "Things are seldom what they seem, Skim milk masquerades as cream, Highlows pass for patent leathers, Jackdaws strut in peacock's feathers." "That's it, Tom. It's the insincerity of things that sicken the heart, and take the colors of beauty from the earth, and make one sing, 'earth is but dark and drear, heaven is my home.' rhe world as a world is good enough, provided one has health, hope, and love within. There are good people in it, too. But Oh, Tom, there are snakes. The trail of the serpent is over us all. But there is a world from which the serpent was cast out for-ever, and He who is to bruise the serpent, has told us to look up, where He is preparing mansions for us, and that presently He'll come and take us to Himself." "And does this world just seem to you like a stopping place, grandpa?" "Yes, Tom; my citizenship is yonder. You know Tom, when an ambassador is sent here from a foreign country to stay a few years in the interest of his coun-try, he don't build him a fine mansion, take out citizen papers here, and forget that his business is simply the business of a representative of another country. That's the way it is with the Christian. He's here to represent the divine government for a season; but he expects to be called home." "But grandpa, they are going to kill out all the snakes. I heard them talking it all over at the Christian Citizenship League the other evening. When we young folks grow up, we are going to vote down all the saŁ loons, all the evils, all the oppression, and really make America over. We are going to make folks do right, and then this world will be almost as good as heaven. Mr. Allen said that then we might expect that Christ would reign on the earth, and that the will of God would be done on earth as it is in heaven." "0 Tom, Tom, how true it is that eternal vigilance is 