NOV] BER 14, 1895. A.mEi1EticAN-  355 and City of Chicago, all of whom are barbers, in order to form a more perfect union, establish justice, pro-vide the common defense and protection, promote the general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty and right of property to ourselves, as guaranteed by Section 1, of Amendment XIV., of the Constitution of the United States, and Secs. 1 and 2 of Art. 2, of the Constitution of the State of Illinois, do ordain and establish the constitution for the Barbers' Mutual Protective Association of Chicago. At the last meeting of the association a Seventh-day Adventist barber got up and ad-dressed the people, relating the effect the "law" had upon his work. He observed the seventh day; the statutes sought to compel him to keep the first also. " Under these circumstances," he said to his listeners, "how can a man be expected to earn an honest living ? What right, I ask, has the law' of Illinois to take the bread out of the mouths of my family ? What right has the legislature to dictate religion to me ? By whose author-ity does the law-maker make religion and define a man's duty to his God ? By what delegated power does the man who is sent down to Springfield to protect rights and prevent robberyŠby what authority, I ask, does he deprive us of our living, break up our business, and trample our private rights under his feet ?" He closed Isis remarks amid great applause. Several hundred dollars were then raised in membership, donations and dues, and the as-sociation started out on its crusade against religious laws and Sandayism. An interesting time is expected on all hands, and one of the most important legal contests since the Lin-coln-Douglass controversy seems to be in store for the people of the State of Illinois. Chicago, I. PROMISES OF LIBERTY. THE Apostle Peter speaks of certain ones going about in the world vaunting their own wisdom and promising the people liberty if they will be guided thereby, yet being them-selves " the servants of corruption." 2 Peter 2 : 19. Under such leadership no real liberty can be attained. We are to beware of such men and of their pronhises. Any person who is a servant of corruption,Ša man of sinful habits and life, Šis not in a position to lead his followers to liberty. Sin never tends toward liberty, but always in the opposite direction. It tends directly and always toward the enslavement of the soul, the mind, and the body. It is the direct cause of all the slavery that has ever existed. Many a captive of sin has posed in this world as a leader to bring people into greater liberty, deceiving himself as well as those whom he induced to follow him. The captive of sin can lead only where sin leads; and while seeming at times to approximate to the desired state of freedom, never attains to lib-erty that is real and permanent. His vision of liberty is an ignis fatuus. Sin is so de-ceitful in its nature that the human mind is incapable of discerning the end to which it leads. We should beware of men who go about to-day speaking vaunting words with which they promise liberty to us if we will be their fol-lowers.. We are cautioned by the Word of Omniscience to "believe not every spirit," but first to try them, whether they be of God. 1 John 4: 1. If their lives and their words be not in harmony with the Word of God, we may safely turn aside from their leadership, however alluring the word picture which they may be able to paint before us. " To the law  and to the testimony; if they speak not ac-cording to this word, it is because there is no light in them." Isa. 8: 20. If we would have the liberty that we desire, Šliberty that is real and lasting,Šwe must follow the lead of righteousness. " Where the Spirit of God is, there is liberty " (2 Cor. 3: 17), and that liberty is ours when we have that Spirit with ns and are following its lead. And this is only saying in other words that we are walking in the way of liberty when we have the Word of God in our hearts, and our lives are ordered thereby. " I will walk at liberty, for I seek thy precepts." Whatever liberty it is that we desire, so that it be liberty and not license, we can find no shorter path thereto than the path of those divine precepts which constitute " the perfect law of liberty." James 1: 25. BE IT IT REMEMBERED. BY W. H. FALCONER. Canada, WM. BURR, Compt., Province of Manitoba, against Town of Gladstone. HENRY WHITEHOUSE, Defndt. BE IT REMEMBERED, That on the twenty-first day of October, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and ninety-five, at the Town of Glad-stone, in the said Province of Manitoba, one Hen] y Whitehouse, of the Town of Gladstone, in the said Province of Manitoba, is convicted before the under-signed, one of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Town of Gladstone, for that he the said Henry Whitehouse did pursue his ordinary calling and occupation on Sunday, namely, was picking pota-toes on that day on the farm of George Aleock, con-trary to a by-law of the Town of Gladstone in that behalf made and provided; and I adjudge the said Henry Whitehouse for his said offense to forfeit and pay the sum of ten dollars to be paid and applied ac-cording to law; and also to pay the said complainant the sum of three dollars and fifty cents for his costs in this behalf ; and if the said several sums be not paid forthwith, I adjudge the said Henry Whitehouse to be imprisoned in the Common Gaol of the Central Judicial District at Portage La Prarie, and there to be kept at hard labor for the space of twenty days, unless the said sums and the costs and charges of conveying the said Henry Whitehouse to the said Common Gaol shall be sooner paid. Given under my hand and seal the day and year first mentioned, at Gladstone, in the Province afore- said. J. L. LOGIE, J. P. (Seal.) Yes, be it remembered that in the town of Gladstone, Province of Manitoba, not in Tur-key, or Spain, or even in heathen China, but in enlightened Manitoba, in the year 1895, not in the Dark Ages, not during the Spanish Inquisition, but in the age of greatest light and progress, and with an open Bible in the hands of every person, with the warning his-tory of the dark past before us; here and at this time, an honest, God-fearing man is sentenced to fine or imprisonment for doing honest work on a day he does not regard as sacred. Be it remembered that this same Henry Whitehouse had observed the previous day to the Lord in obedience to His divine command, which says: " The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God: in it thou shalt not do any work," and imitating our Lord's example, had gone forth to work on the first day of the week. The work was not a noisy, disturbing kind of labor, but quietly picking up potatoes. Be it also remembered that other men in this same town who do not observe the sev-enth day, do work on Sunday, and no com-plaint is made. It is well known that work is carried on in the grist mill, cleaning boilers, etc., but this is decided to be necessary, and why, forsooth ? Oh, because the owner would not realize quite as many dollars and cents if this work were done some other day. Let it be also remembered and come into mind, that the " law" under which this man  was convicted does not specify Sunday, or the first day of the week, but simply says, " Whereas it is desirable that a proper ob-servance of the sabbath be enforced in this corporation, the Town Council of Gladstone enact as follows: 1. No person shall pursue on the sabbath his usual vocation in the town of Gladstone, excepting clergymen, doctors, and others engaged in the works of necessity and mercy" (such as cleaning boilers in the mills, etc.) There are other clauses of this law, but in none of them is the day called anything but the sabbath day. It will also be well to remember that it was in view of this fact that Mr. Whitehouse pleaded " not guilty." He maintained that God himself had said, in living words of which every jot and tittle shall stand as long as heaven and earth exist, that " the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord." And as he had rested on that day, he was not guilty of pur-suing his usual vocation on the Sabbath day. The conviction is for pursuing his ordinary calling and occupation on Sunday, which is not the Sabbath, hence the conviction is un-just and wrong. The men who are engaged in this work of bigotry and persecution should recall the words of the scripture which says: " Who art thou that judgest another man's servant ? to his own master he standeth or falleth. Yea, he shall be holden up: for God is able to make him stand." Rom. 14 : 4. Be it remembered too, that Her Majesty Queen Victoria issued a proclamation in 1858, in which she said:Š Firmly relying ourselves on the truth of Christian-ity, and acknowledging with gratitude the solace of religion, we disclaim alike the right and the desire to impose our convictions on any of our subjects. We declare it to be our royal will and pleasure that none be in anywise favored, none molested nor disquieted, by reason of their religious faith or observance, but that all shall alike enjoy the equal and impartial pro-tection of the law; and we do strictly charge and en-join all those who may be in authority under us, that they abstain from all interference with the religious belief or worship of any of our subjects, under pain of our highest displeasure. How then can one of Her Majesty's justices of the peace disobey this command of Her Majesty ? Does he wish to incur Her Maj-esty's highest displeasure ? Well, why should he fear her displeasure, seeing that he mani-fests no fear of God's displeasure, in that he disobeys God's plain Sabbath law, and en-deavors to enforce a rival sabbath law upon those who honor and revere the law of Je-hovah ? These are some of the things to be remem-bered by these authors of persecution; and we can warn them that this work they are doing will not be forgotten by Him who keeps a faithful record of every thought, word, and act of men. There is kept a book of remem-brance in which all the wrongs and injustices done God's people are written. There is a day coming, and that not far away, when great Babylon will come in re-membrance before God to give unto her the cup of the wine of the fierceness of his wrath. When God will have remembered her iniquit-ies and will say, " Reward her even as she rewarded you, and double unto her double according to her works;" " and in her was found the blood of prophets and of saints." But now we entreat these men to cease their work, and learn in the school of Christ a lesson of meekness and love which will pre-pare them for the judgments so soon to be revealed; and to all we say, " Come out of her, my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive not of her plagues." See Rev. 16: 19; 18:4-8, 24. And once more be it remembered that "the dragon [Satan] was wroth with the woman 