We are constantly improving our foods, and adding to our list as the result of experimental researches conducted in the Sanitarium Laboratory of Hygiene and our Experimental Kitchen. For the latest descriptive circular and price list, address, SANITARIUM HEALTH FOOD CO., RATTLE CREEK, 'RICH. For more than sixteen years the Battle Creek Sanitarian has maintained a Health Food Depart-ment, at first for the benefit of its patients and pa-trons, later, and for more than a dozen years, with increased facilities, to supply the general public. Oatmeal Biscuit, Rye Wafers, Medium Oatmeal Crackers, Fruit Crackers, Carbon Crackers, Plain Oatmeal Crackers, No. I Graham Crackers, Avenola, No. 2 Graham Crackers, Granola, Plain Graham Crackers (Dyspeptic), Wheat Granola, White Crackers, Whole Wheat Wafers, Gluten Biscuit, No.1, Gluten Wafers, Gluten Biscuit, No. 2, Infants' Food. THE BATTLE CREEK SANITARIUM 'HEALTH FOODS. Our goods are shipped to every part of the worldŠto Australia, New Zealand, India, Persia, and other foreign countries, as well as to all parts of the United States; and in every instance they have demon-steated their wonderful keeping properties. The following are a few of the hundreds of testimonials received ft )m persons who have for years made use of our foods. CONNECTICUT. We have used your Health Foods " in our family for three years, and can not get along without them. Having been troubled with dys-pepsia and chronic inflammation of the stomach, I find that your Gran-ola, Avenola, Wheatena, and Gluten are the only foods that I can eat with safety. Wm. M. MERWIN. OHIO. Our baby is a testimonial to Sanitarium food. She is ten months old, weighs twenty-eight pounds, and is as ruddy and healthy a specimen as can be seen. She has actually gained flesh while cutting her last two teeth. Her flesh it firm and sound, and she is very strong. MINNESOTA. We have twins, and the little fellows are thriving nicely. The infant food agrees with them perfectly, and I have recommended it to many who are bringing up babies " by hand." D. W. MoCounr. MARCH 23, 1893. A.TVE.1b..11EtIlCA.N Slbf,'Nfir' ENE:L.10 95 and oppression. Appearances are some-times deceptive; for we can only judge of them by their external contact with our interests. Concerning the fervor of the Russian Greek, Dr. Talmage says :Š I have traveled in many lands, but I tell you plainly, as I told Emperor Alexander III. in the palace at Peterhoff, that I had never been so im-pressed with the fidelity to their religion of any people as by what I had seen in Russia, and es-pecially among her public men. I said respectfully to a Russian,when I saw him cross himself: "What do,  you do that for?" "Oh," he said, "when I do that I always say, ' God have mercy on me !' " By the same logic, Mohammedanism, Catholicism, and Hinduism might be made commendable to some of the rev-erend doctors of a popular Protestant church. In making out a list of thin character, diabolism, by right, should stand at the head. I am here only speak-ing of the merits of these various systems of belief and practice as judged by the fervor of their devotees. The only proper standard by which to judge of the merits of any system of reli-gion, professedly Christian, is by the Bible; and the only scale of godliness by which its membership can be properly judged is that of the life and character of our Lord Jesus Christ, the great Exemplar of his people for all time. No amount of human tweedling, though it may influence the judgment of man, can give a shadow of variation to the impartial judgment of God. Russia, to-day, furnishes an excellent example of what a union of Church and State will do. Those who dare dissent, even covertly, from the national religion, do so at the imminent risk of imprison-ment or banishment. And this condition of things would be much worse than it is were it not for the benign light of reli-gious liberty shedding its bright rays from the star spangled banner of our own fair land for a hundred years upon the Old World. But will not the hope of the oppressed millions of the Orient fail within them when they see religious freedom assassi-nated here in the very capital of our country ? The votaries of Catholicized Protestantism have obtained control of our, Government, and in the near future they will use it to enforce their will upon all our citizens who can be coerced by fines, imprisonments, and threatened death. And our danger has lain most in the fact that the people generally would not believe that these things were coming. They could not see, and many will not now believe, that if it is possible for Con-gress, at the beck of the Church, to legis-late upon one religious question, they can also legislate upon any other religious question under the sun if they will. And precedents indicate that they will when the Church bids them do it. A. SMITH. ATTRACTIVE TRUTHS IN LESSON AND STORY. A series of outline; lessons with illustrative stories and Scripture verses for the use of those who are inexlierienced in teaching the young. It is suitable for use in childrens' meetings and for home teaching Cloth, $1.25. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, 12th & Castro Streets, 43 Bond Street, 4.4nbalqP, 041.0 NEW Yong. SMITH'S DICTIONARY of the BIBLE. EDITED BY WM. SMITH, L.L. D. COMPRISING ITS ANTIQUITIES, BIOGRAPHY, GEOGRAPHY, AND NATURAL HISTORY. Price, $2.00. This work contains every name in the Bible respecting which anything can be said; over 500 engravings, and is a complete guide to the pro- nunciation and signification of scriptural names; the solu-tion of difficulties of inter- pretation, authority and har- mony; also a history and de-scription of Biblical customs, manners, events, places, persons, animals, plants, minerals, etc., and comprises a most complete encyclopedia of Biblical information. Address all Orders to PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, 12TH RA CASTRO STS., 43 BOND ST., OAKLAND, CAL. NEW YORK. The Munson Typewriter A Chicago Product. Latest and Best. SPEEDŠWonderful. TOUCHŠLight and Elastic. WEIGHTŠWithout Case I I Pounds 12 oz. KEYSŠThirty, with Ninety Characters. KEYBOARDŠUniversal, Easily Learned. ALIGNMENTŠPerfect and Permanent. TYPE WHEELŠSteel and Interchangeable. LANGUAGESŠSeven. Complete Dictionary OF SYNONYMS AND ANTONYMS. BY RIGHT REV. SAMUEL FALLOWS, A. M., D. D. With an appendix, embracing a dictionary of Briticisms, Americanisms, colloquial phrases, etc., in current use; the grammatical uses of prepositions and prepositions discrim. mated; a list of homonyms and homophonous words; a collec-tion of foreign phrases, and a complete list of abbreviations and contractions used in writing and printing. 512 pages, cloth, $1.00. SACRED CHRONOLOGY. BY SYLVESTER BLISS. This work treats of the Elements of Chronology, the different systems, and the various eras, and gives the chronology of the principal events recorded in sacred history from the creation, till the death of St. John. It also contains a vindication of the numbers of the Hebrew Scriptures. As an aid to investigation it is invaluable. The book has been thoroughly revised, and an entire chapter added, on the PEOPLING OF THE EARTH. This chapter is an exposition of the tenth chapter of Genesis, and gives an outline of the beginning of history and THE ORIGIN OF NATIONS. No student of history can well be without this book. 300 pages, cloth binding, with side stamp, $1.00. Address all Orders to PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, 12TH & CASTRO STS., I 43 BOND ST., OAKLAND, CAL. NEW YORK. I have had a Munson typewriter in constant use for over a year. and consider it in many respects, the best typewriter in the market. It is small, light and compact. It is as handsome as a watch, and looks more like an ornament than a thing of use. The Munson will do anything that any other will do, and as quickly and well, if not quicker and better. J. A. WALonoN, Frank Leslie's Illustrated Newspaper, New York City. After a year's use of the Munson typewriter, I heartily pronounce it as being unexcelled by any Machine in the market. In the direction of clearness and beauty of type, and alignment, it is without a rival. L. J. LIVELY, Manager, D. Appleton & Co., Chicago. The Munson is certainly the equal of any machine for speed and general efficiency as an office machineLand when it comes to traveling there is nothing like it. DR. E. J. WAGGONER, London, England. I like the Munson machine very much. It is doing me good service, and I can recommend it to all who want a typewriter. O. A. OLSEN, Pres. S. D. A. Gen. Conf., Battle Creek, Mich. I would not exchange my Munson typewriter for any typewriter on the market. L. C. CHADWICK, Pres. I. T. & M. Soc., Bridgtown, Barbadoes. Address, The Munson Typewriter Co, Or, A. F. Ballenger, Special Agent, 162 La Salle St., CHICAGO, ILL. 28 College Place, CHICAGO, ILL. 