518 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. than the dictates of law. They can not do both; and just to the extent that Sabbath observance is dictated by law it fails to be dictated by conscience. We are opposed to Sabbath legislation not because we want people to be robbed of their manhood, but because we want them to have manhood enough to do right from the love of right, to act from principle rather than from policy. The more a person leans on the law to help him do right the more will he fail to develop moral backbone. We oppose Sabbath legislation, in short, because compulsion is opposed to freedom in the service of God; because it is opposed to natural rights; because it usurps the place of conscience and weakens moral independence; because it is against the rights both of man and of God, to whom all forced service is abomination; because, in a word, it is againgt the highest welfare of man and contrary to the ordi- nances of God. s. i4  THE ARMIES OF THE CROSS." A LOUISVILLE dispatch of the i6th inst. reports Bishop H. C. Morrison as saying on the occasion of laying a church corner-stone on the previous day : "I thank God that Allen and Lambeth, over there [in China], and the Methodists in this country, are responsible for the present trouble in China. With bowed head I thank God that in some small way I am to blame for the unrest in China today. I thank God that each and every one of you and all the Meth: odists in the country are to blame. It is the itiner-ary of Methodism." The bishop continued, saying in substance that it was that pushing spirit, that outstretching for the beyond, that had sent the Methodist missionaries into the far East. He blessed God that the present unrest, as he termed it, had come about. It was just a foreshad-owing of the time soon approaching when China "would be cut from end to end by the armies of the cross, carrying the gospel to the heathen." If the- unrest in China were due mainly, or even largely to the preaching of the gospel, then indeed might not only Bishop Morrison but all Christians thank God for a part in it. But if we are to believe the almost if not wholly universal testimony of the missionaries themselves, the present unrest is due to two causes, neither one of which is any credit to 'the Christian name. In the first place the present "unrest" in China is  due to the unchristian,  aggression of so-called "Chris-tian nations." The Chinese have seen their principal ports seized by the "Christian" Powers until they have not re-maining for their own use a single fortified harbor in which to rendezvous their navy. They have seen' the carrying trade on all their rivers monopolized by Europeans, reducing thou-sands of junk owners and native boatmen to extreme poverty. They have seen their burying-grounds ruthlessly violated by railroad gangs, and even by English golf players. (See "Vandalism in China," page 523.) They have seen homes destroyed and families re-duced to starvation in order that foreign Capitalists might add to their millions, and that steam might hasten the diVision of Chinese territory among the "Christian" nations. They have seen their own native manufacturers and traders driven out of business by foreign com-petition, the very thing that all civilized nations en-deavor to prevent by prohibitory and tariff laws. Any one of these'things forced upon this country by foreign Powers and submitted to by a weak ad-ministration at Washington, would produce a state of affairs here almost if not wholly as bad as that which has existed in China for the past two months, and for which Bishop Morrison thanks God ! Turning to'the religious phase of the situation, we find that the Roman Catholic missionaries had se-cured governmental recognition entitling them to rank as mandarins, and that in some cases at least they had abused their power, using it in a manner that would not be tolerated for a moment in any civilized- country. As before intimated, there is nothing in all this that is calculated to be in any way helpful to the spread of Christianity in China, but rather the contrary. For when the Chinese shall be at last subdued, as will doubtless be the case, when they shall at last be com-pelled to admit foreigners into every part of the em-pire, and give free rein to the missionaries, will not the minds of the people be so embittered against the very name of Christianity that they will be much less ready to hear the gospel than they have been in the past ? We have surely fallen upon evil times when minis-ters of religion glory in the crimes that are corn-' witted under the guise of Christian civilization. B. 