218 sIENrrixvir, Vol.. 10, No. '28. injunction which says, " Be subject unto the higher powers;" for " the powers that be are ordained of God." The ex-congressman seems to have forgotten, or never to have understood that God has ordained no human power to rule over conscience. Nor did it occur to him that to adopt his view of the scripture in ques-tion would be to make conscience entirely a creature of civil law, and would justify the condemnation and execution of every martyr from Stephen to the present time. For, with but few exceptions, all these have died as violators of the civil law. Had nobody ever disobeyed laws that were in conflict with con-science, the Reformation could never have taken place. Luther would never have left the Catholic Church; Wesley would never have preached contrary to the Established Church; and John Bunyan would never have insisted on preaching the gospel contrary to the orders of the civil magistrate. The early Baptists and Quakers of New England and the' Baptists of Virginia suffered fines, imprisonments, whippings, banishment - and death for violation of the civil law. And the degree of religious liberty which we enjoy to-day is due to the fact that they dared to disobey unjust laws; and that they continued to disobey such laws until the things that they suffered brought their fellow-men to recognize the fact that there was such a thing as the rights of conscience. It is a matter of surprise that intelligent men are found to-day who will endeavor to maintain the position that it is a Christian duty to surrender conscience to Civil laws. If every man who sees the injustice, yea, the abominable iniquity of such statutes as the so-called Sunday law of Tennessee, would act upon his honest conviction and treat the stat-ute as void in practice, as it is in fact, it would speedily be wiped from the statute books. But as long as men recognize the binding force of such statutes and obey them, so long they will continue to be used as instruments of oppression and injustice. We have not the slightest doubt of the integrity of Judge Parks and we have nothing but the kindest feeling toward him, and only respect for him. But we cannot agree that under the American system of government any man is under obligations to do a moral wrong. And it cer-tainly is morally wrong to imprison honest men for honest work which disturbs no one. The fact that it is the State instead of an in-dividual that does the wrong does not make it any less a wrong. A despotism of the many over the few is not less intolerable than the despotisin of one over many. It is as iniquit-ous-for the majority to violate and trample upon the fundamental law of the State as is done in these Adventist prosecutions, as it would be for a single individual to defy and to override a just law. The judge says that it is the duty of the court to sustain and enforce the law, and yet the very judgment he passed against the Adventists was in flagrant violation of -the Bill of Rights quoted in the outset of this article, as his honor well knows, and as ex-Congressman Snodgrass admitted in open  court when speaking for the attorney general. Can it be possible that in an American State, under the American system of government, it is the duty of an officer to override what his conscience tells him is the just rights of his fellowmen ? We don't believe that it is. Ł -4. Ł JUDGE PARKS' DECISION. Dayton, Tenn., July 3, 1895. "IN pronouncing judgment in these cases I have little to add to what was said in similar cases at the last term. My views, as then ex-pressed, have not changed. " I will take occasion, however, to express again my sincere personal regret, that a neces-sity-exists for inflicting punishment upon these people, for it must be patent even to the most casual observer that they are good citizens, who are . thoroughly conscientious in the course they have taken. They are not sab-bath-breakers in the ordinary sense of that term. The original intention of the law was certainly not to punish such people. It was directed at that class of persons who, out of sheer wickedness, and want of decent respect for things sacred, violated that day which by the concurrent 'belief of the Christian world in general had come to be recognized as the sabbath. " But the Supreme Court of our State, in passing upon cases of this kind, involving the constitutional rights of those who believe in keeping the seventh instead of the first day of -the week, has seen fit to make no exceptions in their favor; on the other hand, it has di-rectly and pointedly held that this belief is no bar to a prosecution for a violation of a Sun-day law. In addition to this, the last session of the General Assembly, with full knowledge of the fact that these people were being pros-ecuted under the Sunday law, refused to give them any relief by exempting them as has been done in many States. This fact is a source of regret to a large and respectable element of Christian people who adhere strictly to Sunday as the sabbath, but who believe that one of the corner-stones of Christianity itself is free-dom in -matters of conscience. On the other hand, there is a considerable element of con-servative Christian people who, while they would not engage in anything that savored of religious persecution, fear the result of breaking over any of the time-honored bar-riers which have, for hundreds of years, pro-tected the day that their traditions and reli-gion have taught them to regard as the sab-bath. They take the view that if these people are permitted to carry on the common avoca-tions of life on Sunday, it would be only one step further to the point where any one day would cease to be recognized as the Sabbath, and that we would have no Sabbath at all, ex-cept such as each individual might choose for himself. Which of these conflicting views is right is very properly a question with which the courts acting within their proper limits, can have nothing to do. " Without attempting a discussion of this grave question, which, as they conceive, in- volves to a very great extent the religious freedom of these people, it only remains for the court to perform its sworn duty by enforcing the law. " At the last term in several cases of this kind nominal fines were imposed. As these cases were the first persecution of the kind in this court the fines were suspended, leaving only the costs to be paid. In addition to this, upon recommendation of the court, executive clemency was extended to the defendants who, upon their refusal to pay the costs, had been incarcerated in jail. I am glad to note, in passing, that the recommendation for pardon in their cases was, as I am informed, heartily approved of by the governor under the pecul-iar circumstances. I have no cause for regret in showing the defendants such leniency. Every dictate of justice and mercy demanded it. While it was not expected that the de-fendants would surrender their belief after their prosecutions, yet it was hoped by many good people that no further occasion would be presented for the time being for further pros-ecutions. " It appears, however, that even during the last term of the court while the persecutions were pending, some of the defendants did not seem to recognize the majesty of the law, but continued to work openly on Sunday. It also appears that the practice has been kept up. These facts bring us face to face with the question whether the law can be violated with impunity or not, and whether any number of people can be permitted to defy it on the ground that they think it unjust. The issue is squarely made. As a court there can be no question as to our duty. The law must be enforcedŠwith mercyŠbut it must be en-forced. No man can regret the necessity in these cases more than myself. I am sure that this sentiment is shared by a large element of the people. But there can be no division on the question as to whether the law should be upheld. A court failing to do this but in-vites contempt for all law." The court then imposed fines in the several cases, as followsŠgraded according to the mag-nitude of the offense, previous conviction, and other circumstances considered:Š H. C. Leach, $7.50. J. M. Hall, $7.50. W. S. Burchard, $8.50. Columbus B. Moyers, $5.00. Byrd Terry, $5.00. W. J. Kerr, $8.50. Dwight Plumb, $12.50. - Monroe Morgan, $7.50. Allen Cathy (2 cases), $15.00. CANADIAN CORRESPONDENCE. Darrell, Ont., July 3, 1895. THE case against Robert Watt, a Seventh-day Adventist, of Selton, Ont., for breaking the Lord's Day Act, was disposed of in the justice court to-day. The crown attorney, after nearly four weeks' consideration, in-structed the court to dismiss the case. This decision was made on the grounds that the " Lord's Day Act" does not comprehend the 