OCTOEEE 10, 1g08. A,M 1R1 tcAN s2 the Puritan was left free to exercise his own prerogative, he would avoid it as he would an intolerant monster from whose clutches he had just escaped. How is it that with the Bible and the lessons of the past before him, he did not learn the lesson of religious toleration, and take hold of the idea of Christian liberty which the New Testament teaches ? Why is it that their administration under the protector-ate after all their bitter experience and sufferings, seemed so nearly to justify the criticism of Macaulay, who says of them, " They were as intolerant and meddling as ever Laud had been." They interdicted under heavy penalties the use of the Book of Common Prayer, not only in churches, but in private houses. It was crime, in a child, to read by the bedside of a sick parent one of those beautiful collects which had soothed the griefs of forty gen-erations of Christians. Clergymen of re-spectable character were not only ejected from their benefices by thousands, but were frequently exposed to the outrages of a fanatical rabble. " One of the first res-olutions of the Barebones Parliament was that no one should be admitted to the public service till the House should be satisfied of his real godliness." And after all there seems to be some occasion for the sneer of this brilliant historian that " the Puritans hated bear baiting, not because it gave pain to the bear, but because it gave pleasure to the spectators." (To be continued.) Dangerous Antagonisms. A LATE incident in St. Paul, Minn., where a public speaker was denied an opportunity of delivering addresses, previ-ously contracted for, because the purpose, Šas stated by the city clerk in the docu-ment ref using the use of the hall, which was city property, was,Š" to wantonly attack the character of institutions sa-credly cherished by a large number of the taxpayers of this community." The ad-dresses were anti-Catholic in character and were claimed to be under the patron-age of the American Protective Associa-tion. The city clerk of St. Paul is re-ported to have told the advance agent of the lecturer that " The Irish Nationalists and the Ancient Order of Hibernians had met on Friday and Saturday and had de-cided that they would not allow such a meeting to be held, if they were obliged to use force." There does not exist at the present time a greater menace to civil rights and public peace in this country than these organizations here named,Šand their kindred,Šorganized, and in some cases drilled and armed, with the avowed purpose of antagonizing each other on lines of religious prejudice, bigotry, and fanaticism. When some shocking out-break, or a concerted series of them, shall occur,Šor a condition of religious terror-ism be instituted,Šthen the citizens of the United States at large will awake to a realization of the dangerous and destruc-tive character of the forces which have been gathering and organizing unperceived for years. There is no reason why they should have been unknown to the people and to the public. Their methods and their purposes, though confessedly secret, have not been so closely concealed as not to have been patent to any interested ob-server. The only reason why these or-ganizations have grown to their present proportions,Šthe only reason that can be  given why public opinion has not, by the fiat of its powerful displeasure, long ago done away with them, is because they answer to an innate intolerance and furi-ous fanatical desire which still reigns in the hearts of such a majority of American citizens, and which makes these desperate and revolutionary methods,Šsure to be the result of the friction of such antago-nistic organizations,Šseem to them even desirable. There is no distinction to be made in these associations, they are all equally a menace to civil order,Šthey are all equally unchristian. It matters not that one calls itself Protestant and the other Catholic, they are all impelled and directed by the same evil spirit of violence. They both appeal to the sword and they both will perish by the sword,Šwhile innocent fel-low-citizens, non-combatants though they may be, will suffer with them, W. H. M. Church and State. POINT is given to the current discussion of the relation of Church and State in the efforts now being made in this country to bring them into essential union through sectarian appropriations by individual States of the Federal Government. These efforts are in direct violation of the genius of our institutions and the theory of our Government, which is that Church and State shall be separate, the one advancing the spiritual and the other the secular in-terests of the people, and each having its own revenues. Under the Constitution, no religious test as a qualification for official position or public trust is required, and the passage by Congress of any law abridging the freedom of speech or of the press is expressly prohibited. These pro-visions are tantamount to a declaration of the separation of Church and State, a con-dition further emphasized by the first amendment to the Constitution, which prohibits Congress from making any law respecting an establishment of religion or forbidding the free exercise thereof. It is unfortunate that the principle thus enunciated has not been given complete and definite expression in the constitutions of all the States. Many of them provide no adequate safeguard against the viola-tion of religious freedom, and impose no express prohibition against the making of ectarian appropriations. Legislation in-volving such appropriations, and through them the violation of religious freedom, is being constantly introduced into State legislatures, many of which can and do grant them by a mere majority vote of the assembly. Such legislation is a clear violation of the letter and spirit of the Constitution,and constitutes a serious men-ace to American institutions in that it not only stimulates sectarian greed, but intro-duces the Church into politics, to the grave peril of both Church and State. Its whole, tendency is to degrade religion by involving its forces in an unseemly struggle for spoils, and to deprive ques-tions which affect the rights and privileges of the people of proper consideration by bringing sectarian animosities and con-troversies into their discussion. Absolute separation of Church and State alone se-cures the religious freedom which is the right of all men, as well as the highest civil liberty. It is the divine order of re-lation, and assures the citizen complete liberty of choice in his religious and politi-cal faiths.ŠN. Y. Observer, A Wonderful Scheme. SPEAKING of the Sunday Rest CongreSSi  the Examiner (Baptist) says :Š There are widely divergent views even among devout Christians with regard to the " metes and bounds" of Sunday observance, and especially re-specting the admissible and desirable degree of gov-ernmental restriction of freedom of action. One of our own most devout and conservative religious teachers has suggested that perhaps all that Chris-tians can properly ask of the civil power is protec-tion in their Lord's day worship. Others, and *e think wisely, insist that all men should be protected in what we believe to be their "divine right" to a weekly rest day, on the broad ground of the gen-eral welfare. There is much diversity of view, also, among individual Christians as to how best to observe Sunday in order to derive the largekt phys-ical, mental, and spiritual benefit from the rat-Clay. No one man or body of men can be presumed to have attained to the whole truth concerning this great of estion in all its bearings. What may be a very simple matter, so far as one's own personal conduct is concerned, becomes a difficult and com-plex question when large masses of men must be considered. The problem grows more serious as population increases, and especially in the great cities. No one can say dogmatically what is the best thing to be done. Perhaps a satisfactory solu-tion will never be reached. Yet a thorough dis-cussion, from different points of view, of this great, broad, perplexing Sunday question, in all its varied aspects, as proposed in the programme of the Chi-cago Congn ss, may be expected to throw new light on the subject. Light, indeed, is sorely needed. The present out-look is not encouraging. Our Sunday laws are crude, conflicting, often designedly favorable to those who most need restraint for the good of their fellow-men, and, such as they are, are rarely en-forced. Public opinion is too generally acquiescent in the open violation of the laws and the flagrant refusal of the authorities to punish the law-break-ers. If the congress does no more than awaken fresh interest in the subject by the light shed upon it, the object of its assembling will not be wholly lost. But we hope it will do more than that. This is indeed a most peculiar question. Nobody knows how the day ought to be observed, and yet the majority are of the opinion that the State ought to make and enforce laws to secure its proper observ-ance! "Light, indeed, is sorely needed." But notwithstanding the general fog that exists on this subject, the Examiner hopes that the congress will do more than sim-ply awaken fresh interest in the subject; that is, our contemporary hopes that such an impetus wiil be given to Sunday legis-lation that the State will step in and settle the vexed question of how Sunday ought to be kept by compelling all to observe it alike. Wonderful scheme, truly ! C. P. B. The Russian Stundists. THEIR enemies themselves admit that a Stundist family is a model of peace and unity. The children display the greatest love to their parents, and such a thing as a parent punishing a child is almost un-known. The virtue of extreme cleanliness is energetically inculcated among them, and the prevailing filth and disorder of the Russian hut is nowhere seen among the Stundists. It has been often remarked by Russian writers on the subject that a Stundist's first desire is to learn to read and write, his second to teach his children Štheir great object being to study the New Testament. A Stundist never will-ingly sends his children to the village school; they would there hear their pa-rents scoffed at and maligned, they would be taught to venerate everything con-nected with the corrupt Russian Church, and to worship icons. In the vicinity of the German colonies many Stundists may be found who have a fair knowledge of German, and who read German religious books. The vast ma- 