AMERICAN SENTINEL. 567 tion of God as Ruler of nations and Source of righteous law."ŠThe Argus, May 7. The next day the Assembly passed the following mo-tion:Š "That in view of the coming general elections, minis-ters be instructed to press upon the people the iinuerative duty of supporting only such candidates as will vote for Scripture instruction in the State schools, and such as promise to maintain the recognition of God in the Constitution of theproposed Commonwealth."ŠThe Age, May 7. And the moderator of the same Assembly, in the course of an address delivered at a meeting of the Presbyterian Elders' Association, held in Melbourne, May 5.Š "Reviewed the history and the special influence of the Presbyterian church, and stated that its present great duty was to see that modern democracy was not an un-christian and godless democracy."ŠThe Age, May 6. The South Australian Anglican Synod is likewise bent on doing the same thing, as the following will show:-- "At the meeting of the Anglican Synod to-day, the standing committee was instructed to take any steps nec-essary to secure the recognition of divine providence and the belief therein as the best foundation of the nation's well-being in the proposed Federal Constitution before its final adoption."ŠThe Argus, May 7. And the Sydney Council of Churches has passed the following resolution:Š "It is hereby resolved that a petition be prepared and presented to Parliament (to be signed by the chair-man on behalf of the Council), urging the insertion of the said clause before the Constitution is adopted by the legislature of this colony."ŠAdelaide Daily Telegraph, April 80. These are sufficient to show the plans that are being laid, and the steps that are being taken, to unite religion and the State in Australia. 1 10- -1104 Enforcing the Sunday Law. "Bible Echo." Melbourne, Aus., July 19, 1897. THIS week we have additional evidence that the Coun-cil of Churches is a religio-political organization whose chief aim is to unite Church and State and enforce reli- gious dogmas, chiefly the Sunday institution, on the people by law. The follo wing is from the Sydney Morning Herald, of July 5:Š "As a result of the recent deputation from the Council of Churches to the colonial secretary, the inspector-gen-eral of police (Mr. Fosbery) forwarded instructions to heads of the police in the eastern suburbs that the sab-bath observance law must be strictly obeyed by all shop-keepers. Yesterday the police were very busy all the morning in notifying the various shopkeepers of the fact. The instructions to the police are that the law is to be rigidly enforced." Here is proof of what the church leaders are after in  their vociferous clamors for what they are pleased to call a "recognition of God in the Constitution." They simply want a constitutional basis for enforcing religious ob-servances on the people by law. They want laws to force upon men the observance of a day which God has never commanded them to observe. This is what they mean by recognizing and honoring God. Let those who fear God and desire to keep His law, have nothing to do with this movement. It is not Chris-tian. Christ forces no one to serve him, neither has he commanded men to keep Sunday in opposition to the law of God, which commands them to keep holy the seventh day. Christ kept the Father's law and taught others to keep it, and the true followers of Christ will do the same. Papal Infallibility. "Herald and Presbyter,' August 11. A ROMISH priest preached on this subject a few sab-baths ago. His method of proof was as follows:Š "The church cannot err in proclaiming doctrines. There can be no new dogmas of any kind whatsoever. The doctrines taught are those given to the church by Christ himself. `Go therefore, teach ye all nations, teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you; and, behold, I am with you, all days, even to the consummation of the world." Matt. 28: 19, 20. "Here we have our Lord giving to his apostles the power given to him from on high. In delegating that power he strengthens it by telling them that he is with them for all time. So there is no danger that they will fail. They will be infallible because God is there with them to help them to accomplish their duty. There-fore, infallibility is a gift of God to St. Peter and his suc-cessors." Christ's address quoted from Matthew was not to Peter, but to the eleven disciples (see verse 16) As it was physically impossible that the eleven should teach all nations, the command was evidently given, not to them only as individuals, but to all who should believe on him through their word. John 17:20. What he com-manded them he inspired the evangelists to record. The infallibility is in the Scriptures, which were written for our instruction. But if it was in the apostles, as this man claims, what right has he to take ten from eleven, leaving one as the only infallible apostle, with authority to transmit his exclusive prerogative to a long line of successors, some of whom were notoriously wicked ? No wonder that Rome withholds the Scriptures from the people. If they could read that twenty-eighth chapter of Matthew for themselves, they would see that Christ has no idea of giving Peter any exclusive position or author-ity. If Peter was to be his vicegerent, if the other ten and all the rest of the "five hundred" were to look up to Peter as their sole and infallible leader, that was the time for our Lord to say so, and to emphasize the duty of obedience to the head of the church. 