JULY 5, 1894.. AIDICCIEIELI[CAJN SIHINTINMEA. 211 some who appeared to be pastors were inflamed against each other with mutual strifes, only accumulating quarrels and threats, rivalry, hostility, and hatred to each other, only anxious to assert the gov-ernment as a kind of sovereignty for themselves. The scripture was indeed fulfilled. There had come a falling away; there was a self-exaltation of the bishopric; and THE TIME WAS COME WHEN THE MAN OF SIN, THE PAPACY, SHOULD BE REVEALED. Sunday in Canada. THE General Assembly of the Presby-terian Church in Canada, at its meeting at St. John, N. B., on onday evening, June 18, adopted the following, relative to Sunday, to which Presbyterians uniformly, but erroneously, apply the title, Sabbath :- 1. That every presbytery hold a conference on the subject of Sabbath observance during the year, and that presbyteries arrange to have the claims and obli-gations of the Sabbath brought prominently before the congregations within their bounds, and, also as far as possible, before the non-church going population. 2. That the ministers and members of our church exercise scrupulous carefulness with regard to the observance of the Lord's day, and seek by word and example to maintain the sanctity of the day. 3. That the assembly express its general approval of the bill for the better observance of the Lord's day, recently before Parliament, and records its apprecia-tions of the efforts of the promoters of this scheme, Mr. John Charlton and others, and deeply regrets the action of the Senate in throwing it out, after it had passed the House of Commons, and moreover the as-sembly strongly protests against that action. In speaking on the subject, Dr. Arm-strong said the Sunday newspaper, which began in the United States at the time of the war, was a greater evil than the war itself. The papers now were large sheets containing large masses of scandalous 'stories which were unfit for family read-ing. They were such that we would wish to lift them from our houses on a fork. Dr. Armstrong moved that the report be received. Rev. Mr. McKellar felt that the assem-bly should take particular notice of the treatment given the Sunday bill by the Senate. It was not right that the assem-bly should say that it deprecated this pro-cedure, but it should raise its voice against it. It was too bad that such a body should be allowed to throw out a bill that pro-vided for Sabbath observance. A stronger expression should be used in the recom-mendation in the report in reference to the bill's usage by the Senate. He moved that the assembly raise its voice against the action of the Senate in throwing out the Sunday bill and would even go further to say that that body should be abolished altogether. It would be a step toward liberty, and no body would wel-come the abolishing of the Senate more than the Presbyterians of Canada. He also moved that the feelings of the assem-bly on the subject be forwarded to the Senate. Rev. E. Nichols moved, That presbyteries be recommended to appoint depu-tations to wait upon members of Parliament and par-liamentary candidates within their bounds, with a view to securing their support for legislation providing for the better observance of the Lord's day. Rev. Mr. McKellar said he believed it was the sentiment of this country that the sooner the Senate was done away with the better. Any body that would throw out such a bill was not worthy of existence. The Senate meant to allow our children to grow up in that way that they would desecrate the Sabbath law. The people of to-day were afraid to speak their minds  for fear of giving offense, but we must speak for our liberty. Mr. Nichol said he was told that we were on the eve of an election, and he was also told that nearly every member in Ontario had pledged himself to prohibi-tion. They could probably be induced to support the Sabbath bill. Rev. Mr. Monroe was afraid that it would be a great battle to save our Sab-bath, and he felt the people must vigor-ously get into the work. Mr. Nichol's resolution was carried, and the report was adopted as a whole. Dr. Campbell said Montreal was greatly affected with the Sunday newspapers, managed by a class of men who called themselves free thinkers. The papers were put under the very noses of Christian people, and gave much offense. In refus-ing to pass the bill the Senate had made a great political offense, which was for them worse than a crime. Mr. Walter Paul, of Montreal, agreed with what Dr. Campbell had said. Dr. Thornburn, of Ottawa, thought Sunday funerals were most objectionable features. They interfered with the Sun-day schools, and he believed they should be done away with. The Sabbath was not as well observed as it was ten or twenty years ago, and they were going down hill. Why Not? THE Evangelist-has the following para-graphs which are suggestive:Š The Independent notes that the Southern Assembly has given one of its committees a task of no small dif-ficulty. It all grows out of the case of Miss Sadie Means. She was an active Christian, who, in seeking employment, finally found it in the telephone ex-change, at Columbia, S. C., where she was obliged to work, or at least to be in attendance, for two or three hours on Sunday. The session of her church took notice of thei'matter, and finding her unwilling to give up the situation, she being obliged to earn her living, asked her to withdraw from the church. This she refused to do, and thereupon the session expelled her, by a majority vote. The case was taken to the Pres-bytery, and the action of the church or session was sustained. Then she appealed to the Synod, where, after a protracted discussion, the decision was re-versed. And now the church has just had the case before the Assembly, where the decision of the Synod was reaffirmed, thus fully restoring the young lady to her place in the church. Lest the cause of Sabbath observance should suffer by this decision of the mat-ter, an able committee has been constituted to report on the whole subject. Our contemporary says:Š The Committee on the Sabbath had reported a healthier sentiment on Sabbath observance, though there was little gain in the way of Sunday traveling or baseball. It had discussed what is necessary Sun-day work, and had admitted that if hotels and street cars are a Sunday necessity, then a Christian may be employed by them and Work on Sunday, taking remu-neration therefor, and that some might argue that tele-phone and telegraph companies aro equally a neces-sity. The committee struck out these references to certain possibly necessary work and appointed a com-mittee of seven whose business it shall be to report to the next Assembly stating just exactly what work is necessary on the Sabbath and may be engaged in. Really this is a serious task, and is putting the Assem-bly into very difficult legislative work. We had sup-posed that about all that we can do is to lay down the general principle of Sabbath observance and leave the application of it to the individual conscience enlight-ened by the Spirit of God. It will be a very curious thing for the committee to report that the mail may or may not be carried on Sunday, that a milk cart may or may not travel, or that .a church member may telegraph the news of sickness or death, but cannot be a telegraph clerk. Shall we have, as the old Rabbin-ists gave us, a law how far one can walk to church on the Sabbath; or shall we be told that one may drive a span of horses on the Holy Day but not drive tandem ? The question suggested by this is, Why not ? The Southern Presbyterian Church, in common with most other Protestant denominations, demands that the State shall do this very thing, namely, specify  certain things that may not be done on Sunday ; and shall the church be less ex-plicit in the rules that are to govern its members than is the State with its citi-zens ? Another incongruity is that in this matter the State is more strict than is the Presbyterian Church. The work that Miss Means does in Columbia on Sunday is under the law of South Carolina illegal, and she might be arrested and fined $1.00 and costs every time she is found engaging in it. It is safe to say too that if she were a Seventh-day Adventist she would be so arrested and fined, and every Pres-byterian preacher in the State would protest loudly against any modification of the statute, denounce " Sabbath-break-ing" as anarchy, and demand the enforce-ment of the law. Somehow or other there is still a good deal of inconsistency in the world notwithstanding the blazing light of the Nineteenth century. The Evangelist's note contains however much good sense. Such a code of rules as is contemplated would be entirely out of place in the church and is equally out of place in the State. But we doubt if either the Evangelist or the Southern Presbyte-rians see it in this light. Religious Persecution in Maryland. MAY 20, Elder S. B. Horton, a Seventh-day Adventist minister, at present located at Church Hill, Md., where he has been laboring for some months, and where a small church of that faith has been raised up, received the following notice, which we give verbatim et literatim :Š Church Hill, Md, We the undersigned company of citizens of Co. Q. A, [meaning Queen Anne County] do hearby notifie you Mr. Horton wife and the young man that you have there as .a spye to move out by the 21st of June 1894 (that is tomorrow) with your goods and chattels and not to return for we have put up with you as long we intend. As you are causing our heretofore law abideing citizens to be brought before the Justice of the peace for violation, to serve a term in Jail or the house of correction, whereas their families will have to suffer :the wants of support. All due respect to you as man but none of your docterine. We are a determined set. CITIZENS OF VACINITY. (Cross-bones and. bloodstains.) Writing to a brother minister concern-ing this notice, Elder Horton says:Š I have been preaching the gospel of Jesus Christ. I have treated all men with consideration, and have been recognized as a citizen, having been called upon to pay town taxes, and have not interfered with the civil or religious rights of men. They charge me with stirring up the people and teaching them anarchy, when, as a matter of fact, I have endeavored only to hold forth the word of life which is the Holy Scrip-tures. For this they are seeking my destruction. Some of our church company have been arrested for working on Sunday ostensibly, but in reality because they are keeping the Sabbath of Almighty God. It is well known that others work on Sunday without pro-test. But " Satan has come down with great wrath, knowing that he hath but a short time," and the poor misguided opponents of the truth are being deluded into fighting against God and his people. I well know that the words of the Saviour, "If ye were of the world, the world would love his own: but because ye are not of the world but I have chosen you out of the world, therefore the world hateth you," are just as true to-day as when spoken in person by the Lord. And I well know that our Master was accused of per-verting the nation, stirring up and teaching the people contrary to the established religion. But the Lord has said, "Remember the word that I said unto you, The servant is not greater than his lord, If they have persecuted me, they will also persecute you. . . . But all these things will they do for my name's sake, because they know not him that sent me. . . . These things have I spoken unto you, that in me ye might have peace. In the world ye shall have tribu-lation, but be of good cheer; I have overcome the world." And so the Lord's will be done, " for I know whom I have believed, and am persuaded that he is 