AMERICAN SENTINEL. 689 Italian; but they didnt say much until the man stopped giving them money out of the treasury. Then they sud-denly awoke to the fact that he was a miserable foreigner anyway, and they had no use for him. "When little Louis was only thirteen years old, it was decided that he was old and wise enough to take the man-agement of a mighty kingdom into his own hands " "The idea!" exclaimed Fred Green. "I'm older than that myself, and I think I'd make pretty poor work gov-erning a lot of people. Why I can't even govern myself, sometimes." "I don't think he could govern himself very well, at least he could not or did not, rather, govern his own evil and jealous temper; for the very first thing he did after he ascended the throne was to conspire against the great marshal Concini, and cause him to be assassinated." "Horrible! that was dreadful business for such a young chap, I think," said Bert Mathews. "It was, indeed. Then they took Concini's poor wife and tried her for sorcery, and she was beheaded." "I suppose then the little king thought he could have his own way, didn't he?" asked Julia March. "Yes; for his first words were: "Now I am king!' But the fellow who did the wicked deed now gave poor Louis as much trouble as the man had whom he had murdered. And as for poor, oppressed France, how she suffered ! The good work which King Henry IV. had done for the suffering poor was soon spoiled; for the rich nobles did not rest until the poor people were again wholly in their power." "I presume the poor fellows didn't get chicken for dinner very often any more," sighed Edna Phillips. "No, Edna; the young king cared for no one's com-fort except his own. The words of Solomon, that wisest of all men, were in this case proved to be very true:Š`Woe unto thee, 0 land, when thy king is a child.' "We will continue the study of France and her mourn-ful history under Louis XIII. next week; and I would like you all to learn as much and find as many facts as pos-sible about the great Cardinal Richelieu, who played a prominent part in the history of France at this time, so that if I ask you a few questions, you may be ready with the answer." MRS. L. D. AVERY-STITTTLE. A Card. To all interested in carrying the gospel of Jesus Christ to theinhabitants of other lands and who desire to assist in supporting missionaries already placed and otherk who may engage in the work, the opportunity is given to make an offering to the Foreign Mission Board of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination. Such donations should be sent to W. H. Edwards, the Treasurer of the Board, 1730 North Fifteenth Street, Philadelphia, Pa. TO OUR PATRONS 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 8. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other ir.dividual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State. either in name or in principle. ORGAN 01 TEE International Religious Liberty Assoeiation. Published Weekly by Paeifie Press Publishing Go. Single Copy, Per Year, $1.00 Six months, .50 1.4 Three .25 ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York (I Holiday Subscription Book, A POLITICAL HISTORY Of the great questions culminating in the CIVIL WAR in the -words of ABRAHAM. LINCOLN and STEPHEN A. DOUGLASS. 555 Pages. Cloth $1.75. The work is entitled "Political Debates and Speeches of Lincoln and Douglas," and contains a complete re-port of their speeches and debates. The burning words of these great orators are of absorbing inter-est both to those who have lived through the exciting scenes pictured out, and those who know them merely as history. There can be nothing better placed in the hands of the rising generation than a book presenting, in an attractive way, the principles on which this government is founded. Efforts are now being made to overthrow those principles, hence it is important that we become intelligent regarding them. The work is a great assist-ance to that end. Agents Wanted Elterymhere. Liberal Terms. rum FUSS PUBLISHING opium, 39 Bond Street, New York City. Oakland, Cal. Kansas City, Mo. 