AMERICAN SENTINEL. 169 Frederick the Great.Š"When sovereigns are deter-mined to come to a rupture, they will not hesitate con-cerning materials for a manifesto." Seeker (Archbishop of Canterbury).Š"War in all cases is accompanied with dreadful evils; of which we are apt to consider the heavy expense as if it were the only one, and forget the sufferings and miserable deaths of such multitudes of human creatures, though every one of them is a murder committed by the authors of this calamity." "Let Us Be Honest." From the "Washington Post," (Imperialist) January 14. WHY can we not be honest in our utterances touching the territories we have recently acquired? Really it would save time and trouble, to say nothing of- life and treasure, to come out frankly with the announcement that we have annexed these possessions in cold blood, and that we intend to utilize them to our profit and advantage? All this talk about benevolent assimilation; all this hypocritical pretense of anxiety for the moral, social and intellectual exaltation of the natives; all this transparent parade of responsibility and deep-seated purpose; all this deceives nobody, avails nothing, helps us not an inch in the direction of profit, dignity and honor. We all know, down in our hearts, that these islands, groups, etc., are important to us only in the ratio of their practical possibilities. We value them by the standard of their commercial usefulness, and by no other. All this gabble about civilizing and uplifting the benighted barbarians of Cuba and Luzon is mere sound and fury, signifying nothing. Foolishly or wisely, we want these newly-acquired territories, not for any mis-sionary or altruistic purposes, but for the trade, the commerce, the power, and the money there are in them. Why beat about the bush and promise and protest all sorts of things? Why not be honest?. It will pay. As a matter of fact, we are not concerned in the ethical or religious uplifting of the Filipinos. After all, the difference between a breech-clout and a starched shirt front is a mere matter of climate and personal opinion. Dishonesty, untruth, crime and general wicke d - ness are here in our midstŠpresent with us as part of our daily life and growing with our growth. We need not go to the West Indies or the Philippines in search of material for moral rescue. Our own slums abound with opportunities for missionary zeal. Why not tell the truth and sayŠwhat is the factŠthat we want Cuba, Porto Rico, Hawaii and Luzon, together with any other islands in either ocean that may hereafter ,commend themselves to our appetite, because we believe they will add to our national strength, and because we hope they will some day become purchasers at our bargain coun-ters? We might as well throw off the pious mask and indulge ourselves in a little honest candor. It will cost,  us nothing, and it may profit much. At any rate, we shall have the comfort and satisfaction of being honest with ourselves and the privilege oi looking into the  mirror without blushing. The Roman Church and Human Thought. "Springfield Republican." THE pope, says the dispatch about his birthday reception, spoke of the honors paid in Italy to Giordano Bruno,Šthe dedication of his statue in Rome being one of those honors,Šas instigated by the devil. This is so beautiful a specimen of medievalism that it is almost pity to add a word of comment. Yet the word is really necessary to call the attention of the public to the fact that the Roman Churchis dogmatically and in discipline precisely where it was in Bruno's day, 300 years ago. So much has been said about "American" Catholicism, so much about the wise concessions of Pope Leo XIII, that there is a general impression that the world is in some way changing the old church, bringing it to toler-ation of, if not to a conformity with modern advance of knowledge and practise. Now this remark of the pope to the Italian deputations that gave himtheir congrat-ulations on his 90th anniversary, shows that the only modification in the papacy is in Joachim Pecci's person-al wisdom and temperamental tact; and at the same time the case of St. George Mivart shows that there is absolutely no change in the attitude of the church toward thinkers since Bruno's day. The church to-day will not burn St. George Mivart at the stake, but the church of A. D. 1600 would have burned him, without question. So Giordano Bruno,though it would suspend from the sacraments, and no doubt eventually excom-municate him, would live his life out if he were living in this age to express his superior knowledge. It is not the Roman Church, but its circumstances, that have been so changed. It is the outside world that has made the difference.. While popes, councils, congregations, the hierarchyi  are dwelling in the same dogmatic bounds which- Bruno broke, to the inspiration and nurture of philosophy and science, the absolute acquirements of the world have gone onward and left them far behind. It is impossible for the progress of knowledge to stop of itself, and it is impossible for the church to stop it. But such slurs as even so enlightened a pope as Leo casts upon Bruno, and such disciplinary treatment as Cardinal Vaughan visits upon Mivart, unmistakably indicate that the Roman Church is what it was three centuries ago, and only the temper of the age, which it does not govern, has compelled it to change its methods. IN Adrian, Mich., the Sunday law is rigidly enforced upon all classes of traders; and even streetcar and. hack-line service is suspended. 