"equal and xact, Justice to all Men, or Whatever state or Persuasion, religious or Volitical." VOLUME 8, NEW YORK, OCTOBER 5, 1893. NUMBER 39. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. EDITOR, - - - - ALONZO T. JONES. CALVIN P. BOLLMAN. ,skssocrapr, EDITORS, WILLIAM H. MC KEE. IN the papers read at the Parliament of Religions, Sunday, September 24, occur two statements, which we wish to examine in their relation to each other. ONE of these statements was made by Rev. Geo. F. Pentecost, the evangelist; the other by Prof. Thomas O'Gorman, of the Catholic University of Washington. Dr. O'Gorman's statement, which was made in support of the declaration that " with us separation of Church and State is not separation of the State from religion," was this :Š More than once it has been decided by courts that we are a Christian people, and that Christianity is part of our unwritten law, as it is part of the com-mon law of England. DR. PENTECOST'S statement was a defini-tion of Christianity, made, however, with reference to Dr. O'Gorman's words. He said Christianity is not belief in a doctrine nor prima-rily a life work, but consists in a living union with a living Saviour. That this definition is essentially correct will appear from a few texts of scripture. Says the Saviour :Š I am the true vine, and my Father is the hus-bandman. Every branch in me that beareth not fruit he taketh away: and every branch that bear-eth fruit, he purgeth it, that it may bring forth more fruit. . . . Abide in me, and I in you. As the branch cannot bear fruit of itself, except it abide in the vine; no more can ye, except ye abide in me. I am the vine, ye are the branches. He that abideth in me, and I in him, the same bringeth forth much fruit; for without me ye can do noth-ing. If a man abide not in me, he is cast forth as a branch, and is withered ; and men gather them, and cast them into the fire, and they are burned. John 15:1-6. And, again, we have this declaration by the apostle :Š But ye are not in the flesh, but in the Spirit, if so be that the Spirit of God dwell in you. Now if any man have not the Spirit of Christ, he is none of his. And if Christ be in you, the body is dead because of sin; but the Spirit is life because of righteous-UeSS, Rom. 5;9, 10, And, again, the same inspired writer makes this declaration :Š I am crucified with Christ: nevertheless I live; yet not I, but Christ liveth in me: and the life which I now live in the flesh I live by the faith of the Son of God, who loved me, and gave himself for me. Gal. 2:20. Many other texts might be quoted to the same intent, but these are ample to show that Christianity does indeed consist "in a living union with a living Saviour." This much being settled, let us test the first proposition, namely, that " Christi-anity is part of our unwritten law, as it is part of the common law of England." IT is always proper to use the definition of a word instead of the word itself. Applying this rule in this case we have this proposition:Š More than once it has been decided by courts that we are a Christian people, and that " a living union with a living Saviour" is part of our unwritten law, as it is part of the common law of England. Who does not know that this is not true ? and that it cannot be true of any nation ? Only individuals can have " a living connection with a living Saviour ; " hence, only individuals can be Christians, for nothing short of this is Christianity. CHRISTIANITY is peculiar in its spiritual nature. No other religion resembles it in this respect. Simply mental consent to cer-tain tenets with a more or less strict ob-servance of peculiar rites, is sufficient to constitute one a Buddhist, or a pagan of any other school, or a Mohammedan, or a disciple of any other religion except Chris-tianity ; but only " a living union with a living Saviour " constitutes any one a Christian. This is the distinguishing feature of Christianity, which the apostle declares to be " the mystery which hath been hid from ages and from generations, but now is made manifest to his saints : to whom God would make known what is the riches of the glory of this mystery among the Gentiles; which is Christ in you, the hope of glory." Col. 1: 26, 27. A FAILURE to comprehend the spiritual nature of Christianity has done incalcula-ble harm in the world; and for this, pro-fessed Christians, those making a profes-sion of real Christian experience, are very largely to blame, They have both sane- tioned the application of the name of Christian to nominal adherents of nominal Christianity, and have so used the term themselves, through pride of numbers, until to the world at large a mere adher-ence to Christianity in preference to some other system of morality, is supposed to be Christianity. Hence, we hear of Christian saloon keepers, Christian slave traders, Christian rum in Africa, Christian opium in China, Christian injustice to weak or semi-civilized peoples, etc. ; and hence, too, the term, " Christian nation." To say that Christianity is part of the common law of any country is only to say that nominal Christianity has in that country the support of the civil power. But whatever may have been assumed of England, it is certainly not true, and never was of this country, that " Christianity is part of our unwritten law." Faith, hope, and charity are the crowning graces of Christianity; but are they any part of the unwritten law of this country ? And if they were how could they be enforced ? How could the civil law undertake to compel any man to have these graces ? True, he might be required, under civil penalties, to profess to have them; but profession is not possession, in spiritual things, any more than in temporal things. When a man professes possession of tem-poral things, when he does not have it, we call him a liar and a cheat. Is his claim any less fraudulent when he professes spiritual riches which he does not possess ? Certainly not; and against such the Lord has pronounced the most fearful judg-ments. And shall not those who by the civil law place a premium upon hypocrisy suffer a like righteous judgment? IT was Madison who said that politics and religion both exist in greatest purity when kept separate. But so far as the Christian religion is concerned, he might have said that it can exist at all only as it is separate from all entanglements with civil power. Being not a nominal accept-ance of a doctrine, but " a living union with a living Saviour," no union is pos-sible between any civil government and Christianity. Hence, nothing which is in any degree united to a civil govern-Inent can by any possibility be Christian. 