88 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Vol. 7, No. 11. NomE.Š Any one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked " Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE Catholic Review says: "There is but one United States, and that means there is but one spot on the face of the earth where a man can hold up his head and say, `I am allowed to practice the re-ligion I think is the right one.' Let us pray that this grand religious liberty will last forever." And that would in effect be to pray that Romanism may never be-come dominant here. AT first thought it seems strange that people reared in a land of comparative freedom should have no just appreciation of individual liberty; and yet such is cer-tainly the case. The principle is illustrated by the fact, that generally speaking, only those who labor properly appreciate the fruits of toil. The fortune carefullyh.oarded by the father, 'by whose industry and self-denial it was accumulated, is frequently squandered by the son, reared in ease and luxury. It is indeed true, as Wendell Phillips has said, " The manna of popular liberty must be gathered each day or it is rotten." THE utter lack of any proper sense of the meaning or value of the sacred rights of the individual, is well illustrated by a recent article in the Boston Traveler, by one Charles Eaton, of Memphis, Ten- nessee. In the outset of his article Mr. Eaton says :Š The supreme law of the land (Article 6, para-. graph 2, United States Constitution) is that made by the people, whether in their Federal or State organizations; or, the supreme law may be that which is expressed by the people through the press, the platform, and the pulpitŠcalled public senti-ment. This fact is stated in a variety of forms in the several State Constitutions. In Pennsylvania's Constitution of 1838 this language is used: "That the general, great, and essential principles of liberty and free government may be recognized and unal-terably established, we declare : . . . That all power is inherent in the people, and all free governments are founded on their authority, and instituted for their peace, safety, and happiness." THIS paragraph contains a great truth, and a fatal error. The truth is that "the Constitution is the supreme law of the land ; " the fallacy, that the will of the people, aside from the Constitution, is supreme; or that it ought to be supreme. That which should be supreme in civil government, and that which political Con- stitutions should guarantee, is inalienable human rights. But that Mr. Eaton does not at all appreciate these facts is evident from these propositions which he lays down in the course of his article :Š The people, the State, are sovereign in all things whatsoever, as between man and man. The people and the people alone decide where my rights end and yours begin. BUT the people have .of right no such powers as those claimed for.them by Mr. Eaton. Nothing whatever can justify the majority in meddling with the inalienable rights of the individual. John Stuart Mill never wrote a truer thing than when he said that suchŠ power itself is illegitimate. The best government has no more title to it than the worst. It is as noxious, or more noxious, when exerted in accord-ance with public opinion, than when in opposition to it. The idea that whatever the majority de-crees is right is no more true now than it was when the majority demanded the crucifixion of Christ, or when the ma-jority demanded the hanging of witches in Massachusetts, or when, as in our own day, the commune of a Russian village decrees the exiling of innocent men and women to Siberia. It is possible for ma-jority rule to be just as tyrannical and just as wicked as the rule of a single man. THE Declaration of Independence sets forth this : " That all men are created equal, that they are by their Creator en-dowed with certain unalienable rights, that among these are life, liberty, and the pur-suit of happiness. That to secure these rights governments are instituted among men." The difference between this declara-ration and the propositions laid down by Mr. Eaton, is as great as the difference between night and day. GOVERNMENTS are not instituted to de-fine rights, " to decide where my rights end and yours begin." My rights begin where yours begin, and end only where yours end; and no majority, however large, can of right make it otherwise. Governments are-instituted, not to create, but to defend rights; to guarantee to the individual the untrammeled exercise of his rights ; and when " public sentiment " for-bids this, the will of the people becomes as tyrannical as the will of a single man. And it is for this very reason that Consti-tutions are madeŠto restrict or hold in check the majority from trampling upon the rights of the minority, no less than to protect the majority against the usurpa-tions of the few, or of one. CONSTITUTIONS are usually the fruit of agitation, and are framed by men jealous for their rights. They are designed to be the conservators of the inalienable rights of the individual citizen; the citadel of de-fense alike against the usurpations of one, of the few, or of the many. Constitutions  are supposed to be, and should be stable; the will of the majority is fickle, and liable to sudden and unreasonable changes; hence, Constitutions are just as essential in popular governments like our own as in any other. AND not only are Constitutions necessary, but the people must be constantly reminded of their rights as individuals. As Wendell Phillips has so aptly said : " Some men suppose that in order to the people's gov-erning themselves, it is only necessary that the rights of men be printed, and that every citizen have a copy; as the Epicure-ans two thousand years ago imagined God a being who arranged this marvelous ma-chinery, set it going, and then sunk to sleep. Republics exist only by being con-stantly agitated. . . . Never to our latest posterity, can we do without proph-ets . . . to trouble the waters, that there may be health in their flow." Mr. Eaton's article proves the truth of these words, for it demonstrates the present need of such prophets. A CORRESPONDENT of the Examiner, writing from Jackson, Mississippi, says : Our State Legislature is now in session at the capital, and is said to be an unusually fine body of men, many of them Christians and in favor of re-form measures. The Baptists have a liberal repre-sentation in the body. How a denomination comes to have rep-resentatives in a State Legislature is not easy to see. Even in Mississippi the mem-bers of the Legislature are supposed to be chosen to represent the citizens of the dis-tricts in which they severally reside. Possibly some prove recreant to their trust and represent not the people but cer-tain religious organizations among the people. Baptists most of all should blush to confess that this is true of mem-bers of that communion. But if " many " of the members of the Legislature of Mis-sissippi are in favor of reform, they should at once sweep from the statute book of that State the religious laws which at present disfigure it. Christian men and re-formers ought to be just. However, if the statement is correct that they represent not their districts, but their churches, nothing in the line of real reform can be expected of them. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, post-paid, $1.00. In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 