108 AMERICAN SENTINEL. mitted to smoke by their trainers because, as they say, "It is bad for the wind." The argument that will ap-peal most forcibly to, your hoy is that smoking will stunt his growth. It has been proved that youthful smokers are shorter and weigh less than their comrades who do not smoke. Cigarettes are particularly injuri-ous. Nicotine, the active principle in tobacco, is said by chemists to be, next to prussic acid, the most rapidly fatal poison known. The tender tissues of a growing boy cannot absorb even a very small quantity of it without most inj urious results.ŠFebruary Ladies' Home Journal. Paving the Way for Despotism. THE _FRUIT OF THE NEW DOCTRINE OP GOVERNMENT "OUTSIDE THE CONSTITUTION." "Springfield Republican." THE Senate committee on Porto Rico goes the full measure of the unconstitutional demands of the imperi-alist policy. It not only denies that the Federal Con-stitution is binding upon Congress in tax and tariff leg-islation for this and the other island dependencies; it denies that the Constitution is binding upon Congress in any particular where the territory of the United States, outside of the States within the Union, is !con-cerned. For the majority of the committee say:Š "It is within our discretion to make the inhabitants of Porto Rico citizens of the United States or not; so it is within the power and discretion of Congress to make the inhabitants of the Philippines and other islands we may acquire citizens, or withhold that quality from them. It is also within the power of Congress to regu-late and restrict and prohibit, if thought advisable, the passing of the inhabitants of the Philippines or other islands from their country into ours, or to prevent the products of their labor from coming into unjust compe-tition with the labor of this country." The sweeping and revolutionary nature of this con-tention will best appear by referring to the constitu-tional rule of citizenship. The Fourteenth Amendment provides that "all persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States." But the committee say that persons born in Porto Rico or the Philippines, even though subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, are not citizens :and cannot be citizens until Congress chooses to confer that quality upon them. Then it follows of course that when the Constitution provides that neither slavery nor involuntary servitude "shall exist within the United States or any place sub-ject to their jurisdiction—"! it is within the power of Con-gress to establish slavery in Porto Rico or the Philip-pines or not, \just as it chooses. For if the constitu-tional law of Citizenship does not extend to all places subject to the jiiTisdiction of the United States, the con- stitutional law of slavery does not extend any further. And if the people of the islands are not or are not to become citizens of the United States, what is or will be their status? What are they? To what power do they owe allegiance? And if to the United States, does our claim to their allegiance carry with it no reciprocal ob-ligation in conferring the rights and privileges of citi-zenship? They would :seem, according to the commit-tee, to be political non-descriptsŠmere ciphers in the affairs of nations. They are political slaves and might almost as well be made industrial slaves, and it is ac-cordingly meet that the Thirteenth or Slavery Amend-ment should be abrogated along with the Citizenship Amendment. The Constitution again provides that Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof, or abridging the freedom of press or speech. But as the Constitution is not binding on Congress when the territories are con-cerned, Congress can make what religious or newspaper laws it pleases in the territories. Congress is prohibited conditionally from passing bills of attainder or ex-post facto laws; but if the Senate committee is right it can pass all such bills and laws it pleases in,the case of the territories. It can grant titles of nobility in the terri-tories. It can, in short, do anything. It is bound by no restrictions. The fundamental law of the nation is suspended when it comes to the territories, and Con-gress is so far the most absolute despot that ever ruled Šentirely without any responsibility to the subject people over which it exercises an unrepresentative sway. This is the very flower and essence of imperialism. It only remains to beasked how long the Constitution is likely to remain binding upon Congress in the case of interstate legislation after it has so lightly been tossed aside in relation to all other territory coming within the jurisdiction of the United States. A Fitting Simile. HERE is a paragraph from a report of the recent assault on Ladysmith:Š "The men on both sides are reported to have fought like demons, the,horror amid bewilderment of the scene presenting a picture without parallel in the experience of those who took part in the encounter." The expression used, "fought like demons," is a well-known one in the description of battles. It is very ap-propriate, too; but if, as we are continually assured, war is consistent with Christianity, and is even at times a part of Christianity,,why do we not sometimes hear of men "fighting like angels"? Surely this ought to be the case when two "Christian nations" engage in war. Ah, everybody knows that there is nothing angelic about war, and it is only Jesuitical casuistry that 