720' THE SENTINEL QF _ * , Lk),  , 1  n . tili \f:  Vow . hear my-warchand hplieue not ljudgelzimnorŠJeseatzstht; CHICAGO, ,NOVEMBER 15, 1900. Any one receiving The Sentinel of- Liberty without having ordered it, may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered The Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. " WASHINGTON leaders," we Łare now informed, " are preparing a most imposing celebration " for -the next presidential inaugural. "We should strive," says one member of the inaugural committee, " to excel in the glory of -that day the splendor Of the jubilee -of England's queen." These words are' suggestive, but not of repub-lican government. .g4 THE chief of the navigation bureau, admiral Crowninshield, now tells us that the United States navy must be made four times as strong as it is, in.  order to be in condition " to fight a first-class Euro-pean power; " and Senator Proctor, of the senate committee on military affairs, says that the regular army we have heretofore maintained is "absurdly small," and'that no doubt Congress will at its next session increase it 33,000 or 60,000 men, and au-thorize the President to increase it to ioo,000 if he thinks best. A CORRESPONDENT in Argentina, from whom we quote elsewhere in this issue, writes that " most of the provincial constitutions, as also the federal con-stitution, here in Argentina make definite provisions in favor of liberty of conscience, but at the same time they state that the Roman Catholic religion is the religion of the state, to be by it devoutly sus-tained and protected." You may smile at the inconsistency of this ; but is it any more so than for a North American State to assure liberty of conscience to its citizens and at the same time to require all of them to do honor,to a day it designates as the "Christian Sabbath" ? Ł : .4 .4 " OH, for a good Christian politician !"exclaiins the -Rev. Charles M. SheldOn, as quoted in a recent  sermon delivered in New. York City. "The average politiCian," Dr. Sheldon says, ".reminds me of the Pharisees, whom Christ likened to whited sepul-chers." If Dr. Sheldon will note what history has to say on the subject of "Christian politicians," we think candor will force him : to admit that such Persons' were never of any great benefit to their own of later generations, but quite the-contrary. The men who have tried to administer Christianity throtigh civil government have succeeded only in discount-ing both civil government and Chrstiianity, and this not because they were lacking in skill, but be-cause the two are fundamentally different In char-acter. Of course the official, of civil goverrRent should be an honest man ; but it takes more than Mere honesty to make an individual a Christian. 'A " SPECIAL '', SENTINEL. THE SENTINEL. OF LIBERTY of December 6 Will be a special illustrated number, containing seven or ' eight half-tone illustrations: It will, be printed on an extra fine quality of paper, and will present a very attractive —appearance. Ł The general subject' of this " special " issue will be the movement now on foot to secure the Sunday,  closing of'the Pan-American Exposition to-be held at Buffalo, beginning next May. The agitation of this question and the interest in it will be second only to that concerning the clo-sing of the Columbian Exposition in 1893. The ad-, - vocateS of enforced Sunday observance are-already,at work, and as this, matter will be settled long before ,the exposition opens, there is no time to lose. Literature treating upon the principles involved in compulsory Sunday observance should be-  scat-tered broadcast now while the minds of the ,people are directed to this subject. Though it will cost much more than usual to pro-duce this Copy 'of THE SENTINEL;We...will Supply-it at, the usual rate of one cent per copy— or $8.bo' per thousand: , We will send a'linited number at the rate of one .and a:quarter cents per copy in single wraps to lists of names furnished to us. Please write names and addresses ,very -plainly. Orders'for this 'nuthber should be sent in 'as soon Ł .as possible, so that' we shall know how .many- to print. 