304 AJOIEMIEZICAN SAMNTrIllINTR1E.4 VoL. 11, No. 38. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 24, 1896. ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. ONE of the arrests for Sunday work in this city, referred to in " News and Notes," was made on Bond Street, only half a block from the SENTINEL office. WE are informed that there were three ar-rests for Sunday labor last week at Ford's Store, Maryland. We have not learned the particulars, but hope to be able to give the facts fully next week. A LONDON dispatch of the 18th inst. states that the Pope has issued a pronouncement in which he says plainly: " After long study, I must confirm the decrees of my predecessors, that all ordinations made under the Anglican rite are absolutely invalid." " The Pope," it is added, "also entreats the Anglican clergy to return to the Catholic Church." Tnis utterance by the Pope is doubtless a bitter disappointment to the extreme Ritual-ists of the Anglican Church who have been. yearning for union with Rome on the basis of acceptance of Anglican orders. Mr. Glad-stone was the special champion of this idea, and it was largely due to his influence that the question was reviewed by Rome. THIS decision will be the more humiliating to Ritualists since they have all along claimed that they were a branch of the Catholic Church; but the Pope refuses to own them, and puts them on the same plane with Pres-byterians, Methodists, Baptists, etc. This doubtless seems to the Ritualist decidedly cruel, but they will get small sympathy from Protestants. No minister of the gospel can ever properly get beyond the utterances of God's word. There seems to be an idea in many minds that regular gospel preachingŠthe preaching of Christ crucified and raised again to lifeŠis suitable only to times when no special de-velopments in the political world are claiming public attention. When some unusual de-velopment does ariseŠas, for example, when such an issue as is presented by the present financial question is before the peopleŠit is necessary, they seem to think, to drop the preaching of the gospel of the power of God unto salvation, and preach upon the special political issue until that is settled. But the truth is that the self-same gospel which is suited to times of comparative peace and quiet, is just as well suited to the time of the greatest crisis. When God provided the gos-pel for the needs of a fallen race, he was not in the dark concerning any of the develop- ments which were to take place in the polit-ical and social spheres in any age of the world's existence. He foresaw all the issues which would arise and claim the attention of the people, and with all these special movements and developments open to his view, he gave to mankind the simple gospel of salvation through faith in the power of his word. And that gospel has been found sufficient for every moral need of mankind, through every crisis of every age. The idea that the time can ever come when the minister ought to stop preaching the gospel and preach politics, in order to meet some special exigency which has arisen, shows a very inferior conception of the poiver of God which the gospel embodies. Zion's Herald, of September 2, contains a symposium on the question of the part which should be taken by the clergy in the present political campaign. The contributors are well-known clergymen and politicians in sev-eral Eastern States. As was to be expected, the contributions reveal a wide diversity of opinion on the question, showing that neither side can claim a monopoly of personal integ-rity. No one of them was able to quote any Scripture demanding political campaign work on the part of Christians. IT is an admitted fact that the public schools of this city are shamefully inadequate for the accommodation of the children of school age. Tens of thousands of children are excluded because " there is no room." Rev. Madison C. Peters, of this city, gives it as his opinion that "the main reason why there is not enough school room for our children is be-cause too many of the enemies of the public school system are its commissioners and teach-ers." " Call the roll," said he, " and you will find that at heart many of the commis-sioners and teachers are friends of a rival system." AN individual is not a church, neither is he a State. The sole purpose of the church is to reflect to the world the light of Chris-tianity. To this end it is an organized body, endowed with the various " gifts " of the Spirit. The sole purpose of the State, on the other hand, is to afford men protection and freedom in the enjoyment of their natu-ral rights. To this end it also is organized and en-dowed with various functions. The indi-vidual may be legitimately employed in a secular trade or profession; the church would be manifestly out of place in a like position. The individual also may profess and practice the doctrines and ordinances of Christianity, but the State would be manifestly out of place in doing this. The individual may legiti-mately engage in any occupation necessary to the maintenance of his existence or the promotion of his own or others' welfare. The sphere of action of the Church or of the State is not so general. The action of both the Church and the State is individual action, since either one can act only through  the individuals composing it; but in such a case the sphere of individual action is limited to the sphere of, the organization. Organiza-tion presupposes a special purpose, upon which alone it is justified. Hence individual action which would be altogether wrong done in a representative capacity, may be perfectly proper if done without such capacity; and individual action in a representative capacity is justifiable only within the limits of that capacity as determined by the purpose of the organization. "THE powers that be are ordained of God." Rom. 13:1. But though divinely ordained, civil gov-ernment has its limitations, for "we ought to obey God rather than men." Acts 5:29. As civil government is ordained of God, and as it has its limitations, it follows that they too are divinely ordained. " Rulers are not a terror to good works, but to the evil." Rom. 13:3. When therefore rulers become a terror to good works, it is by usurpation, not by right-ful authority. " We hold these truths to be self-evident: that all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights." As civil government is ordained of God, and its limits marked by a self-evident line, it is clear that within its own sphere there can be no conflict between man's civil govern-ment and God's moral government. As legitimate, civil government adminis-tered by men, and moral government adminis-tered by God occupy different spheres, there can be no conflict between them. Therefore it follows necessarily that the ambassador of Christ is accredited not to civil government but to individuals whom he be-seeches to transfer their allegiance, not from God-ordained civil government to God, but from the government of Satan to that of God. THERE is now a general conviction that Russia has become the supporter of the Sul-tan of Turkey, against the other powers of Europe which are anxious to put a stop to the massacres of which they deem him the instigator. And Russia is a " Christian na-tion," according to facts upon which the theory of "national Christianity " is based. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Published Weekly by Pacific Press Publishing Go. ORGAN OF THE International Religious Liberty Association. PRESIDENT,  ALLEN MOON. VICE-PRESIDENT, - - A. T. JONES. SECRETARY, - A. F. BALLENGER. Single Copy, Per Year, - $1.00. ADDRESS, ATIERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York. 