3OR A.M   11-4`1:ft VOL. 8, XO. 50. Standing beside him and them we know that we are right. Here we have ever stood; and, God helping us, here we shall ever stand. THE GROWTH OF A STATE CHURCH. Insistence upon entire separation between Church and State brings us into sympathy with noble souls through all the centuries. The early Christians, as we have already seen, obeyed civil law in secular matters, but they dared to disobey when their Christian faith was in peril. Then they refused and received punishment with Christian submission and with heroic en-durance. Their persecutions arose chiefly from the ancient laws which forbade the worship of deities which the State did not recognize. The Roman Government was tolerant of various religions, when their representatives were quiescent, but when Christians became active in propagating their faith they encountered fierce civil opposition. . . . With the conversion of Constantine, we enter upon a new era in the relation be-tween Church and State. Then privileges were granted to the officers of the Church, giving them rights similar to those which had previously been enjoyed by pagan priests. The first exhibition of State churchism is thus a direct result of pagan ideas introduced into the Church. The emperor soon became known as Pontifex Maximus. Constantine did not hesitate to place the cross on one side of the coins in use, and the symbol of the sun-god on the other side. The emperors soon came to consider themselves as patrons of the Church. It is true that prom-inent bishops, such as Ambrose, Jerome, and others, vigorously denied the right of the emperors to pronounce on religious questions and duties. Thus the conflict between bishops and emperors continued, now one, and now the other, exercising the greater authority. In 494, Bishop Gelasius affirmed the superiority of the ecclesiasti-cal over the secular power; and in 502 Bishop Symmachus resisted the assump-tions of King Odoacer over the rights of ecclesiastical officers. Charlemagne conceived the idea of a universal Christian monarchy; and he con-sidered it his right to oppose or to indorse the election of even the Pope, as well as that of the bishops. His successors, how-ever, were too weak to carry into effect the ideas which he had first promulgated. From this time on the popes increased their powers at the expense of those of the em-perors. But in the ninth and tenth cen-turies the papal throne was nearly over-thrown by the immoralities of some of the popes; and, as a result, the imperial power again greatly increased. About the middle of the eleventh century Hildebrand put forth exorbitant claims for the papal see; and soon the power of the emperors in the election of popes was annulled and given to the college of cardinals. Under the name of Gregory VII., Hildebrand, in 1073, took his seat upon the papal throne, and boldly claimed that the Church was the highest power in the world, and that the secular governments owed their existence to the permission of the Church. These assumptions led to unceasing conflicts with the German Emperor, especially as the views of Gregory were maintained by Alexander-III. and Innocent III. BOT1 if ace VIII., in his famous bull, " Unam Sane-tam," held the belief that, it was necessary to salvation to believe that the Roman popes, had power over everything earthly; but he suffered severely for his extraordi- nary assumptions thus expressed. His own death, the transfer of the papal see to Avignon, and the great schism, were the direct fruits of the unholy seed which Bonif ace .had sown. One of the Avignon popes revoked this blasphemous bull, as far as concerned France, although it was afterward restored by Leo X., in 1516. When we come to the time of the Ref-ormation, we find all these principles en-tering vigorously into the grave discus-sions of the hour. Luther and Calvin, Zwingli and Melancthon, and others, condemned the claims of the Church of Rome. At times they saw the truth, but through a glass darkly; at other times they were involved in hopeless confusion, and, seemingly, in Egyptian darkness. Some of their writings show that they wished to keep the two powers separate, and that they favored the government of the Church by the Church ; but, as many reformers clung to the idea of a Christian State, whose magistrates had a right to punish heresy, there was no clear teaching re-garding separation of Church and State. I do not charge Calvin with the execution of Servetus ; but I have a right to rebuke him for not exercising the power which he possessed to prevent that execution. State churchism came finally to be estab-lished in the Lutheran and Reformed countries. The Roman Church used force to suppress Protestantism; Protestantism, therefore, justified itself in using force to maintain its existence. Rationalism and infidelity later exercised some influence in restricting the power of the Church. The French Revolution, in 1789, shook eccle-siastical structures to their very founda-tions. The Congress of Vienna, in 1815, led eventually to the recognition of Lu-theran and Reformed churches, as well as Roman, as State churches in different countries. PRECIOUS TRUTHS MAINTAINED BY BAP- TISTS. The persecutions in the Old World which drove many dissenters to the New World, opened the discussion afresh on the virgin soil of America. All through these bloody periods there were brave Baptists who saw, who held, and who were willing to die for the truth. They held substantially the principles which are maintained by Bap-tists to this hour. They opposed infant baptism, which was the cause of many of the greatest evils which ever dishonored the pages of Church history. They con-demned vigorously the doctrine of salva-tion by baptism. Among these were the Paulicians of Eastern Europe, and the Petrobrusians and Henricians in the West. They vigorously preached the Baptist doc-trine of salvation by faith alone. They saw that infant baptism was responsible, in large part, for the union of Church and State; and also for the bloody persecutions which resulted from that union. In the times of the Reformation these truer dis-ciples of Christ were numerous in Switzer-land, Bavaria, the Tyrol, the Rhine coun-try, and the Netherlands. They rightly denied their nickname of Anabaptists, de-claring that infant baptism was no baptism at all. . . In bearing testimony against infant bap-tism and in favor Of infant salvation, Bap-tists also testified to the doctrine of separ-ation between Church and State. This testimony was not merely a, lucky thought of astute Baptist philosophers; it was the logical outcome of distinctive Baptist principles. How came they to be so much wiser than all other religious bodies ?  Their wisdom lay in the fact that they grasped the great principles laid down by Christ and the apostles. They preceded all others in declaring the true relations between civil and ecclesiastical bodies, be-cause they held correct scriptural princi-ples, while all others were involved in the meshes of unscriptural tenets. Baptists thus were the first to condemn the use of force in religion. Down to a comparatively late date, if a man said that the civil magistrate should not interfere in strictly religious matters, it was known thereby that he was a Baptist. . . . A glance over the brilliant path which Baptist heroes and martyrs have made through the dark centuries will arouse in all our people a holy enthusiasm for the loyal adherence of our fathers to the Word of God, and for the heroic faith which made them willing to do or die in support of the truths they held. We would be unworthy sons of these noble and sainted sires if we did not bless God for their lives, if we did not consecrate ourselves afresh to the maintenance of the principles for which they were willing to go to the dungeon and the rack, to the gibbet and the stake. In this land of freedom we put the crown of our gratitude and of their enduring fame on the brows of these martyred and sainted heroes.ŠRobert S. MacArthur, D.D., in the Examiner. Sunday Closing Pure Selfishness. THAT the movement for Sunday closing of-barber shops and other places of busi-ness is purely selfish, will be seen from the following report in the Providence, R. I., Journal of October 6, 1893:Š The Olneyville Barbers' Association met Wednes-day evening to consider the proposed re-opening of shops on Sunday morning. The association voted that the practice of keeping the shops closed on Sundays shall be continued, and that action shall he taken to compel all barbers in Olneyville and vicinity to observe the Sabbath closing law. The association will station watchers near the shops which will be opened Sundays, and will produce evidence to prosecute. They will summon custom-ers as witnesses against proprietors and workmen, and this is likely to make customers shun the shops to avoid being drawn into court. Nothing could be more selfish than this. First, the Olneyville Association propose "to compel all barbers" " to observe the Sabbath closing law." Why ? Because that should any keep their shops open on Sunday morning and get a little money this would prevent the others from stand-ing an equal chance to get a little of it on Monday; and so, for the love of gain, they propose to compel, by law, all to comply with their wishes; no matter if one should happen to differ from conscientious mo-tives, not believing in Sunday keeping, he would have to be watched by the " association," which would procure evi-dence to prosecute him. In so doing they deny him the right to the use of one sev-enth of his time. In this, " the god of this world," mammon, is exercising au-thority over the rights of others. Truly, the words of the Apostle Paul are ful-filled : " For the love of money is the root of all evil." To make their prospect of equal gain sure they " will summon cus-tomers " as witnesses against workmen and proprietors so as to close the shops, and that the customers may be frightened from the shops on Sunday as they will want to "avoid being drawn into court." The customer is frightened, the barber is wronged, and all done in the name of the Sunday closing law to gratify the greed 