International Religious hiberty Assoeiation. Single Copy, Per Year, Six months - Three " $1.00. AMERICAN SENTINEL.. 365 The union of the Greek and Anglican churches has been the topic of conversation of late, and whatever be the practical result of such a movement, no doubt such a union has been advanced a step by the cordial reception given everywhere to the Archbishop of York." THE Russian government having refused to vise the passport of a Jewish citizen of California who wished to enter Russia for the purpose of visiting relatives, and this refusal having come to public notice, Senator Perkins has introduced in Congress the following resolution: Š "Resol ved, That this Government request the Impe-rial Government of Russia to specifically declare whether American citizens are excluded from Russia on account of their religious faith, and if so, that said imperial Gov-ernment of Russia be requested to remove such prohibi-tion and to permit Americans Of whatever religious faith to visit Russia, if they are not liable to become a charge upon the Empire by reason of poverty or an inability to support themselves by honest labor." 1.-41- -4 IT would seem that at last even Ecuador is to a con-siderable degree shaking herself free from theincubus and blight of papal priestcraft and Jesuitism. The Jesuits have been banished from the country by a government edict, and the distribution of Bibles is now freely per-mitted. As a result many of the inhabitants are calling for the Word of God. The weakening of the last strong-holds of anti-biblical religion points to the completion of the work of preaching the gospel in all the world for a witness unto all nations, which the Saviour said should immediately precede his second coming. A RECENT ruling made by Judge Righter, of the Dis-trict Court of New Orleans, in a case which attacked the right of the city to make grants of, public money to de_ nominational institutions, holds that the fact that the grants of money were made to more than one institution renders them non-sectarian. This is on the principle that two wrongs make a right, or that an evil ceases to be an evil by being multiplied. Ł 4 4 Ix Topeka, Kans., after twelve years of freedom from open saloons, the State prohibitory law has been defied by the opening of an attractive saloon in the principal street of the city. A mass meeting of citizens called to consider the situation adopted resolutions calling upon *the governor to remove the Topeka police commission-ers, and demanding the prosecution of all violators of the law. It is public sentiment that determines 'whether a law shall be enforced or not; and right public sentiment can come only from the education of the public in the principles of self government. , IF there were no other proof for the proposition that this is not a Christian nation, its truth would -be amply demonstrated by the prevailing cruel, senseless, revolting worship of the goddess of Fashion in the form of the dec-oration of ladies' bonnets with the lifeless bodies of the innocent, beautiful, songsters that do so much for the,  farmer against injurious insects and contribute so largely to maintain what littlenatural beauty is still left in this m. dark old earth. OUR decoration day number (June 3) has been voted by our friends one of our very best issues. We have a few left. First come first served. Usual prices. TO OUR PATRONS : I. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co.. not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamp in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromis opposed to anything tending toward -a union of Church and State. either in name or in principle. ER-POSTMASTER-GENERAL WANAMAKER, says the Union Signal, predicts the advent of a new political party, as a Published Weekly by Pueifie press publishing Co. result of "the low state to which the political religion of the nation was brought by unscrupulous bosses:" It cannot be denied that the "political religion " of the ORGAN OF TEE nation is in a "low state;" but the very nature of this "religion" precludes it from attaining to any other plane of activity than a low one; while -the "unscrupulous bosses" appear to be a necessary adjunct of every suc-cessful political party. A new party can give no perma- nent relief to the situation, because it is not a remedy  that can reach the seat of the difficulty. It is useless to try to lift politics above the level of human nature. AMIIRRS£3. ArIERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street. New York. 