360 A.IVIEMEt it CAN VOL. N 9, No. 45. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 15, 1894, rg'-' ANY, one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. READ on pages 354 and 356 how Advent-ists are imprisoned in Switzerland, and in America for refusal to keep the papal Sab-bath, the " wild solar holiday of all pagan times." Persecution of Sabbath-keepers is fast becoming world-wide. But it is only that which prophecy foretells, and Adventists have long expected; it is one of the " these things " ito which our Lord referred when he said: " When these things begin to come to pass, then look up, and lift up your heads; for your re-demption draweth nigh." Let the per-secuted Adventists pray and sing praises in their prisons, even as Paul and Silas did in the Phillipian jail, for though unseen by mortal eyes, He for whom they suffer, suffers with them and sustains them by his grace. It is a time to be " strong and very courageous." THE New York Sun thinks that if the Seventh-day Adventist farmer " of Ten-nessee who was arrested and imprisoned for plowing his land on a Sunday, had been able to carry his case up to the high-est court, he might have gained it, on the ground that his conviction was in viola-tion of the constitutional provision of re-ligious freedom." The Sun ought to know that the Supreme Court of the United States has, in effect, decided over and over again that the so-called constitutional guarantee of religious liberty in the Con-stitution of the United States is no guar-antee at all, for it only inhibits Congress from making any " law respecting an es-tablishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." The constitutional guarantee that " no person shall be held to answer for a capital, or otherwise in-famous crime, unless on a presentment or indictment' of a grand jury," has been repeatedly held to apply only to cases arising under the laws of the United States. The principle is the same. The moral is that the Constitution of the United States contains much less ample provisions of liberty, both civil and reli-gious, than many have supposed. ANOTHER provision of the Constitution of the United States is that " the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus shall not be suspended, unless in cases of rebellion or invasion the public safety may require it." But the Alien Contract Labor law and the Chinese Exclusion act both suspend the writ so far as it relates to those affected by the laws referred to. Persons accused of being contract laborers or of being in  the country in violation of the exclusion act, have no recourse to the courts. The decision of the Treasury Department in such cases is final. This fact illustrates the truth that no constitutional guarantee is of any value except it is sustained by public sentiment. This country is now ruled less by constitutional law than by public clamor. SUNDAY, Nov. 4, the gallery of the old Bushwick Reformed Church at Conselyea and Humboldt Streets, Williamsburgh, Brooklyn, was repaired after the morning service, preparatory to the evening service. The reason for this was that there is war between the pastor and the consistory, the latter refusing to open the house for the repairs which the pastor wished to have made. The preacher was equal to the emergency and had the carpenters in waiting at the close of the morning serv-ice. While the noise of the hammers resounded through the old church the pastor went to and fro in the aisles and several times shouted : " Praise God from whom all blessing flow." The members of the consistory profess to be shocked that the " Sabbath " should have been " desecrated " by bodily labor in the church on Sunday; but the pastor prob-ably regards it as all right since the Sun-day preachers have a monopoly of the day anyhow. But while the consistory are shocked at what they term " Sabbath desecration," nobody seems to be outraged by the unseemly quarrel between pastor and people. SUNDAY closing of barber shops is being agitated in some parts of this State. Sev-eral arrests are reported from Oneonta. The police have notified the proprietors of all shops that they must el( se on Sunday. In their address to the public the members of the Barbers' Union say : " The Bible teaches that six is the number of laboring days and that the seventh shall be a day of rest." However the Sunday closing barbers did not scruple to attend a labor meeting on Sunday, at which an address on the labor question was delivered by Mr. Gompers. The trouble is with these bar-bers that they want others to keep Sunday just as they do. DETROIT, Mich., is moving in the matter of closing Sunday theaters. The Michi-gan Christian Advocate, is of course heart-ily in favor of the movement. It says:Š It is a matter of gratulation also that the prosecut-ing attorney is a man who regards the rest day. We only regret that he has not followed up the proposed action to a successful issue. The theater is bad enough on week days, its Sunday work is still worse. We agree perfectly with the Advocate that theaters are bad, but not that they are worse on Sunday than on other days. Nobody need attend them on Sunday who does not wish to, and those who attend on other days might about as well go on  Sunday also. Theater going is not con-sistent with Christianity, even if a large part of the Advocate's constituency does indulge in it. The time was when one could not be a Methodist and attend theaters : we believe, that time is past. The practice is, however, just as wrong as it ever was. AMONG our significant paragraphs is one entitled, " Cardinal Gibbons on the Basis of Unity," which is worthy of note, not only because of the statements he makes regarding the desire among " Prot-estant " ministers for union, but because of his incidental admission that " the church" was corrupt in Luther's day. The point which he endeavors to make against Luther and Calvin is easily an-swered. The cardinal admits that abuses and iniquity existed in "the church." It is then enough to reply to his censure of the Reformers that the abuses and the iniquity were a necessary result of the system. Tetzel peddled,indulgences in Germany under the authority of Leo X. IT is said that "in its choice of a pope the ' Sacred College' is not limited by any law or regulation to Italians, though it is 370 years since a pope of any other na-tionality has been elected." Of the sixty-two cardinals now living, thirty-two are Italians. It would seem that the prospects of the election of an American pope are not brilliant. But the less brilliant the better for the American people. There is already too much sycophancy in the United States. THE Arena for November, has an article entitled, " Two Views of Modern Spirit-ualism," the first part, " The Bible and Modern Spiritualism," is by the late Henry A. Hartt, M. D. ; the second part, " Primi-tive Christianity and Modern Spiritual-ism," is by J. M. Peebles, A. M., M. D. The view presented by the first writer is thorpughly scriptural as far as it goes; that by the second, is about as thoroughly unscriptural as anything could be by a writer professing faith in revealed religion. The articles are however both intensely interesting, and should be read by every student of this subject. We shall have more to say in regard to this matter ere-long. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - 491.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies, to one address, per year, Ł Ł 90e 25 to 99 " " " " - Ł - 80c - - 75c - 700 Ł - 65c 66 66 60c To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New Y01.1: City,. 100 to 249 " " 66 66  250 to 499 " " " If 500 to 999 " " " 1000 or more " " " 6t 