AMERICAN SENTINEL. THE only fat villain in standard fiction is the "Count Fusco," whom Mr. Wilkie Collins introduced in his fine novel, "The Woman in White." Mr. Collins, it is said, was proud of this creation because all the imaginary villains of previous authors were of lean build. But the Count has another title to pre-eminence and immortality besides his physical stoutness. He was a chemist of thorough education, and a thinker of no slight ability. His philosophy, like the philosophy of other villains, was of the materialistic schoolŠthat being, indeed, the only school of philosophy in which your true and complete villain can find any solid comfort for his soul. * ON one occasion, expounding the tenets of his faith, the Count observed, "Mind, they say, rules the world; but what rules the mind?ŠThe body." And he goes on to claim that if he could order the breakfast of Sir Isaac Newton, he would guarantee that, when, an hour or so after he'had finished the meal, the great scientist went out Łinto his orchard and saw the apple fall, instead of proceeding to formulate the law of gravitation, he would ,simply,eat the fruit. Give him, he further asserted, a like jurisdiction in the case of Alexander the Great, and he would cause that monarch to run away at the first sight ,of the Persian enemy. This little speech of the Count's is .aboutias good a summary of the theory of materialism :as ,has ever been presented. * * Burr the trouble 'about materialism is that it misses the point. The connection between the mind and the "body is profoundly interesting, and is now, and must for-,ever remain, apart from revelation, an unsolvable mys-tery. Nothing is more wonderful than the change which we may effect in the character of a human being, in his views of circumstances, in his desires, his impulses, aye, .even his moral sense, merely by putting substances into his -stomach. We may easily, by this means, not only 'render him unable to think or act at all, but, if we please, may cause him to think and act in a manner altogether different from that in which he normally thinks and acts. No man is precisely the same when he is starving -as he is after a good meal. Ordinary foods, as well ,as potent drugs, have a wonderful deal to do with one's .qpinionsand disposition. BUT here materialistic forces reach the limit of their  operation, and the spiritual advances to the fore. How ever, a man comes to evolve an idea, once that idea is communicated to others, its operation is not only inde-pendent of physical laws, but rises superior to them. The results of its promulgation and discussion are neither to be weighed, or measured, or estimated by any human . means or instrumentality. Its power may be greater than that of any number of "stubborn facts." Ideas bend the external world to their will. Napoleon to the contrary notwithstanding, Providence is not,. always on the side of the heaviest artillery. Men full of patriotic enthusiasm, or religious fervor, or inspired by a domi-nating sense of duty in any cause, will carry by storm the most powerful batteries defended by soldiers whose hearts are not in the fight. "MAN shall not live by bread alone, but by ideas." And by these shall he also perish. "The lethal side of mankind," as Mr. Stevenson calls it, is the side of evil ideas, or of wrong ideas; to submit one's life to the influ-ence and guidance of such ideas is to invite destruction. Many ideas are to the mind what indigestible food is to the stomach. Right ideas are like good, strong, whole-some, nourishing food; their tendency is to preserve, to increase strength, and promote development. * HENCE the tremendous, the transcendent importance to the race of correct thinking. Hence the exalted and exacting mission of those who battle for this thing. As the mind is more important than the body, so is the function of him who undertakes to commend or discredit ideas among men far above the business of one who sells his fellows flour or meats or vegetables. THE present young emperor of Germany appreciates very keenly this importance of ideas. On a recent occa-sion he quite outdid himself in his effort to emphasize and impress on the minds of his people his favorite idea of "divine right" as the source of his position and au-thority. In so many words, he announced that he had received his crown from Deity direct, and acknowledged no responsibility to any other quarter for the manner in which it might please him to administer the office which had thus been bestowed upon him. The people of Ger-many have heard their young master talk this way be-fore, and no particular attention was attracted by this last manifesto, extreme as it was. BUT one of the corner stones of our American polity is the fixed belief that the idea of having people to rule over us by divine right is a wrong idea, and ought to be rejected. We believe that the application of this idea tends to enslave the souls of men, to suppress humanity, 