330 VoL. 8, No. 42. throwing off the cloak of tolerance, begin persecution in the name of religion and for conscience' sake. This is the legitimate conclusion of a profession of tolerance in the place of the pure principle of equality of all men before God, and that charity which requires of all, without distinction, that they should invariably do to others as they would be done by. THE organizations and associations which have grown up in the last few years, with the avowed purpose of laying aside previous toleration and antagonizing one class of religious tenets while enforcing, or seeking the enforcement of, another, are legion. This is a logical development, it is a necessary result from the pre-vious profession of tolerance and all that was thereby assumed. This Government was not instituted as a government of " tolerance " but of absolute freedom and equality. But the religionists who fled to the asylum of the New World brought with them the seed of the tares and igno-rantly sowing it with the good grain, the tares now overtop and choke the wheat. Now, whatever the result, they must grow together until the end comes. The last asylum was the New World, the next will be the new earth, and the final city of refugeŠthe New Jerusalem. W. H. M. Truth Told Unawares. THE Independent lately published a symposium on the subjectŠ" Is the World Growing Better ? " In expressing his views upon this, Mr. Moody said :Š There is every indication that the present dispen-sation will end in a great smash-up; but I believe that out of that smash-up the most glorious age in the world's history will come. Without the evidence of any adequate perception of the significance of the lan-guage he was using, C. C. Bonney, Pres-ident of the World's Congress Auxiliary, said, in his address at the closing of the Parliament of Religions :Š This congress of the world's religions is the most marvelous evidence yet given of the approaching fulfillment of the apocalyptic prophecy, " Behold ! I make all things new." When men, brought prominently before the world, give voice to such expressions as these, it is not impossible that their words may sometimes contain a deeper meaning and significance than they them-selves are aware. As Paul said to the men of Athens : " Whom, therefore, ye ignorantly worship, him declare I unto you;" so, not infrequently, is it possible, with justice, to say to men, " The truth which you ignorantly speak, that truth the Bible declares unto you." And so it is here, whether unaware of the full meaning of what they have said, or, with a vague foreshadowing of the truth in their minds; or, whether it be in search-ing for an effective phrase and thought with which to dramatically bring to an end the great religious conclave, this thought and these words appealed to Mr. Bonney, as being the most rhetorically striking that he could use, yet they, no less than Mr. Moody's plain and earnest language, embody facts which are, and are to be, the fulfillment of the sure word of prophecy. In these paragraphs there are heralded to the world through the public prints, not the words, or thoughts, or opinions of Mr. Moody or Mr. Bonney, but the truth for this hour and day, a repetition of the warning and the promise  which Christ gave to his disciples, for their benefit, and for ours upon whom the last days of which he spoke have come; and a repetition of the vision of the new heaven and the new earth where there should be no more death, nor sorrow, nor pain, for the first heaven and the first earth were passed away, which God vouch-safed to the seer of Patmos, as a revelation to us. s  With what effective simplicity John has emphasized to us these prophetic words, " And he said unto me, Write : for these words are true and faithful." This is the gospel, the message, the liv-ing word of warning and of promise for this day and this hour. Do Mr. Moody, and Mr. Bonney, know this ? and if they do, will they let the whole world know that they do ? W. H. M. Render to God the Things That Are God's. FREQUENT appeal is made to the 13th chapter of Romans to sustain the assump-tion that unquestioning obedience to civil rulers is a moral duty; but that scripture teaches us no such doctrine. We some-times hear about harmonizing texts of sacred scripture, but the expression should never be used. Where there is apparent conflict man's duty is, not to harmonize passages in the divine Word, but to dis-cover the harmony which already exists. The principle so plainly stated in Acts 5 : 29 : We ought to obey God rather than men," is nowhere contradicted in the divine Word. On the contrary we find it to be the rule of action of the servants of God in all ages. It was fidelity to this principle that brought the three Hebrew worthies face to face with death in the burn-ing fiery furnace, but which also on the same occasion brought them face to face with their Lord, whose form was "like the Son of God," and who gloriously delivered them. It was likewise obedience to the same,then unwritten law,that caused Dan-iel to be cast alive into the den of lions, from which he came forth also alive, and gloriously vindicated, though he had vio-lated a law of the realm and defied the authority of his earthly sovereign. The key to the thirteenth of Romans is found in the words of our Lord recorded in Matt. 22 : 21: " Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Ca3sar's; and unto God the things that are God's." The Jews were living under Caesar's govern-ment and were therefore in duty bound to render to Caesar his due, but this did not release them from their obligation to ren-der to God his due, even if to do so would bring them in conflict with Ca3sar ; for it has ever been true that man's first and highest allegiance is due to his Creator, hence he is to love God with all his heart, with all his soul, and with all his mind, more than he loves himself even; while he is to love his neighbor as he_loves him-self. Matt. 22: 37-39. The whole subject under discussion in the thirteenth of Romans is man's duty to his fellows. This is evident from verses 8-10 : " Owe no man anything, but to love one another, for he that loveth another hath fulfilled the law. For this, Thou shalt not commit adultery, Thou shalt not kill, Thou shalt not steal, Thou shalt not bear false witness, Thou shalt not covet; and if there be any other commandment, it is briefly comprehended in this saying, namely, Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself. Love worketh no ill to his neigh- bor therefore love is the fulfilling of the law." This the divine law requires and the civil law cannot go beyond it. But even should the civil law strip the Christian of his earthly possessions it would still be his duty to quietly submit trusting his cause to God who judgeth righteously, and remembering that " all things work together for good to them that love God." Non-resistance is the rule of the Christian life. The Christian must notŠyea he can-not do wrong,but he can suffer and will suf-fer wrong, and that patiently. Said the Saviour : "Ye have heard that it hath been said, An eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth; but I .say unto you, That ye resist not evil; but whosoever shall smite thee on thy right cheek, turn to him the other also. And if any man will sue thee at the law and take away thy coat, let him have thy cloak also. And whosoever shall compel thee to go a mile, go with him twain." And again the apostle says: "What glory is it, if, when ye be buffeted for your faults ye shall take it patiently ? but if, when ye do well, and suffer for it, ye take it patiently, this is acceptable with God. For even hereunto were ye called : because Christ also suffered for us, leaving us an example, that ye should follow his steps." 1 Peter 2 : 20, 21. But while the Christian is to yield to man everything, yea and much more than the civil law requires, and this for con-science' sake, he must not render to Caesar that which is God's. The divine mandate is, Render to God the things that are God's. And neither the thirteenth chapter of Ro-mans, nor any other scripture contradicts this in any degree. The whole subject matter of that chapter is concerning the Christian's duty to render to Caesar (the civil authorities) the things that are due to civil authority, and nothing else. C. P. B. He Spoke the Truth. IT has frequently been declared that selfishness was behind the efforts of Sun-day law advocates, and especially when the law was advocated by men with closed places of business, and whose competitors in trade kept open on Sunday. This statement has been questioned more than once, and those who have made it have been taken to task for it, but there appears in the Mail and Express, in the Pearl of Days Department, of October 4, a note concerning the arrest of four barbers in Knoxville, Tennessee, at the instigation of one E. J. Jennings, for a violation of the State law prohibiting the opening of barber shops for business on Sunday. In justification of his action, Mr. Jennings said :Š In 1890 a law was enacted which prohibited bar-bering on the Sabbath in the State. There were many reasons for the enactment of the law. It grew out of a desire on the part of some of our barbers to carry out the spirit of the Scriptures, which read that "six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work, but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." It grew out of a desire not only to respect the Christian Sabbath, but to have a day of rest, a day which the law establishes and which is one of ite most wise and humane provisions. When I see so many of my customers walking the streets on the Sabbath with a clean shave, fresh from the barber shop of some one who has violated the law, it makes me feel like asking the Legislature to repeal the law, something I asked them not to do two years ago, which request was granted. I am a law-abiding citizen, and so long as this law remains on the statute books I shall cheerfully 