54 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. same import, which teach ChristianityŠthe way of Christ. It is the way of humility, self-denial, cross-bearing, and long-suffering. But certainly these principles are the very opposite of the prin-ciples of those who are engaged in the religio-political crusade of to-day. Christianity can never be reached in an un-christian way; for it is the way that makes it what it is. The way of National Reformers is arrogant, ambitious, tyrannical, usurping, and is, therefore, unchristian. Whatever, then, their ob-ject may be, the end will never justify the unchris-tian means; nor will the end be more Christian than the means are. Such Reformers (?) are like two rash ones of old, who were desirous of using similar meanspŠthey know not what manner of spirit they are of. Luke 9:55. M. c. w. Ł Ł - " Intolerant and Illiberal," THE Bradford (Penn.) Era, of January 24, has the following temperate and sensible words concerning the Blair Sunday-Rest bill :Š "It is claimed that 14,000,000 names have been secured to the petition asking for the passage of this law. If this be true, it is only another illustration of the ease with which Americans place their signatures to documents without giving the subject matter of them any careful thought. Such a law could not be enforced without doing injustice to a large portion of our population. Hebrews, Adventists, Seventh-day Baptists, and Sabbatarians generally, would be greatly wronged by the passage of such a law. The law itself smacks of an intolerant and illiberal spirit, which it was once hoped had long since passed away." " While Mr. Crafts is undoubtedly correct in his observations [as to the amount of work done on Sunday], the remedy is not to be sought in legislation. A morality that is enforced by statutory limitations is never secure. You cannot make men either religious, temperate, or moral by act of the Legislature. There are two good and sufficient reasons why manhood in general should observe one day out of seven as a day of rest and surcease from toil. The first is a sacred and religious one; the second, purely physiological. Most men can be induced to the observance from one reason or the other. But all will not agree upon which day of the seven shall be set apart for this purpose. The day will be better and more faithfully observed when mankind is thus induced to do voluntarily than when compelled by act of Legislature. "Aside from its religious aspect, the subject is purely intellectual and educational. Another point to be borne in mind is the exceeding dif-ficulty of enforcing such an act after it has be-come a law. Some communities would be very lax in their observance of the law, while others would be equally strict. The very fact of making the observance compulsory would tend to create a disrespect for the day on the part of many who are now disposed to recognize its sacred character. Religious observance of all kind in a free country must continue free and voluntary. Our day of rest, call it by what name you will, should be left to the individual citizen as free as it is aPpresent. We may educate our citizens to observe the first or the seventh day of the week as a holy day, by appeals to their religious and moral nature, but no such observance should be made compulsory. The influences that now hal-low the Christian Sabbath-day would in a large degree be dissipated when the day became set  apart and its observance forced, under penalty of fine or imprisonment. There is no need of any such legislation in this country." "A National Religion." THE above was the subject of a discourse by the Rev. E. H. Sawyer, pastor of the Calvary Baptist Church, Denver, Colorado, which was preached in that city on Sunday, January 13. The discourse was mainly in opposition to the Blair Educational Amendment bill, especially the clause which provides for the education of chil-dren in the public schools, "in the common branches of education, and in virtue, morality, and the principles of the Christian religion." The portion of the sermon which follows, we clip from the Rocky Mountain News of January 15. We think our readers will join us in commending the editorial statement in the News, that the sermon was thoughtful and logical:Š " This bill is now pending before Congress, and we are told that Senator Blair is supported in his advocacy of his amendment by petitions already aggregating about one-quarter of our entire popula-tion. I challenge the churchman and the states-man to beware of the danger to which he exposes the institutions bequeathed us by our fathers. I exhort you, my people, Take heed that no man deceive you!' To provide liberally and intelli-gently for the education and culture of our chil-dren is the constitutional prerogative and duty of our Government, but to educate our children in the principles of the Christian religion,' is the right and duty reserved by the divine Law-giver, and assigned solely to the church of Jesus Christ. "It was while pursuing the great object of his ambition through the dark and bloody paths of war and policy, that Constantine is said to have beheld the sign of a cross in the heavensŠinscribed, By this conquer 'Šand henceforth he assumed the relation of terrestrial father to Christianity, that daughter of the skies.' Having acquired political dominion over the States of Europe, he conceived the idea of forming an alliance between the civil and the religious organizations in the em-pire. From this unholy alliance, consummated in the fourth century, has issued a progeny of evil which during many centuries have afflicted both Church and State. " A National religion often becomes to the State, in times of special awakening, burdensome and even revolutionary; be the zeal of a religionist the ambition of a Becket, a Hildebrand, or a Wolsey, or be it the flaming love for souls that burned in a Whitefield, a Wesley, or a Bunyan, or be it the heroic attachment for truth which actuated a Wycliffe, a Luther, or a Calvin. A fervid state of the church causes more or less uneasiness to the worldly ruler who must deal with it. To the church, on the other hand, such alliance becomes an influence to secularize, to pervert, and to crip-ple, while nominally subsidizing, assuming, and patronizing her. Persecution becomes almost an inevitable sequent. "State-craft and priestcraft, each evil when alone, become more vicious by their mutual aid and emulation, and plague together the country which in common they drain of its resources, and in common they circumscribe and fetter in its de-velopment. Revenue and rank and wealth tempt evil men into high places of the church. Simon Maguses are more easily fostered than Simon Peters, and when, if ever, God withdraws his hand of restraint, the National church sees rising within her nominal bounds, men like Dunstan and Wol-sey and Richelieu and Mazarin and Dubois, tramp-ling on truth and right, and aiming at power won by the worst means and used for the basest pur-poses. Our own favored land has for many years enjoyed the distinction and blessedness of seeing the Christian churches left alike unendowed and unfettered by the State, and yet largely influential, widely enterprising, and greatly prospered. "The 'danger clause' in the proposed amend-ment to our National Constitution would require for its appropriate execution the assembling by executive authority of a council similar to the Council of Nice, ordered by Constantine, of the most learned and distinguished divines and states-men, to frame a creed embracing 'the principles of the Christian religion,' contemplated in the bill. The diversity of belief, hitherto allowed and fos-tered by our free Constitution, would necessarily require the adoption of the vaguest and laxest type of Christian doctrine, and the loosest and most secular type of Christian practice consistent with the retention of the Christian name. Thus would we repeat the folly and crime of the Old World. In the name of religion, and appealing to the Bible for our support, we would confiscate Christ's own golden crown of Godhead, to beat it into the thin and flexible gold-leaf bands of a perilous and unwarranted brotherhood. The pulpit in a Na-tional church would reflect the will of the cabinet, and be the mouth-piece of the court. Such has been the experience in Europe. In the wars of the league in France it trumpeted sedition and re-volt; in the days of the Stuarts of England it sought to graft passive obedience in the interests of despotism on the gospel of Paul and of Paul's master. . . . "If this scheme was practicable we should ad-mire their wisdom; if it was possible we should applaud their zeal; if it was patriotic we should emulate their devotion; if it was Biblical we should memorialize their achievement. But, alas! they would have the State by a strange impartiality widen its establishment, varying its motley creeds and rituals to suit its complex subjects. By what talisman would the statesman select and establish the true religion for us ? Great Britain, confess-edly one of the most enlightened and religious Governments of earth, has subsidized Episcopacy in England, Presbyterianism in Scotland, and threatened by more than one of her statesmen to add to the staff of her ecclesiastical pensioners by endowing Romanism in Ireland. By some of her Indian placemen she has contributed to the festi-vals of Juggernaut, foul and bloody as they are. "France pays salaries to the Romish priest, the Protestant pastor, and the Jewish rabbi. Now a faith thus elastic, indiscriminate, and all-devouring, cannot honor God or rightly develop conscience. Parity of reasoning would require the State to ex-tend salaries and subsidies to the impurities and defilements of Mohammedanism and Mormonism, should votaries of either delusion in sufficient num-ber colonize our soil. The God of the Bible would be compelled to share his throne with mammon, and the system sweeping on into the dim and misty realms of pantheism would ultimate in the prince of this world branding all truth as lies, and approving all lies as truth." IN commenting upon the late address of the Pope before the Sacred College, America, a Chi-cago paper, remarks that "this address of Leo XIII. possesses the deepest interest for Americans. It is a notification to the 7,200,000 Roman Catholics in the United States that their supreme allegiance is due, not to the republic, but to the pontificate. If this claim were merely the garru-lous utterance of an old man jealous of the author-ity and the prestige that has departed from his office, Americans could afford to dismiss it with a smile. But it is the expression of the pivotal dogma upon which revolves the mighty system of Roman supremacy over its children among the children of the earth. It is the doctrine sub-scribed to by over eight thousand priests, and preached by them to over ten thousand congre-gations, to over seven million American citizens. Worse than this, it is the un-American theory inculcated by alien teachers in two thousand seven hundred parochial schools, to over five hundred and thirty-seven thousand American children." 