194 Ł AMERICAN SENTINEL. and keep you alive while you disobey him; but If you undertake to do what he he has commanded he will let you starve to death! Has this really come to be the orthodox conception of God? It is not the true Christian conception, cer-tainly. Contrast with this the following statement made by a person who would not violate his conscience touching the fourth commandment for the sake of keeping his position. We take it from the Union Signal, in connec-tion with a report of religious services held in Willard Hall, Chicago:Š "Some time ago a brother came to the leader and stated his purpose to give up a good position because he was required to work occasionally on the Sabbath. The other day he came back with his face beaming. `Well,' said he, 'God has heard the prayers offered for me in Willard Hall. I have a good position with a Christian publishing house and am getting on splendid-ly.' It pays to serve Jesus." Why should not every Christian, every individual who feels it a duty to obey the fourth commandment, do as this person did in the matter? And why should Christians expect that any other than favorable results would follow such action, as in this case? And if people who feel bound by the fourth commandment would do this, how long would they remain in "slavery?" What then is the real trouble in the cases of those who, like this railway employee, feel that they ought not to violate the fourth commandment and yet do so for fear they will starve? He lays the blame upon the church, for its members' patronage of Sunday trains. "The church of to-day," he says, "is partly responsible for myself and a million of my brothers laboring on Sunday at the risk of our souls' salvation." Certainly he and they are in bondageŠit may even be said, in slaveryŠbut to what? "Slaves of what ? "Što repeat his, own queryŠslaves of the railway company? Oh no; the company does not compel them to labor against their will. They are as free to keep the Sabbath, or the day they regard as such, as was the individual men-tioned at Willard Hall. The trouble is in themselves. They are slaves to something in their own hearts. And before they complain of others as being responsible for their condition, they should eject the tyrant from his throne within them, as is in their power, and theirs alone, to do. If they will do this, it will solve the Sunday-rest and Sunday slavery question, so far at least as they are concerned. Enforcing Trade. IN these days when the national flag has come to be considered by men of wealth and power as a "commer-cial asset," to be waved over foreign territory merely for the benefit of trade, if no more urgent reason for it  exists, the sentiment expressed in the following is a wholesome one to keep in mind:Š "To me it seems that neither the obtaining nor re-taining of any trade, how valuable soever, is an object for which men may justly spill each other's blood; that the true and sure means of extending and securing com-merce is the goodness and cheapness of commodities, and that the profit of no trade can ever be equal to the expense of compelling it and holding it by fleets or armies. And I am persuaded that cool, dispassionate posterity will condemn to infamy those who advise it, and that even success will not save from some degree of dishonor those who voluntarily engage In it." This is not an extract from a political document of recent origin, but is what the American colon' sts said through Benjamin Franklin in reply to the peace mis-sion of Lord Howe to the leaders in the American Rev-olution. Justice Upheld in Mississippi. THE CASES OF R. S. OWEN AND ROBERT NA H, ARRESTED FOR BREAKING SUNDAY, rnomprzr DISMISSED. EDITOR AMERICAN SENTINEL: The cases of Josiah Nash and R. S. Owen, for Sunday work, were brought into the Circuit Court at Aberdeen, Miss., March 13.. We stated to the court that we had been tried and ac-quitted before Justice Lantrip, and we requested that the case be thrown out of court. The witnesses were questioned on that point, and testified that this was the same case which had been tried before. On affirm-ing this theywere dismissed at once and both cases were discharged. Trying a case the second time for the same offense after the accused party has been acquitted, is strictly forbidden by the law of Mississippi. A zeal for the law of the land that would thus violate the law of the land, is so evidently inconsistent that its injustice seems to be recognized by all parties; and the effort that has been made in that direction seems now to meet with general disapproval. R. S. OWEN. Amory, Miss., March 16. Plain, yet Perplexing. REFERRING to the religious problem in the Philip-pines, The Churchman, of this city, says:Š "It has been necessary to deny the political de-mands of the Filipinos, but it will be a strange thing if the United States, with religious liberty at home, should herself turn loose among these sheep the wolves whom her approach had scared away, and should protect the destroyers against the guardians of the sheep-fold. They have already gathered, partly by force, partly by fraud, partly from superstitious fears, eliorm ou s wealth, 