114 CAN S- 121 Vol, 10, No. 15 who is an ordained minister of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination :Š STATE OF TENNESSEE. To the Sheriff of Rhea County, Greeting: You are hereby commanded to take the body of Elder Colcord, if found in your county, and him safely keep, so that you have him before the judge of our Circuit Court for the County of Rhea, at the Court-house in the -town of Dayton, on the first Monday in March next, then and there to answer the State on an indictment for violating Sabbath. Herein fail not, and have you then and there this writ. Witness: C. G. GILLESPIE, Clerk of said Court at office in Dayton, first Monday in November, A. D., 1894. C. G. GILLESPIE, Clerk. The " nuisance" charged in the indictment is simply a legal fiction. It is purely mental, and not physical. The annoyance felt is of the same kind that might be felt by a Prot- estant seeing a Catholic making the sign of i,lae cross, or going to mass or to confession; or that the pedo-Baptist might experience in seeing a Baptist minister immersing candi-dates for church membership, or that a Bap-tist might feel in seeing the pedo-Baptist sprinkling infants. It is simply the annoy- ance of intolerance. None of the work complained of in these cases was of a nature to actually disturb any-one on account of the noise made by it. In connection with the academy closed by the persecution, was a boarding home under the direct charge of Elder Colcord and his wife. 'Here such students as so desired were per-mitted to board. They paid a certain rate per week for their board and tuition, and assisted in the work of the house, which was shared alike by all in the family. Five days in the week were devoted to school work; one, the seventh day, was observed as the Sabbath-day " according to the commandment; " and Sunday was devoted to such work as is often done under like conditions in other families upon Saturday. The young men attending the school would saw and split wood, while the young women did the washing under the supervision -of a matron. It was for per-mitting such work as this that Elder Colcord was indicted and imprisoned. Only a single act of Sunday work was proved against Prof. I. C. Colcord, the first assistant, and that was carrying a few boards a short distance on Sunday. What the boards were for was not stated by the witness. Three of the men were convicted for digging a well on- Sunday; one cut some wood, an-other was seen " pulling fodder " [stripping the blades from cornstalks], while another was arranging some wire netting around a vegetable bed to keep the chickens from de-stroying it. It was for such heinous(?) of- fenses that the eight Seventh-day Adventists were imprisoned in a Tennessee jail, March 8, where five of them are to-day. As our readers well know, Seventh-day Ad- ventists observe the seventh day as the Sab-bath, according to the fourth commandment: " Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work: but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God: in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy man-servant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates: for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day: wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day, and hallowed it." They believe that this commandment not only re-quires rest upon the seventh lay, but that it likewise establishes a difference between the Sabbath and all other 'lays of the week, and that it is a religious duty to respect that dif- ference. Therefore it is with them a matter  of conscience not to rest habitually upon two days of the week, because to do so would be to ignore the distinction which God has made between the Sabbath and "the six working days." (Ezek. 46: 1), That this is a question of conscience with the Adventists, is admitted by his honor, Judge Parks, before whom the cases were tried, in the following language:Š Their position is not that of the person who claims that as a matter of personal liberty, he has the right if he' chooses, to run an open saloon on Sunday, or do any like act. That is not a matter of conscienceŠthis is. In his defense before the court Elder Col-. cord said:Š It is-a sad feature in human life that we are divided. The saddest divisions that occur are those arising from differences in religious opinion. My convictions have undergone a change since I was first converted. Then, I believed it was right to keep SundayŠnow I know that it is my duty to keep the seventh day, the Sabbath of the Lord. This thing is a part of my very being. You might just as well think to compel me to take the name of my God in vain as to imagine that I could for a moment consent to any comproMise in this matter. The third com-mandment guards the sacredness of God's name; the fourth commandment guards his sacred day. Many in this house would not let judge or jury come between them and their God ,in the matter of the third com-mandment;, no more can I in the matter of the fourth. I have no desire to set at naught the laws of my coun-try, or to show disrespect to those who administer them. I honor earthly rulers, but I honor my God more. As I said, the fourth commandment defends God's holy day, and in obedience to that command-ment I respect that day, and cannot show a like regard for another day. This is a religious question. There is nothing in nature that gives rise to the Sabbath except the revo-lution of the earth upon its axis, but even then we know of the Sabbath only by revelationŠonly as it is revealed in the blessed Bible. This is therefore a Bible question, and I have a right to argue it from the Bible; and that Book tells me that the seventh day is the Sab-bath of the Lord my God, and commands me to keep it holy. This I cannot do unless I treat it differently from all other days; but this the State of Tennessee-forbids me to do, and demands that I shall outwardly at least,-  pay the same respect to another' day; but 'thi* I cannot do, for I must with- the apoStles " obey God-  rather than men." Now I am Called-  to answer for my faith before an earthly tribunal; but I say to the court and jury that there is a time coming when there will be a change, and God, and not man, will be the JudgeŠand in that Court questions will be decid' I not by the statute books of Tennessee, but by the law of God. Not only have I a natural, God-given right to worship my Creator according to the dictates of my own con-science, but I have a constitutional right that ought to be respected by the courts of this State. Section 3, Article 1, of the Declaration of Rights, says, "that no human authority can, in any case whatever, control or interfere with the rights of conscience." No jury, no judge, no court, according to that law, has any right to come between me and my conscience in any matter whatever. I leave the case with you. As stated in a previous issue of the SEN-Tf- NEL, the Pleas of all the Adventists were very similar in natureŠall defending their right and asserting their duty to keep the Sabbath, and not to show like respect to another day. But in harmony with the decision of the Su-preme Court of the State, his honor, Judge Parks, charged the jury that it was not a reli-gious question, but simply a question of law. " What is the aw?' and has it been violated?" said his honor, "are the only questions before this court:" The law, he declared, was that secular work should not be done on the first day of the week, " the Sabbath recognized by the law." Whether or not that law had been violated was a question of fact to be decided by the jury. Of course, as there was no de= nial on the part of the defendants, the jury had no option but to convict, and the judge had no legal option but to pronounce judg-ment in accordance with the law, as laid down in the statute books, and as defined by the Su-preme Court of the State. As previously stated in these columns, the judge imposed a fine of two dollars and a half in each case, and then immediately remitted the fine, expressing his regret that he could  not also remit the costs, declaring that his sympathies were with the defendants; but that it was his duty to administer the law as he found it, and not as he might think that it ought to be. Elder Colcord and one other of the defendants were convicted on four indict-ments,- two others upon two indictments each; the others upon one each. This makes their terms of imprisonment range, from twenty to seventy-six days. One and all refused to pay the costs, because to do so would be to recognize the justice of their conviction and to encour-age further prosecution under the same unjust law. Adventists are not -the enemies of law and order. They are as far removed from anarch-ists as it is possible for men to be. They are in all points not touching their conscientious convictions, a most law-abiding and exemplary people. Their enemies can find nothing against them, except that touching the law of their God. (Dan. 6: 5)..-  They_ are. subject to civil rulers in civil things, not from fear, but for conscience' sake; but in all matters of religion they choose to "obey God rather than men." Nor is this an exhibition of religious fanaticism. The principle thus stated is known and recognized by the best and .most enlightened thinkers everywhere. In his work on moral philosophy, President Fair-child, of Oberlin College, says:Š It is too obvious to need discussion, that the law of God, the great principle.  of benevolence, is supreme, and that, "we ought to obey God rather than men," in any case of conflict between liftman law and the divine. There are cases so clear that no one can ques-tion the duty to refuse Obedience. In all times and in all lands such -cases-  have arisen. In a case of this kind, either of two courses is possible; to disobey the law, and resist the government in its attempt to exe-cute it, or to disobey and quietly suffer the penalty. The first is revolutionary, and can be justified only when 'the ease is flagrant and affects such numbers that a revolutionary movement will be sustained. . The second course will, in general, commend itself .to considerate and conscientious men. It is a testimony against the law as unrighteous, and, at the same time; a recognition of government as a grave in-terest. The Baptists and Quakers of New England acted upon the same principle. They dis-obeyed the laws which interfered with their religious liberty, and quietly submitted to the nalties imposed upon them; but did not re-sist the rulers, and the measure of religious liberty enjoyed in this country, to-day, is due largely to their fidelity to principle. Their disobedience of the unjust law,' and quiet sub-mission under unjust punishment, witnessed so loudly against injustice arid oppression, that men were enabled to see the real princi-ples involved, and were led to recognize them to some degree. When Elder Holmes, the Baptist minister of Massachusetts, was sen-tenced to pay a fine or be whipped, in 1651, he said:Š I would not give my body into your hands upon any other account, yet upon this I would not give a hun-dredth part of a wampun-peague to free it out of your hands, and I make as much conscience of unbuttoning one button of my coat as I do in paying the thirty pounds in reference thereunto. On the same principle the Adventists refuse to pay a single penny. They have defrauded no man, they have corrupted no man, they have offended against no just law; they will not resist when they are put in prison; they will not seek freedom by flight; but they will not become parties to the wicked thing by voluntarily paying money as the price of their liberty; in other words, they will not purchase freedom by the payment of fines. " Has any power but the divine will the. right to establish any one day as the Sabbath?" ŠFrom the opinion of Judge Parks. 