328 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. VoL. 6, No. 41. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 22, 1891. NOTE.- Any one receiving the Antnntoor SENTINEL without having ordered It, may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked " Sample copy." It is our Mvari able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered t he SENTINEL need have no fears that they, will be asked to pay C or it simply because they take it from the post-office. ACCORDING to a government regulation, since the 20th inst., no freight trains are to be dispatched on Sundays and holidays in Belgium. The regulation went into partial operation last June, but it was only to be operative at the discretion of the railroad authorities. The idea was to make' the innovation gradual, but here-after a rigid adherence to it' will be ex-acted. COMMENTING upon one of the outrageous Sunday arrests made some weeks ago in this city, the Los Angeles Churchman says:Š And yet some good, but mistaken, Christian people are trying to get California to enact a Sun-day law. Let such remember this truth, which will hold good until the Lord Himself returns to reign: "No CIVIL GOVERNMENT HAS ANY COMMIS-SION TO ADMINISTER THE DIVINE LAW." The editor of the Churchman, Rev. Thomas Haskins, D. D., is rector of Christ Church, Los Angeles, Cal. A FRIEND in. Montana writes thus :Š "I sat down to write an order for THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, and, before sealing up the letter, the thought occurred to me that there were some of our prominent business men that ought to become read-ers of that able exponent of religious liberty. Upon the impulse of the moment I went out, and in about three hours obtained twenty-nine trial subscrip-tions for six months each. Others have recently been doing similar work, and the result is a very gratifying increase in the subscription list of THE SENTINEL. Our friends have our heart-felt thanks for the substantial assistance rendered, 'in increasing the circulation' of the only paper devoted to the defense of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion and religious tests. IN replying to an editorial note in the Sun relative to the Sunday closing of the World's Fair, the Christian Advocate, of this-city, said The Rev. Dr. Lewis, the best known Seventh-day pieacher in the United States, and worthy of comparison for ability and learning with any of the clergy, says in the religious paper of which he is the editor: "While.  we are opposed to the first day, we are;, bound to stand by those who,favor'dlosing the WOrld's Fair on: SUnday, beciuse In thatmatter it is 'a qUestiOn of thP observand6 of a day"or of no day "Šor words to that effect: " Ł In this tlic,1 Advocate's-zeal has got the bettor .zof itvdiicretion. Rev. Dr. Lewis Used-the language attributed to him;  nsither - did fitapp'ear-  _ in-. bia paper, the Outlook, !bnt in the =Sabbath -Recorder. The -author Was Rev: W. "C. Titsworth, —who _subsequently published over his-own , _   :_si gnature 'ay note in thi& paper, saying :7--: Will you kitidly 'allow :me to assume the re-sponsibility which belongs to the writer of the arti-cle, and say that it does not represent the editor; Dr. Platte,, and probably does not represent'many Seventh-day BaPtists correctly. In fact, the Re- Ł corder has published a criticism which may stand as the view of the majority of my people. The Advocate ought to correct its state-: ment, and should be more .careful in the future. Sunday-closing capital should not be manufactured from whole cloth. THE Chicago Journal Łremarks that " there is something almost pathetic, and yet not entirely devoid of innate fun, in the paroxysmal efforts of the dear ladies of the Women's Christian Temperance Union to explain, extenuate and deny Miss Willard's allegation that the bichloride of gold cure for drunkenness was boomed by the press simply to hurt the Prohibition Party. It appears at length to have dawned upon the minds of these ladies that hostility to a cure for drunkenness is not exactly in line with a movement for radical temperance reform." The trouble with the Women's Christian Temperance Union is that it is working more at politics now than at temperance reform. "SAY, did you ever notice what an awful noise it makes to saw stove-wood on Sun-day? We have."ŠExchange. And have you ever noticed that the noise is tenfold worse when the fellow who saws the wood doesn't belong to your church, and possibly does not recognize the sacred claims of the day ? Then, if he happens to keep some other day, the seventh, for instance, the noise becomes absolutely unbearable. It is wonderful what a microphone bigotry is. Wlay, only a few weeks since one or two small sewing machines operated on Sunday, by Jews in Brooklyn, disturbed a whole congregation of people in another building ! Intoler-ance is a mighty magnifier of sound. THE Young People's Society of Chris-tian Endeavor Committee on Sunday Clos-ing of the Columbian Exposition has is-sued a circular to the several State and Territorial Executive Committees, calling upon them to exert their influence to se-cure the decision of the Commissioners in favor of closing-the Fair on Sunday. Ł As a practical Means, if suggests that each State Executive Committee should seek to influence the State CoMmissionera from their b*n State, not only by public meet-ings, but : by ,priziateyinterviews. It is urged, also, that the State and District Conventions discuss= the question in their public mentingS; d_a'reN;ting taken that the matter be .piesented i a strong, clear and  enthtisiaStic Manner. " The suggeStion is also made that an effort be organized to " secure the passage by Congress of a bill forbidding Sunday opening. We would not insist upon the application, but the disposition manifested by both the Y. P. 5: C. E. and the W. C. T. U. to dictate, not only to the world, but to the church, is certainly suggestive of the thought that Isaiah 3:12 has direct reference to these two organizations : " As for my people, children are their oppressors, and women rule over them. 0, my people, they which lead thee cause thee to err, and destroy the way of thy paths." This describes the situation exactly. THE editor of the Twentieth Century says in his issue of the 17th ult. : I had occasion to spend last Sunday week in Toronto, Canada, and to see how quiet a city of two hundred thousand inhabitants can be made by religious rule. Not a horse-car is allowed to run. Not a store or shop of any kind is allowed to be open. Not a newspaper is allowed to be printed. Only one railroad train .is allowed to pass through the town. Not a postage stamp, or cigar, or glass of soda water can be bought. Few persons are seen on the street except in going to or from church. On Sunday the city appears deserted of inhabitants. If one is poor, no opportunities for pleasure are had. If one is rich, however, be may drive about in a carriage, or if a guest at a hotel, he may order drinks to his room. Religious rule has made Sunday a terror to the poor, unless one happens to enjoy going to church, walking about the quiet streets, reading, or sleeping. It is the same old story; Sunday laws always operate to oppress the weak. THE United Presbyterian published in Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, says :Š Some of the larger towns in the vicinity of Pitts-burg are showing an awakening on the subject of Sabbath desecration. Slowly and insidiously customs at variance alike with the civil law and the former habit have been making their way, until in some places there seemed to be hardly any limit to this form of lawlessness. The papers re-port vigorous action on the part of some officers to recover lost ground. The crying of " Sunday papers " is to be prohibited in Uniontown. It Would be well for all communities if zealous guard were maintained against the enemies of the rest day, under whatever guise they masquerade. It would be well also " for all com-munities, if zealous guard were main-tained against the enemies of " religious liberty "under whatever guise they mas-querade." THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN RIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, Divot= TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the . United States Constitution as it is, so tar as regards religion or religiouLteats, and the -mint*, nonce of buntah_rights, both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fa& Single Copy, .Per Year, postrpald, $1.00 . In clubs of 2 to 100'eopiesiper year, each, - . . gee;  In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 56. Ł . Address AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street,-  New York 