AMERICAN SENTINEL. 321 "`No matter what the consequences may be, I have issued this letter at God's command, and I am prepared to part with nine tenths of the fellowship should it be necessary.' "He allows no discussion. He declares that others `cannot know the needs of the field as I do here at head-quarters,' and he adds:Š "'I hereby solemnly call for the resignation of every member who wilfully disobeys these plain commands of God, and of myself as his overseer. "That human nature can long submit to such over-topping audacity we could not imagine had we not seen it actually exemplified in Utah. We are not surprised to see that last week two evangelists and one elder were `removed for cause.' His organization is likely to break down on the side of its very ambitious financial schemes, even as Archbishop Purcell nearly wrecked the Catholic Church in Cincinnati with his banking and his building. He says he has, in the ten years he has been in this coun-try, 'spent more than a million dollars in God's work,' and has used for himself and his family less than a quar-ter of a tithe of his incomeŠthat is, less than $25,000. When religion goes into great financial schemes it leads either to great tyranny or to a great collapse." The Constitution of American Imperialism.ŠNo. 6. BY JOHN D. BRADLEY. IN concluding this series of articles we desire to state briefly its principal points. 1. Power uncontrolled by law and dictated by will is arbitrary power. 2. It has been declared by leading men of every pro-fession, statesmen, editors, and publicists,Š"men of high standing in the nation, representing the bench, the bar, the press, the pulpit, the universities, and the great business interests,"Šthat so far as it has to do with the policy of the American Government to-day, or with con-trolling the action of the Government or the nation, the Declaration of Independence amounts to nothing more than the paper upon which it is written; and that the Constitution, the supreme and organic law of the nation, is absolutely without limitation or restraint upon the men whom it was made to bind. Many have said this, and it has been expressed in many ways, but this is exactly what has been said.* "Here is another expression which may be added to those quotations already given in these articles. On Sunday, May 7th, several large mass meetings were held in Chicago which were said to have been "a splendid demonstration of the loyalty of the people of Chicago to the Government of the United States in the performance of an unsought duty to humanity and civilization." At the largest of these mass meetings Dr. P. S. Henson, pastor of the First Baptist Church, in the course of "a vigorous speech," said:Š "As to that hallowed document which declares that all governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed, if that is to be literally construed there never was a greater falsehood palmed off by the devil upon a credulous world. It is not true of the government of God. . . . I do not think the principle will apply in a family. I am the father of a numerous progeny. I have not been accustomed to gather a congress of kids about my table to determine how the family should be run. And 3. However, the doctrine of arbitrary power is not to be left thus naked in the presence of the American people. The form of constitutional government is to continue. The Constitution of the fathers remains, but for altogether other purposes than those for which it was ordained and established. It becomes the robe for the hideous and repulsive deformities of will government. For this purpose it becomes "elastic" and "expansive" Š.-"the most expansive document ever written by the hand of man." As a garment for imperialism it is like the tent that Saladin gave to Richard. When it is folded it rests in a nutshell; when it is expanded whole armies can recline under its shade! 4. The sole use of this document is to "consecrate" and to "stamp legality" on all the acts of the men whom it does not bind. Its flexibility is determined alone by the demands of "time and occasion." When necessary "it can cover the world," and when necessary its most positive guarantees may be set at naught. We are given to understand its capacity for "contraction" by certain cases which it "contracted to suit." In these cases the trial by jury was denied and the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus was refused! 5. Therefore the very serious matter which concerns the American people just now is not the establishment of "stable" government in Asia, but the destruction of constitutional government in America. 6. The event which seven centuries have not dimmed and which is generally regarded as the most glorious in the annals of the English people was a complete and nations have their childhood just like infants. There never was a greater absurdity than the declaration that the people everywhere, regardless of character, regardless of advancement, of intelligence, and civilization, are fit subjects for popular government." He then refers to the civil war, at which time he says, "We shot that thing into smithereens." He says fur-ther: "You know whether all governments derive their just powers from' the consent of the governed depends very much upon the peopleŠthe kind of people. There are conditions of society, there are nationalities for the government of which the iron hand is better than the hydra-beaded mon-ster." This quotation goes to confirm what is already plainly evident, namely, that the representatives of the popular pulpit of this country are the very leaders in decrying and denouncing the principles of republican govern-ment. They go to greater lengths than anybody else in casting contempt and scorn upon the Declaration and the Constitution. This is natural; it is a case of "the logic of events." For years the representatives of the popular pulpit have been engaged in work which requires the repudiation of these principles. They have long demanded the substitution of "the iron hand" of despotism for the "hydro-headed monster" of free government Legislators under their influence have already repudiated the Protestant principles of the Constitution, and these representatives of the pulpit are only too glad to bring their influence to bear now in order that the princi-ples they have so long advocated may be carried to their full length by the repudiation of the republican principles of the Constitution. We will give two quotations to illustrate the point we are making. At a joint conven-tion of the National Reform Association, the State Woman's Christian Temperance Union, and the American Sabbath Union, held at Sedalia, Mo., May 23, 24, 1889, Rev. D. W. Gray, who was secretary of the conxention, made a speech, in which he said: "To appeal to divine authority in our leg-islation would be to fundamentally change the law of our land, or the prin_ ple adopted by our fathers, when they said that all governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed. I for one do not believe that as a political maxim. I do not believe that governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed. . . . Jefferson was under the influence of French ideas when the Constitution was framed, and that had something to do with leaving God out of the Constitution. . . . I see in this reform a Providence teaching us the necessity of recognizing something else besides the will 01 the people as the basis of government." And at the Chautauqua (N. Y.) Assembly in August following, Col. Elliott F. Shepard, speaking as president of the American Sabbath Union, said: "Governments do not derive their just powers from the consent of the gov-erned." (Italics supplied in above quotations.) 