294 'SHE AMERICAN SENTINL. individual doing all he can to advance the work of Sabbath reform, so that the public conscience shall be educated. Yet we do not believe in the doctrine of force and compulsory means to ac- complish this object. It was stated by a gentle‚ man, yesterday, in reply to a remark that I made, that the Sabbath was made for man, and therefore he would bring it in the province of the State to enforce its observance by the civil law. I want to say that the principle upon which I stand is this : That while the Lord said the Sab-bath was made for man, he still claims it as his holy day; he gave it to man as a day of rest to be promotive of man's highest good. At the same time, he never gave to man that right to enforce its observance upon others civilly. Now, let me cite a parallel : Paul says the woman was made for man. That is true; but will any of us say that because woman was made for man, therefore it is the province of civil government to say that every man must have a wife whether he wants one or not? Every one of us would say that it was uncivil to ask a man to allow us to force him to take a wife, whether he wants to or not, because the womati,was made for man. And so, it is equally true of,the Sabbath. The Sabbath was made for man, to be promotive of his highest good. But while that is true, it is equally true that it would be uncivil in us to ask a man to allow us to enforce upon him by law the observance of it whether he wanted it or not. Therefore, I say that the principle of equality of rights, as expressed in the Declaration of Inde-pendence that all men are created equal, and en-dowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights, among which are life, liberty and the pur-suit of happiness, is the true principle of civil government. Every man has an equal right to worship on any day he pleases, or not to worship, just as lie pleases as far as civil government has to do with him. Still God has his claims upon him, and by and by will call him to account for his failure to render obedience to him. And yet when we undertake to say that we will help God defend by law the things that belong to God, then we make ourselves guardians of God. In Judges 6: 25-32 we have an instance recorded where the people began thus to defend the things belonging to their idol god. And Joash said, "If he be a god let him plead for himself." Thus teaching the people that God was able to take care of himself. Now, it seems to me that it would be just the same way with reference to the Sabbath-day. In viewing it from this stand-point, believing, as an American citizen, I have an equal right with any other American citizen, and that no man has a right to say with refer-ence to our obligations to God, what I or any-body else shall do; then I say we have no right to gain the object of the article set forth in this first article of the proposed constitution. I want to make this simple statement, that the rights of the minority are as sacred as those of the major-ity, and should be equally respected. The only true principle of civil and religious liberty is my assertion of other people's rights, when I am in the majority as well as when I am in the minority. Thus every man has equal-ity of rights, as is said in the Declaration of In-dependence, in speaking with reference to this very question, all men are created equal and en-dowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rightsŠuntransferable rightsŠamong which are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Now, I have a_xight to my conscientious belief;__and. if  I should sanction the principle of this first article in this proposed constitution, understanding that it is to be enforced by law, then P would be sanc- tioning the principle involved in it, which, if car-ried out to its logical conclusion deprives some of my fellow-citizens of equality of rights. If a man gives up his right to. believe, he gives up his right to eternal life. The question is like this: If the majority have a right to decide with refer- ence to which day is the Sabbath, then, of course, the minority must submit to the decision of the majority. But this involves a matter of con- science. Would any of my brethren here think, if the Seventh-day Adventists or Seventh-day Baptists were in the majority that they had a right to enact a law compelling all those who conscientiously believe that the first day of the week is the Sabbath to close their shops on Sat-urday, as Mr. Crafts said last night, the seventh-day people should be compelled to close their shops on Sunday? But an exemption clause is proposed. What is an exemption clause ? It is a toleration clause. We have no right to give toleration clauses in the United States. That is an acknowledgment, if individuals are asking for it, that they nave not equality of rights. We believe that we have equal rights with any citi-zens of the United States, as a people. We be-lieve an infidel has equality of rights with us, and that he has the right to keep the Sabbath, or not to keep the Sabbath, so far as the State is concerned, equally with any other citizen. And so we believe we have the right to keep whichever day we want to keep, and then a right to go about our business quietly on Sunday as others have a right to do upon Saturday. 'Would you not think it a strange thing if Seventh-day Adventists and Seventh-day Baptists were trying to get a law to compel every-body to make Saturday a day of rest, lest others should disturb them in their worship' It is claimed that these workingmen cannot have a day of rest unless there is a law to secure it to them. I am in favor of educating these men's conscience so they can have this day of rest without this law. Is it a fact that it is im-possible for workingmen to have a day of rest if they want it, unless secured to them by law? I say it is not. Thousands of Seventh-day Adventists and Seventh-day Baptists, who are laboring men, have a day of rest every week without any law to secure it for them. And so can anyone else who sufficiently desires to. But this can be rightly accomplished only by properly educating the conscience of the laboring men. As I view it, this is the only true principle of gospel reform. And then with reference to the statement made last night byŁ1lr. Crafts, he spoke of Seventh-clay Baptists and Seventh-day Adventists being associated with anarchists, infidels, and rum-sellers in opposition to the movement to secure a Sunday-Rest law, and this fact ought to convince them that they are in the wrong! Is there any weight to such an argument? We go back eighteen hundred years, and Paul, in T Corin-thians 4, says that " we are counted the offscouring of all things." Then ought not Paul to have learned that he was wrong? But he did not. Our Saviour was denounced as a blasphemer and classed with thieves. Ought he not to have learned by that that he was wrong. Tf Mr. Crafts' argument be true he certainly should. But he did not. I want to say that when I come to look the field over, I find that the only true principle of civil government. is the principle of equal  rights to all citizens. And let the gospel pre-sented be a persuasive gospel; let it be a gospel of education, of persuasion, and of entreaty. A gospel of peace, but not a gospel of force. I want to say, my beloved fellow citizens, I believe in these principles. I want to say that I believe that the rights of conscience of the minority are' as sacred as those of the majority and should be equally respected. And I believe that the state-ment made by our Saviour in the Golden Rule is the true teaching of the gospel with reference to our relations in civil government. This leaves out the gospel of force. Our Saviour left it out, and we should leave it out. How He Looks at it. How do You? AT one-of his public meetings in California, the following question in writing was sent up to be answered by Field Secretary Crafts: " Which.' do you regard as the most detrimental to Cali-fornia, the presence of the open saloon, or the ab-sence of a Sunday law." His answer in substance-was, "Both are bad. Can I decide which is the worst, theft or mur!. der ?" His idea was that the absent SundayŁ  law is theft and the saloon is murder. Now we-agree that the saloon is a murderous institution, and a cold-blooded one at that, but that the ab-: sence of a Sunday law is in any sense theft is too, absurd for belief; and especially absurd is Mr.. Crafts' reasoning (?) in proof that it is theft... Many readers of the SENTINEL have heard that famous argument, so it iieed not be repeated here. The field secretary thinks that between murder and theft there can be no choice as to .veniality. They are both bad, and equally bad. One is no worse than the other. Then what must we un-derstand ? Just this: that the saloons of Califor-nia are no more detrimental to the State than is the absence of a Sunday law. They are no worse, no more hurtful to society. Yet he pub-licly declares himself a prohibitionist! This is not all. What is it that exists now that is so bad that a Sunday law would cure. 0 common business on Sunday and the Sunday saloon ! Then honest businessŠthe keeping open of an occasional shop and store, a farmer now and then plowing in his field, some picking of grapes and legitimate relaxation is to be ranked with the saloon and saloon-keeping ! People of-California will know from this on, that the field! secretary of the American Sabbath Union places: your honest industries, and your riding-out and! your other harmless diversions, on a par with the saloon traffic ! How do you like it ? N. J. BOWERS. IN the Christian iTatesman, December 22, 1887, Wm. Smith, lawyer, Janesville, Wisconsin, says : " By putting a God in the Constitution plank in the Prohibition platform you rule me out of that party. I am not opposed to prohibition but I am opposed to putting God in the Constitution." To which M. A. Gault replies, "How can you be an honest prohibitionist when you want a law with only the fallible, changing, conflicting will of the people behind it in preference to a law havŁ ing behind it, first, divine authority, nextbuman then the hope of heaven, next the fear of hell." We would like to ask who will enforce euch law. We would naturally suppose that, thoso:: who make the law would inflict itsprescriberl pen,' alty, viz., to send men to "hell" for disobedience. ŠW, in,Prohibition, Journal. 