AMERICAN SENTINEL_ 619 The fact is that we have given the Filipinos' every reason to distrust us, and they- are fighting for their own liberty. "Talk about hauling down* our flag! Will not our flag come down in Cuba? Certainly it will, if we are true to our promises. And the day that it comes down will be the biggest day in our history, because it will show that we are a great, unselfish nation, devoted to the eternal principles of right and honesty. If the Cubans want to be annexed later that is another question. Why can not we deal with the Filipinos in the same way?" The Golden Rule in Government. South African "Sentinel." A WRITER on the solution of certain questions re-cently said: "We have committed the Golden Rule to heart: now let us commit it to life." You may think this doesn't mean very much, but if you will stop to consider it, you will find it to be the very best solution of every difficulty between men, and between nations. It is the best solution of the question we have just been considering,Šthe eqality of rights in the Transvaal, irrespective of religious differences. Do you think it would aid any in the settlement of the differences between England and the Transvaal? Let us get this rule before us, that we may study it: "As ye would that men should do to you, do ye also to them likewise." Luke 6:31. I am quite sure that all existing difficulties could be settled by this rule, and that obedience to this rule would prevent difficulties. Let us see: Does any.  man wish to be deprived of his right to worship God according to his own convictions? Does he wish to be compelled to serve God as some one else may dictate? Then will he in any way lend his in-fluence to deprive others of this right, or compel them to adopt certain forms of worship? Certainly not! Com mitting this rule to life, then, guarantees religious lib-erty to every man. The people of the Transvaal would do well to study this divine rule, in view of the question that has been submitted to them for a year. Does any man wish to be deprived of his rights of citizenship, which includes the privileges and the protec-tion of the government, and a voice in its affairs locally and generally? It may be suggestive to inquire just here: What would be the need of governmental laws, if all would commit the Golden Rule to life? I would' then love my neighbor as myself; hence I would regard his property, his life, his character, his rights as sacred as my own,Šnot because the law compelled me thus to do, but because I committed the Golden Rule to life. Human governments enact laws regulating man's duty to his fellow-man, and this is necessary, because men have not committed the Golden Rule to life. But the Scripture is true, just the same: "The law is not  made for a righteous man, but for the lawless and diso-bedient, for the ungodly and for sinners;" and this is illustrated in the life of Christ in human flesh. He was a righteous man, not a sinner, so the law was not made for him. Could he therefore break it? and did he ignore human laws? By no means. He kept every just and right law; not because the law said "Thou shalt," and "Thou shalt not," but because he had committed to life the Golden Rule-because he loved his neighbor as him-self. But bear in mind that Christ did not obey human laws, when those laws brought him into conflict with his duty to God. The Lord has never sanctioned a law which would inflict punishment on a man who is not a sinner; there-fore no human law could rightfully have put Christ to death,Šnor can any human law rightfully inflict punish-ment upon a man who to-day obeys the law of God. The Golden Rule is the right basis of civil govern-ment; not that human laws can compel men to love their fellow-men, but they can compel them to respect their rights. True religion goes beyond this, however, for it leads its possessor to respect the rights of his neighbor, because he loves his neighborŠbecause he has com-mitted to life the principle which should govern the rela-tion of man to his fellowman. We still recommend this rule. In all the volumes of national law, nothing has ever yet been enacted to compare with the Golden Rule. In itself it covers every just law enacted by any and all gov-ernments. Let us again try committing it to life. 44+  Stepping-Stones in Crime. THE attitude of the London press demonstrates anew the familiar truth of history that for a nation res-olutely bent on criminal aggression the only difficulty is in beginning. Once the path of crime is entered upon one aggression leads to another. It is easier to advance than to go back or even to halt. Indeed, the forward impulse is usually accepted as a providential indication of manifest destiny. Thus the mere attempt by Great Britain to assert a repudiated "suzerainty" over the Transvaal has advanced to an open declaration of an-nexation, and the third step in crime is the destruction of the Orange Free State, a country over which even suzerainty is not claimed.ŠN. Y. World. -4,  THERE is to be held next year in Paris, in connection with the World's Fair, an international congress on Sunday Rest, of which we find the following mention in The Outlook:Š "In September, 1900, under the patronage of the French government, an international congress will be held on questions concerning Sunday as a legally and socially recognized day of rest. The sessions will be held in the Palais du Congres of the exhibition. The presi- 