192 THE AlVIERICA.N SENTINEL. Vol. 7, No. 24. 14,1u, NEW A. ''AS, "q 16, 1892. n  lea ,YD NOTE.ŠAny one receiving the .4 SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that 3.A. , sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. IT is stated that some of the members of the Springville, Tenn., Seventh-day Adventist Church, recently convicted of maintaining a nuisance by Sunday work, have been again indicted. Indictments have also been found against other mem-bers of the same church. It is openly the avowed purpose of the Prosecuting Attorney to " put a stop to that Sunday desecration." THE Supreme Court of the State of Georgia has decided, in an appealed case from the Superior Court of Houston, Ga., that the statute making it a misdemeanor to hunt any kind of game with gun or dogs, or both, on Sunday, does not violate the Constitution of the State or the United States; and also holds that "Sunday," and " the Sabbath day," are synonymous in the legal and legislative language of Georgia. Š0Š THE demand made by Sunday-keepers that those who observe the seventh day shall also keep Sunday, is no more reason-able than was the like demand made by Nebuchadnezzar that the three Hebrews who worshiped Jehovah, should also bow down to the golden image which he had set up. The king did not forbid the wor-ship of the living God; he only required a very slight and formal acknowledgment of his god and of his religion. The parti-sans of Sunday are less modest in their demands than was the heathen king. Š0--- THE light fine imposed by the Judge in the case of the four Adventists, referred to on another 'page of this paper, must not be understood as -indicating a purpose on his part to discourage the prosecution of such cases or the finding of indictments for Sunday work. On the contrary, the Judge warned the prisoners that if they persisted in Sunday work in the future, the situation would resolve itself into a question of the relative strength of the law and of those who violated it, and that in such a contest the Court could take but one course. ŠOŠ WE are reliably informed that a number of indictments for Sunday work will be found against Seventh-day Adventists, at the next term of the circuit court in Obion County, Tenn. In fact, the Attorney-General told one of the editors of this paper that lack of time alone prevented the finding of such indictments by the last Grand Jury, and that, " at Ł the next term of court every man of them will be indicted." The Attorney-General also said : " Every man, woman, and child of them [the Adventists] that works on Sun-day will be prosecuted until they quit it." Š0-- ONE of the most contemptible features of the recent Sunday cases in Henry County, Tenn., was that brethren were made to testify against brethren. Though the work done was alleged to be a great an-noyance to the people of the county, not one witness was found to testify that he was annoyed by it; and in only two in-stances had anybody but Adventists, who were themselves at work, seen the defend-ants at work on Sunday. They only sup-posed that it was their habit to work on Sunday because they were known to rest upon the seventh day. The indictments were found against " five of the leading members of the Seventh-day Adventist Church;" not upon evidence that they worked on Sunday, but simply because of the tact that they belonged to that church; and then the indictments were supported and four of the defendants convicted on evidence wrung from their brethren in the church. WHAT is the lesson of the logic of the events chronicled in the last few issues of THE SENTINEL ?Šthe Supreme Court dec-laration that this is a Christian Nation; judicial decisions that Sunday is the Sab-bath; the result of the vote in the House of Representatives on the Sunday ice bill, and the Sunday closing at the World's Fair; the many hundred arrests under the Sunday laws all over the country; and the prosecution of honest, simple hearted, Christian men for persecution's sake! Who will take heed and learn? THE Christian Statesman virtually admits that its cry of "Anarchy," amounts to nothing, when it says :Š Those who cry " Blue Laws," thereby proclaim for themselves the red laws of anarchy. After the com-munity has incurred all the expense of making laws, they teach that every man shall use them as a bill of fare, skipping all he does not like. That is straight anarchy. Not " dirt," but defiance of the law, marks the anarchist, and anarchy is more blamable in a washed and educated American than it is in a dirty, ignorant foreigner, raised in despotism, where law itself is lawless. Admit that law itself, may be " lawless-ness," and the whole question stands just where it ought to, namely, on the merits of the law. Does the Statesman think that the Fugitive Slave Law ought ever to have been obeyed ? Does it think that laws permittintŁ and legalizing slavery ever gave the slayeholder any just prop-erty rights in human flesh and blood ? If not, how can it be that law can take from A one seventh part of his time and give it into the custody of B ? A man's time is his own just as much as is his body, and only God has a right to demand that a portion of it be rendered back to him who gave it. Human " Sabbath laws " are blasphemous because they seek to do that which only God has any right to do. Š0Š THOSE who cry " Blue Laws " do not, as the Statesman asserts, " thereby pro-claim for themselves the red laws of anar-chy." Blue Laws are codified injustice; anarchy is disorganized injustice, or the tyranny of brute force. The one is little better than the other. Whatever differ-ence there is is in favor of disorganized in-justice, for where injustice is done by in-dividuals without the color of the law it is short lived. Where it is supported by law it has an appearance of respectability that prolongs its wicked reign. Š0Š THE Hampden (Mass.) Conference of Ł Congregational churches, at its recent an-nual meeting at the First Church, Spring-field, adopted, among others, the following resolutions :Š WHEREAS, we believe one of the causes which specially operates to keep business men and clerks from Sunday worship is bodily weariness produced by one's work on Saturday nights, therefore, Resolved, That we, the members of the Hampden County conference, hereby enter our protest against the common practice of doing all their trading upon Saturday night, and that in the interest of a better Sabbath observance we earnestly recommend that the members of our churches plan to do all their shopping before 8 o'clock Saturday night. Resolved, That we hereby request the btuiness men in the communities we represent to favor the early closing of their places of business, and as far as possible to influence the opinions of others in favor of this movement. Resolved, That we recommend to employers that they should make some other day than Saturday the day for the payment of wages to employes, in order that the purchases of family stores may be made earlier in the week than is now common. Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be fur-nished to the press, and that another copy be sent to the General Association, with the request that that body may take suitable action upon the same subject. Thus everything is to be made to bend to Sunday observance. How long at this rate will it be until the State will be asked to make laws in harmony with the under-lying thought of these resolutions, for instance, that some other day than Satur-day be made pay day, and all civic affairs be regulated so as to enforce the remem-brance of the civil injunction to observe Sunday ? TIIE AMERICAN SENTINEL, A WEEKLY PAPER Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, post-paid, $1.00. In clubs of less than 100 copies, per year, each, - - 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - Is. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City 