THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 31 will subvert the Constitution to get it. That seems to us a queer sort of proceeding for men of sound minds. 2. "A recognized standard of law and mor-als so as to know by what God to swear witnesses, and to furnish definitions for public vices and crimes." As there has never yet been any difficulty in knowing by what God to swear witnesses; and as the law already furnishes definitions for all public vices and crimes, it would seem that this want stands on about the same level _as the other one, and that agitation to obtain it is agitation to get what we alreaily " have 'and have had from the first." GROUNDLESS FEARS. 3. " We wish for a Constitutional barrier against the religion of Dahomey, which cele-brates the king's birthday by piling up human heads." Well did anybody ever I What in the world has our 'Constitution to do with erecting a barrier against, the celebration of the birth-day of the king of Dahomey ? Is the editorial staff of the Cynosure, or are the National Reformers, afraid that the king of Dahomey is going to send an expedition all the way to the United States to get human heads to pile up in celebration of his birthday? and are they afraid that he will select their heads out of all the sixty-five millions here ? If they are very sore afraid, we can re-assure them by assuring them that such an attempt on the part of the king of Dahomey, or any other king, would be an invasion of this country; and there is now a " Constitutional barrier " against invasions. Clause 16, of Section VIII of Article I, declares that Congress shall have power, " To provide for calling forth the militia to execute the laws of the Union, suppress insurrection, and repel invasions." But should the terrible king of Dahomey succeed in sinking our navy, and in eluding our militia, and should he actually capture the editorial staff of the Cynosure or some other of the National Reformers, there is still an- other "Constitutional barrier" against him, for clause 11, of the same Section before cited, declares that Congress shall have power, " To declare war, grant letters of marque and reprisal, and make rules CONCERNING CAPTURES on land and water." Oh, dear Cynosure, you and all your fellow " Reformers " are perfectly and constitutionally safe from being compelled to bear any part in the sanguinary celebration of the birthday of the king of Dahomey. As for the rest of us we will all willingly take our chances, rather than to risk the rule of a National Reform regime. So as this seems to be the most instantly and really urgent of all your "wants," and as there is now a double " Constitutional barrier " to protect you, you might just as well stop all further agitation for your National Reform Amendment. But there is yet one more want that the trembling and affrighted Cynosure utters. 4. "We wish to exclude from our court-houses Chinese oaths, sworn by yellow paper and dead cocks' heads, and the secret oaths to have throats cut and bodies mangled to enforce partiality or protection for criminals and concealment of crime." We cannot possibly see how the ends of justice would be promoted by compelling the- Chinese to testify upon an oath that would be no more to him, than one " by yellow paper and dead cocks' heads " would be to the editor of the Cynosure. To the Chinese such an oath is as sacred, as is the regular judicial oath to the average American ; and to compel him to abandon an oath which to him is sacred, and take one which, if anything at all to him, is profane, what more surety, what more ground, would there be upon which to rest confidence that he was telling the truth ? Instead of there being any more, there would be a good deal less,Šin fact there would be no such surety at all. The trouble is, the National Reformers cannot see anything but that all our courts must be courts of theology and tests of faith, instead of courts of law and tests of truth and justice. As for " the secret oaths to have throats cut and bodies mangled " etc., we did not know before that there was any need of a Constitutional Amendment to exclude these from our court-houses, because we never be-fore beard, nor do we now believe, that either our courts or our court-houses, administer, entertain, or include any such oaths. It is probable, though, that in this the Cynosure intended a stroke at Masonry, but it is made in such a blundering way that unless the reader were acquainted with the reason of the existence of the Cynosure, he would not de-tect the object of its aim. We do not believe that there is either righteousness or propriety in secret oaths, but even though there were a Constitutional Amendment prohibiting them, we should like to know how it could be made effective without the establishment of an inquisition to pry into the secrets of every man's life, and worm out of him, or force from him, the confession of his secret oath. And as between Masonry and even such an inqui-sition, we desire rather to take our chances against the danger from the secret oath, rather than against the danger which would inevitably inhere in such an inquisition. WHO IS SINCERE ? The Cynosure closes by saying:Š " We can scarcely regard him [that is, the SENTINEL] as sincerely believing that we would ' call all the bayonets of this mighty nation' to aid us in voting into our Constitu-tion what our fathers intended to and sup-posed they had put there." That is not exactly what the SENTINEL said. We did not say that they would call all the bayonets of the nation, to aid in voting into the Constitution what they want, but in sup-port of their National Reform " kingdom of Christ" after they have voted it in. But the difference is very slight, and we are not sure but that they will do the one as well as the other, before they get through with their National Reform scheme. As for the sincerity of our belief on this point, we can assure the Cynosure that our belief of it is just as sincere as is the National Reform avowal of it. And that avowal by no less an authority than National Reform Dis-trict Secretary, Rev. M. A. Gault, is made in these words:Š Ł " Whether the Constitution will be set right*  on the question of the moral supremacy of God's law in government without bloody revolution, will depend entirely upon the  strength and resistance of the forces of anti-Christ." And again:Š " It cost us all our civil war to blot slavery out of our Constitution, and it may cost us another war to blot out its infidelity." Now we do sincerely believe that bloody revolutions are not accomplished without the use of bayonets; and we actually know that slavery was not blotted out without calling into active and bloody use all the bayonets of this mighty nation. Therefore as the Na- tional Reformers coolly and deliberately con-template the, alternative of a bloody revolu- tion, and a war as terrible as our civil war, we do sincerely believe that, if it could not be done without, they would call all the bayonets of this mighty nation to aid in the accomplish- ment of that wicked work upon which they have set their hearts. Dear Cynosure, you ought to read up on National Reform. You don't understand it very well. For your own benefit, and that you may really understand the principles of National Reform, we urge you to read the AMERICAN SENTINEL. We "sincerely believe" you ought to. A. T. J. NEW HISTORICAL ATLAS AND GENERAL HISTORY. BY ROBERT H. BARBERTON. As A. CLASS TEXT-BOOK it is superior to any other in Unity, Brevity, Clearness, Logical Arrangement, and Suggestiveness. As A REFERENCE Boox it should be in the Library of every school-room in the country; every Student of History should possess a copy. In your Reading Circle or at home when you wish to consult an Atlas you need a map for a particular date. Your modern Atlas will not give it. This is the only Atlas which has a map for every period. A MAP for any particular date can instantly be found by any-one, each map having over it in figures, the year or period it covers. It is the only Atlas in which each nationality has, and always retains, its own distinctive color; hence every period has a map, and they are progressive, forming in themselves a pan-orama of events effective in the highest degree. NEW MAPS OF ANCIENT EMPIRES. It contains, now made for the first time, maps of the Chaldean, Elamitic, Egyptian, Kossean, Armenian, Hittite, and Assy-rian Empires. The text is brief, suggestive, fascinating, but gives in an at-tractive form the leading events in the history of the world (not a bundle of particular histories), free from unnecessary de-tails. It has an index. Labberton's New Historical Atlas and General History is indispensable to Libraries, Reading Circles, School Officers, Teachers, Students, etc. It contains 198 Maps, printed in col-ors, 30 Genealogical Charts, and is complete in one volume, 4to. Cloth, 312 pages. Sent by Mail or Express, prepaid, for $2.50. Address, PACIFIC PRESS, Oakland, Cal. GOOD I-I A MONTHLY MAGAZINE. GOOD HEALTH IS emphatically a Family Journal, being cheap, plain, and practical, qualities which have won for it the largest circulation of any Health Journal in America. It is devoted to iii reforms, but is ultra in none. It is unpartisan and unsec-tarian. Its only creed is nature's laws. It treats of Health, Temperance, General Literature, Science, and many other in-teresting and practical subjects; it is a live journal, and every way adapted to the wants of the family. There is something in it for everybody. Price, $1.00 a year. Address, GOOD HEALTH, Battle Creek, Mich.  THE Taual-3 FOUND. THE NATURE AND OBLIGATION OF THE SABBATH OF THE FOURTH COMMANDMENT. BY ELD. J. H. WAGGONER. Tsui title of this little book sufficiently explains its character. It contains more scriptural information in regard to the Sab-bath than any otner book of twice the size, and yet i t is so sim-plified as to be easily comprehended. The author quotes the opinions of many learned men concerning the Sabbath, and their conflicting theories are strongly contrasted with the clear, straightforward teaching of the Bible. 64 pp. Price, 10 cents. Address, PACIFIC PRBSS. 0811=14  Cal. 