AMERICAN SENTINEL. 149 This, of course, is a plain intimation that what " we desire, looking at it as Christians from a religious stand-point," is hoped for'from legislation in the future. And what else is to be expected but that preachers and church people will look at the matter "from a religious stand-point," and will be moved in the matter by motives aris-ing from religious belief? Why has the movement for a legalized weekly rest day been inaugurated and controlled by the churches and religious societies, if the motives behind it are not of a religious character? It will be noticed that this proposed bill does not specify any day of the week as the day of rest; but it is assumed in the circular that "if this bill becomes a law it will make it the interest of all incorporated companies in the State to reduce their Sunday labor to a min-imum." However this may be, or whatever the reason which makes this a one-day-in-seven bill instead of a direct Sun-day bill, the fact remains that no legislation can be proper on the subject of a weekly day of rest. A weekly rest is a matter which the Creator himself took into con-sideration at the close of creation. and which is entirely covered by his own Sabbath law, the fourth command-ment. That law applies to every individual of mankind; it is the best law for a weekly rest that could possibly be made, and is in full force at the present time. Hence there is neither occasion nor room for human legislation on the subject. By any attempt at this, man will only invade the prerogatives of God. 1,-04-* A Protest Against Religious Legislation BY CITIZENS OF THE COMMONWEALTH OF CONNECTICUT EFFORTS to induce the legislature of Connecticut to enact new legislation in the interests of Sunday observ-ance, have prompted seventh-day observers in that State to protest to the governor and legislature against such measures, on the ground ok,..their unjust character, and of the guaranties of relit';, freedom contained in the National and State coast ons. The protest calls atten r n to the principles of justice and liberty upon which this Government was founded, as indicated in the Declaration of Independence, the Consti-tution, the Great Seal of the United States, which pledges "a new order of things," the writings of Jefferson, Wash-ington, and others; and to the following definite provis-ion of the constitution of Connecticut upon the point in question:Š " ARTICLE 1, SEC. 3. The exercise and enjoyment of religious profession and worship, without discrimination, shall forever be free to all persons in this State, provided the right hereby declared and established shall not be so construed as to excuse acts of licentiousness, or to justify praCtices inconsistent with the peace and safety of the State. " SEC. 4. No preference shall be given by the law to any Christian sect, or mode of worship." The protest cites recent cases of religious persecution under Sunday laws in  Tennessee and elsewhere, and quotes the following in reference to Sunday from a de- cision by Chief ,Justice Welch, of the Ohio Supreme Court :Š " The General Assembly of Ohio is not a guardian of the sanctity of the day. If it may protect the first day of the week from desecration because it is the Christian Sabbath, it may in like manner protect the sixth day because it is the holy day of the Mohammedan; and the seventh day because it is the Sabbath of the Jew and Seventh-day Baptist." NATURE OF TRUE SABBATH OBSERVANCE. The nature of true Sabbath observance is set forth by the protest in the following:Š "The repeal of Sunday laws does not mean the aboli-tion of the Sabbath. It means that the Sabbath shall be what God designed it to be, a free-will recognition of God's authority over the conscience, and therefore a dis-tinguishing sign of those people who really worship God. The Bible says:Š " It is a sign between me and you. . . . that ye may know that I am the Lord which doth sanctify you.' " When that sign is enforced by arbitrary authority upon all, it ceases to be a sign of the sincere worshiper of God, and become a sign of the slavish submission of the soul to the State. It has been demonstrated in this na-tion, that religion and religious institutions have never been so prospered as when kept to themselves, without any aid or support from the State. Neither is it reason-able to suppose that this principle would be reversed in the matter of Sabbath observance, but that the claims of the Sabbath would receive far greater respect if only Christian methods were used to bring the institution be-fore the people, instead of the medheval method of force. In proof of this we would quote an extract from an article in the New-York Observer, by `Holloway,' correspondent from California, where there are no Sunday laws. Speak-ing of San Francisco, he says:Š " ' Labor of all kinds can be carried on without.hin_ drance. But while there is an absence of all Sunday laws, we must not draw the conclusion that there is no respect paid to the Lord's day. Truth compels us to state that San Francisco is a sabbath-keeping city. The drift is plainly in that direction. With very rare exceptions, you will find as much order and quiet in the streets as in some of our most favored Eastern cities. Those who knew California twenty years ago, now witness a far dif-ferent order of things. The mass of the people respect and keep the Lord's day. No merchant of any respecta-bility keeps his store open on the sabbath.' FUTILITY OF SUNDAY LAWS. Of the futility of Sunday laws, the protest says:Š "In 1885 Mr. Crafts published his book, 'The Sab-bath for Man.' In this book he relates that in order to obtain a world-wide view of sabbath observance, he corresponded with many people in different parts of the world, asking them among other questions, the fol-lowing:Š 