15g A.AmnicAN gENPEN-m,. VOL. 8, No. 20. parallel to this holiday theory of Sunday laws is found in ' Nicholas Nickleby,' where Mr. Squeers, finding one of his pupils depressed, moistens his right hand, takes a fresh grip on his rattan, and ob-serves, `Cheerfulness and contentment must be kept up. Moggs, come here.' The language of the Sunday laws no less than their provisions, shows conclusively that they are religious dogmas incorpo-rated into the statutes, and nothing else whatever. Take the section under which Mr. Baker has been prosecuted; you will see that it describes the day as ' The Lord's day.' Now this phrase embodies Several propositions which belong solely to the domain of religion, and the use of this phrase involves a preference by the State in the matter of religion, and the enforcement of a law based upon this con-ception of the day, constrains the citizen in a matter of religion. For instance, these are all religious questions, and re-ligions questions onlyŠfirst, whether there is or is not a Lord; second, whether there is or is not such a day as the ' Lord's day;' third, whether any special line of conduct is obligatory upon men upon that day as distinguished from other days; fourth, the most important of all to my client, the plainly religious question, What is the ' Lord's day' ? All these things lie embodied in this section of our Sunday law and stamp it with the charac-ter of religious legislation in direct de-fiance of the provisions of our bill of rights. "I will go further and say that the ad-vocates of Sunday lawsŠI mean the ex-treme fanatical advocates of such lawsŠrecognize them in their own minds as embodying the union of their Church with the State, and care for them in no other aspect whatever. With many of these people it is a case of shameless, intellect-ual dishonesty, which is, in my humble judgment, one of the greatest crimes being committed against the human soul. When they pretend that they attach the slightest value to Sunday laws in their holiday aspect they are guilty of false pretenses and are urging arguments in which they take not the slightest interest themselves, which have not the slightest weight in influencing their position, because they believe that these arguments will address themselves with some force to other peo-ple. All history past and present shows that this is true. " You must bear in mind that our American Sunday laws all have their origin in the established Church of Brown-ism, which was set up in this country by the Pilgrim Fathers. The Brownists were the sect of a sect, being the offshoot of the Puritan school of ecclesiastics in the English Church. Men of their ex-treme views passed the first Sunday laws to which our colonial acts are to be re-ferred. The first of these laws in Eng-land was not directed against work at all, but against travel. The second of them was not directed against work at all, but against sports and pastimes. It was only after a number of years that it dawned upon the English Puritans that work on what they called the Sabbath ought to be punished as well as play. If we come down to present times we shall find those who are chiefly active in instigating pros- ecutions under our Sunday laws pay more attention to pastimes and pleasures of other people than they do to other work on Sunday. For instance, they are far more excited and inflamed by a Sunday  excursion than they are by the work on Monday's newspapers, which is all done on Sunday. They are more offended by a game of baseball in the suburbs than by the running of horse cars in the midst of the city. In fact, I think there are good grounds for the position that if the ex-treme advocates of Sunday laws were given their choice whether to dispense with the prohibition of play or the pro-hibition of work, they would prefer to have the play forbidden and have the work go on. THE QUESTION NOT OF DOCTRINE, BUT OF THE STATE'S RIGHT TO ENFORCE DOCTRINE. " I would like to add that the Seventh-day Adventists desire no more recognition of their particular faith at the hands of the court than they do at the hands of the legislathreŠthat is to say, they do not ask or expect any court to declare as be- tween them and other denominations the question of what is the Sabbath, nor would they recognize the decision of any court upon that question. The point is that to compel them to appeal to the court on the strength of their particular reli-gious belief is to infringe upon their rights of conscience, because they are re-sponsible to no court for that belief, and no court has the right either to ask them what it may be or to decide between it and other religions. While they claim, and rightly claim to be the champions of religious equality for all the people, and claim, and rightly claim that their cause is really the cause of every Church which claims to be Christain and wishes to keep so by keeping free from contact with civil power, yet it does happen that the Brown-ist dogma embodied in the Sunday law presses upon them with greater hardship than upon our Hebrew fellow-citizens and others, because it not only compels them to be idle on one day at the command of the civil power in addition to the day which they observe, not as one of idleness but one of devotion to duties of religion, but it also demands of them an outward compliance with a religious doctrine which they believe to be expressly contradictory to the Scriptures and to true Christian be-lief. And this constraint is laid upon them without the slightest reference to any social aspect of their conduct upon Sunday or the question of whether any-body else is in any way interfered with by it. Surely the ultimate verdict of the American people will be that it is a cruel and wanton proceeding for the State not only to embody in her statutes a religious dogma but to use the police power to en-force an outward deference to that dogma by citizens who believe such deference to be sinful, and for the State to do this when it is not demanded by any social consideration whatever. NOT NECESSARY AS A POLICE MEASURE. "Allow me one word more. It is ab-solutely false that there is any difference whatever in the police conditions required on Sunday and the police conditions re-quired on any other day. It is absolutely false as well as insulting to all pious per-sons to pretend that they do not discharge the duties of private and public devotion on other days as well as Sundays. Prayer meetings, revivals, church gatherings of every sort are constantly held on week days, and nobody claims that they are not quite as satisfactory to those who hold them as similar proceedings on Sundays.  And I will say also that it is absolutely false to pretend that any different police conditions are required for the peaceable and orderly conducting of a religious meeting from the police conditions which are required for the similar holding of any other kind of meeting. The right of the people peaceably to assemble for re-ligious or any other purposes at all times will be protected by the police independ-ent of Sunday laws. If, therefore, all such laws were repealed the people who hold religious exercises upon Sunday would be no more disturbed than they now are. And as these laws are evidently not passed either for holiday or police pur-poses, it follows once more that they are religious dogmas embodied in American statutes, and nothing more or less. This is the view which, if possible, the Inter-national Religious Liberty Association will finally see adopted by the American courts."ŠCenterville (Md.) Record, May 6, .1893. Ł The Government Government Surrendered to Ro-man Catholicism. IT is a subject too well understood to need elucidation in this connection, that the Roman Catholic Church is exerting her utmost power to obtain control of our Government. This, however, she could never succeed in accomplishing single-handed or by direct attempt; but Protest- antism, so-called, under the guise of a National Reform organization with its numerous allies, losing sight of proper methods of evangelization, has itself ea-gerly sought to obtain control of the Gov- ernment (the very thing she detests in the Romish Church) in the interests, and for the enforcement by national authority of the so-called Christian Sabbath or Sunday, an institution which she has received as a heritage from Rome. Seeing in that church a possible ally of great power on the question of Sunday ob-servance, she has made overtures of a union on that basis, has been accepted, and they have become consolidated. In that act she has surrendered herself to Catholicism, has ceased to be Protestant, and is become an ally of the Roman Cath-olic Church. In other words, the daugh-ters have become reconciled to the mother. Rev. 17 :5. This Pago-papal-protestant-ism having obtained control of the Government in the year 1892, Rome will be quite content to stand aside and smil-ingly view the genuflections of the so-called Protestant multitudes to the tinsel-bedecked image of herself, and to see them all receive and wear a badge of her authority, knowing, according to her own tenets, that such adoration is equivalent to worship of herself. The following quotation is a brief statement of Roman Catholic doctrine upon this point :Š Question, What is the doctrine of the church with regard to pictures or images of Christ and his saints ? Answer, . . . That there is a relative honor due to them, by reason of the persons whom they represent. . . Q. What do you mean by this relative honor ? A. By a relative honor I mean an honor which is given to a thing, not for any intrinsic excellence or dignity in the thing itself, but only for the rela-tion which it has to something else, which it repre-sents or brings to our remembrance.ŠCatholic Christian, pages 230, 231. All the people of this land are very soon to be brought to the point of deciding as to whether they will surrender loyalty to the Constitution as our fathers framed it, and to the law of God, or maintain their 