644. AMERICAN SENTINEL. American $entinei. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 13, 1898. THE, party who are seeking to es-tablish religion in the Constitution must tear out of it the guarantees of religious liberty and equality before the law, to make room to put their conception of God into it. NOTICE what is said on another page about the crushing spirit which dominates army life, and which af-fects even the army chaplain as it does the men. That is the spirit of militarism, and it dominates the religion as it does everything else connected with the military organi-zation. AN understanding of what the churches teach officially regarding the obligation of Sunday observance is essential to a proper appreciation of the consistency of the churches' 'attitude in the matter of Sunday leg-islation. It is with this point in view that we are publishing the compila-tion of church teachings on this sub-ject. THE pope has sprung a surprise upon the promoters of the czar's universal peace congress. Two Ital-ian journals published in Rome, speaking for the Vatican, have pro-nounced as follows:Š "Disarmament implies peace; but how can continued peace in Europe be guaranteed so long as the ques-tion of the pope's temporal power is left open?" Sure enough! How could it be ex-pected that the pope would consent to continue a "prisoner" in the Vat-ican just for the sake of universal peace? Statesmen should have thought of this before. The pope must be restored to temporal power or there will be no peace. The light in which the pope by this act has placed himself is indicated by the Tribuna, in calling attention to the "dreadful fact," that "while all the powers of Europe are dream- ing of universal peace, the chief of the Catholic Church, who claims to represent Christ on earth, alone preaches war." THE ends of justice can hardly be secured by conducting an investiga-tion to determine the responsibility for the suffering and deaths in the army camps, as is now being done, behind closed doors. If the people are the rulers in this country, it is their right and their business to know what is being done in their name by their servants in political office. THE State of Mississippi has ap-pealed to the Federal Government for 'help to cope with yellow fever, which is spreading in a number of citis and towns. Strict quarantine regulations which are enforced against the infected district have caused much distress within the state, and thousands are threatened with starvation. This is one of the latest fruits of the war. LIFE means progress, and progress means the frequent shocking of old ideas and traditions by new doc-trines. Suchintellectual commotions should be welcomed, and not sought to be suppressed, as is so frequently done. China furnishes the world to-day an illustration of the effect of long continuance in the old ruts of thought and custom.. There has been no disturbance of the intellectual re-pose of China for hundreds of years, and as a consequence, there has been-no progress, and the great empire finds itself at last without strength, and an easy prey to the aggressive nations, around it. A. SERIOUS Indian uprising in the Northwest has been suppressed by the troops after considerable blood-shed and loss of life. The trouble, it is stated, is due to the scant curtesy with which the Indians are treated by the authorities of the Govern-ment. In the present case they feared that they would be removed from  their lands without compensation for their labor in building homes and adding other improvements on their farms; and this fear appears to have been well grounded. As a daily of this city observes, "Such an injustice would not have been the first wrong of the kind inflicted upon Indian tribes by our authorities. More than one bloody war has sprung from this very cause." "To pick them up and move them on whenever white specu-lators covet their lands is a wrong like those that have brought retribu-tion upon Spain." WE are promised a resumption of the contributions which were wont to appear in our columns from Mr. A. T. Jones, and Mrs. S. M. I. Henry. A SECT which calls itself the "Church of America," and seems to be of rather recent origin, presents a striking illustration of the ten: dency of the times to combine reli-gion with politics and with whatever Stands for respectability in worldli-ness. The "primate and first bishop" of the church, whose portrait ap-pears in the FraternalMonitor, "is a member of the Independent Order of Mechanics, Improved Order of Red Men, Ancient Order of Druids, An-cient Free and Accepted Masons;" and also "deputy grand representa-tive," of "the Royal Masonic Rite in the thirty-third and ninety-fifth de-grees, grand representative of A. and P. Rite of Memphis," and "a mem-ber of three Masonic bodies in Brook-lyn in the Ancient and Accepted Scot-tish Rite," etc. The Monitor men-tions that "the first mission church will be opened for public worship"Šwhereabouts not statedŠ"about Oc-tober 30;" that President McKinley has been invited to attend the open-ing service. "A young lady will sprinkle holy water around the church building, which will be called St. Paul Mission." Its bishop is certainly well qualified as a ceremonialist. PRAYERS that are mixed with sel-fish desires are too heavily weighted to rise high. 