12 THE AMERICAN wS. EINTIDINT.". up. In New York laws were issued against them in 1662, in Virginia in 1664. With the beginning of the eighteenth century the per-secution greatly abated. They were released from. tithes in 1727 in Massachusetts, in 1729 in New Hampshire and Connecticut, but not before 1785 in Virginia. The spread of their principles was greatly hindered by these per-secutions." In Bancroft's " History of the United States," we find an account of the struggle which Roger Williams and the Baptists had for religious liberty. Since the National Re- formers are desirous of having this country sustain the same relation to religion which it did then, we quote quite largely from those chapters. In the following paragraphs the reader will find a very correct picture of the result of National Reform principles:Š "A fugitive from English persecution, he had revolved the nature of intolerance, and had arrived at its only effectual remedy, the sanctity of conscience. In soul matters, he would have no weapons but soul weapons. The civil magistrate should restrain crime, but never control opinion; should punish guilt, but never violate inward freedom. The principle contained within itself an entire reformation of theological jurisprudence; it would blot from the statute-book the felony of non-con-formity; would quench the fires that persecu-tion had so long kept burning; would repeal every law compelling attendance on public worship; would abolish tithes and all forced contributions to the maintenance of religion; would give an equal protection to every form of religious faith; and never suffer the force of the Government to be employed against the dissenter's meeting-house, the Jewish syna-gogue, or the Roman cathedral. In the un-wavering assertion of his views, he never changed his position; the sanctity of con-science was the great tenet, which, with all its consequences, he defended, as he first trod the shores of New England; and, in his ex-treme old age, it was the last pulsation of his heart. The doctrine was a logical consequence of either of the two great distinguishing prin-ciples of the Reformation, as well of justifica-tion by faith alone as of the equality of all believers; and it was sure to be one day ac-cepted. by the whole Protestant world. But it placed the young emigrant in direct opposi-tion to the system of the founders of Massa-chusetts, who were bent on making the State a united body of believers." "The Government avoided an explicit rupt-ure with the Church of England; Williams would hold no communion with it on account of its intolerance; 'for,' said he, 'the doctrine of persecution for cause of conscience is most evidently and lamentably contrary to the doc-trine of Christ Jesus.' The magistrates in-sisted on the presence of every man at public worship; Williams reprobated the law; the worst statute in the English code was that which did but enforce attendance upon the parish church. To compel men to unite with those of a different creed, he regarded as an open violation of their natural rights; to drag to public worship the irreligious and the un-willing seemed only like requiring hypocrisy. 'Au unbelieving soul is dead in sin,' such was his argument; and to force the indifferent from one worship to another 'was like shifting a dead man into several changes of apparel.'  No one should be bound to worship, or,' he added, to maintain a worship, against his own consent.' What I exclaimed his antagonists, amazed at his tenets; 'is not the laborer worthy of his hire?' Yes,' replied he, 'from them that. hire him.' "The magistrates were selected exclusively from the members of the church; with equal propriety, reasoned Williams, might a doctor  of physick or a pilot' be selected according to his skill in theology and his standing in the church."ŠChap. 9, par. 54, 70, 71. "Anabaptism was to the establishment a dangerous rival. When Clarke, the pure and tolerant Baptist of Rhode, Island, one of the happy few who have connected their name with the liberty and happiness of a common-wealth, began to preach to a small audience in Lynn, he ,was seized by the civil officers. Being compelled. to attend public worship with the congregation of the town, he ex-pressed his aversion by a harmless indecorum, which would have been without excuse, had his presence been voluntary. He and his companions were tried, and condemned to pay a fine of twenty or thirty pounds ; and Ilohnes, who refused to pay his fine, was whipped unmercifully. "Since a particular form of worship had be-come a part of the civil establishment, irrelig-ion was now to be punished as a civil offense. The State was a model of Christ's kingdom on earth; treason against the civil Government was treason against Christ; and reciprocally, as the gospel bad the right paramount, blas-phemy, or what a jury should call blasphemy, was the highest offense in the catalogue of crimes. To deny any book of the Old or New Testament to be the written and infallible word of God was punishable by fine or by stripes, and in case of obstinacy, by exile or death. Absence from 'the ministry of the word' was punished by a fine. " By degrees the spirit of the establishment began to subvert the fundamental principles of independency. The liberty of prophesying was refused, except the approbation of four elders, or of a county court, had been obtained. Remonstrance was useless. The union of Church and State was fast corrupting both: it mingled base ambition with the former; it gave a false direction to the legislation of the latter. And in 1658 the general court claimed for itself, for the counsel, and for any two or-ganic churches, the right of silencing any per-son who was not as yet ordained. The crea-tion of a national, uncompromising church led the Congregationalists of Massachusetts to the indulgence of the passions which had dis-graced their English persecutors; and Laud was justified by the men whOm he had wronged."ŠChap. 10, par. 78-80. Many more quotations might be made, but these are sufficient. Let it be remembered that the men who practiced, these cruelties were Christian men urged on by Christian ministers. These men were no worse than are the men who to-day occupy similar posi-tions. Their action was simply the natural re-sult of the idea that the State was " a model of Christ's kingdom on earth." And this, let it be remembered, is the position taken by Na-tional Reformers. Whoever wishes to know the result of the success of the National Re-form Association, has only to read the history of the Salem Witchcraft and of the persecutions of the dissenting Baptists and Quakers. Those are the only " Christian features " which our forefathers gave to the Government. We do not wish to disparage the men who settled this country; they lived up to the light which they had.. They had themselves suffered op-pression for their religious convictions, and had never known such a thing as religious tol-eration, consequently it took them some time to accord to others that freedom which they demanded for themselves. But we are happy to say that these " Chris-tian features" were not permanently stamped upon our Government. By the time that the  ship of State was fairly launched, men had learned more of the principles of religious tol-eration. The Declaration of Independence recognized the fact that all men had equal rights, and the Constitution of the United States declares that " Congress shall make no law re- ' specting an establishment of religion, or pro-hibiting the free exercise thereof" and that "no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust, un-der the United States." This Constitution comprises all that we have received from our forefathers. We be-lieve it to be the best Constitution ever formed by man, because it carefully guards the rights of all, and leaves the conscience of everyone free. It is this Constitution which makes the United States the best country in the world for the spread of the gospel. And because it allows perfect freedom for the preaching of the gospel from the Bible alone, we are desir-ous of having it kept as it is, and we cannot countenance those men who, having far more light than the Puritan Fathers bad, would re-vive in this country the practice of the Dark Ages. E. S. W. II 4o "Are Our Politics to Be Purified." Tilts is a question asked by the National Reform party. We, too, may ask the same question. The Reform party place great re-liance upon the success of their movement for the accomplishment of this (much-to-be-de-sired, indeed!) result. Dr. Merrick in his address at the Cleveland National Reform Convention, said:Š " Where, then, is the antidote [for corrupt politics] to be found? Unhesitatingly I an-swer, In the religion of Jesus Christ. . . . Flow can it fail to purify our politics if Chris-tianity be allowed its legitimate place in our Government? "ŠChristian Statesman, Dec. 20, 1883. Dr. McAllister, also, in the same convention, said:Š " Finally, the proposed Amendment will draw to the administration of the Governmen t such men as the law of God requires,Šnot the reckless, the unprincipled, the profane, but able men, who fear God and hate covet-ousness."ŠI bid., Dec. 27, 1883. This thing has been tried several times, and always with the same result, namely, to make corruption more corrupt. Given, human nat- ure. what it is, and make profession of religion a qualification for governmental favor, or po-litical preference, and the inevitable result will always be that thousands will profess the required religion expressly to obtain political preferment, and for no other reason; and so to dishonest ambition is added deliberate hypoc-risy. The first to employ this method was ho to whom can be traced almost every ill that Christianity has suffered (this last one being by no means the least),ŠConstantine. He made the bishop of Rome a prince of the empire, and clothed the inferior bishops with such power that they not only ruled as princes, but imitated the princes in pride, luxury, worldly pomp, and hateful haughtiness,Šimi- tated the princes in these, and imitated the emperor in persecuting with relentless vigor all who differed with them in faith. And the 