THE AMERIC,'AN SENTINEL. 45 If all mankind minus One, were of one opinion, and only one person were of the contrary opinion, mankind would be no More justified in silencing that one person, than he, if he had the power, would be justified in silencing mankind."ŠOn Lib- erty?  chapter 2, paragraph :1. The truth of the matter is this: The person who parades the " seventh-tenths of one per cent." argument virtually says: " We most have Sunday laws anyhow. If the opposition is too large, we must modify our demands; but as the S.abbata- rians are only seven-tenths of one per cent., we will ignore them entirely,Šno Matter how much it interferes With their rights." Every independent thinker knows that an appeal to reason is the only way to arrive atAhe truth; and the fact that the seventh-day observers are in the minority giVes the majority no right to interfere with their working six days and then resting one, which right they have just as truly as does the majority. This prin-ciple is set forth as folloWs, in a note in " American State Papers bearing on Sun- day Legislation," pages 189, 190:Š This important principle [that the sight guaran-teed by our Constitution to acquire property is just as sacred as the right to protect and possess it; and that the right to acquire must include the right to use the proper means to attain that end, which includes the right to our time] is not infrequently overlooked when the question of the constitution-ality of Sunday laws is under consideration. " All men are created equal," All men have a right to use their time to acquire property. The Legislature can no more deprive a person of the free use of part of his time, than it can deprive him of the use of his time altogether, And because the SalDbatarian has enough independence of thought and enough strength of character to differ from the majority in Sabbath observance, it is manifestly unjust to deprive him for that reason of one seventh of his time, to which he has an inalienable right. The innate sense of every man asserts that lie has the same right to his opinion that others have to their opinion ; that he has the same right to work on such -day as he wills, that others have to work Ł on such days as they will. The question is one of individual rights, not a question of whether you do or whether you do not agree with the dominant religious party. Any laws interfering with the right to acquire property, like the laws interfering with the rights to life and personal liberty, are a flagrant violation of the individual's natural rights. The principle is as follows: An individual's rights cannot be infringed because he belongs to the Minority. If I have a right to work six days, and then rest one, all others have the same right ; and if I choose the first day on which to rest, no one has a right to molest me; and if my friend chooses the seventh day on which to rest, no one has a right to molest him. If I work on the day on which he rests without molesting him, no one has a right to stop or hinder me in my work; and, likewise, no one has a right to stop or hinder him if he works on the day on which I rest. This is justice and equality. But it is neither justice nor equality to deprive my friend of one day (Sunday) for work in every week because he chooses the seventh day on which to restŠthus giving him only five days in which to work for a livelihood, " But," argues the advocate of Sunday laws, " the Minority are not compelled to work on theiT Sabbath, but simply to refrain from working on our Sab-bath." But if the Legislature may compel the Minority to " refrain from working " one day in the  week, why not two ? and if two, why not three ? and if three, why not six ? Thus there is no time to which the minority has a right; and the Legis-lature (the servant of the people) is empowered to entirely deprive the people of the use of their time, and thus of the very means of sustaining life itself. To this absurd conclusion do the positions of Sunday-law advocates lead us. In order to understand the relation of majorities and minorities, we must inquire into the nature and object of government. For it is true, as Madison says, that "the sovereignty of the society, as vested in and exercisable by the majority, may do anything that could be rightfully done by the unanimous concurrence of the mem-bers; the reserved rights of individuals (conscience, for example) in becoming parties to the original compact being be-yond the legitimate reach of sovereignty, wherever vested or however viewed." It is not the size of -the majority that entitles them to act; but the fact that in the very nature of government the majority must rule ;Šbut only in those things that come within the sphere of government. Mad-ison mentions this point. And among the things that are outside the sphere of gov-ernment is to dictate whom, when, or how we shall worship, what we shall eat, drink, or wear, when we shall rest or go to bed (as was originally regulated by ringing the curfew bell) and such like. In an essay on "Railway Morals and Railway Policy," published in the Edinburgh Review for October, 1854, Herbert Spencer had oc-casion to deal with the question of a ma- jority's power as exemplified in the con-duct of public companies. The same principle is true of governments, or of any other organizations. Mr. Spencer says Under whatever circumstances, or for whatever ends, a number of men co-operate, it is held that if difference of opinion arises among them, justice requires that the will of the greater number shall be executed, rather than that of the smaller number; and this rule is supposed to be uniformly applicable, be the question at issue what it may, So confirmed is the conviction, and so little have the ethics of ' the matter been considered, that to most this mere suggestion of a doubt will cause some astonishment. Yet it needs but a brief analysis to show that the opinion is little better than a political superstition. Instances may readily be selected, which prove by reductio ad absurdum, that the right of a majority is a purely conditional right, valid only within specific limits. Let us take a few. Suppose that at the general meeting of some philanthropic asso-ciation, it was resolved that in addition to relieving distress, the association should employ home mis-sionaries to preach down Popery. Might the sub-scriptions of Catholics, who had joined the body with charitable views, be rightfully used for this end ? Suppose that of the members of a book club, the greater number, thinking that under existing circumstances rifle practice was more important than reading, should decide to change the purpose of their union, and to apply the funds in hand for the purchase of powder, ball, and targets ? Would the rest be bound by this decision ? Suppose that under the excitement of news from Australia, the majority of a Freehold Land Society should deter-mine, not simply to start in a body for the gold-diggings, but to use their accumulated capital to provide outfits. Woidd this appropriation of prop-erty be just to the minority ? and must these join the expedition ? Scarcely any one would venture an affirmative answer even to the first of these  questions much less to the others. And why ? Because every one must perceive that by uniting himself with others, no man can equitably be betrayed into acts utterly foreign to the purpose for which he joined them. Each of these supposed minorities would properly reply to these seeking to coerce them: " We combined with 'you for a defined object; we gave money and time for the furtherance of that object ; on all questions thence arising, we tacitly agreed to conform to the will of the greater number ; but we did not agree to con-form on any other questions. If you induce us to join you by professing a certain end, and then undertake some other end of which we were not apprised, you obtain our support under false pre-tenses: you exceed the expressed or understood com-pact to which we committed ourselves ; and we are no longer bound by your decisions." Clearly this is the only rational interpretation of the matter. The general principle underlying the right government of every incorporated body, is that its members contract with each other severally to submit to the will of the majority in all matters concerning the fulfillments of the object for which they were incor-porated ; but in no others. To this extent only can the contract hold. For as it is employed in the very nature of a contract, that those entering into it must know what they contract to do; and as those who unite with others for a specified object, can-not contemplate all the unspecified objects, which it is hypothetically possible for the union to under-take ; it follows that the contract entered into can-not extend to such unspecified objects. And if there exists no expressed or understood contract between the union and its members respecting un-specified objects, then for the majority to coerce the minority into undertaking them, is nothing less than gross tyranny. And, subsequently in another essay, he added :Š Naturally, if such a confusion of ideas exist in respect of the powers of a majority where the deed of corporation tacitly limits those powers, still more must there exist such a confusion where there has been no deed of incorporation. Nevertheless the same principle holds. I again emphasize the proposi-tion that the members of an incorporated body are bound " severally to submit to the will of the majority in all matters concerning the fulfillment of the objects for which they are incorporated; but in no others." And I contend that this holds of an incorporated nation as much -as of an incorporated company. Mr. Spencer also in his " Social Statics" refutes the idea that majorities have the omnipotence so generally conceded to them. On pages 232, 233, he says:Š Of the political superstitions, lately alluded to, none is so universally diffused as the notion that majorities are omnipotent. Under the impression that the preservation of order will ever require power to be wielded by some party, the moral sense of our time feels that such power cannot rightly be conferred on any butŁ the laigest part of society. It interprets literally the saying that " the voice of the people is the voice of God," and transferring to the one the sacredness attached to the other, it concludes that from the will of the people, that is of the majority, there can be no appeal. Yet is this belief entirely erroneous. Suppose, for the Sake of argument, that, struck by some Malthusian panic, a Legislature duly repre-senting public opinion were to enact that all children born during the next ten years should be drowned. Does any one think such an enactment would be warrantable ? If not, there is evidently a limit to the power of a majority. Suppose again, that of two races living togetherŠCelts and Saxons for example [or in America the Saxons and the Negro] the most. numerous determined to make the others their slaves. Would the authority of the greatest be in such case valid ? If not, there is something to which its authority must be subordinate. Suppose 