262 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, THE Union Signal, " official organ of the. World's and National Woman's Chris-tian Temperance Union," in a paragraph enumerating the feminine rulers in the governmental affairs of the world, closes its final sentence with these words, " And the great Republic has twelve million queens potentialŠto be queens actual soon, in Church and State." These words, " queens in Church and State," were no slip of the pen. They are an open and ingenuous expression of an achievement to which the Woman's Chris-tian Temperance Union confidently looks. It fully corresponds with the teachings of Miss Willard and Mrs. Bateham and other prominent women of the Union, both in their published writings and in their dis-courses at conventions and other public meetings. That insignificant body of denomina-tional aliens which really constitutes the National Reform Association, and from which its working force is drawn, fur-nishes the principles and lays out the line of work, but in the accomplishment of the final result the Woman's Christian Temperance Union will be a factor in-finitely more efficient and successful. As Satan first approached Eve in the Garden of Eden with the lying assertion, " Ye shall not surely die," and the blas-phemous assurance of the attainment of wisdom like to the divine; so now in his last struggle for supremacy over mankind, appealing to her religious nature to accept for Christ that temporal power which he refused for himself, " all the kingdoms of the world " " and the glory of them," Šand for herself the queenship of Church and State, he deceives her again with the glamour of false religious hopes and flat-tering promises of the ascendancy of her sex. THE Voice notes the fact that Mayor Grant, of this city, has declared in favor of Sunday liquor selling, and says:Š This is done, evidently, to reconcile the liquor dealers who are exasperated with the President of the Excise Board, appointed by the Mayor. If prohibition is wrong in theory, and impossible to enforce six days out of the week, as we are so often told, we fail to see why it should not be equally wrong and impossible on the seventh day. The Sunday-open saloon is the logical result of the anti prohibition argument. We have italicized a portion of this par-agraph to call attention to a truth for which THE SENTINEL has always con-tended, namely, that Sunday prohibition is in the interests not of temperance but of Sunday as a sacred day. If the saloon business is legitimate six days in the week there is no civil reason in the world why it should be prohibited on the one remain-ing day. On the other hand if it is a civil evil on Sunday it is certainly just as great an evil on every other day, and ought to be prohibited on every day. The Voice,  is quite right on this point, NATIONAL Religious Liberty Association. Religious Persecution. THE persecution of a Seventh-day Adventist in Tennessee because he worked in his field on Sun- , day is a singular proceeding for an American State. Nobody pretends that this victim of relig-ious intolerance was disturbing his neighbors. He was plowing on his own land at a distance from any place of worship, but under a medimval law such as certain misguided Californians have sought to introduce here he was arrested, fined, and from present appearances will be compelled to consort with criminals in jail. A local contemporary thinks that Tennesseeans have a right to wreak religious bigotry on minori-ties in this fashion, and that if the members of the minority do not like it they can do as the Jews are doing in RussiaŠgive up their homes and leave. That is not the common idea of American liberty. The principle at the root of our Government is that every man has a right to do as he pleases so long as he does not infringe the rights of anybody else. The attempt to confine a Seventh-day Adventist to five days' work a week when other people are al-lowed to work six is a discrimination so unjust that it ought to make a Tennesseean ashamed to acknowledge his State. At this moment there are probably hundreds of murderers in Tennessee who have never been mo-lested. It is safe to say that among the ultra-pious neighbors who have insisted upon imprisoning an otherwise blameless man because he kept his Sab-bath instead of theirs, there are some who have taken their guns to church and can look back upon feuds maintained by assassination. The State itself, whose laws make criminals of those who divide the week in the way laid down on Sinai, is guilty of keeping up the infamous con-vict lease system, which has been simply a scheme of wholesale murder for gain, and now has brought the commonwealth to the verge of civil war. Californians have much to be thankful for, but nothing more than that they live in a community in which people mind their own business, each disposing of his time as he sees fit and allowing his neighbors to do the same. ŠSan Francisco Ex-aminer. The "Adventist" Case. THE decision of the Federal District Court in the now celebrated Tennessee Seventh-day Ad-ventist case is that it has no jurisdiction to con-strue the Constitution of Tennessee. Those who have followed the progress of this highly interest-ing case in the courts may remember, perhaps, that the Republic asserted on the appeal to the Federal courts that they had no jurisdiction, and that the person who is being so grossly persecuted has no remedy under the Federal Constitution. Briefly stated, the history of the case is that R. M. King, a respectable and hard-working farmer of Obion County, was prosecuted and fined for being a Seventh-day Adventist. The members of this sect of Christians have peculiar but perfectly harmless theories concerning the second advent, in conformity with which they " keep holy " the Sab-bath, or seventh day'of the week instead of Sun-day, the holiday observed by other denominations, and made legal by the act of Charles II., which survives as a Sunday law.in Tennessee and in most of the other States. Not being able to leave his crops unworhed for two days in the week, Mr. King plowed them on Sunday, after having kept the Sabbath, the day before. He was arrested under the Sunday law, and in order to make it effective against him it was alleged that his work on his own farm on Sunday created a public nuis-ance. On this entirely untenable ground he has been harassed from court to court. He was a poor  man, but he has been supported by the friends of religious liberty from other denominations of Christians in and out of Tennessee. The Tennessee Sunday law was inherited from North Carolina, where it existed before the Revolu-tion as a Colonial statute. It had been in "innoc-uous desuetude " for many years until neighbor-hood prejudice revived it in this case. Judge Hammond of the Federal Court holds that as far as his court is concerned the action of the State courts must be accepted as due process of law. The decision is sound from the standpoint of the Federal Constitution. The Constitution of Ten-nessee guarantees religious liberty and prohibits an establishment of religion; but the State is not restricted on this point by the Federal Constitution. If Seventh day Adventism were made the estab-lished religion of the State by State enactment compelling all citizens to support it, the Federal courts could not interfere, as the clause of the Federal Constitution on this point applies expressly to the Federal Government and to that only. Mr. King has been grossly wronged, but his only remedy at law is under the law and Constitution of Tennessee. It appears that for the present his remedy is denied him, and this being the case he has no better recourse than to submit to the oppres-sion and go to prisonŠto the convict camp, if it suits the convenience of his persecutors to send him there. One such appeal as that to the sense of justice of a free people is worth more than all the law on the side of oppression.ŠSt. Louis Re-public. Poplar Bluff, Mo., August 6. EDITOR SENTINEL:ŠThere is a man here by the name of John Harbin, alias William V. Harbin, who has been convicted of murder in the first de-gree, and is sentenced to be hanged on the 21st day of this present month. John L. Kennedy, a prominent attorney of Nashville, Tennessee, a former acquaintance of Harbin's, is here circulat-ing a petition to have Harbin's sentence com-muted to life imprisonment. After Attorney Ken-nedy had stated his business to the writer, he was told that it was altogether right for him to inter-cede for executive clemency for the man that he had known under more favorable circumstances, and as a law abiding citizen. He said, " I always do it at home." The writer called his attention to the recent oppressive decision rendered in his State in the R. M. King case ; at the same time took up the St. Louis Republic and read the account of the decision recently handed down by Judge Ham-mond, of United States District Court of Memphis, Tennessee. Mr. Kennedy said: "I would not think of interceding for executive clemency in such a case as that; that man broke the Sabbath which is the foundation of our Government or at least, the Christian religion is the groundwork of our civil institutions." This shows the extent to which this religious prejudice and persecuting spirit has obtained in Tennessee. Harbin is a murderer, he intercedes for him, he always does it at home, but King plowed on Sunday, he would not think of inter- ceding for a man like that. THOMAS M. LANE. REv. W. J BUCHANAN, of Xenia, Ohio, com-plains in a letter to the United Presbyterian of July 28, that, the railroads in the State are doing all they can to contribute to Sunday excursions. He says:Š " Railroad officials sometimes claim that trains are run on Sabbath only to satisfy the demands of the public. In many cases, however, these officials seem to be dOing all they can to create a demand for " Sunday " trains. At different times during the summer the "C. H. & D." has scattered flaring hand-bills in the towns along its lines announcing special " Sunday " excursions ' to the National Soldiers' Home at Dayton, to Woodsdale Island Park, near Hamilton, and elsewhere. _ In large capitals the attractions are announced: Drum corps, boat races, boat riding by steam yacht, sail, or row boat;  toboggan slides, merry-go-rounds, 