     ERICAN SENTIN  , 11 1,110 Illl'IAT'111,1411; 711h,  140,, 1,1      "IF ANY MAN DEAR MY WORDS. AND .BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE DIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. ArLONZO T. JONES, EDITOR. NEW YORK, JULY 7, 1897: VoL. 12, No. 28. Single Copy, 3 cents. The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. ."'Any one receiving the American Sentinel without baying ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have mot ordered the Sentinel need have no tears that they will be asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Post-office.) JUSTICE is above statute. IT is the business of legislators and courts to discover flaw, not to make it. THERE is slavery in every other pathway than that of the law of God. BEING a good stickler for " the law" proves nothing more than that the man may be a good Pharisee. GOD does not care anything about governments, but He does care a great deal about men. IT is the business of the law to protect society; of the gospel, to reform the criminal. There is no reforming power in a statute. THERE are a great many creeds and denominations in the world, butŠfrom a moral standpointŠonly two classes of people; namely, those who believe on Jesus Christ unto salvation, and those who believe not. From God's standpoint, this is the only difference there can be between any two individuals on earth. IT was because of envy that Cain murdered Abel, and this evil sentiment has been the actuating motive in every case of religious persecution from Cain's time to our own,  The wicked envy the happy estate of the .just, which is theirs by virtue of "righteousness, and joy, and peace in the Holy Ghost." "IN order that every man may enjoy the religious Sunday," said the Rev. Mr. Reed, of Haverhill, Mass., in a recent discourse, "every man must observe the civil Sunday." Was it then an oversight on the part of the Creator that in his Sabbath commandment he makes no allusion to a civil sabbath, or provision for its observ-ance? Sunday observance, to be sure, is not commanded by the Creator, but if it were, could not one person ob-serve it independently of the actions of some other per-sons? Is our obedience to God dependentŁ upon the uncertainty of the obedience of others around us? We think not. Christian Profession and Anti-Christian Practice. IN the United States there are multitudes of people who profess to be Christians. The vast majority of this multitude are diligently en-deavoring to secure legislation enforcing their religious views upon all the people. They desire and require that religion shall dominate politics, shape the laws, and control the State : they want a union of religion and the State. In truth they want a religious State; an earthly, political, kingdom of God; with "Christ reigning as King on Capitol Hill" and throughout the nation, through themselves as his representatives. All this is seriously proposed by people who seriously profess to be Christians. What, then, is it to be a Christian? What is Chris-tianity anyhow ? In the Scriptures it is written that Christ left us "an example that we should follow his steps;" and that "He that saith that he keepeth His commandments ought himself also so to walk even as He walked." It is Christianity to follow His steps alone, to walk 