Equal and exact justice to all rrieri, of whatever state 'or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas Jeferson. VOLUME 5. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 13, 1890. NUMBER 7. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND ST., NEW YORK. EDITORS, E. J. WAGGONER, ALONZO T. JONES. THE Detroit (Mich.) Free Press, makes the following good point against those preachers who propose to have Monday morning's paper printed Saturday night, before midnight :Š " There is a minister in Minnesota who thinks a Monday paper can just as well be prepared Saturday night. His congrega-tion should keep a sharp lookout on him. A man with a notion of that kind is quite capable of ringing in a 10-year-old sermon on his people for a fresh one." Miss WILLARD finds that the non-parti-san Woman's Christian Temperance Union movement is proving to be of more impor-tance than she suspected. It seemed to be a volt light thing at the time of the National Convention in November last, but now there seems to be some alarm; for she has found it necessary to issue, a national address, pleading for the old organization "to be kept up," and saying that " local branches must be maintained so long as a single white ribboner is left." We wish success to the non-partisan move-ment, and hope that that movement may bring the temperance work back to its original intent, and to sound principles. WHAT the State should do, for reasons of public policy in which all the, people have a common interest, is to afford an opportunity for education in secular kno-Wledge which all alike need. Con-fining, itself to this sphere in its common school system, it should have nothing to do with the teaching of any religion, whether Catholic or Protestant, denom-inational or undenominational, pagan or  Christian. Religious teaching, as such, belongs to the family and the Church, and can be much better managed by these agencies than by any system organized, conducted, and governed by the State. The moment the State passes beyond its legitimate province on this subject, it dis-criminates between the people on religious grounds, and in effect becomes a religious propagandist at the public expense ; and this is sure always to be oppressive to somebody. Let the State mind its own business, and let the Church mind its own business, and then there will be no con-flict between the two.ŠN.Y. Independent. Ł .  The District of Columbia Has a Sunday-Law. To justify their effort to secure the en-actment of a Sunday law for the District of Columbia, the plea is made that the District has no Sunday law; and that to rescue this part of the United States from heathenism there must be enacted a civil Sunday law compelling people to act as though they were religious, and prohibit-ing everybody from doing any work on Sunday in order to prevent people from being forced to labor on that day. But this is all a hoax, the District of Columbia has a Sunday law; but for obvious rea-sons they dare not try to enforce it as it is. The way it all comes about is this : The colony of Maryland had a Sunday law, enacted in 1723. When the colony became the State of Maryland the same laws con-tinued. Then when that portion of Mary-land was set off which became the prop-erty of the United States under the title of the District of Columbia, and subject to the jurisdiction of Congress, the follow-ing statute was enacted by Congress :Š SEC. 92. The laws of the State of Maryland not inconsistent with this title, as the same existed on the twenty-seventh day of February, eighteen hundred and one, except as since modified or re-pealed by Congress or by authority thereof, or until so modified or repealed, continue in force within the District.ŠRevised Statutes District of Col-umbia, p. 9. The law of Maryland (October, 1723), relative to Sunday was then as follows :Š AN ACT, To PUNISH BLASPHEMERS, SWEARERS, DRUNKARDS, AND SABBATH BREAKERS, AND FOR REPEALING THE LAWS HERETOFORE MADE FOR THE PUNISHING SUCH OFFENDERS. Be it enacted by the right honorable the lord proprietor, by and with the advice and consent of his lordship's governor, and the upper and lower houses of assembly, and the authority of the same, That if any persons shall hereafter, within this province, wittingly, maliciously, and advisedly, by writing or speaking, blaspheme or curse God, or deny our Saviour Jesus Christ to be the Son of God, or shall deny the Holy Trinity, the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, or the Godhead of any of the three persons, or the unity of the Godhead, or shall utter any profane words concerning the Holy Trinity, or any of the persons thereof, and shall be thereof convict by verdict, or confession, shall, for the first offence, be bored through the tongue and fined twenty pounds sterling to the lord pro-prietor to be applied to the use of the county where the offence shall be committed, to be levied on the offender's body, goods and chattels, lands or tenements, and in case the said fine cannot be levied, the offender to suffer six months' imprison-ment without bail or mainprise: and that for the second offence, the offender being thereof convict as aforesaid, shall be stigmatized by burning in the forehead with the letter B and fined forty pounds sterling to the lord proprietor, Ł to be applied and levied as aforesaid, and in case the same cannot be levied, the offender shall suffer twelve months' imprisonment without bail or mainprise; and that for the third offence, the offender being convict as aforesaid, shall suffer death without the benefit of the clergy. SEC. 2. And be it enacted, that every person that shall hereafter profanely swear or curse in the presence and hearing of any magistrate, minister, the commissary-general, secretary, sheriff, coroner, provincial.  or county clerk, vestryman, church-warden, or constable, or be convicted thereof be-fore any magistrate, by the oath of one lawful witness, or confession of the party, shall, for the first oath or curse, be fined two shilling and six-pense current money, and for every oath or curse after the first, five shillings like Money, to be applied to the use aforesaid, Sections 3 to 9 relate to drunkards and the enforcement of the law, SEC. 10. And be it enacted, That no person whatsoever shall work or do any bodily labor on the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday, and that no person having children, servants or slaves, shall command, or wittingly, or willingly suffer any of them to do any manner of work or labor on the 