78  p AMERICAN to cause the constitutions of States, and legisla-tion, to be modeled on the principles of the true church." Senator Blair's constitutional amendment and religious legislation are modeled exactly "on the principes of the true. church; " and the Prohibition party is pledged to such legis-lation; therefore the aim of the Prohibition party and the aim of the Catholic Church, so far as religious legislation is concerned, are identical. And they are working together to secure it. At the county Prohibition convention for Tulare County; Cal., held in Tulare City not long ago, a Catholic priest was introduced by a Methodist minister, and made a strong speech and offered the Catholic Church free to the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, at any time, to hold their Prohibition unions in. About the same time a Catholic priest spoke in a Prohibition convention in Los Angeles, in which he made most prominent the necessity for religious legislation, particu-larly in regard to enforcing the observance of "the Lord's day," as Senator Blair's Sunday Bill provides. These things greatly please the Prohibition party, the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, and theÑCatholic Church. Now we would like for some Prohibitionist to tell just about how much any advocacy of Prohibition by the Catholic Church is worth, while everybody knows that there is not a sa-loon keeper in all the land who cannot keep a saloon and be a member of the Catholic Church as long as he lives, and (if he pays money enough) go straight through purgatory without even getting scorched, when he dies. We can tell what it is worth, and that is, just what influence and support the Catholic Church can get out of the Prohibitionists in accomplishing the Papal scheme of causing "the constitutions of States, and legislation, to be modeled on the principles of the true church." That is what it is worth, and that is all it is worth. But if the Prohibitionists think that a isafe investment, they have vastly more confidence in the wheedling charms of the Papacy than we have. For we never can forget the truth of Macaulay's words, thatÑ " The experience of twelve hundred eventful years, the ingenuity and patient care of forty generations o statesmen, have improved that polity [of Rome] to such perfection that, among the contrivances for deceiving and op-pressing mankind, it occupies the , highest place."ÑEssays Von Ranke. " Rev." " Sam " Small, the associate reviv-alist with " Sam " Jones, was secretary of the National Prohibition Convention, held at In-dianapolis. And what he wants to see, as stated in his own words at Kansas City last winter, is this :Ñ " I want to see the day come when the church shall be the arbiter of all legislation, State, National, and municipal; when the great churches of the country can come together harmoniously and issue their edict, and the legislative powers will respect it and enact it into laws." Was ever the Papacy more than that? Did ever the Papacy ask more than that? Could it ask more ? From these evidences it is plain that the Prohibition party, as it is, is set for the estab-lishment of a religious despotism of which the Papacy shall be at least a part. And whoever works for, or votes, the Prohibition ticket, works and votes for the establishment of such a despotism. The following letter, from a prominent'  Prohibitionist in an Eastern State, but who does not work for the Prohibition party as at present constituted, is sound and .to the point: "The church may adopt 'any form of gov- ernment for itself that it chooses, but must keep hands off the civil government. The worst despotism the world ever experienced was under a theocracy. The church party, misnamed Prohibition party, seeks to prose-lyte and carry on a religious crusade under the guise of a so-called political party. Put that party in power, and the priest and min-ister would supersede the judge, the jury would disappear, civil courts would give place to ecclesiastical courts, the public court-room to the star chamber, the ordinary jail to the inquisition. "My vote, and my voice, shall ever be for a free, civil, enlightened, and progressive Gov-ernment. "I am a dyed-in-the-wool Prohibitionist, and daily practice what I preach, but do not belong to the clerical party." This letter exactly expresses the views of the SENTINEL. The AMERICAN SENTINEL is entirely and consistently in favor of Prohibition; but it is not in any sense in favor of religious leg-islation. What we here say is not against Pro-hibition, but against the religious legislation element, the Church and State element, in the Prohibition party and in the Prohibition plat-form. Opposition to Church and State was hissed and yelled down in the California Slate Prohibition Convention of 1888. And a consistent- Prohibitionist told the Prohibi-tion party in that same convention, that if they went into the campaign with the plat-form as it is, " they would have to pass half the time in convincing the people that it was not a religious movement." The Prohibition party, both State and National, have gone into the campaign with that very platform, and that party may spend all the time in the endeavor, but it can never convince any thinking person that it is not a religious movement. The Prohibition movement as it is now manifested in the Prohibition party, and under its present platform, is nothing else than a religious movement; and that is only what the majority of the preachers, whether Protestant or Catholic, have in view who are making themselves so prominent in behalf of ProhibitionÑthey are only making Prohibi-tion the stepping-stone to religious legislation, and the establishment of their own power by it.  And in view of the ecclesiastical engineer- ing of the Prohibition party, Dean Milman's weighty words are of living importance to every American citizen : " In proportion as ecclesiastics become co-legislators, heresies become civil crimes, and liable to, civil punish-ments." The AMERICAN SENTINEL 1S in favor of Pro-hibition-everywhere and all the time; but it is not in favor of religious legislation any-where at any time. We would shut the sa-loon everywhere and forever, not because it is irreligious nor because it is violative of the law of God, for with such reasons the civil power can have nothing to do, but because it is uncivil. If the saloon were only irreligious, or were only violative of the law of God, the State would have no right to interfere with it to any extent whatever. But as it is essentially uncivil, the State can and ought to abolish it entirely, yet never with any question as to whether or not it is irreligious or violative of the law of God. We would shut the saloon for the same reason that we prohibit the carrying of concealed weapons. We know there are many Prohibitionists who, like the correspondent whose words we have quoted, are as much opposed to religious legislation, or priests in politics, or churches in civil affairs, as we are; we know that in the California State Prohibition Convention there were powerful speeches made against the Church and State element in the Prohibi-tion party ; but that element carried the day,  and that element rules in the so-called Prohi-bition party; and whoever would not help forward the union of_ Church and State, and the establishment of a religious despotism in this Nation, should be as far as the East is from the West from voting the present Pro-hibition ticket, or working in any way for the Prohibition party as it is. IN the Christian Statesman of September 6, M. A. Gault says :Ñ "I had a long talk with Hon T. C. Rich-mond, leader of the Prohibition party in Wis-consin. He is a popular speaker and a logi-Cal reasoner. He is almost constantly in 'the field addressing large audiences, endeavoring to convince the people that the Prohibition party should drop every other issue but.Pro-hibition." - Mr.oRichmond.'s idea is correct. If Prohi-bition is what the Prohibitionists want, why are they not willing to work for that alone? If Prohibition is what they want, why are they not willing to secure the help of every element that can be enlisted in favor of Pro-hibition? The very fact that the so-called Prohibition_ party will not work for Prohibi-tion alone, is proof that the religio-political managers of that party are only using the Pro-hibition issue as a stepping-stone to the estab-lishment of their power, and the subordina-tion of the civil to the ecclesiastical power, -  ¥ ¥ 4- Oakland Lawyers on the Blair Bills. PUBLIC interest has recently been so directed to the two measures proposed by Senator Blair, namely, "a joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States respecting establishments of re-ligion and free schools," and the "bill to se-cure to the people -the enjoyment of the first day of the week, commonly known as the Lord's day, as a day of rest, and to promote its observance as a day of religious worship," that the Tribune of this city deemed the mat-ter of sufficient importance to call for the opin-ions of the Oakland bar upon the proposed legislation. Accordingly a reporter of that paper submitted copies of the Blair bills to a number of attorneys and asked for an expres-sion of opinion on them, with the following result :Ñ H. L. AdamsÑI gave my opinions through the columns of the Tribune last week, but will repeat sufficiently to say that while I was formerly of the opinion that the first day should be generally enjoined by statute, a careful study of the- question has led me to change my views in that , regard, and I now believe that any law which compels the ob-servance of one day. of the week upon all classes of people without regard to their re-ligious belief constrains them of their liberty, and is in violation of the-form of thought and religious worship guaranteed by the inventors of this GoVernment in the present Federal Constitution. J. R. GlascockÑIt is an infringement upon the personal liberty- of the people. It is a step backward and not forward. If carried to its legitimate result it would relegate us to the days of Connecticut blue laws. Church and State should be kept as far apart as pos-sible. Let our schools teach knowledge and not religion. In this opinion Mr. Glascock recognizes the fact that religious legislation of any descrip-tion whatever is a virtual union of Church and State, whether that legislation be in the interests of one denomination or of many.. The next opinion likewise covers both the-bill 'and the amendment:Ñ 