Cannot but Thrill the Heart of the ‚/ Reader " Is what the "Christian Work" (New York City) says of our ŠNEW BOOKŠ AMERICAN SENTINEL. 365 tions to make grosslyjdiscriminating rates or to delay delivery of a competitor's product." "He declared that if the principles of the Trust were extended to all the public industries the Government itself would be controlled by such a universal combina-tion." Concerning an alleged influence of the Standard Oil Trust over the Ohio press, the attorney-general said:Š "Yes, it is in testimony that there was an agreement between Col. Squires, of the Trust, and a news agency, in the interest of the Trust, by which certain newspapers agreed to publish 'if acceptable,' matter defending the Trust. I presume it was acceptable, as it was published. The newspapers received, it was stated,-eight cents a line, and some of them were paid four cents a copy for the number sold." "Mr. Monnett said that the Trust also managed to secure from the agents of the railroads the business secrets of the competing companies." Such is the character of the business methods of the modern Trust, according to the attorney-general of Ohio, who may reasonably be presumed to have full knowledge of the facts to which his testimony relates. The Trust represents commercial ;despotism, and civil liberty and commercial despotism).  cannot flourish to-gether. Suffering Is Man's Safeguard. CONSTANT PROSPERITY ENERVATES AND LUXURY OFTEN BARBARIZES MEN. "SUFFERING hath this ministryŠit is a safeguard. Constant prosperity enervates," writes Rev. Newell Dwight Hillis, D. D., in his "Secrets of a Happy Life," series of articles, in the June Ladies' Home Journal. "Iron is powdered by unceasing electricity, but recovers itself when the current intermits. Steady sunshine ruins the tropic races, and luxury often barbarizes men. The great civilizations lie along the snow belt. Men grow great only where winter stimulates td the best possible use of summer. Frost puts tang and crispness into the winesap and jonathan, and frost also spices the people's thinking. Wealthy parents are often put to their wits' end to invent some device to do for their children what poverty and adversity did for them. If man needed only one throb of pain in each organ to teach him the law of health for that member, he would master every principle of sound living within the period of childhood. Then all his days would be days of happiness." Five books in one. An entire library. FREE! See page 366. SEND FOR CifITALhOGeOFnoyui7d  PaUoBfLpICurAcThIasOiNS., you PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York City. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write Nantes Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bans Draft on New York. Personal cheeks are not desired. & Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins-will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. SENTINEL, Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom-promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION, PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY Ł PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. Single Copy, Per Year " Six months 44 Three months ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York. LOOKING UNTO JESUS. Cloth edition, beautifully bound in buckram, cover printed in four colors, postpaid, - $i.00 Presentation edition, gold side stamp, gold edges, a very acceptable present, postpaid, $1.50 ADDRESS, P'A_CIFIC PRESS PUS. 39 Bond St., New 'York. Kansas City, Mo. Oakland, Cal. The object of this book is to teach us to look unto Jesus from every scriptural point of view. It treats espe-cially of the present posi-tion and work of our Lord in the Heavenly Sanct-, uaryŠa theme of interest to every Christian. 