THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 23 millennium; but a persecuting church is not likely to help to bring in the millennium. " Monmouth, Ill. STARK, JR." REMARKS.ŠThe "National Reformers" have not been backward to avow their objects, as we prove from their own writings, quoted in the SENTINEL. Moreover, they have given a reason for wishing to have the amendment in-serted in the preamble. It is that thereby a religious cast may be given to the whole Con-stitution, and thus ally our Government most closely to the churches, which are to be the exponents of her religious policy. It matters very little where the amendment is placed; everything depends on the nature of the en-forcing laws. And all their aims and plans as avowed point unmistakably to the most com-plete union of church and State. It may be that man are beguiled to believe that it will be a harmless thing if put in the preamble. But, as remarked, everything de-pends on the laws of enforcement, and what they intend these shall be they have avowed with great definiteness. A Significant Fact Acknowledged. WE have called attention to the fact Ł that when our Government is nominally Christian- ized; when they who do not profess adherence to "Christian laws, usages, and institutions," are declared ineligible to official positions (see editorial in Christian Statesman, Dec. 5, 1870); when the` " consistent infidel " and the dissent-ing Christian are disfranchised (see Mr. Cole-man in Statesman, Nov. 1, 1883), then the poli-ticians by trade will unite with the church (the most popular one, of course, thereby mak-ing it more popular), and " for a pretense make long prayers," that they may be praised of menŠand get office. We are not the only ones who have foreseen this state of things inevitable upon such a change in the structure of our Government as the "Reformers" pro- pose to have made. In the National Convention of the Reform Association held in Pittsburg, Pa., February 4, 5, 1874, two of the speakers recognized this interesting fact. Dr. Robert Audley Browne, on the evening of the 4th, used the following language:Š " There is no more persistent man alive than the typical representative American office-seeker. Of that class, the most of those who have not yet found whether they are for Christ or not, or who are openly decrying this move-ment, are ready to be its firm friends as soon as they acquire wisdom to discern the signs of the times, and are assured of its speedy success. They may pull back now at the hind axle, or scotch the wheels of the car of progress; but when they see it move, they will quickly jump in to get front seats, and avow 'they always thought it was a good thing.' When our Mas-ter comes into his kinvdom in our beloved land, they will be candidates for the foremost posi-tions, and scramble with the mother of Zebe-dee's children for the right or left hand places in the kingdom." Of course they will. And what is to hinder them from getting those foremost positions if they "join the church" and pray long and strong enough? Is it said that old office-seek-ers will be marked, and kept from the front? What is to hinder another set, just as plausible)  just as politic, just as hypocritical, rising up and appropriating the offices? That, of course, will assist in keeping the Government consist-ently Christian, and greatly strengthen the church in that which it prizes so muchŠnum-bers! Dr. Geo. P. Hays made the closing speech on the evening of February 5, in which he said: Politicians are very timid of us now. They will grow wise soon. . . . When once they [the fbundation masses] are moved, hundreds of politicians who would not for the world com-mit themselves to it now, will bawl themselves hoarse in applause, and swear they knew it would be so, and were on that side from the beginning." We appeal to the reader: Are we not justi-fied in opposing a movement which, if success-ful, will set a premium of worldly gain on unit- ing with the church or making a public pro-fession of Christianity? We only wonder that in this age, with the strong lessons of history on this subject before us, any who love our lib-erties, and have any regard for the cause of pure Christianity, will advocate the religious amend-ment of the Constitution. Our paper would be unworthy of its name if it did not sound an alarm before the fatal deed is done. J. H. W. Macaulay on Gladstone. THE following extract from Macaulay's re-view of Gladstone's book, "The State in its Relations with the Church," contains some ex-cellent definitions of principles which no one can gainsay:Š " We are desirous, before we enter on the discussion of this important question, to point out clearly a distinction which, though very obvious, seems to be overlooked by many ex-cellent people. In their opinion, to say that the ends of government are temporal and not spiritual is tantamount to saying that the tem-poral welfare of man is of more importance than his spiritual welfare. But this is an entire mistake. The question is not whether spiritual interests be or be not superior in importance to temporal interests; but whether the machinery which happens at any moment to be employed for the purpose of protecting certain temporal interests of a society be necessarily such a ma-chinery as is fitted to promote the spiritual in-terests of that society. Without a division of labor, the world could not go on. It is of very much more importance that men should have food than that they should have pianofortes. Yet it by no means follows that every piano-forte maker ought to add the business of a baker to his own; for if he did so, we should have both much worse music and much worse bread. It is of much more importance that the knowledge of religious truth should be wisely diffused than that the art of sculpture should flourish among us. Yet it by no means follows that the Royal Academy ought to unite with its present functions those of the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge, to distrib-ute theological tracts, to send forth missionaries, to turn out Nollekens for being a Catholic, Bacon for being a Methodist, and Flaxman for being a Swedenborgian. For the effect of such folly would be that we should have the worst possi-ble Academy of Arts, and the worst possible Society for the Promotion of Christian Knowl- edge. The community, it is plain, would be thrown into universal confusion, if it were sup-posed to be the duty of every association which is formed for one good object to promote every other good object. "As to some of the ends of civil Government all people are agreed.. That it is designed to protect our persons and our property; that it is designed to compel us to satisfy our wants, not by rapine, but by industry; that it is de- signed to compel us to decide our differences, not by the strong hand, but by arbitration; that it is designed to direct our whole force, as that of one man, against any other society which may offer us injury; these are proposi-tions which will hardly be disputed. "Now these are matters in which man, with-out any reference to any higher being, or to any future state, is very deeply interested. Every human being, be he idolater, Mahome- tan, Jew, papist, Socinian, deist, or atheist, nat-urally loves life, shrinksŁ from pain, desires comforts which can be enjoyed only in commu- nities where property is secure. To be mur-dered, to be tortured, to be robbed, to be sold into slavery, these are evils from which men of every religion, and men of tio religion, wish to be protected; and therefore it will hardly be disputed that men of every religion, and of no religion, have thus far a common interest in being well governed. ' "But the hopes and fears of man are not lim-ited to this short life and to this visible world. He finds himself surrounded by the signs of a power and wisdom higher than his own; and in all ages and nations, men of all orders of intellect, from Bacon and Newton down to the rudest tribes of cannibals, have believed in the existence of some superior mind. Thus far the voice of mankind is almost unanimous. But whether there be one God or many, what may be God's natural and what his moral attributes, in what relation his creatures stand to him, whether he have ever disclosed himself tq us by any other revelation than that which is written in all the parts of the glorious and well-ordered world which he has made, whether his revelation be contained in any permanent record, how that record should be interpreted, and whether it have pleased him to appoint any unerring interpreter on earth, these are questions respecting which there exists the widest diversity of opinion, and respecting some of which a large part of our race has ever been deplorably in error. "Now, here are two great objects: one is the protection of the persons and estates of citizens from injury; the other is the propagation of religious truth. No two objects more entirely distinct can well be imagined. The former be- longs wholly to the visible and tangible world in which we live; the latter belongs to that higher world which is beyond the reach of our senses. The former belongs to this life; the latter to that which is to come. Men who are perfectly agreed as to the importance of the former object, and as to the way of obtaining it, differ as widely as possible respecting the latter object. We must therefore pause be-fore we admit that the persons, be they who they may, who are intrusted with power for the promotion of the former object, ought al-ways to use that power for the promotion of the latter object." 