FATHERS OF THE CA,rrIETCPEAC CIFIALTIELCEE BY E. J. WAGGONER. History repeats itself, because human nature is the same in all ages of the world. Hence, he who would know HOW TO AVOID ERROR IN THE FUTURE must know how errors have developed in the past. The "Fathers of the Catholic Church" shows the condition of the heathen world at the time of Christ, briefly states the princi-ples of ancient heathen philosophy, and shows how the adop-tion of these principles by prominent men in the church, and the incautious lowering of the standard of pure Christianity, developed the Papacy, which was simply a new phase of pa-ganism. The chapter on SUN-WORSHIP AND SUNDAY. is alone worth the piice of the book. Fine English cloth,sub-stantially bound, contains about 400 pages, and will be sent post-paid for $1.00, TEN LECTURES ON NASAL CATARRH; Its Nature, Causes, Prevention, and Cure, and Diseases of the Throat, Eye, and Ear, due to Nasal Catarrh; with a chapter of CHOICE PRESCRIPTIONS. CAVEATS, TRADE MARKS, DESIGN PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, etc. For information and free Handbook write to MUNN & CO., 361 BROADWAY, NEW YORE:.Oldest bureau for securing patents in America. Every patent taken out by us is brought before the public by a notice given free of charge in the $crientifir American MARCH 9, 1893. AlVIIIEPUICAINT 79 jury, and was followed by Mr. Carter. Mr. Carter .made a very pertinent allusion to tne real spirit of the case, that is with reference to the point of disturb-ance. He said: "These men have disturbed no man by their work. No man has been found to testify to a disturbance. My friend here, the at torney general, has his horse hitched up and is driven to the station on Sunday, and it disturbs no one. And even His Honor, when he came to this place to hold court, remained at home with his family until the last moments, and then took the train on Sunday. It was not held as a disturbance to any one." At this point the judge was seen to wince a little. Notwithstanding all this, the prosecuting attorney made a frantic effort to convict these men. He undertook to grow eloquent about the morality of the people of Tennessee, and how the Sabbath must be maintained, and that according to Holy Writ, etc. But when he struck Holy Writ, Mr. Ringgold was on his feet in an instant, and said, " Your Honor, I object. Holy Writ does not come into this case. It is a civil trial, and these men are in-dicted for a civil offense." The judge sustained the objection, and for the first time in the history of the trials of this people in Tennessee the cases were removed from a religious to a civil basis. At the close of the attorney's appeal, court ad-journed for one hour for dinner. Immediately after the judge's charge to the jury after court had again convened, and before the jury had left their seats, the prosecuting attorney arose and remarked, " If Your Honor please, the State confesses a ver-dict of not guilty." The judge immediately re-marked, "Gentlemen of the jury, with your con-sent I will enter a verdict of not guilty." The jury nodded assent, and the trial of Wm. Dortch was at an end. He was too late, however, in confessing a verdict of not guilty, for the spectators plainly saw that he exhausted all his sources of evidence in the attempt to convict. I might mention one inter-esting point with reference to these cases. Inas-much as all but two of the witnesses were Seventh-day Adventists, they will draw out of the county funds for witness fees about eighty-five dollars. Mr. Ringgold, in commenting upon this feature at the dinner table in the presence of a number of lawyers and others remarked jocularly that the people of Tennesse ought to be indicted as a nui-sance for furnishing money in this way to the Sev-enth-day Adventists for the support of their work. Before passing further I will say that the case of Thomas Dortch was postponed till the next term of court. The prosecuting attorney knowing that this case would go as the others had, if it came to trial,-at that time, and realizing that the whole com-munity was looking to him to sustain the Tennessee Sabbath, pleaded a continuance. He claimed that he had witnesses by whom he could prove the point of disturbance. It was shown to him and to the court by Mr. Carter and Mr. Ringgold that these very witnesses were members of the Seventh-day Adventist Church, and that it was not at all probable that he could prove his point; but as there was the merest hope that he could win the case by securing additional evidence and as he strongly desired the postponement, the judge granted a continuance. WHETHER the World's Fair is closed on Sunday or not, the Signs of the Times does not care a straw; but it does con-tend that, as a religious questionŠand it is none other from the A to the Z of the caseŠthe United States Government has nothing to do with the matter. The First Amendment to the Constitution absolutely forbids it,ŠSigns of the Times. THE New York World characterizes the World's Fair Sunday closing move-ment as a " satire upon sense " and a " par-ody of piety," "sustained by neither reli-gion nor Town," THE BATTLE CREEK SANITARIUM IHEALTH FOODS. To THE PUBLIC: This certifies that the Battle Creek  Sanitarium Health Foods, manufac-tured by the Sanitarium under the name of the Sanitarium Food Com-pany, are made under my direction and supervision, and that Granola and the other special foods manufactured by this company, are not made or sold by any other firm or person except their duly authorized agents. J. II. KELLOGG, M. B. Our goods are shipped to every part of the worldŠto Australia, New Zealand, India, Persia, and other foreign countries, as well as to all parts of the United States; and in every instance they have demon-strated their wonderful keeping properties. The following are a few of the hundreds of testimonials received from persons who have for years made use of our foods. MICHIGAN. I have for three years used the " Health Foods " in my family, and can heartily recommend them, both for purity and health-giving properties. C. F. Ponalta, D. D. S. INDIANA. Your "Health Foods" are the wonder of the nineteenth century. I have used Granola but a short time, but have already experienced`relief from indigestion and acid, or flatulent dyspepsia. I also find the Zwie- bach nourishing and toothsome. D. M. KAUFFMAN. I have personally tested your excellent food known as Granola. It is highly pleasing to the taste, easy of digestion, and the most nutritive cereal production with which I am acquainted. Da. R. W. BULA. NEW YORK. Your Granola is the best selling invalid food I have ever handled. I have already sold nearly two thousand pounds. A. J. Bitonomrox. CONNECTICUT. We have used your "Health Foods" in our family for three years and can not get along without them. Having been troubled with dys-pepsia and chronic inflammation of the stomach, I found that your Gran-ola, Avenola, Wheatena, and Gluten are the only foods that I can eat with safety, Wm. M. MERWIN, OHIO. Our baby is a testimonial to Sanitarium food. She is ten months old, weighs twenty-eight pounds, and is as ruddy and healthy a specimen as can be seen. She has actually gained flesh while cutting her last two teeth, Her flesh is firm and sound, and she is very strong. MINNESOTA. We have twins, and the little fellows are thriving nicely. The food agrees with them perfectly, and I have recommended it to many who are bringing up babies "by hand." D. W. MoComr. We are constantly improving our foods, and adding to our list as the result of experimental researches conducted in the Sanitarium Laboratory of Hygiene and our Experimental Kitchen. For the latest descriptive circular and price list, address, SANITARIUM HEALTH FOOD CO., - BATTLE CREEK, MICH, GOOD HEALTH: A monthly illustrated journal devoted to health, temperance, and sanitary science, teaches both physical and mental hygiene, and embodies the re-sults of the latest scientific investigation in the direction of the prevention and cure of disease. First-class in every respect, it stands at the head of the journals of its kind throughout the world. It has been established twenty years, and is an ac-knowledged authority upon all subjects that come within its province, being now more popular than ever before, as its large and increasing subscription list shows. Price $2.00 per year including a com-panion volume, a 400-page, illustrated book, bound in muslin with marbled edges and colored plates, one of the most important and interesting works recently published, in the interest of popular medi-cal education. No family can afford to be without them. Address Good Health Publishing Co., Battle Creek, Mich. BY J. H. KELLOGG, M. D. Medical Superintendent of the Largest Medical and Surgical Sanitarium in the World. The work consists of 120 pages, and is embell-ished with a colored frontispiece and six beauti-fully colored plates, besides many illustrative cuts of the throat and nasal cavity in health, and disease. This little work costs only 75 cents, found in cloth, and is in great demand. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. 12th dc Castro Streets, 43 Bond Street, oAm4ND,c.A.L. I Nsw YOWL Largest circulation of any scientific paper in the world. Splendidly illustrated. Noy  intelligent man should be without Addressek, 53.00 a year; $1.50 six months. MUNN & CO., PUBLISEBB8, 361 Broadway, Now Tort City, For more than sixtoen years the Battle Creek Sanitarian has maintained a Health Food Depart-ment, at first for the benefit cf its patients and pa-trons, later, and for more than a dozen years, with increased facilities, to supply the general public. Within the last year More Than 150 Tons of the following named foods have been manufac-tured and sold:Š Oatmeal Biscuit, Rye Wafers, Medium Oatmeal Crackers, Fruit Crackers, Carbon Crackers, Plain Oatmeal Crackers, No. I Graham Crackers, Avenola, No. 2 Graham Crackers, Granola, Plain Graham Crackers (Dyspeptic), Wheat Granola, White Crackers, Whole Wheat Wafers, Gluten Food, No. I, Gluten Wafers, Gluten Food, No. 2, Infants' Food. Granola, The Gem of Health Foods. Our Granola, which has now been manu-factured by us for nearly seventeen years, is unquestionably the finest health food ever devised, and is greatly superior to any of the numerous imitations to which its success has given rise. 