500 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "Destiny," "The Inexorable Logic of Events," Etc.ŠNo. 4. BY JOHN D. BRADLEY. ANOTHER very handy expression that is made the most of by imperialists in proclaiming the doctrine of irresponsibility, and one that is evidently regarded by a great many people as an impregnable defense of vio-lence and brutality, is "the survival of the fittest." A great journal says, ".The 'destiny' of the Americans might be briefly described in that somewhat hackneyed but ever pregnant expression, 'the survival of the fitŁ test!" It is evident that many "men of high standing in the nation, representing the bench, the bar, the press, the pulpit, the universities, and the great business in-terests," have come to believe that the only law appli-cable in their treatment of others is the so-called law of the survival of the fittestŠthat force and force alone is the only standard by which the strong are to measure their treatment of the weak. A prominent American, speaking of "our policy of expansion in the far East," where he has recently been, says that there must be an "application among the nations of the cruel principle of the survival of the fittest" and that "the material in-terests involved are usually the deciding influence." A high church dignitary declares that America "marches to glorious destiny," and that the church must march with her.. He believes in imperialism of both the state and the church. "American imperialism must have its counterpart in Presbyterian imperialism, which will awaken to the significance of itself,Ł which will recognize its own fitness and opportunity." We are told what that opportunity is: "He [Christ] calls us to subjuga-tion. Force is the only argument known to savages from Joshua to William McKinley." The idea held by the great men of this country was literally echoed by a prominent German professor who recently said that fitness consists in the ability to deal the quickest and the hardest blows, and that by dealing the quickest and the hardest blows the fit survive. But not so. There is a law of the survival of the fit-test, but it is not the law of the survival of the fighting-est. The true and only law of the survival of the fittest is the death warrant for all iniquity. By that law brute force and criminal aggression are already condemned, and by virtue of it they shall not survive. Though exe-cution be delayed, let oppression, violence, and brutal-ity know that their days are numbered, and that they exist only to demonstrate their absolute unfitness. Their very existence is the guarantee of their destruc-tion. The longer they exist the more certainly do they establish and confirm the fact that everlasting destruc-tion is the one thing for which they are fit. And let, all know who ally themselves with these things that though they boast themselves for a little moment; though they "speak wickedly concerning oppression;" though they  "speak loftily" of "destiny," "the inexorable logic of events," and "the law of the survival of the fittest," trampling upon human rights and disregarding divine authority,Šlet them know that they are only hastening the day "that shall burn as an oven," when "all the proud, and all that do wickedly, shall be stubble;" the day that shall "burn them up, saith the Lord of hosts, that it shall leave them neither root nor branch." In that day the great originator of irresponsibility and of rule by force,Šhe whose "constant resort to gain con-trol of those whom he could not otherwise seduce," has been "compulsion by cruelty,"Šshall be "as a carcase trodden under foot;" "shalt be brought down to hell, to the sides of the pit," and those who see him shall nar-rowly look upon him and consider him as they speak and say unto him, "Art thou also become weak? Is this the man that made the earth to tremble, that did shake kingdoms; that made the world as a wilderness, and destroyed the cities thereof; that opened not the house of his prisoners?" If men will not realize before, they will realize in that day that "the seed of evildoers shall never be renowned," but that "shame and everlasting contempt" is their portion forever. There is but one law of the survival of the fittest, and it is briefly comprehended in these words: "For the upright shall dwell in the land, and the perfect shall remain in it. But the wicked shall be cut off from the earth, and the transgressors shall be rooted out of it." Righteousness alone is fit and righteousness alone shall survive. When men declare that they are without the power of choice, that their wills are powerless in the grasp of outside forces, and that they are irresponsible for their actions, they declare that their manhood is gone. They declare that they have ceased to be men and have be- -come things. Professedly wise men may talk learnedly of the "godhood of man" and of the revelations of psy-chical research; they may regard themselves as "now in the period between the animal and the angel;" they may think themselves "moving far into the region of the mind, and even beyond it;" statesmen may carry out their every wish under the plea of "destiny" and "the inexorable logic of events;", religious leaders may set aside the plain commands of Jehovah and declare them no longer binding; but of one thing all of them may be sure. They are defrauding man of all his true dignity and are degrading him from the plane upon which the Creator placed him and are bringing him down to where he is scarcely on a level with the brutes. "We may bite our chains if we will, but we shall be made to know our-selves, and be taught that man is born to be governed by law," and that he who robs man of his responsibility is the enemy of both God and man. The Creator could not make men without placing upon them responsibility by endowing them with the power of choice. Freedom of choice and choice of the right is manhood. Man was made a responsible being, 