"Corrupted freemen are the worst of slaves." VOLUME 3.  OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, OCTOBER, 1888.  NUMBER 10. t1-12e An2eFica3 Ser2tNel. PIMLISHED MONTHLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, OAKLAND, CAL. E. J. WAGGONER, ALONZO T. JONES, SPECIAL CORRESPONDENTS. J. H. WAGGONER, E. W. FARNSWORTH, DAN T. JONES. Entered at the Past-eice in Oakland. THOUSANDS of people are signing petitions for the National Sunday law, without a thought of harm to themselves or anybody else. Yet only harm to thousands of people can ever come from the enactment of such a law. Many of those who are signing the pe-titions would not do so if they knew the dan-ger that there is in the enactment of the law. The SENTINEL clearly points out the danger. Therefore the SENTINEL should be placed in the hands of every person in the land. Are you doing your part to see that this shall be done? NOT long since a Prohibition Convention was held in Visalia, Cal. The preachers were very, active and enthusiastic in it; and they succeeded in arousing a good deal of enthusi-asm in the body of the convention. After the convention had dispersed the following ques-tion was put to two of the preachers: "I sup-pose the object of this is, in the long run, to work it into a Sunday law?" And the an-swer was this That is what it is; but we are not saying anything about that now, till we get the thing in- running orderÑthen we will bring that in." That is precisely the scheme which the preachers are working through the third-party-Prohibition movement, and that is just the way that they are working it. Under cover of Prohibition and temperance legislation they are working for the establishment of a religious despotism. ¥ 1. RECENTLY a preacher in Selma, Cal., deliv-ered a sermon in which he said :Ñ " We have laws to punish_ the man who steals our property; but we have no law to prevent people from working on Sunday. It is right that the thief be punished; but I have more sympathy for that man than I have for him that works on that day." This is directly in the line of things prom-ised by the Prohibition party. Whenever any party sets itself up as the protector of the Lord, and legislates upon things pertain-ing to God, then offenses, or supposed offenses, against God take precedence of all things else. Heresy becomes the highest crime. Then the thief will be let run, and receive sympathy, while the man who quietly works at his lawful and honest calling is prosecuted, fined, and imprisoned. And Senator Blair's proposed amendment and Sunday law open the way for such men as this to carry their 'Views Into effect, by tkile civil po:wq. The National Sunday Bill. THE National Sunday Bill, introduced into the United States Senate by Senator Blair, is a queer piece of legislation for this enlightened age and country, in more senses than one. We have referred to it in our columns before; but as the legislation itself is the first step taken in an endless controversy, this is ample excuse for referring to it again. But besides this there is sufficient material in the bill it-self to justify a long discussion, and even con-tinuous repetition, until the people shall see the danger there is threatening their cherished liberties and dearest rights. We propose to notice it section by section, and call attention, briefly, to some of the moral and civil delinquencies that show them-selves in the bill. The first section embodies legislation in re-gard to " the Lord's day," and is as fol-lows :Ñ " Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Con-gress assembled, That no person, or corporation, or the agent, servant, or employe of any per-son or corporation, shall perform or author-ize to be performed any secular work, labor, or business to the disturbance of others, works of necessity, mercy, and humanity excepted; nor shall any person engage in any play, game, or amusement, or recreation, to the dis-turbance of others on the first day of the week, commonly known as the Lord's day, or dur-ing any part thereof; in any Territory, district, vessel, or place subject to the exclusive juris-diction of the United States; nor shall it be lawful for any person or corporation to receive pay for labor or service performed or rendered in violation of this section." This is contrary to the word of Christ. Christ said : " Render therefore unto Cesar the things that are Cxsar's; and unto God the things that are God's." By these words it is clear that that which is the Lord's is not to be rendered to Cmsar, but to the Lord. Caesar is civil government; therefore, we are not to render to civil government that which is the Lord's; with what is the Lord's Csar has nothing to do. Senator Blair's bill, in legis-lating upon that which pertains to the Lord, plainly sets itself against the word of Christ, and is, therefore, antichristian. Again, this section declares that no person shall do any work, " nor engage in any play, game, or amusement, or recreation, to the disturbance of others on the first day of the week, commonly known as the Lord's day, or during any part thereof." This leaves it entirely with the other man, or with judge or jury, to say whether that which has been done was a disturbance; and that is only to make every man's action on Sunday subject to the whim or caprice of his neighbor. But " any condition of the law which allows the test of criminality to depend on the whim or ca-price of judge or juror, savors of tyranny." The doctrine embodied in this section of the Blair bill is subversive 9f liberty. It attacks&  not only the inherent rights, but the consti-tutional rights, of every American citizen. For a sound judicial decision upon this prin-ciple of this section see the article entitled, "The Savor of Tyranny," in another column of this paper. Section two is as follows:Ñ "Sac. 2. That no mails or mail matter shall hereafter be transported in time of peace over any land postal-route, nor shall any mail matter be collected, assorted, handled, or de-livered during any part of the first day of the week : Provided, That whenever any letter shall relate to a work ¥ of necessity or mercy, or shall concern the health, life, or decease of any person, and the fact shall be plainly stated upon the face of the envelope contain-ing the same, the postmaster-general shall provide for  transportation of such letter or letters in packages separate from other mail matter, and shall make regulations for the delivery thereof, the same haH tag 'been received at its place of destination before the said first day of the week, during such limited portion of the day as shall beE t suit the pub-lic -convenience and least interfere with the due observance of the day as one of worship and rest : And provided further, That when there shall have been an interruption in the -due and regular transmission of the mails it shall be lawful to so far examine the same when delivered as to ascertain if there be such mat-ter therein for lawful delivery on the first day of the week." The object of this section is to stop the carry-ing of the mails on Sunday; but yet any let-ter that relates to a work of necessity or mercy, or the health, life, or death of any person, which has the fact plainly stated upon the face of the envelope, shall be delivered on the first day of the week. Section 3 is as follows :Ñ " SEC. 3. That the prosecution of commerce between the States and with the Indian tribes, the same not being work of necessity, mercy, or humanity, by the transportation of persons or property by land or water in such way as to interfere with or disturb the people in the enjoyment of the first day of the week, or any portion thereof; as a day of rest from labor, the same not being labor of necessity, mercy, or humanity, or its observance as a day of re-ligious worship, is hereby prohibited, and any person or corporation, or the agent, serv-ant, or employe of any person or corporation who shall willfully violate this section shall be punished by a fine of not less than ten nor more than one thousand dollars, and no serv-ice performed in the prosecution of such pro-hibited commerce shall be lawful, nor shall any compensation be recoverable or be paid for the same." This section embodies the same principle as the first in regard to the disturbance of others, and sets a heavy penalty upon con-duct lacking in the essential element 'of crim-inality. Upon what principle except that of religious intolerance can it ever be made to EDITORS. 