M tn. CAN SENTINEL. easily shown, is based upon ideas distinctly pagan. The, whole institution, as it now stands, is a monument of tradition. And in following tradition, the religious world is following Rome. Of this there can be no question. The "reasons" which this papal authority gives for the celebration of December 25, are as good as any that can be given;. indeed, they are the only ones that can be found for it. But what Protestant is willing to accept them as a basis for his own practice? It is pleasant to give and receive gifts; but why should this not be done according to Scripture rather than according to tradi-tion? Ł It is high time that every person who takes the name of Protestant should cut loose from tradition, and cease from any practice which declares 'the supremacy of Rome. Righteousness By Law. THE Jews sought righteousness by the works of the lawŠso the epistle to the Romans tells usŠand they failed to obtain righteousness. And the fac't that they sought righteousness in this way is the reason, we are told, why they failed. Rom. 9:30Ša2. Yet there was nothing the matter with the law. It was the law which God gave them, and was just as good a law as God himself could make. It cannot be claimed that any legislature of men can enact a better one. If, then, the Jews, who were scrupulous observers of God's law in outward conduct, and had great zeal for it, could not through it become righteous, how can it pos-sibly be that righteousness can come through a human law which is imposed upon people against their wills? Is righteousness to come by the law, or can it come by faith only? It really seems as though the situation warrants the asking, in all seriousness, for an answer from the churches to the question. If the churches still believe that righteousness can come only through faith, why are they uniting their forces in a great movement to control the politics and shape the legislation of the country? Setting Others Straight. WE have been criticised for speaking against the work of the "Societies for Setting Others Straight;" the ground of the criticism being that the SENTINEL is seeking to do this very thing itself. Our critics are mistaken. One man cannot set an-other man straight, nor can any set of men do this. This the SENTINEL knows and is trying to get the people to see. An individual can be set straight only by the Word and Spirit of God. And what the SENTINEL aims to do is to persuade those who think they can and ought to set other people straight, to leave this work in the hands of the agencies  God has established for that purpose; and to warn, the people of the results which will follow if this is not done. This is why the SENTINEL opposes religious legisla-tion, and any effort to unite church and state. If it were not for the continuous efforts made by reli-gious Societies all through the country to set other peo-ple straight by legislation, the SENTINEL would have nothing to say. Ł The Law of Christ. "THE National Christian Citizenship League," we are officially told, "aims to do two things. One is to unite all who believe the will of God should be done on earth in practical Opposition to the enemies of his will. The other is to teach the people that society, business, in-dustry, and all government must be obedient to the law of Christ." From a Christian standpoint, there are two objec-tions to these two things at which the Christian Citizen-ship League aims. One is that Christianity does not op-pose men, even the enemies of God's will; it opposes only sin. The other is that the law of Christ is not a law of force. "Bear ye one another's burdens," wrote the Apostle Paul to the Galatians, "and so fulfil the law of Christ." But what is it that leads us to bear one another's bur-dens? Is it force or love? To say that "society, business, industry, and all gov-ernment must be obedient to the, law of Christ," is to say that all these must be actuated by the principle of love. But in such a case, force is powerless. Love does not come in that way. To use force in fulfilling the law of Christ, would at once rob that law of all its divinity. Ł 4 -4 Which is the Worse? IT is admitted on every hand that a union of church and state in this country would be a very bad thing. That is, it would be very bad if the state should be-come joined with one of the churches or denominations professing the Christian religion. But the surprising thing in connection with this is, that while the people are against this thing, as constitut-ing a union of church and state, they are quite generally in favor of a union of the state with religion, as repre-sented by the churches in general. If it is wrong for the state to unite with one church alone, is it right for the state to unite with all the churches? If even marriage between church and state is wrong, what must be said of church and state polygamy? "KEEP the church and the state forever separate."ŠU. S. Grant. 