34 THE; AiN4ERICA.N ,SENTINEL. Presbyterian, Congregationalist, Dutch Re-formed, Lutheran, Unitarian, Universalist, and two AdventistŠthis makes at least thirty-two " different denominations" who are to monopolize certain of the six school hours in the school building. Now will the Doctor have the State distribute the six hours of the 'school day equally among these thirty-two de-nominations? If so where is the State to get in any other instruction ? Or will Dr. Schaff have each of the "different denominations" monopolize one hour a day in its turn ? If that be it, then let us seeŠthere are twenty school days in a month; and there are thirty-two different denominations. As it would take More than six weeks to go round once, there would be given to the different pupils but one hour of religious instruction in about six weeks. Then the same question again arises, During this round of "religious instruction" how are the regular teachers to get anything else into the minds of the pupils to any pur-pose? Or would the doctor have all thirty-two of the " different denominations " go to "the school building" and monopolize an hour each day all together? !! That would be Babel risen again indeed. And, says the Doctor:Š ," In this way the problem of united secular, and separate religious, instruction could be solved, at least ta the reasonable satisfaction Of the great majority." It is perfectly safe to say that in this way the problem could not be solved to the reason-able satisfaction of any reasoning person in the Nation. The " different denominations" themselves would not be satisfied with it; those who belong to none of the different de-nominations could not be satisfied with it; nor could the school authorities be satisfied with it. The truth of the matter is, that an attempt to carry into effect any such scheme would be the utter destruction of the whole public-school system. From another sentence in: the same paragraph the Doctor seems to imply that the regular teachers of the schools are to do the work of the religious, as well as the secular instruction. He says " In communities Which are sufficiently homogeneous one teacher would answer; in others two or more might be chosen, and the children divided into classes according to the will of the parents or guardians." A community sufficiently homogeneous to require but one teacher, would consist of but one denomination. But how many such school districts can be found in the United States? The places where two or more teach-ers would be required, would be of course where there are two or more " different de-nominations," and there would necessarily have to be as many teachers as there might be different denominations. Or does Doctor Schaff intend that the teachers in the schools shall all be so polemically versatile that any one of them shall be able to give religious in-struction in harmony with the religious views of any one or all of the different denomina-tions? Then, again, who is to examine the teachers, and pass upon their qualifications to impart the requisite amount and the quality  of such religious instruction? Oh! that im-portant office would fall to the church, of course. And thus we are brought round again to the point which we made at the first, that Dr. Schaff's proposition, and that of every-body else who proposes to put religious in-struction, into the public schools, is only a scheme to secure to the church the help of the State in furthering her own aims, and so the-" connecting link between Church and State?' is to be formed. How it would be possible to frame a scheme of public instruction more utterly absurd than is set forth in this essay by Dr. Schaff it would be difficult to conceive. And how any man of the standing of Dr. Schaff could get off such a perfect medley of nonsense, would be surprising were it not patent on the very face of public affairs that the emasculated Protest-antism of to-day has set itself to secure con-trol of the power of the State to wield it in its own interests, and it is willing to counte-nance any absurd scheme, and propose any sort of a compromise to gain the support of the Roman Church, because its managers know that they cannot win without this. This is shown by another statement from the Doctor:Š "Possibly the more liberal .portion of our Roman Catholic fellow-citizens might agree to such a compromise" (as is proposed in the statements which we have quoted). There is a good deal being said about the danger to our institutious, from Romanism. There is such danger, but it lies not in Ro-manism direct-, but in this degenerate Protest-antism ambitious of civil power and willing to compromise with Rome to obtain it. This it is that needs to be constantly and carefully watched. A. T. J. Ł National and Enforced Hypocrisy. ARTICLE 6 of the constitution of the Na-tional Reform Association, saySŁ of their pro-posed religious amendment -to the Constitu-tion- of the United States:= "It is necessary to maintain our present Christian institutions against the assaults of secularism and infidelity." Upon this _point Dr. Crosby says (June, 1887): " If the State is to furnish religious in-struction, there is another thing that it will have to furnish, and that is the inquisition. That will be the legitimate outcome of relig-ious instruction by the State. If it is going to teach religion, it will have to compel the people to receive that religion, and in order to do that it will have to have the strong arm of the inquisition. But not only that, in our attempt to find out what sort of religion you are going to have taught in your schools, and what kind of teachers you are to get to instruct, you have got to deny and destroy the founda-tion of American independence. The founda-tion of it ,all before God is individual, inde-pendent, and mutual equality. And no mere majority clothes any man in that majority with power to say, `You must be taught my religion.' Of all forms of wrong which men have suffered from each other, none have been less reasonable, or more merciless and unre- lenting, than those of religious zeal armed with civil poWer. There is no darker chapter in the history of governments than that which-chronicles their misdeeds in the attempt to administer and propagate religion. The at-tempt is a horrid human tyranny begun, and every step of the process -is that tyranny con-tinued." No one man ever injured the cause of Christ as did Constantine, by incorporating Chris-tianity into his Government as a political factor. Dr. Dowling says: "Many of the er-rors, indeed of -several centuries, the fruit of . vain philosophy, paved the way for the events which .followed; but the hindrance was not effectually removed until Constantine, the emperor, on professing himself a Christian, undertook to convert the kingdom of Christ into a kingdom of this world, by exalting the teachers of Christianity to the state of affluence, grandeur, and influence, in the empire, as had been enjoyed by pagan priests and secular officers of the State. Professed ministers of Jesus having now a wide field opened to them for gratifying their lust of power, and wealth, and dignity, the connection between the Christian faith and the cross was at an end." ŠHistory of Romanism, p. 29. The National Reform Association would fain secure a similar state of things in the United States. In their Article 4 they say The amendment "is necessary in order to secure a standard and guaranty of moral qualification in civil rulers, which is now wanting in our constitution." They imagine that by incorporating Chris--tianity into the constitution, so that all must profess it in taking the oath of office, they will then be known to be Christians. But what more will it do than bring to the front a horde of hypocrites? Will unprincipled poli-ticians and office-seekers hesitate to profess Christianity for the sake of office? If we must have infidels in office, who would not prefer an honest, outspoken one, to a sheep-skin-covered hypocrite ? Rev. Mr. Sommerville, in the Christian Na-tion (July 14, 1886), says :Š "Civil rulers owe it to their supreme Lord and to society to -encourage and to stimulate the church in its work of faith and labor of love, and, when it may be necessary, to give pecuniary aid to its ministers; that the gospel may be preached in every part of their do-minion and to -all classes, without respect of persons, and to take public money to teach principles, enforce laws, and introduce cus-toms to which many members of the commu-nity are conscientiously opposed." All the real success Christianity ever had was without the aid of civil government, and it has shone brightest and purest, even when worldly governments were arrayed against it. Then God's protecting care and power were most manifest. Its history has been, that in proportion as human governments have made it a political factor, it has been corrupted by designing men professing it as a stepping-stone to ambitious attainments. Nothing could in-jure the cause so much as to make it popular in such a worldly sense. Has Christianity 