SAVONAROLA A graphic ac-count of the life and martyrdom of this wonder-ful preacher of Florence; also a sketch of his times. An in-spiring book for young read-ers, and o n e'  that will be read again and again. Cloth 6oc.; paper 25c. AMERICAN SENTINEL. 767 Books We Can Recommend.. c NATIVE LIFE IN INDIA A TRUST Contains two good stories, the first being C of the struggles of a fa- ao mily, the head of which having gone, according to baby Phil, "Away 'cross the big sea, and c perhaps h e' d tumble out of the ship and det drowned." The second tells of the faithful ef-forts of a boy to sup-port his sister and wid-owed mother. Illustrated, cloth, 6oc; paper, 25c. The author, Rev. Henry Rice, spent eighteen years in India, and has written a most interesting description of the social and reli-gious characteristics of the Hindus. The book is illustrated with twelve native drawings. Cloth, 6oc; paper, 25c. AMONG THE NORTHERN ICEBERGS JOHN OF WYCLIFFE The life of this great-est of "the reformers be- 40 fore the Reformation" is one of intense interest, 5, and is here told in such V a way as to inspire the c reader to cultivate his opportunities and econ-omize his time. Cloth, 6oc; paper, 25c. C Cloth, 6oc; paper, 25c. MARTIN LUTHER A most readable story of the life of this greatest reform-er, at home, at the university, as a monk, as a priest, at Rome, at the Diet of Worms, and the closing scenes of his career. Illustrated. POLITICAL SPEECHES AND DEBATES A reproduction of the principal speeches and de- ni st, Stephen A. 55o large pages. Cloth, $1.75. PILGR I M'S PROGRESS Size, 634x4.34 inch-es, 495 Pages, 6 il-lustrations.The story of both Chris-tian and his wife. An attractive edi-tion of this immor-tal classic. Price, 4oc. JACK THE CONQUEROR And Other Stories The first and longest story is that of ten-year-old poverty-stricken Jack Harold. His fa-ther and mother were both dead, and his aunt would not allow him to go to school. How his ambition was aroused, etc.' Well illustrated, cloth, 6oc; paper, 25c. An account of the expeditions sent in search of the North Pole by the United States and England. It is written in narra-tive style and is in-tensely interesting. Its illustrations are o f northern scenes and incidents, and are very good. Cloth, 6oc; paper. 25c. GOLDEN GRAINS 0 'tants had O paper, 25c. f)  STORY OF REDEMPTION CANNIBAL ARCHIPELAGOES Here John Williams, Rev. G. N. Gordon and wife, J. D. Gordon, and others met death at the hands of the natives..  Here dwell the Rubiana people, whose mania is the collection of human.  heads. Even here, this. book informs us, the Gospel has made pro-gress. This is illus-trated by two scenes in one villageŠone as the missionaries found it, the other after its inhab-received Christianity. Cloth, 6oc;, LIFE ON THE KONGO A series of A comprehensive his- p a m phlets, r tory of that portion of Africa drained by the 3 2 0 pages containing O Kongo and its tributar-and 45 beau- ies, together with nu-tiful stories merous missionary inci-for children. c  dents and experiences. Following o  The author, Rev. Hol-are some of m a n Bentley, writes the titles: c  from personal observa-"Joe Ben  A tion, and gives much ton's C o a 1 interesting information Yard. — 0 concerning this much-"This Hand V talked-of country. Illustrated, cloth, 6oc; NeverC St ruck Me," paper,  25°. "The Burnt bates o f Abraham t Composition," "The Wanderer's Prayer," TWO Lincoln during the 0 "The First Lie," "The Tempting Gloves," 0 years 1854-1861, to- p postpaid. "Tom's Revenge." Complete set for 25c, e gether with those of pf ; THOUGHTS FROM THE his political antago- Douglas. A fascin- MOUNT OF BLESSING ating volume of over V An exposition of the C Sermon on the Mount. "It can by no means c be read with profit at A6 one sitting, but is a V book for time of med-• itation, as its title in- Cates." e ŠBaptist Union. 21 Contains 209 pages, C' 18 half-tone engrav-e ings, is bound in cloth 0 at 75c, and half-calf at c  $1.00. 0  MAKING HOME HAPPY 0 A book well calculated to show forth-the p love of Christ, and to draw the reader into 0 An entertaining story of how an unhappy 237 pages, 68 engravings, four of which are ,k a closer connection with Him. Contains home was made and kept happy, together 41)  ifwith the influence it had over other homes. 0  three-color half-tones. if Contains 203 pages; cloth 50c. Cloth, with gilt edges, $1.25. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, KANSAS CITY, MO. OAKLAND, CAL. 39 Bond Street, New York City. 