lc IS 13, 1893. IVILIH2,14.1[C 221 from the East regret the absence of some things with which they have always been familiar. There are no Sabbath laws in California and no recognition of it on the statute books of the State. Labor of all kinds can be carried on without hindrance, stores may remain open for the transaction of business as on any other day of the week, places of amusement may be open without interference from the author-ities, while noisy demonstrations can go on as usual. But while there is the absence of all Sunday laws we must not draw the conclusion that there is no respect paid to the Lord's day. Truth compels us to state the fact that San Francisco is a Sabbath keeping city. The drift is plainly in that direction. The moral sentiment of the people is largely in its favor, and with very rare exceptions you will find as much order and quiet in the streets as in some of our most favored Eastern cities. Those who knew California twenty years ago, now witness a far different order of things. The mass of the people respect and keep the Lord's day. No merchant of any respectability keeps his store open on the Sab-bath. The wharves are deserted. The Italian fruit dealers in many localities close up their places of business, and even in the Chinese quarter of the city there is some recognition of the fact that this one day calls for a regard to decency and order, if not for religious reverence. According to " Holloway," Sunday work and business was in 1890 on the decrease even in the largest city in Cali-fornia, instead of being on the increase as it would have to be to sustain Mr. Crafts' theory that a day of rest cannot be maintained without law. But how is it in other parts of the State, and at the present timeŠten years after the repeal of the Sunday law ? The Observer fur-nishes us at least a partial answer to this question also. In " Editorial corres-pondence from California," in the Observer of June 29, 1893, "Augustus" says :Š We —were at Pasadena on Easter Sunday. . . . Sunday dawned bright and mild, and by ten o'clock the streets were full of people on foot, on horse-back and in wagons and carriages from the sur-rounding country, going to the churches. Presby-terian and Methodist and Baptist and Episcopal, all large and handsome houses of worship, were thronged with people, and during the services a New England Sabbath stillness pervaded the place. . . . This Sabbath was well kept at Pasadena, and all the churches were places of spiritual rest and joy. The fact is, that if the people in any given community want to keep Sunday, or any other day, they can do it just as well without law as with it; and if they do not wait to keep it no amount of law will compel them to do so. The theories of the Sunday law advocates and the facts do not harmonize any better in California than they do in New York, where less regard is paid to Sunday with a Sunday law than there is in San Francisco with-out any such law. It is too bad that the " best people of the country " cannot get into line with truth. C. P. B. Sabbath and Sunday at the Fair. WHILE this vexing question of closing up the Fair on Sunday is filling the minds of the people and the columns of the papers and agitating the brains of the preachers, it is very interesting to spend a Sabbath and Sunday in Chicago. At this period of the contention the sub-ject is the common topic on the cars, on the street corners and in restaurants as well as around the family circle. The preachers maintain their same old position, determined to accomplish their end against all reason and common sense, while the masses of intelligent men and women de-mand the privilege of seeing the Fair on this most favorable day. I heard an in-fluential capitalist sayŠand he repeated it with indignationŠ" The preachers are united with saloon-keepers and keepers of ill-famed houses for the purpose of catch-ing the people." While nearly all classes are excited and the preachers are angrily denouncing the Fair for being open Sundays and for fear it will continue open, the observer of the Sabbath of the Lord quietly notes the agi-tation which will surely disseminate the truth on this great question; and on the seventh day while many thousands are en-joying the beautiful things at the Fair grounds and many other thousands are thronging the busy streets, he goes unmo-lested and undisturbed to his humble place of worship to commune with his God. On the Sunday immediately following his Sabbath of rest, he goes quietly (as everybody does) out to the Exposition to view some of the wondrous works of God. As he wanders up and down those avenues and labyrinths of wonders, he can but praise the beneficent Creator whose power has made them all. He is greatly surprised to see no drink-ing nor drunkenness, which Sunday-clos-ers have so confidently affirmed would be rife. And he is no less surprised to neither see nor hear Any riotous doings anywhere within the gates. All is peace and quiet; and I cannot comprehend how any man but a maddened bigot could fail to find pleasure in seeing others enjoy the en-nobling atmosphere of the Sunday Fair, if he does not choose to be there himself. The foregoing were my experiences and thoughts in Chicago on Sabbath and Sun-day, June 17 and 18, 1893. JOEL C. ROGERS. Ł Sunday Opening. IT was definitely decided June 25th to keep the World's Fair open on Sundays. Public sentiment was so strong on this question that the pressure could not be overcome by fanaticism. Those who have made such a howl against opening are per-fectly free not to attend. If, by any pos-sibility, circumstance or condition, those who conscientiously uphold the sanctity of the Sabbath, would be compelled to at-tend, and their liberty of conscience thereby interfered with, Sunday opening would not be in accordance with the prin-ciple of religious liberty. But such is not the case. Religious freedom and personal liberty were not at the foundation of the opposition to Sunday opening, but the re-verse. Religion is a matter of conscience and there is no religious liberty unless all are perfectly free to observe or not to ob-serve any and all religious days, forms or ceremonies. The doctrine of Christ him-self was that government and religion were, or should be, separate and distinct. The promotion of religious observances by legal enactment cannot result otherwise than in failure. By such enactments both religion and government are brought into contempt and lose respect. No man was ever made pious by force, but force has the effect of lessening piety. The argu-ment of religious fanaticism that this Government ought to demonstrate to the world that its people are a Sunday observ-ing people, is not sound. If by legal enactment they were forced to observe that day so far as the Fair is concerned, it would prove nothing of the kind. It would be said that they observe the day because compelled by law. But if left free to observe, or not observe Sunday, and the great majority do then refrain from attending, that they hold the day sa-cred will be positively proven. Again, Congress had no right to name a day, a  religious day, to be observed. That is re-ligious legislation. Many Christians hold that Saturday is the Sabbath, and they have all the proof, from a Bible stand-point, on their side. Sunday was a heathen festival day, incorporated into Christianity to hold those sun-worshipers who became Christians, and who would not agree to give up their day. It was a concession to heathenismŠa compromise day. When Congress took it upon itself to decide which is the proper day for Christians and all others to observe and keep holy, it went considerably out of its latitude and over-leaped the boundaries laid down by the Constitution. There will be one bad result, however, of Sunday opening. The Presbyterians will with-draw their exhibit. This will very prob-ably crush the Fair! Whenever a religion pleads with government to put legal props under its structure, it is an acknowledg-ment that religion is greatly in need of those propsŠthat it can no longer stand of its own strength. If, however, it were true that props were needed, they would do no good if put up by legal enactment for the reverence, that solidifies the struct-ure, would vanish, and it would then the sooner tumble to ruins. Religious fanat-ics, in connection with this World's Fair Sunday question, have, in the undue and intemperate zeal of religious blindness, done the cause of Christianity and Sunday observance irreparable damage. Their fanaticism has injured the cause they pre-tended to espouse. The better class of Christians opposed all legislation to mix religion and government; that is, they contended that government has no right to establish a creed, or form or day of ob-servance; that matters of this kind are matters of individual conscience, and that conscience should be free. That is the true principle of civil and religious lib-erty.ŠIdaho World. National Reform Antichristian. REGARDING the earnestness and sincer-ity of National Reformers, their works speak. But that they are sincere and earnest on the wrong side of this issue we firmly believe. That Sabbath breaking, irreverence, vice of every description and super-abounding iniquity is everywhere prevalent and increasing are matters of divine prediction as well as obvious facts. But National Reformers instead of help-ing them are increasing iniquity. They are not working in Christ's way. Note the following :- 1. They claim that civil government has the right to enforce morals, by which they mean and say God's law . " God is a spirit, or spiritual," and his "law is spir-itual." (See John 4 : 24; Rom. 7 : 14.) But civil government can take account only of overt acts, while moral or spiritual matters pertain to the heart and motive. God's law is not obeyed unless it is obeyed from the heart. He who looks upon a woman to lust after her is in God's sight a transgressor of the seventh precept of his law. Matt. 5 : 27, 28. He who hates his brOther is a murderer. 1 John 3 :15. None but those whose hearts are renewed by God's Spirit can keep the law. Love alone can secure obedience to the law of love; but civil law can neither produce love nor compel obedience to the law of love. It will compel men by torture and otherwise to say that they are obedient and loyal, but it cannot make them so; it only makes them slaves and hypocrites. 