FEB. 16, 1803. gviv-Primmr, 53 and it is because all the nations and peo-ples of the earth are asked to participate that you have declared that this Fair ought to have the sanction of the United States. I submit that good faith requires that the religious views, whether of a part or the whole of our people, in regard to Sunday observance or otherwise, should not be obtruded into the conduct of this Fair and upon the nations thus invited to partici-pate by any act of our own national Gov-ernment. Another branch of this question touches possibly a constitutional principle. If the demand be that which is commonly ac-cepted as the demand, that the World's Columbian Exposition shall be closed upon the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, in order to testify to the world that this Nation as a Government recognizes the Christian religion as the religion of the land, if this be the ground upon which the closing of this Exposition is demanded, it is not justified by the principles of our Constitution. The Constitution of the United States framed by those whose wisdom has never yet been questioned, provided in Article 1, that Congress shall make no law re-specting an establishment of religion. The fathers of our Constitution appreci-ated too well the evils and abuses that might result from permitting the Con-gress of the United States to legislate at all upon matters of religion, or the ob-servance thereof, or upon any question involving the religious beliefs of our peo-ple. They were descendants of a heroic people who had been persecuted and driven from the lands of their birth by such abuses of the functions of govern-ment. Our Constitution contemplates that so far as Federal legislation is con-cerned, religious beliefs and religious ob-servances, as well with respect to days as to doctrines, shall be left untouched. You might as well impose upon the manage-ment of this Exposition the condition that a Jew, or a Hindoo, or Buddhist, or heathen, should be barred from its gates, as to say that the day of the week which is regarded as the Sabbath by a few of the people who are asked to participate should be observed. One is no less a violation of the spirit of the prohibition of the Con-stitution with respect to the powers of Congress than the other. If Congress is prohibited by the Constitution from mak-ing any law respecting an establishment of religion, if it could not properly im-pose conditions as to religious creeds or the observance of religious rites or cere-monies, it is, I submit, equally improper in any law to designate any day, season or time, and to compel its observance in obedience to any religion or creed. This would clearly establish a religion by Fed-eral laws. And when you are asked to compel this Fair to close upon the first day of every week in order to recognize the Christian Sabbath, and in obedience to that religion, you are asked to do that which plainly violates the spirit of the Constitution of the United States. This would then be done in national obedience to, and national observance of, a religion.,  And if you can not close the Fair on Sun-day on this ground, namely, as an act of national obedience to, and observance of, a religion which shall thus be recognized and followed in federal law making,Šupon what grounds and for what reasons can you shut its gates in the face of fifty millions of our own people and of participating nations who do not know our Sunday,  who now demand that it shall be opened? I am only asking of you that the spirit of our ConstitutionŠthat the welfare and wishes of a large majority of our common peopleŠthat good faith to the nations of this world, be considered and observed. A Candid Statement from the " Po- litical Dissenter." TN its issue of February 1, the Political Dissenter says this, editorially :Š The opponents of the act of Congress making the closing of the World's Fair on the Sabbath a condition of the national appropriation for its sup-port, appeal to the Constitution of the United States against that enactment. And this appeal is likely to prove the most effectual method of defeat-ing the operation of that law. It is altogether probable, as we have noted else-where, that the Illinois legislature will put itself in direct opposition to Congress by enacting a bill authorizing the keeping of the Fair open on the Sabbath. The general ground for such a State enactment in antagonism to the act of Congress will be that by the very nature of our national Constitution Congress is forbidden to legislate on any subject touching religion. The fathers, it is maintained, framed for the Nation a fundamental law putting all religions on a level, so far as na-tional action is concerned, and leaving the matter of religion entirely to the States. The act of Con-gress closing the World's Fair on the Sabbath will therefore be held to be unconstitutional, in that it legislates on a matter of religion at all, and speci-ally in that it legislates on such a subject in re-spect to a Fair to be held within the territory of the State of Illinois. This will at least afford opportunity for the leg-islature of Illinois to pass its own act authorizing the opening of the Fair on the Sabbath. The di-rectors of the Fair will not be slow to avail them-selves of such State authority, in the face of any national opposition. By shrewd legal tactics the Fair will be kept open every day of the week to the end; and whatever may be the final verdict in the courts, the State and the directors of the Fair will thus have won a complete victory over Con-gress and the American Nation. Such a course is possible; and being possible, it is hardly to be doubted that it will be followed out. And for our own part, we believe that the Com-monwealth of Illinois would be able to make out a strong case in its interpretation of the national Constitution, and of the powers of Congress under it. Congressional legislation on behalf of the Christian Sabbath, or any other Christian institu-tion in the life of our Nation, has no adequate legal basis in our written Constitution. And sooner or later practical questions of this very nature will and must be raised as to its correct interpretation. The case in which the Supreme Court of the United States declared, as an obiter dictum, that this is a Christian Nation, did not raise this practical ques-tion as to the Constitution at all. But a case such as the Illinois legislature now has the opportunity to bring to an issue would touch this vital point. And even suppose that the State legislature might be defeated in the end; it nevertheless has the power to win a present practical victory. And this arises from the religious defect of the Consti-tution. If the written Constitution of the United States contained to-day such an acknowledgment of Christ and his law for nations as would furnish an undeniable legal basis for, the recent enactment of Congress closing the World's Fair on the Sab-bath, the legislature of Illinois would never dream of setting itself in opposition to congressional ac-tion so indisputably constitutional as this Sabbath-closhig law would in that case be. And this is just the practical value of the proposed amendment. Is not this present argument for it conclusive We shall still hope that if Illinois raises this issue, the Supreme Court of the Nation may decide that this is a Christian Nation, with an unwritten, vital, historical and providential Constitution that is dis-tinctively and undeniably Christian, although much in our national life is out of harmony with it. Even in that case, the argument will remain in full force, that what is in the historical, vital, and unwritten Constitution, should be formulated in the written organic law. This is a very shrewd forecast of the possible outcome of the Sunday closing contest as it relates to the World's Fair. It is also a candid statement of the un-questionable unconstitutionality of the Sunday closing proviso and all other leg-islation in behalf of religious institutions or ceremonies. At the same time it is an  unhesitating plea for a union of Church and State. If the Dissenter should retain the freedom and candor of expression which marks this editorial it will openly acknowledge very soon, the moment it perceives its wishes certain of being real-ized in either form, that what had all along been sought was the dominance of the State by the Church, and therefore a union of Church and State. The Rights of Christians. [The Morning Times, of Oakland, Cal., publishes, editorially, these just and well considered strict-ures upon the false Christianity so much in vogue. When the Church departs from the example and teachings of Christ, it is no longer Christian.] WITH all deference to Christianity, and even to much which passes for Christian-ity and is not, we are compelled to note that there is coming to the front a danger-ous sentiment which assumes that the rights of Christians as represented by the churches transcend the rights of other peo-ple. In other words, the churches, es-pecially the ministry, are becoming unduly arrogant in their demands. The phrases, " This Christian people," " This Christian Nation," and others of like import, are paraded with an air that implies, " You stand aside, we are coming; we are en-titled to first consideration." This idea is emphasized by the assump-tion that to open a theater on Sunday night is an " insult " to a " Christian com-munity," and ought not to be " tolerated." Toleration is the language of the autocrat, and implies the authority to coerce at will. Toleration has no place in the definition of the rights of a free people. In this (at least nominally) free country, there is no such doctrine as one class tolerating an-other. The theory of our Government is that "all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty and th pursuit of happiness." There is no dictum as to how men shall pursue happiness. So far as the right to do so is concerned, one man has the same right to pursue happiness in the theater that another has to pursue it in the church. The theory of nearly all Chris-tian sects is that man is a free moral agent. The Christian Church never assumed the authority to tolerate or to coerce, until it had so far degenerated from primitive principles as to become a persecutor of op-ponents. And when Christian ministers talk about a Christian community, as Christians, tolerating or not tolerating in a municipal sense, they assume a preroga-tive that belongs to the citizen as a citizen, and not as a Christian. Christians are the last people in the world that ought, even if in a majority, to deprive others of their rights as citizens; for in so doing they ad-mit the right of their opponent, if in the majority, to deprive Christians of their God-given rights. They ought to remem-ber how their brethren have been made to suffer in many ages and in many localities by the spirit of disregard for the rights of others. But such a spirit, though called Chris-tian, is not Christian in a proper sense; and many, who are to-day pronounced in-fidels, are such only because they take for granted that all which passes in the name of Christ is Christian. A Christian is one who is like Christ. Now any one who will take the trouble to read the gospels will learn that Christ never asked the people 