AMERICAN SENTINEL_ 215 all control over the priesthood, so the English system ought to exclude an irreligious House of Commons from all control over the ministers of the churches. If, when the people were ignorant and barbarous, God would not permit irreligious kings to exercise any control over the religion of the country, much less does he permit an irreligious state to control the churches of instructed and enlightened Christians. If in the mere carnal dis-pensation he appointed a system where every detail was regulated by himself, and the expenditure was sustained spontaneously by the people, much more in this dispen-sation of the Spirit must he require that the churches follow exclusively the directions of his word, and spon-taneously provide for the maintenance of his worship. Sunday Laws. BY STEMPLE WHITE. ALTHOUGH the bill of rights of every State guaran-tees liberty of conscience to all, and promises to protect man's inalienable rights, yet it is a fact that all the States except two (California and Idaho) have Sunday laws, having as a basis the Sunday law of Charles II., 1676. It was but recently that modern Pharisees labored hard, though with fruitless efforts, to get a Sunday bill through the California legislature. The incongruity of Sunday laws with American prin-ciples of absolute equality and entire separation of the state from the church, is very marked, and has already proved a fruitful subject for the satirist. That greatest of novelists, Charles Dickens, hurled at those old English Sunday laws, satire in profusion. Alexander Campbell, a man whom Daniel Webster said "lived fifty years be-fore his time," wrote very forcibly against State Sunday laws, showing their absurdity, though himself an emi-nent clergyman of wide repute. Herbert Spencer and many other noted men have likewise labored very ener-getically with pen and voice in the interests of religious liberty that the people of to-day might cease to cherish pagan ideas; yet 'those very laws still remain on our statute books. The recent past has demonstrated the fact that these laws are not, as some have claimed, dead letters. In several States these dead(?) letters have been made "engines of persecution" whereby excellent citizens, who worshiped God after the manner plainly set forth in his Word, have suffered heavy penalties, even going to jail and to the chain gang. As certain as these enactments remain on our statute books as law just so certain will they some day be enforced as law. Not only may the spirit of the times alter, but it is altering, and persecut-ors are sure to make victims of their betters. In a western city, just recently, a saloon keeper, greeting the clergyman with a most cordial hand-grasp, said, "We will see that the Sunday law is strictly en-forced on all." This incident is only a "straw show- ing the drift of the current." Sunday laws as ap-plied to intemperance are in the interests of intem-perance; this is incontrovertible. In the following States Sunday laws legalize the saloon on six days of the week: Arkansas, District of Columbia, Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Louisiana (except wine for table use), Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, Nebraska, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Virginia, and Wyoming. Massachusetts, Colorado, Michigan, Nebraska, New Hampshire, and New Jersey, prohibit rioting, indecent behavior, and the disturbing of religious worship on Sunday, thereby justifying the same (according to the Sunday law) on other days. According to the Sunday laws of Colorado and Ohio, houses of ill fame are legalized on other days. Arkansas, Montana, Nevada, Utah, and Washing-ton, justify gambling on the last six days of the week by their Sunday laws. According to the Sunday statutes of Indiana, Ohio, South Carolina, and Nebraska, any kind of work done by an individual under fourteen years of age is permissi-ble on Sunday, but after having passed fourteen, should he on a Sunday follow honest industry, he is held amen-able to the State for his high crime.(?) By prohibiting prize-fighting on Sunday, Utah and Montana justify it on other days. The Sunday law of Indiana as to baseball is very amusing. If free games are played, it is held to be an in-nocent pastime for both players and spectators; but if fees be charged, thereby making it easier for the poorer classes to attend church, if they wished, the game is at once outlawed. Massachusetts prohibits the "willful injuring of fruit or forest trees" on Sundays; and Georgia prohibits "indecent bathing" on Sundays. Do these States mean to say that such acts are permissible on other days? According to the Sunday law of Connecticut, Sunday in that State begins at sunset Saturday evening. These are a few of the inconsistencies of the Sunday laws of the United States. Ought such medival relics to have a place upon the statute books to-day. "It was only by indomitable will and indefatigable energy that Jefferson and Madison and their co-laborers succeeded in establishing the principles of entire separa-tion of church and state in our national political sys-tem; and it will take many years, using the same energy, to establish the same principles in the political systems of the States." Foreseeing that public opinion would retrograde on the matter of regard for individual rights, Jefferson said, "The shackles, therefore, which shall not be knocked off at the conclusion of this war, will remain on us long, will be made heavier and heavier, till our rights shall revive or expire in a convulsion." Will it be a revival, or an expiration? 