Fine silk-finished cloth, embossed in gold and colored ink, marbled edges $2.25 .1 It II " gilt titles 2.76 Fine Russia Leather, gold side and back titles, gilt edges, extra finish 3.90 PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO, 39 Bond St., New York City. Kansas City, Mo. Oakland, Cal L".° MI IN - $1.00. SOMETHING NEW, NEAT, NICE, And necessary, if you would know, and have others know the C011PLETE DECALOGUE as God spake it from Sinai's flaming summit. A CHART 12x18 INCHES. — On thick paper, mounted at top and bottom with metal and ready to hang on the wall. Postpaid, 25 Cents. Postage stamps acceptable. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromising y opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and. State, either in name or in principle. ORGAN OF THE International Religious Iiiberty Assoeiation. Published Weekly by Paeifie Press Publishing Co. Single Copy, Per Year, ti Six months, .56 it it Three " - AMERICAN SENTINEL. 269 regard Sunday as a sacreffiday;lbut:I;would :be just fas much opposed to enforcing Sabbath laws as Sunday la ws." "Are you sure, Charlie?" "Yes, indeed. The enforcing of a reli0ous observ-ance must be very displeasing to a God who is love, and to whom all service that is not from the heart is worthless. "Our teacher spoke in a good deal the same strain as the superintendent did, and kept me after school, and tried to force me to give the salute. Very likely, mama, I shall be expelled; but if I am it will be for principle's sake." Mrs. Ross looked very serious. "We are coming to the times that try men's souls," she said. "God grant we may suffer only as Christians, and if any man suffer as a Christian, let him not be ashamed." F. B. ŠAn Ideal Book of Travel.Š BY LAND AND SEA A JOURNEY THROUGH FIVE CONTINENTS. STARTING from the interior of the United States, the reader quickly finds himself transported, as it were, to the scenes of the journey, the several stopping places being California, Hawaii, New Zealand, Australia, India, Egypt, Palestine, Italy, Switzerland, Germany. Denmark, England, and Holland. The aim of the narrative, which has been written almost wholly r om original notes and observations, has been especially directed to the object of presenting the life and nature of those regions, apart from the mental instruction and its inherent features of intellectual entertainment. The author has happily found, in the object lessons of life under its various phases and conditions, illustrations of moral truths, which are portrayed in a manner at once instructive and attractive. The book contains 392 pages, embellished with over 100 original, full-page engravings designed especially for this work, and numerous part-page illustrations, and is fur nished in the following bindings:Š Imported German Bibles. Dr. Martin Luther's Translation. WE have imported direct from Germany a select line of fine minion Reference German Bibles which we offer at the following prices postpaid:Š No. Price 60 Cloth, plain edges, heavy boards, Hamburg print,  $ .75 62 Russia, gilt edges, heavy boards, Hamburg print,  1.50 64 Arctic Seal, Orient paper lined, divinity cir- cuit, gold edges, Stuttgart print, size 4%x 6%x1X inches, thin paper, 10 pages of Helps and eight maps,  2.50 66 German Morocco, gold edges, divinity cir- cuit, leather lined to edge, Elberfeld print, size 5x8xI3inches. Five pages extra mat- ter and six maps,  3.50 Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING coNrgy, 39 Bond Street, New York City. Oakland, Cal. Kansas City, Mo. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 8. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other itdividual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York. 39 Bond Street, New York. 