778 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. News. ŁNotes . . . and Comment THE clergymen of Red Bluff, California, are seeking by means of a petition to secure the closing of business places in that town on Sunday. The petition is signed by business men who agree to close upon Sunday and by citizens who endorse the movement. There is no Sunday,  laiv in California; otherwise it is likely an appeal would be made to the law. The clergy have, of course, a perfect right to work for Sunday closing by this or any other form of moral suasion. THE coming Catholic federation " is not," `says the Catholic Mirror," to be sectarian in a narrow, bigoted sense, which would exclude in a principle all cooperation with non-Catholic organizations or individuals." There is to be cooperation, says the Mirror," wherever our field is the same as theirs, and wherever we can join our efforts with theirs on the basis of a common Christian principle of.. mo-rality." " There is no reason why a Catholic federa-tion should not exercise its powerful influence where non-Catholic organizations have been trying to do good long before an organized effort had been made by Catholics." This drawing together of Catholic and Protes-tant organiiations is for a purpose that will be more clearly seen later on. A 'RECENT press dispatch, dated at Washington, states that the European Powers are now inclined to the policy of partitioning China, and that, if this is done, the United States " can consistently pursue one of two courses. She can withdraw absolutely from. China, or she can join the ' concert' and be one of the beneficiaries when the territorial leases are secured as security for the payment of the in-demnity." The dispatch adds that " to withdraw from China would, in the administration's opinion, be inglorious," and that to join in the partition act "With as great a degree Of consistency as possible is the problem to be solved by this Government." As regards the Roman Catholic claim that the United States Government ought to give money to Catholic Indian schools, it is pointed, out by "excellent Catholic authorities," says The Indepen-dent, that "more Italians come to the United States in one year than the total number of Catholic Indians, and' they are sadly neglected religiously." Why show more interest in the spiritual welfare of the Indians than in that of the Italians? Is it not because the Papacy is anxious to maintain,  relations with the United States Government? .4 .4  A CANON has lately been planted on the French side of the English channel at a point where the English coast is only eighteen miles distant. The cannon is one that can throw a projectile -twenty miles, which would be two miles inland on English territory. A London paper has expressed some concern over the situation. It is apparent that at the rate the throwing power of cannon is' being increased it will not be very long before France can bombard England, and vice-versa, without the use of any fleet at all. "By taking the Philippines the President has made us an Eastern power," says Senator Lodge. In the prophetic Scriptures the Eastern powers are denominated "the kings of the East." Rev. .16: 12. THE " Christian Citizenship" movement has spread to Australia. 'A Melbourne journal, lately received, mentions, that " a meeting of the National Christian Citizen's League " was held in that city October II, at which the League spoke its mind on the question of Sunday enforcement, by this declara-tion: " Inasmuch as God has given the seventh day as one of rest from labor, and that day is being vio-lated by unnecessary Sunday toil in many trades, it is determined to rigorously enforce existing Sunday laws, and, if ,necessary; seek for additional legis-lation." _ This moves the Melbourne paper to inquire how the seventh day can be violated by "Sunday toil," since " every school boy knows that Sunday is the first day of the week, while the seventh day comes at the other end' of the week." " The two days," -it `observes, " are just as far apart as the week low them to be, yet we are gravely told by these 