226 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. menced their assaults upon the old religions by a disregard of their holy days, and for this they were first persecuted by the law, as they [sic] now per-secute therewith the Jews and the Seventh-day Adventists. We are not by any, means ready to ad-mit that it is the early Christians who now persecute the Jews and the Seventh-day Adventists. Neither the early Chris-tians nor any other Christians, either now or at any other time, ever did persecute. If any man persecutes, he is not a Chris-tian. It is true that the early Christians were persecuted, precisely as the Jews and the Seventh-day Adventists are now persecuted, but the persecution was then heathenish, and so it is now. The law by which the persecution was then legalized and justified, was but the manifestation of the "inexorable tendency of the logic" of the pagan " principle of human con-duct," and such only it is now. National Religion in Congress. THE honorable Senate and House of the Congress of the United States have both passed the proviso of Matthew S. (aint ?) Quay respecting religion at the World's Fair. To be sure the House refused to appropriate the five millions of dollars for the Fair recommended by the Senate and to which the Sunday closing proviso was attached, but nevertheless this was too good an opportunity to stab constitutional religious freedom to the heart, to be let slip, and consequently the religious pro-viso must be passed although it be void in effect in this special instance. The legislation as to the World's Fair appro- priation was first inserted into the sundry civil appropriation bill that all possibility of a presidential veto might be avoided ; being incorporated into the appropriations for the running expenses of the Govern-ment it must stand with the entire bill. Then the Sunday closing proviso is passed by the House, in the face of the defeat of the appropriation, in order that the appro- priation may of necessity carry the pro-viso in case the conferrees of the House and Senate should decide in favor of the appropriation and it finally be granted. Thus, in any case, the Sunday closing proviso follows the appropriation. The appropriation, with Sunday closing, if adopted, becomes an integral part of the bill providing for the running expenses of the Government. And, whether the appropriation is granted or not, whether the Fair is closed on Sunday or not, the congressional attitude is still the same. The Constitution is stultified. Congress has made a law respecting religion. In the Senate no division was taken upon the Sunday closing question. It seemed to pass by a large majority. In the House the Sunday closing was concurred in by a vote of 147 to 61 with 120 not voting. And this because the honorable congress- men are willing, as the New York World pithily puts it, " to sacrifice both the Fair and its usefulness in order that they may make an insincere and hypocritical pre- tense of a piety which they do not prac-tice." Senator Peffer, of Kansas, who has not been so long in public life as to have lost his native candor of speech, said during the debate in the Senate :Š Mr. President,. I do not care to go into a discus-sion of the theological history of Sabbath ob-servance or of the keeping of Sunday. It is suf-ficient for my present purpose to know that though it may be true that in every State of the Amer- ican Union the laws recognize the day commonly called Sunday and attach penalties for what is termed the desecration of that day, in truth in not one of the States is the law practically observed. We here at the capital of the Nation, though to-day we are engaged in a theological discussion concern-ing the observance of the first day of the week, are in the habit of receiving our mail twice every Sun-day. We are in the habit of going away from the city and of returning to the city ; we are in the habit of going up and down the river; we are in the habit of going out on little private excursions of our own, taking care of ourselves during Sun-day the same as we do during other days. I mention this, Mr. President, not for the pur-pose of expressing dissent from senators who feel differently about the matter, nor do I wish it to be understood that I do not desire the observance of Sunday, or that I do not desire the setting apart and the consecration of a rest-time for the people, but my object is to call the attention of the Senate while we are discussing this matter to the patent fact that a great deal of this-talk of ours about the observance of Sunday is sheer hypocrisy. That is a strong word, I know, but there is a great deal of truth in it, and I do not know how better to ex-press my feeling upon the subject. Mr. Morgan, senator from Alabama, said :Š . This proposed law, Mr. President, in one sense prohibits the free exercise of religion. . . . To-day there is attempted a union of Church and State. What is this demand that this money shall not be appropriated to-day for this great Exhibi-tion, except that the church demands that it shall have assistance in closing those gates by act of Congress ? Who but the church makes this de-mand ? Not one church, but many churches. Some churches are opposed to it, it is true. Not only, Mr. President, is it the union of Church and State, but it is an attempted union of politics and religion. We have had a little bit of experience on this subject, and I want to show how sacred and how safe the Sabbath is in the hands of the Congress of the United States. We have three laws on our statute books in regard to the Sabbath. One of these laws prevents the faculty of West Point from compelling the boys to continue their studies on Sunday; another just like it relates to the faculty at Annapolis. Notwithstanding that, however, ac-cording to the Rules and Articles of War, and the universal practice in the Navy and also in the Army, we have our Sunday morning reviews, in which we ascertain the condition and strength of the Army in all particulars. There is only one other general law which we have attempted to pass on this subject, which illus-trates very forcibly, I think, the morality of Con-gress in dealing with the Sabbath. Here is the ut-most endeavor of Congress in respect to the ob-servance of the Sabbath heretofore. I will read it: SEC. 3288. No malt, corn, grain, or other material shall be mashed, nor any mash, wort, or beer brewed or made, nor any still used by a distiller, at any time between the hour of 11 in the afternoon of any Saturday and the hour of 1 in the fore-noon of the next succeeding Monday; and every person who violates the provisions of this section shall be liable to a pen-alty of $1,000. There the Congress of the - United States ex-pressly authorizes the distillation of ardent spirits under its law, but when they come down to 11 o'clock on Saturday night they put on " the livery of ithe court of heaven to serve the devil in," and they exempt from 11 o'clock on Saturday night until —1 o'clock on Monday morning out of the period of time when there shall be any work done in the making of whisky. There is a union of Church and State. There is a union of politics and religion. Brew on, malt on, distill on, mash on, work for the devil until 11 o'clock on Saturday night, then suspend until 1 o'clock on Monday morning and go to work again, says Congress. That law stands there; and that, I repeat, is the utmost endeavor of the Congress of the United States in preserving the sanctity of the Sabbath! Mr, President, I think we ought to drop this sub-ject, unless we can do better than that. I think we had better leave it to our constituents, our friends, our people, this grand and splendid people of the United States, to direct themselves and their children and their friends, through moral influence and moral power and through the light and blessedness of religion, into higher walks of life. Congress can not guide them there. Congress serves the mammon of unright-eousness whenever it has a chanceŠnever fails to do it. It was the wisest of all the provisions in the Constitution of the United States, or rather in the amendments, that Church and State should be di-vorced from each other. Senator Sanders, of Montana, very per-tinently spoke for the great unrepresented majority :Š If it be true that one thirty-second part Of the  citizens of the United States have expressed to Con-gress the opinion that they ought to make, as a condition precedent to an appropriation of this character, the closing of the gates of that Expo-sition one-seventh of the time, it nevertheless re-mains the duty of Congress to stop and enquire in behalf of the 63,000,000 people who have not thus expressed themselves, whether that is wise or no. Again Mr Morgan, of Alabama, most aptly said :Š Mr. President, after the impassioned address of the senator from Georgia [Mr. Colquitt], upon the subject of this Sunday amendment proposed by the senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Quay]Šand I think the argument naturally arises out of the excitement and feeling, to say nothing of the ani-mosity, which have been excited here towards cer-tain classes of peopleŠthat Congress ought to be very careful not to interfere in those matters of legislation which have reference entirely to church affairs. I thought when I called the attention of the Sen-ate to the fact that the Constitution of the United States separated Church and State, that I had pretty good ground to stand on to justify myself in obey-ing what I conceive to be my duty under that in-strument and to oppose on this floor the connection of Church and State. Here is a measure which originates entirely with the Senate, a Republican body, with a Republican committee, with a Republican chairman, and a Re-publican majority throughout. They brought in this bill for the purpose of assisting the World's Fair, and certain other Republicans who thought that there might be a good chance to make political capital out of this business, proposed to amend this bill by inserting a provision against opening the gates on Sunday. The most astute politician in this Chamber, or perhaps in the United States, originated that amendment, and the last one who was on the floor, the senator from New York [Mr. Hiscock], referred to the Democratic major-ity of the House of Representatives and said that this amendment would not be welcomed over there. Others in both the Senate and the House, from whom there is no space to quote now, had the courage and the statesman-like sense to oppose this measure yet it passed the Senate as a party vote, and go-ing to the House fulfilled there the stric-ture of Mr. Morgan as to its being a measure brought forward and to be used for political capital, for while the House defeated the appropriation it passed the Sunday closing clause in .Reference to the aggressive demands of a misguided reli-gious sentiment. When commenting some time ago upon the decision by Justice Brewer that " this is a Christian 'Nation," the question was asked, " What next ?" That has been an- swered. What next ? W. H. M. Ł The Present Standard of Justice. REV. CHARLES FERGUSON, Rector of St. James Church, Syracuse, N. Y., in an open letter of advice to the locked-out laboring men of Homestead, Pa., who recently had so desperate a conflict with the Pinkerton men, says :Š Demand just what the public conscience demands and nothing more. You will thus repel the charge of lawlessness and put yourselves in accord with the supreme law of the land and the court of final appeal. For the public welfare is the supreme law, and the public conscience is the final interpreter of that law. Make no threats, then, but trust your case to the conscience of the country. There are most evident signs on every hand to-day that that conscience is clear and uncorrupted. Rest your case on the public conscience. You can not win against that; you can not lose if that be on your side. This shows what sort of a foundation we have for justice and just dealing in this country at the present time. There is not an appealing to the fundamental principles and the inalienable rights of mankind, but to the capricious standard of public sentiment. This is exactly in barwony with th0 ipse dixit of J.udge 