236 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. ambition, for he expects the time to come, when the Church, as such, Šaside from, and without intervention by, the civil Gov-ernment,Šwill pat these two contending parties on the head and say, "Be still; stop quarreling! " And they will imme-diately comply, because the law through which it will speak will have within itself the magic power to eliminate "selfishness and covetousness." But will this be the " peace " which Jesus came to establish between God and man, and between man and his fellows ?" The Church is gaining power, but not rapidly enough to scoff the idea of beseeching the high governing powers for intervention in such matters as we have just seen." And all this antici-pation of the future power of the Church comes of the fact " that the Church has weight with great political or governing bodies as has been demonstrated in the late World's Fair matter." Who will take warning ? E. J. HIBBARD. Great Is the American Sunday. WHEN Paul preached the gospel in Ephesus, the people, fearful that their goddess could not take care of herself, urged on by those who thought their craft in danger, raised a popular clamor to drive out the apostle, and to encourage them-selves; and to try to make it appear so, they skouted for hours, " Great is Diana of the Eph.esians ! " There is a very sim-ilar sound in the following from Rev. J. A. Crugan,Congregationalist, in the San Francisco .xamtner, of July 17, and from thousands of others also :Š My principal objection to the opening of the World's Fair on Sunday is that the grandest thing that we have to show to the nations of the Old World is the American Sunday. It is safe to say that among the great things of Sunday will be the contradic-tory creeds of Chicago's churches, and the grand exhibition of drunkenness, debauch-ery, and licentiousness with which Chi-cago will that day abound. If Sunday is of God, it needs no legal support, and its adherents would never ask it. It is the conscious weakness of its moral and religious side which leads its adherents to demand for its support the aid of statute law.ŠSigns of the Times. "The. American Sabbath." UNDER this head the Patriot, published at Lamoni, Iowa, gives forcible editorial expression to some plain facts as to the present assault upon patriotism and reli-gion in the United States. The Patriot speaks thus :Š The leading spirits in the move to secure the recognition in the United States by some sort of legal action of what they call the "American Sab-bath," may not have become fully conscious of the fact, but it is nevertheless true, that they are per-petrating a fraud upon the people in the name of religion. This consists first is the name which they have assumed for the day of the week upon which they propose to legally compel all men within our borders to seem to rest, the "American Sabbath." In order to warrant the use of this distinctive phrase, there must either be a formal recognition of a certain day as the Sabbath day by the voice of the whole American people at some properly designated time when their voice upon that question could be heard, and there must be all but a universal observance of that day by the American people without such a recognition by formal voice or vote. Up to the present time there has been neither one. The rather unpleasant conviction is forced upon the independent investigator, that the gentlemen of the cloth in using the phrase, "American Sab-bath," are following about the same tactics which  liquor men and politicians do when they declare in favor of temperanceŠattempting to secure recog-nition for one thing by a specious pretense of de-votion to something else. There is not, and necessarily can not be, any such thing as an American Sabbath. There can be an American Congress, because the people of the United States have the right and power to elect one; there can be an American President, an American Government, American laws pertaining to the conduct of people as American citizens, or the course of the Government toward its citizens, or the citizens or governments of other lands, be-cause all these the people of the United States have the power to elect, enact, or establish ; but there can be no such thing as an American Sabbath, be-cause the people of the United States have no power to appoint any day which is to be observed with reference, to God and heaven, nor compel its observance when it is appointed. To attempt such a thing is clearly rebellion against heaven and God; and to look with favor upon it is to look with favor upon such rebellion. If the observance of a Sabbath day is primarily the result of a heavenly command, then the ex-pression, an "American Sabbath," justly and prop-erly construed, implies the following things: Gen-eral authority from heaven vested in the American Nation to promulgate and enforce the commands of God; second, the formal promulgation by the American people of the decree that the first day of the week is the Sabbath of the Lord and shall be observed as such. We deny that either of these conditions has obtained. The American Nation has never been authorized to promulgate the de-crees of heaven. On the contrary, the most authoritative and completely binding document which that people has ever adopted, formally and clearly forbids Congress, the highest power in the Government, making any attempt to exercise any religious authority whatever, even going so far as to forbid the application of any religious tests, which compels the equal recognition of infidel and Christian, Mohammedan and Buddhist. Having no authority to promulgate religious decrees or ordinances, and being specially forbidden to do so, the Government has not promulgated any decree authorizing or enjoining the observance of any day of the week as the Sabbath of the Lord, and there-fore there is no such thing as the "American Sab-bath." These are statements of truths which are patent. Congressmen do not even need to read them as they run, for they have both learned and relearned them from boyhood up, and their natural in-telligence as American citizens, certainly, if of native birth, would, unassisted, teach them that these strictures are just. Why, then, will they permit their names to go on record as voting for legislation on reli-gious subjects ? Political religion already dominates Congress; how long before it will rule the country ? Look on This, and Then on This. THE Pittsburg Times, of July 25, con-tains two finely contrasted items, the one descriptive of a " ratification meeting," held to express gratification over the ac-tion of Congress as to the closing of the World's Fair; and the other a paragraph of telegraphic news from Washington, showing how quickly Congress had for-gotten its sudden respect for Sunday, when its committees were conferring for a good portion of that day upon the very bill containing the religious clause. The account of the satisfaction over congressional error and hypocrisy reads thus :Š A ratification meeting of the Reform Bureau over the Sabbath closing action of Congress in connection with the World's Fair, was held in Sil-ver Lake grove last evening and it was well at-tended. After a few remarks by Peter Dick, the Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts, the speaker of the evening, was introduced. Mr. Crafts first drew a vivid word painting of the Senate chamber during the discussion of the Sun-day closing bill, and spoke of the great reverence of the members during the reading of the third commandment. He then spoke of this passage of the bill as one of the great decisive victories in the war of reform. He said: " Those who say that  the holy Sabbath is gone have their answer in the decision of Congress and Senate, who merely echo the sentiments of 40,000,000 people." The speaker then pointed out the importance of following up this great victory, using as an illus-tration the fact that many generals were changed after some of the battles in the late civil war be-cause they failed to follow the victories they had gained. He urged the people to keep the enemy on the run. He then spoke of the evils of the con-tinental Sabbath, showing by statistics that its tri-umph in this country only meant more working days for the laborers.. He stated that in foreign countries the monarch kept the people intoxicated by the pleasures of the continental Sabbath, lie spoke of the great help to the good cause done by personal letters to the members of the Senate, and, in conclusion, urged the people to do all in their power to prevent the repeal of the Sunday laws of Pennsylvania at the next session of the Legislature, by using their influence and writing letters ex-pressing their sentiments on the subject to the members of the House. The contrasting paragraph is headed, " Working on the Sunday Bill," and is as follows:Š The Senate and House conferrees on the sundry civil bill spent six or seven hours of the warm Sabbath day in the cool chamber of the Senate committee on appropriations, endeavoring to reach an agree-ment on the sundry civil bill. Their efforts were partially successful, they having agreed on various items which were compromised, as well as to throw out some which were in the nature of appropria-tions based upon new legislation. Such facts as this, and there are manyŠthere will be many more alsoŠare a suffi-cient criterion of the spirit in which this legislation has been passed. What can be the fruit of such as this ? " Do men gather grapes of thorns or figs of this-tles ?" Ł The " Civil Sabbath" vs. Religion. IT is easy to see that the law which ex-alts the " civil Sabbath," works evil to religion, by placing the human authority in place of the divine. This is especially true of Sunday, since comparatively few, even among Christians, make the divine law the basis of its observance. This state of things destroys conscience, and hence religious regard for Sunday. When men are at leisure at the same time on any grounds except religious obli-gation, the temptation to holidayism is much stronger than the invitation to Sab-bathism. Irreligious men will drift to holidayism and dissipation if compelled to be idle. The demands of business and the al-lurements of pleasure do not keep the masses from church so much as does lack of sympathy for the church services and for religious worship. If true Sabbath-ism is ever attained in connection with Sunday or any other day, there must be two radical departures from present meth-ods. 1. Cease to depend on civil law, and turn the whole current of discussion into the religious channels where it belongs. 2. Separate all legislation against liquor selling from the Sunday laws against other forms of business, and so take from the Sunday saloon its most effective weapon. As it now is, the union of the anti-Sunday saloon laws, and the laws against ordinary labor, in the same gen-eral category furnishes the saloon with a sword ready sharpened, which they wield with deadly effect. The effort to close the saloons on Sunday only, is a mighty bar-rier against the full prohibition of the traffic on other days. Legislation against the saloon is always in order. It ought not to cease until that curse is put away, but when the main efforts of the temper-ance people are against Sunday selling, 