DECEMBER 3, 1896. AS_Miat-tf 379 the divine law is. A decision must be made on this point, for there is no general agreement among men as to what the divine law includes, or what it commands. It is true, the divine law is stated in the Scrip-ture; but there is almost nothing over which men are so universally divided as the mean- ing of Scripture. And besides this, the Scripture tells us that the divine law is spir-itual, and that spiritual truths must be spir-itually discerned. To be spiritually minded, not politically minded, is what is required at the very start in order to know what the divine law means. This, however, will not greatly interfere with the action of the political majority. Almost any person is able to tell what the law of God meansŠto his own satisfaction; and "the majority" will no doubt be able to decide upon its meaning to their own satis-faction, at least sufficiently to enable the machinery of this "divine" governMent to be set in motion. The world has had "Chris-tian" governments in the pastŠgovernments that have denied that they received any powers from the consent of the governedŠand kings, emperors, and others who have stood at the head of such governments have never shown much hesitancy in deciding what the govern-ment must do to carry out the will of God. If they could not decide themselves they could inquire of the pope, and the governing ma-jority might do the same to-day! The minority in the government must, of course, submit to the will of the majority. Not to do so would be anarchy. The public Šor governmentalŠ"conscience" will then ,be the only moral monitor needed. Obedi-ence to the government will be obedience to the divine law, and the individual conscience will find its occupation- gone. The minority will secure salvation simply by obedience to the majority, for the majority will "enforce the divine law." This arrangement dispenses with the necessity for faith, or for Bible study, at least on the part of the minority. This accords exactly with the Christian En-deavor view that "The only preparation for the lofty privileges of the heavenly, is con-spicuous and persevering fidelity in the ful-fillment of the duties pertaining to our earthly citizenship." And this is just what is presented to the world in the papacy. The papist does not need the Bible, for does he not have the priest to tell him what is right? And the priest has the prelate to instruct him, and these in turn have the pope, who is infallible! These represent the "majority" who govern the "minority"Šthe common peopleŠunder the papal system. Small wonder that under it there is no need felt, and little seen, of the word of God and faith. And that this scheme of government by the enforcement of "divine law" presents the, same features, is proof of its essentially papal character. A STUMBLING TO TYRANTS ONLY. Now that in the interests of a religious des-potism the Declaration of Independence is openly attacked, it is well to remember the words of Abraham Lincoln as to the merit of that document and the meaning of those who framed it, spoken when it was attacked in the interests of the civil despotism of slavery. He said that by the Declaration its framers " meant to set up a standard maxim for free society, which should be familiar to all, and referred to by all, constantly looked to, con-stantly labored for, and, even though never perfectly attained, constantly approximated,  and thereby constantly spreading and deepen-ing its influence and augmenting the happi-ness and value of life of all people of all color everywhere. . . . Its authors meant it to be, as, thank God, it is now proving itself, a stumbling block to all those who, .in after time, might seek to turn a free people back into the hateful paths of despotism. They knew the proneness of prosperity to breed ty-rants, and they meant when such should re-appear in this fair land and commence their vocation, they should find left for them at least one hard nut to crack. " In those days our Declaration of Inde-pendence was held sacred by all, and thought to include all; but now, to aid in making the bondage of the negro [and now the bondage of the consciences of allŠEDITOR SENTINEL] universal and eternal, it is assailed and sneered at, and construed, and hawked at, and torn, till, if its framers could rise from their graves, they could not at all recognize it." It is well for the American people to know, and forever to bear in mind, that the Decla-ration of Independence can never be assailed, or sneered at, or hawked at, except in the en-deavor to turn a free people back into the hateful paths of despotism. THE NEW KINGDOM OF GOD. Ix 1894, the writer attended a convention in Williamsport, Pa., called to celebrate the one hundredth anniversary of the enactment of the present Pennsylvania Sunday law. The convention was composed largely of members of the National Reform Association, an or-ganization originated by the Reformed Pres-byterian Church for the purpose of securing an amendment to the national Constitution recognizing Christ as the ruler of nations and the Bible as the basis of all legislation. On being introduced to the promoter of the convention as one who opposed his movement, the following conversation in substance fol-lowed:Š National ReformerŠI am surprised that you people who claim to be Christians oppose our movement. AnswerŠWe oppose your movement be-cause we are Christians and in the interests of Christianity. - National ReformerŠBut why do you oppose it ? AnswerŠWe oppose it because it is an at-tempt to reinstate, the theocratical form of government instituted by the Lord in the dayS of Moses, when the Lord governed by direct revelation of his will. This order of things has been abrogated by the word of the Lord as recorded in Eze. 21: 25-27; and every at-tempted theocracy since that time has lacked the essential element of a true theocracyŠit has lacked the true TheosŠthat is, it has lacked the true God. In the place of God it has put man. As a result we have the pages of history stained with the records of persecu-tion, carried on in the name of God and pro-fessedly in the interests of the kingdom of God. National ReformerŠGod never changes. He governed Israel by means of a theocracy and that is the form of government he desires to establish in America. ReplyŠTrue, God does not change, but men do. And because of the perverseness of men, God has declared that the theocracy " shall be no more until He come whose right it is," and then he declares, " I will give it Him." Not until Christ comes from heaven and destroys all earthly kingdoms, and all wicked men, and melts the earth with "fervent  heat," and burns up the last trace of man's wicked worksŠthen, and not till then, will the Lord establish a theocracy in the earth. When Christ came he distinctly declared, " My kingdom is not of this world," and re-fused to be made king. National Reformer---When Christ came the government was a monarchy. Had it been a republic like our government or like the repub-lic of Israel it would have been different. ReplyŠThe government of Israel was not in any sense a republic. The people did not select the rulers. Moses and Aaron were chosen by the Lord. The subordinate rulers were chosen by Moses at the direction of the Lord. The people did not make their own laws. All their laws were given by the Lord directly or through Moses. But leaving this point; Who is to take the place of Moses in the kingdom of God which you propose to set up here in America ? The elements of the kingdom of God were God, Moses and the people. In your contemplated kingdom, who will occupy the place of Moses and receive the law from God and enforce it upon the people ? National ReformerŠThe Christian people will occupy the place of Moses. ReplyŠBut who are the Christian people that are to succeed Moses? There are many who claim to be Christian. There are Roman Catholics, Episcopalians, Methodists, Baptists, Presbyterians, Adventists, etc., Š who will rule for God in the place f Moses ? National ReformerŠThe-  Christian people of the country. ReplyŠBut who are the Christian people that are to rule for God? If they are yourself and the members of your association, where are your credentials ? Moses had credentials from God and showed theist- to the people. Where are yours ? At this point the conversation was abruptly closed by the departure of the National Re-former, but insisting as he walked away that " the Christian people should rule in the pro-posed kingdom of God in America." Some readers will doubtless smile at the absurd position of this member of the Na-tional Reform Association and think to pass the matter by with the remark that it is the wild scheme of a few well-meaning, but mis-guided, Scotch Presbyterians who have brought with them to this country some of their old Covenantor notions of government. If these dangerous theories of government were confined to the minds of this small Pres-byterian sect, the situation would not be so serious; but, astonishing as it is true, the great Christian Endeavor Society has committed itself to these same views. It is proposed by them to establish the kingdom of God in America now, as the fol-lowing quotations from the official reports of addresses at annual conventions clearly show: The objective point of Christianity as taught must be changed. This, not otherworldliness, must become the motive for action. The consumma-tion of Christianity is not in a " happy land, far,far, away," but in this real, old sin-cursed earth; nor is it to be looked for in the distant visionary "good time coming " or the "sweet by and by," but in the "near now and now." The Christian church must be made to realize fully the spirit and purpose of Christ. Christ came not to establish a church, but a kingdom. The es-tablishment of the kingdom of heaven on earth was the object of his mission.' But how is this kingdom of heaven to be established for the Lord in the earth by these Endeavorers? This way:Š To the Christian Endeavorer politics means an 1" Official Report of the Fourteenth International Christian Endeavor Convention" (Boston, 1895), p. 284. 