400 THE AMERICAN_ SENTINEL. Vol,. 5, No. 50. NEW YORK, DECEMBER 1$, 1890. NOTE.Š Any one receiving the AMERICAN-  SENTINEL without having ordered it may ,know that It -is seat to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out DO papers withmit ray in adVance, except by special arrangement, therefOre, 010Se who have not ordered the SENTINEL need haVe no fears that they will be-asked to pay for it simply because they-take it from the post-office. JOSEPH COOK says : " With a glorious American common school system and a glorious American church, there can be a glorious American Republic; not other-wise." What does Mr.' Cook mean by " a glorious American church " ? Does he mean a church established by- law and supported by the State as the schools are established and supported ? A LETTER from Salem, Oregon, brings the intelligence that Mr. Crafts has ar-ranged to have a Sunday bill-  introduced into the Legislature of that State at its next session, which begins January 12, 1891. If we mistake not the gentleman who is to have charge of the bill will find that he has a big job on his hands. The friends of religious liberty. are awake in Oregon. AUSTIN, Minnesota, is agitated over the fact that Sunday work has-been done on the new public school building in that.  town. The Methodist Sunday school re-cently adopted a series of resolutions de-nouncing the work as "a flagrant violation of the law, and an outrage upon the relig-ious sentiment of this community, and an open assault upon the American Sabbath." THE Christian at Work remarks that "the Baptists, the only evangelical de-nomination that was not repreSented in the recent meeting in New York, at which it was unanimously agreed that church property should not be taxed, considered the question at a meeting in Baltimore on the 24th ult. All the Baptist ministers in Baltimore agreed that church property should be taxed, but differed as to the manner in. which the tax should be im-posed." OUR readers will remember that in our issue of November 27, we made brief men-tion of the arrest of two men, Robert Gibb and William Fritz, in Howard County, Missouri, for doing farm work on Sunday. They were placed under bonds for their appearance at the Circuit Court December 2, 1890. The State Attorney, in his official zeal, forgot, or was ignorant of; an exemption clause for seventh-day observers in the legal code of Missouri. In the interim he seems to have informed himself upon this point, for when the day  set for the trial:  arrived, he -entered a nolle prosequi; the State paying the costs. Large delegations had come from the sur-rounding cOuntry`to witness the trial: MONDAY, December 1, the American, Sabbath Union filed its certificate of in-corporation. Its object is " to have the Sabbath generally ob.served as a day of rest and worship." " The founders 'of the Union are General 0. 0. Howard, Post-master-General John Wanamaker, Col, Elliott F. Shepard, J. F. Hurst, J. ;M. King, Edward G. Andrews, Robert S. MacArthur, A. C. Widekind, Leighton Williams, Robert C. Alexander, W. R. Worrell, Alexander S. Bacon, and Chief Justice Noah Davis." It with be observed that in stating the object of the Union its incorporators say, " To have the Sabbath generally observed as a day of rest and worship." They ap-peal to the law-making power to enable them to accomplish their object,- therefore they appeal to the State to cause men to worship. THE second annual session of the Ameri-can Sabbath Union was held in Philadel-phia on the 8th and 9th insts. The session was a stormy one and anything but credit-able to the management. Mr. Crafts, who made the Union, broke with it several months since, and labored independently in the West during the summer and fall. The meeting was, it appears, appointed early in the week, to shut out Western dele-gates, who were, as a rule, favorable to Mr. Crafts and hostile to the New York management. Nevertheless the Crafts men were there in sufficient numbers to seri-ously divide the flock, notwithstanding the fact that they had a Shepard (Colonel El-liott F.) over them. Colonel Shepard was re-elected Presi-dent; the incorporation secured before the meeting was approved; a board of twenty-one directors were elected;, and the Constitu-tion amended in several important particu-lars ; but the outlook for the Union is not promising. Jealousies and dissensions are weakening it, and unless wiser counsels prevail during the coining year than ap-peared in the Philadelphia meeting, their bond of union may prove a rope of sand. THE Sabbath Association of Pennsylva-nia seems not to have had perfectly clear sailing at its recent meeting in Pittsburg: Rev. D. S. Kennedy had been placed upon the programme for an address, which would probably never have been made had the managers of the meeting known before-hand just what Mr. Kennedy was going to say; for he vigorously opposed Sunday legislation; deprecated the idea of making people mieral by civil law, and asked the assembled delegates if their interest in the Sabbath was due to any hunian enactment. We regret that we have not a copy of  Mr. Kennedy's speech, as We should like very much to publish it. If all ministers had as clear views of the proper relations between Church and.  State, and of 'the appropriate sphere of civil law, THE SENTINEL would not need to be published, and the so-palled Sabbath Unions might go out of business, and the energy re-quired to run them could be devoted to legitimate Christian work. Ł 1p  .  WE not only, admit, but we maintain the right of the State to establish an edu-cational qualification for voters. But it would not purify politics. Educated men are pretty equally divided between the two great parties, and so are the ignorant and the vicious; indeed the latter are dan-gerous to the country only as they are manipulated and used by the former. Many of the ignorant are honest, and many of the educated are dishonest. Ł THE King's Daughters, an organization which, we regret to say, is hand in glove with the National Reformers, has a mem-bership of over one hundred and sixty thousand. This order comprises an " un-sectarian body of Christian women," hav-ing for their original object the advance-ment of religion and charity. But like the Woman's Christian Temperance Union they are spending time, money, and energy on side issues. Ł ARCHBISHOP RYAN is credited with the following : "If all the people of the country were Catholics, and all politicians good, pious men, then such union [union of Church and State] would produce good ef-fects, but as the world is at present, it is better to have them separate and let them work out their ends." No Paper Next Week. As the present volume of THE AMERI-CAN SENTINEL iS to consist of fifty num-bers, we will issue no paper next week. No. 1, Vol. 6, will bear date of January 1, 1891. Index for Volume V. AN index for volume V of THE AMERI-CAN SENTINEL has been printed, and virj.11 be furnished free, upon application, to those desiring it. TIE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1.00 In clubs o1 ten or more.copies, per year, each, . . 75c. To foreign countries, single, subscription, post-paid. . 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York. 