16 AIVIMEtICAIV YoL. 10, /40. 2. NEW YORK, JANUARY 10, 1805. VW-  ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some riend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. WE are glad to see our contemporaries copying our original articles, even if they fail to give us credit. It is the dissemina-tion of truth for which we aim, not popu-larity. THE Evangelist, a leading Presbyterian paper published in this city, contained the following paragraph, under date of Dec. 27th :Š The new s4bretary of the Papal Legation in this country, Father Rooker, recently appointed by the pope to succeed Dr. Papi, appears to have been nom-inated hi accordance with a recognition of this rela-tive condition of things, Father Rooker is an Amer-ican and of the liberal school represented by Cardinal Gibbons and Archbishop Ireland and the brilliant Paulist Father who recently lectured to the students in Union Seminary. His choice appears to be a good omen for America, and for the church of which he is a representative. " A good omen for America!" Blind, indeed, must be the American Protestant who can see a good omen for America in the appointment of any Roman Catholic to secretaryship of the Papal Legation at Washington. The more he is like "Arch-bishop Ireland and the brilliant Paulist Father who recently lectured to the stu-dents in Union Seminary," the sooner will the scheme of Rome be realized. Shades of Martin Luther ! Are American Protestants drunk ? Yes, drunk with the wine of Babylon. THE real spirit of National Reform was well exemplified in the recent New Castle convention by the means used to counter-act the influence of certain religious lib-erty publications, distributed there prior to the meeting. These publications were, " Limitations of Civil Authority from the Standpoint of Natural Right and Divine Obligation; " and, " Why Do Seventh-day Adventists Suffer Imprisonment Rather Than Keep Sunday ?" Reference was made to these publications several times, and always in a way to prejudice the peo-ple against them. But the climax of misrepresentation was reached when Dr. D. McAllister exhibited a copy of the Truth Seeker to the audience, and calling attention to the cartoons on the first and last pages, said that such was secularism gone to 'seed; that such was the logical conclusion of opposition to their move-ment, etc. ; and classed the AMERICAN SENTINEL with the paper he was exhibit-ing. This was grossly unfair, for the SENTINEL has nothing in common with the Truth Seeker, except opposition to National Reform, and even this is from so  widely different a standpoint that it can scarcely be said to be in common. But unfair and misleading as was Dr. McAllister's statement, "it was not suffi-ciently so to satisfy, Dr. H. H. George, and he arose in the convention, and re-ferring again to the religious liberty pub-lications, said, "They all emanate from the same source and are of the same char-acter." Nothing could be more false, for while the Truth Seeker is intensely hostile to all revealed religion, the tracts to which reference has been made are consistently Christian, and breathe a spirit of genuine Christian piety; and this every honest man must admit, whether he agrees with the conclusions reached or not. The statements made were nothing short of palpable violations of the ninth command-ment, and especially is this true of that made by Dr. George; indeed, it is hard to believe that his was not a deliberate pur-pose to deceive the audience as to the character of the tracts in question. But is infidelity " opposition to Na-tional Reform gone to seed " ? Is it the logical conclusion of opposition to the so-called " Christian theory of civil govern-ment" ? By no means; for as we have repeatedly shown in these columns, Na-tional Reform is itself anti-Christian. Moreover, it is no more logical to class the Truth Seeker and the AMERICAN SENTINEL together because they both oppose Na-tional Reform, than it would be to class the Truth Seeker and the Christian States-man together because they both oppose Romanism. The Roman Catholic can just as consistently argue that infidelity is simply opposition to Romanism gone to seed, as the National Reformers can argue that infidelity is simply opposition to National Reform gone to seed. Either is a begging of the question and is unworthy of honest men. Let the National Reform-ers meet and refute, if they can, from the Scriptures to which we constantly appeal, the arguments of the SENTINEL. Yea, let them clear themselves of the charge that their so-called reform is not subversive of the very foundation principles of the religion of the Lord Jesus Christ which they profess to serve. IN a speech to the pontifical household, Dec. 24, as reported by the World, the pope said :Š The faith is reviving among the nations, which have come to recognize that civil virtues and laws are not sufficient to restrain the masses. It Is of great im-portance, therefore, that all work together to make religion a force in public as well as in private life. It is the duty of rulers to lend their support to religious creeds. The one great scheme which the pope is working to bring the governments of the world in submission at his feet is here briefly stated. "The masses cannot be con-trolled without religion. The Protestant religion commenced in anarchy and.  ends with anarchy. The only religion which  can restrain the masses is the Roman Catholic religion." Therefore, "it is the duty of rulers to lend their support to re-ligious [Roman Catholic] creeds." Rome breeds anarchy in her followers by telling them that the nation which does not rec-ognize the Roraan Catholic creed is a he-retical nation, unstable, and must sooner or later come to ruin. When this teach-ing bears fruit in social unrest, riots and.  Coxeyism, she points to these social dis-turbances and charges it upon a failure to recognize the papal creed, and offers, to calm the troubled waters in exchange for power. The Catholic World of August last, closed its observations on the Coxey movement which were similar to the statement of the pope here quoted, with the significant remark : " What pos-sibilities there are in the old church!" This game of the pope will succeed and that soon, but this very success will pref-ace the everlasting overthrow of this,  anti-Christian system. See Revelation, chaps. 17, 18, and 19. Ł EX-SENATOR TOLLEY, of Tennessee, who has been a careful reader of the AMERICAN SENTINEL for several years, writes thus complimentary of the paper : " There is not an abler, fairer, or more convincing advocacy of any cause by any organ in the whole country than that displayed by the SENTINEL for the cause it champions." And now, a word of encouragement to the State branches of the International Tract Society, which are sending the SEN-tinel to the members of State legislatures. Mr. Tolley, who has labored and is labor-ing so earnestly and unselfishly for the;; relief of the persecuted seventh-day ob-servers of his State, first became interested in the SENTINEL while a member of the Tennessee legislature. The paper was sent free to all the members of that body, and Mr. Tolley became interested in it and has been a regular subscriber ever since. It would pay to send the paper to, every legislator in the United States, if' perchance it would result in the discovery of another such a friend of liberty of con--science, and there certainly must be more of them. THE valuable work, " The Marvel of Nations," advertised for one dollar on the advertisement page, can be obtained with one year's subscription to the SENTINEL for $1.25. This applies to renewals as well a$ new subscribers. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and Aberernise-, uncompromisingly opposed to anything teadieg toward a union of Church and state, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, , $1.0... In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per,year, 90e - .c25 to 99 " " " - - 80c 61 100 to 249 " " " " -- 75c 250 to 41)9 " " " " 4 - 70c 46 500 to 999 "" " " Š - 65c " 1000 or more " " " - - 60c To foreign countries in Postal Union, -_ 6 ;billings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City, 