  -If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, I Judge him not: for I Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World."  VOLUME 10. NEW YORK, APRIL 25, 1895. NUMBER 17.   American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. ALONZO T. JONES, CALVIN P. EOLLMAN, LEON A. SMITH, - THE DUTY TO OBEY CIVIL RULERS. THAT it is a Christian duty to obey civil government no believer in the inspiration of the Scriptures can deny. In the thirteenth chapter of Romans it is expressly commanded: Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers. For there is no power but of God: the powers that be are ordained of God. Who-soever therefore resisteth the power, resisteth the ordinance of God: and they that resist shall receive' to themselves damnation. For rulers are not a terror to good works, but to the evil." And again we are admonished to " be subject, not only for wrath, but also for conscience' sake;" so that the Christian is to obey civil rulers not from fear of punishment, but as doing service unto the Lord. But we find it recorded in the Scriptures that in some cases the servants of God refused obedience to civil rulers, and that God vindi-cated them in so doing. In the third chapter of Daniel we have the record of the refusal of Shadrach, Meshach and Abed-nego to- bow down to the golden image which the king had set up. We have also the record that they were miraculously delivered from the furnace without even so much as the smell of fire upon them. In the sixth chapter of Daniel it is recorded that Daniel himself refused obedience to a decree of the king, properly signed and promulgated; for which disobedience he was cast into the den of lions, from which he was miraculously delivered by the direct interposi-tion of God. Coming to the New Testament scriptures, we find an account in the fourth and fifth chapters of Acts of the arrest of Peter and John for preaching the gospel. They were commanded by the, rulers "not to speak at all nor teach in, the name of Jesus. But Peter and John answered and said unto them, Whether it be right in the sight of God to hearken unto you more than unto God, judge ye. For we cannot but speak the things which we :have seen and heard." Then the  rulers further threatened them, and let them go; but they continued preaching, and were shortly arrested again; and the magistrates said unto them: " Did not we straitly com-mand you that ye should not teach in this name? and, behold, ye have filled Jerusalem with your doctrine, and intend to bring this man's blood upon us. Then Peter and the other apostles answered and said, WE OUGHT TO OBEY GOD RATHER THAN MEN." Here is a seeming contradiction in the Scriptures. First, we have the positive in-junction to obey the powers that be. The Word declares that they are ordained of God. Then we have the record of several instances where inspired men refused obedience to the powers that be and were miraculously protected in so doing. What is the solution of the ap-parent difficulty? Here is the Answer. The answer to this question is found in the words of the Saviour, recorded in Matt. 22: 21: " Render therefore unto Ca3sar the things which are Csar's; and unto God the things that are God's." Civil government is indeed ordained of God; but for what purpose ? This we may learn by referring again to the thirteenth chapter of Romans, where we read these words concerning the civil magistrate:Š For he is the minister of God to thee for good. But if thou do that which is evil, be afraid; for he beareth not the sword in vain : for he is the minister of God, a revenger to execute wrath upon him that doeth evil. Wherefore ye must needs be subject, not only for wrath, but also for conscience' sake. For, for this cause pay ye tribute also: for they are God's minis ters, attending continually upon this very thing. Render therefore to all their dues: tribute to whom tribute is due; custom to whom custom; fear to whom fear; honor to whom honor. Owe no man anything, but to love one another: for he that loveth another hath fulfilled the law. For this, Thou shalt not com-mit adultery, Thou shalt not kill, Thou shalt not steal, Thou shalt not bear false witness, Thou shalt not covet; and if there be any other commandment, it is briefly comprehended in this saying, namely, Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself. Love worketh no ill to his neighbor: therefore love is the fulfilling of the law. It will be observed that in this scripture the same distinction is made between duties which we owe to God and duties which we owe to men, that is made by our Saviour in the words: " Render therefore unto Csar the things which are Caesar's; and unto God the things that are God's." The subject under discus-sion is civil duties. No reference whatever is  made to our duty to God, and the command-ments referred to, viz.: "Thou shalt not com-mit adultery, Thou shall not kill, Thou shalt not steal, Thou shalt not bear false witness, Thou shalt not covet," all have to do with our relations to our fellow-men. The same thing is shown in the seventh and eighth verses: "Render therefore to all their dues: tribute to whom tribute is due; custom to whom custom; fear to whom fear; honor to whom honor. Owe no man anything, but to love one another." And again in the tenth verse we are told that " love worketh no ill to his neighbor: therefore love is the fulfilling of the law." So the subject under discussion is our civil relations to our fellow-men. The Lord Has Not Abdicated. God has, for wise reasons, given civil power into the hands of men, but he has not com-mitted moral government to any human au-thority. This he could not do without abdi-cating the throne of the universe; because if men were permitted to govern one another in matters of conscience, if God had ordained civil government for this purpose, there could be no certain moral standard; because it wou..:1 be man's duty to obey the civil law, whatever that might be. Thus, in a Roman Catholic country it would be sin not to adore pictures and images, while in a Protestant country it would be a sin to do so. On the other hand, if God had not com-mitted civil authority to men, and given them power to enforce their own natural rights as between one another, one of two things would have been inevitable: either punishment of evil doing would have been so long deferred as to afford no protection to those in need of it, or else it would have been so swift and certain as to have terrorized man, and destroyed in a measure his free moral agency. That the line is drawn in the Scriptures just where we have indicated, viz., between our duty to God and our duty to man, is evi-dent from the language of Daniel to the king, as recorded in Daniel 6:22. After his deliv-erance from the lion's den, Daniel said to the king: " My God hath sent his angel, and hath shut the lions' mouths, that they have not hurt me: forasmuch as before him innocency was found in me; and also before thee, 0 king, have I done no hurt." Daniel did not say that he had not disobeyed the king, but he did say he had done no hurt Šthat is, he had done no wrong to the king EDITORS. ASSISTANT EDITOR. 