FEB. 2, 1801 A.MMIt It CAN -gnNTINVITA., 35 given by Mr. Pettigrew that this would be offered as an amendment to the sundry civil bill. On the same day, in the House, Mr. Ketcham, of New York, introduced (by request) a joint resolution which re-cites in its preamble that an appropriation of five million half dollars had: been made in aid of the Exposition on condition that it should be closed on Sunday, and the World's Fair corporation is now seeking to avoid this condition. The resolution then directs the Attorney-General to ascertain the facts in this relation, and if the corporation is not at any time in good faith carrying out the condition and clos-ing the Fair on Sundays then he shall in the name of the United States sue the World's Fair corporation and recover the nominal value of the coins paid to the cor-poration. All these things, together with the fact that measures have been taken in Chicago to enjoin the World's Fair Board from closing on Sunday,Šand counter-action has been taken by those who desire to compel Sunday closing,Šgo to show that the public excitement over this question will not subside until the World's Fair is in actual progress, and perhaps not even then. W. H. M. Sunday Laws in the United States.* (Concluded,) THE advocates of these laws appreciate their danger, and hence we see in some later cases an invention known as " the holiday theory " of Sunday laws brought to the rescue of a failing cause. Said an Arkansas judge: " The power of the legis-lature to select a day as a holiday, is everywhere conceded. The State, from the beginning, has appointed Sun day as such." 1. And he added that the same principle which upholds the right of the State to close its offices on certain days authorizes it "to prescribe a penalty for the violation of the Sunday law." The extract ante from Mr. Tiedeman suf-ficiently refutes this parallel so far as it affects the question of the origin and pur-pose of Sunday laws. Its fallacy is equally apparent from their contents. Whoever heard of such a thing as a com-pulsory holiday ? Whoever b.eard of a statute which established a public holiday and closed all places of public amuse-ment, and provided a penalty for those who should undertake to amuse them-selves in private upon the day in ques-tion? Desperately as some are clinging to this last spar, it must share the fate of the other wrecked arguments by which it is sought to support Sunday laws on con-stitutional grounds. There are cases, however, which take "a secular view" of such legislation with-out going so far as to claim that it makes a holiday.  of Sunday. According to these "the evident object of the statute was to prevent the day from being employed in servile work, which is exhausting to the body, oi.‚ in merely idle pastime, subver-sive of that order, thrift and economy, which is necessary to the preservation of society."1 Let us consider these clauses separately. Has it ever been claimed that it is in the power of an American legislature to corn- *This article which is written by Jas. T. Ringgold, of the Baltimore Bar, is reprinted from the American Law Register and Review, of Philadelphia, by permission of the publishers: iScale`s Case, 47 Ark., 478 #1..anclers v. R. R.. 12 Abb. Pa. (N S.), 338. pel a man to abstain from earning his living by "servile labor," because the legislature, in its wisdom, considers such labor as "exhausting to the body "Šever claimed, that is, except in connection with Sunday laws? Who made of the legisla-ture a physician to order off a man from any labor, " servile " or otherwise, because of its effect upon his body ? Is not the liberty of labor at will, part of the inher-itance of every citizen of a free country, which he "comes into" when he attains his majority ? The interference with labor on account of its "exhausting the body" is parental, and can never be justi-fied under any other than a parental government. So that if this interference were necessary or even desirable, it would not be practicable in any State whose constitution contains a guaranty of per-sonal liberty. As a matter of fact, how-ever, it is neither necessary nor desirable, though many of the cases assume that it is both, and Sunday-law advocates of every kind are prone to start with the statement, as if it were an axiom of thought, that "we are so constituted physically that the precise portion of time indicated by the Decalogue must be ob-served as a day of rest and relaxation, and nature, in the punishment inflicted for a violation of our physical laws, adds her sanction to the positive law promulgated at Sinai."* Yet this statement, so often made in substance on the bench and else-where in order to justify Sunday laws, is absolutely without any foundation whatever, and is absurd on its face and is contradicted by the most familiar facts. It is absurd on its face. The amount of rest required and the advisable periodicity of it is the result of three factorsŠthe man, his work, and his environment; and, as the first of these is never the same in any two instances the result is never the same. To attempt to lay down a uniform rule on this subject is as preposterous as it would be to require everybody to eat the same amount and the same kind of food every day. What is said above about the punishments of " nature " ap-plies here as it was not intended to apply. The whole matter belongs to her domain and is subject to her laws alone. The time for rest is proclaimed by her when she makes a man tired, and his punish-ment may safely be left in her hands, if he disobeys her mandate to rest. NO FACTS TO SUSTAIN THEIR PROPOSITION. Of course there are no facts adducible which even appear to sustain so monstrous a proposition as that everybody always needs the same amount of rest at the same interval. The facts are all the other way. Preachers who work hard all the time, and do double work on Sundays; doctors who can never rest at any stated interval; lawyers, journalists and others, who frequently work day in and day out for months without a holidayŠall these compare favorably for robustness and longevity with that conscientious Sunday-rester, the farmer. Races of men, as the Greeks and Romans of old, the Chinese, Japanese, etc., to whom the idea of rest-ing at stated intervals never occurred, yet have survived and flourished. Not long ago the Methodist bishop, Andrews, gave it out as " something he could not under-stand" that they had no Sabbath in China, and yet the laboring men lived to old age! Of course the good bishop shut his eyes at home, and opened them in *Lindenmaller's Case, 83 Barb., 548. China. He was under that delusion so common with men of his calling that the existence of a law is proof of its enforce-ment. He did not know, or chose to ignore the fact, that thousands of his fel-low-Americans who know no Sabbath are as healthy, long-lived and, at least, t, s active in the world's work as the strictest Sabbatarian in his communion. The second clause of our last citation refers to " merely idle pastimes subver-sive of that order, thrift and economy, which is necessary to the preservation of society." This is one of the rare occasions on which any allusion is made to that portion of the contents of every Sunday law which is absolutely fatal to the " holiday theory " of such statutes. It is self-evident that no pastime can be sub-versive of order on one day, which is not so on every other day; and as to thrift or economy, it is equally evident that these are things with which, in the individual citizen, an American legislature has no authority whatever to meddle. Neverthe-less if a law does not contain this com-bined prohibition of work and play, it is no Sunday law. And there is good ground for the assertion that those who are specially interested in Sunday laws, if they had to part with either, would prefer to have the prohibition of work repealed rather than the prohibition of playŠboth because they are naturally morose and play tends more than work to make other people unlike them; and also because play would be even more likely than work to keep open the gap between the masses and the collection box. Besides negativing the arguments ley which Sunday laws have been defendeu, and calling attention to the positive ob-jection to them as the embodiment of a union of Church and. State, it may be well to point out another undesirable characteristic of such legislation. Al-though Sunday laws do not make the day a holiday, yet they have this in common with laws establishing holidaysŠthat they tend to encourage among the people the conception that idleness is a good thing in itself, to be sought for its own sake and that the State is conferring a great boon upon them by allowing them the opportunity of indulging in it. No more immoral or dangerous doctrine could be preached by any legislation than this. Rest is necessary; but its value lies not in itself; it is valuable only in so far as it fits us better for our work. Pub-lic holidays may have a historical value; that their general effect on the manners of the mass is demoralizing, few will deny. Leisure is a dangerous possession in the hands of the wisest and best. Let the managers of factories, the heads of schools and the like, be heard to testify to the slipshod character of "Blue Mon-day's" work, and we shall appreciate the profundity of that unknown philosopher, who gave it as his decided conviction that the crying need of this country is not more holidays, but more days to get over them. Industry is a virtue; idleness is a vice. But our Sunday laws make a complete topsy-turvification of this fundamental principle of morals for fifty-two days in the year. On these days, industry is branded as a crime, and idleness is re-quired as a condition of good citizenship. The immoral lesson thus taught bears its fruit in the constant demand for more public holidays, and for limiting the hours of work by the State and other laws 