ALONZO T. JONES, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, Ł LEON A. SMITH, - - ASSISTANT EDITOR. EDITORS. CHRIST BEFORE PILATE. " We have a law, and by that law He ought to die." 'If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, / Judge him not: for I Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World." Vol. 10. No. 23. NEW YORK, JUNE 6, 1895. Price, 3 cents.  American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW yoRs. Entered at the New York Post-Office. "WHY, WHAT EVIL HATH HE DONE?" "WE have a law, and by that law he ought to die," has always been regarded by bigots, whose creeds were crystallized into civil law, as an all-sufficient rea-son for demanding the death of the dis-senter. The question, " Why, what evil hath he done ? " is answered with the cold, cruel statement from the law-favored priests, " We have a law, and by that law he ought to die." The answer of Jus-tice, "I find no fault in him," only enrages the accusers to an-swer the more vehe-mently, "We have a law, and by that law he ought to die." "If thou let this man go, thou art not Caasar's friend." Men of all creeds now look back upon the scene, which is the subject of our illustration, and con-demn the demand of the Jewish leaders for the life of a faultless man. They condemn the time-serving Pilate for yielding to their haughty threats. Yet while this is true there are many of these who, while curs-ing those who crucified Christ under the guise of loyalty to law, are to-day repeat-ing in principle the same sin against God and man. On May 15; J. Q. Allison, a Seventh-day  Adventist, of Georgia, was sentenced by the Circuit Court of Douglas County, Ga., to pay costs amounting to $22.05, or in default of payment, to serve twelve months in the chain-gang. What was his crime ? Let the report of the court stenographer answer: " State vs. J. Q. Allison. MisdemeanorŠSabbath-break- ing." Ł The specific act here designated as " Sab-bath-breaking " is thus described by one of the State's witnesses:Š Question. About how much did he appear to plow that [Sunday] morning ? Answer. I suppose nothing hardly but a small gar-den spot, not more than that. Q. That was about a quarter from the big road ? A. It was a little over a quarter from the nearest big road from there. Q. Was it in sight? A. No, sir; a man could not see him from where I Was at, unless he went to him. Ł It was for this Sunday-Sabbath-breaking, for this invasion(?) of the natural rights of mankind that Mr. Allison was sentenced, in  default of the payment of costs, to twelve months in the chain-gang. And now, to ascertain officially what Mr. Allison was not sentenced to twelve months in the chain-gang for, we quote again from the official report of the trial; this time from Mr. Allison's cross-examination of one of the State's witnesses :Š Mr. Allison. Have you [Mr. Strickland] worked near my house on the seventh day ? . . . Haven't you worked close to my house on the seventh day? Ans. Yes, sir. Q. Have I ever found any fault with you about that ? A. If you have, I have not heard of it; you have never bothered me. Q. I have never complained of your disturbing me? A. No, sir ; you never have at all; I say that. Q. You know of my ever disturbing you or any-one else ? A. No, sir. The Court. You are not on trial for disturbing any-body else. Here we have it announced from the bench 