198 IN Et g .AMIZIOAN S8N1INEL, conscientious in their efforts, but had they the power which such a law should give them, would use it to gratify their own selfish, bigoted ideas. It has been experimentally proved, not only in foreign lands, but in our own country, that any law which places the consciences of men and women under civil authority is detrimental to the best interests of the State. Stop the sale of intox-icants ! Close the saloons ! not only on the first day, but on every day of the week. Make such laws as public morality demands, but leave re-ligious matters entirely out of the question. Let man answer alone to his God for his religious belief or unbelief.ŠSaginaw Courier. A New Crusade. FOR a hundred years the people of the United States have enjoyed the benefits of the best civil Government that ever existed upon earth. With a Constitution securing the most perfect freedom, civil and religious, of any Nation under heaven, the progress and prosperity of our Nation are with-out an equal. The framers of our peerless Consti-tution were endued with wisdom to guard against the evils of oppressive Governments. They aimed to make religious persecution impossible under the Government ; and therefore they did not es-tablish any particular religion, but left all free to choose for themselves in this respect, and thus se-cure equal rights and equal protection to every good citizen. They were not all infidel and irreligious. Many of them were men of prayer and Christian faith. But they were willing that others should enjoy the same freedom of choice which they de- sired for themselves. It was not an oversight that no one form of religion was preferred above another, and no religious test was to be applied as a qualification for citizenship or for office under the Government. They knew the pernicious re-sults of religious legislation and a union of Church and State, both in the Old World and in the New. The persecutions of Baptists, Quakers, and others in the New England colonies had not faded from their memories. These well-known facts of history caused them to guard against the repetition of the like horrors, and form a Constitution which would make such results impossible. In reply to ques- tions as to the design of the Constitution, from a committee of a Baptist society in Virginia, George Washington wrote, August 4, 1789, as follows :Š " If I had the least idea of any difficulty resulting from the Constitution adopted by the convention of which I had the honor to be president when it was formed, so as to endanger the rights of any religious denomination, then I never should have attached my name to that instrument. If I had any idea that the general Government was so administered that the liberty of conscience was endangered, I pray you be assured that no man would be more will-ing than myself to revive and alter that part of it so as to avoid all religious persecution. You can, with-out doubt, remember that I have often expressed my opinion, that every man who conducts himself as a good citizen is accountable to God alone for his re-ligious faith, and should be protected in worshiping God according to the dictates of his own conscience." Such language does not show the venerable Washington to be "godless," but it does show that to avoid religious persecution in the future was the thought in the minds of those who formed our Constitution which led them to leave religion out, and institute a Government purely secular. But near the close of the first century of un-rivaled prosperity to our country under our peerless Constitution, certain political doctors of divinity, who would be doctors of our civil laws, have had  the sagacity to discover, as they express it, that this Constitution is "godless," and for that reason needs a "religious amendment." They seem to imagine that God would be pleased to see his name inserted, and that Christ will be honored by being voted the ruler of a Nation, an over-whelming majority of which make no pretension to Christianity, and the most of those that do will not live up to their own creed without civil law to compel them. And the success of this move-ment, which they call National Reform, they fancy will result in a millennium of a converted world. They propose to make this a Christian Nation by amending the Constitution, and to make Christ the ruler by the votes of this hetero-geneous people; and then the millennium will be-gin, and all the Nations will be converted, and beat their swords into plowshares, and their spears into pruninghooks, and learn war no more. Was there ever a fanaticism more senseless and wild? The "holy wars" to take the Holy Land from the infidel Turks seem sensible compared with it. R. F. COTTRELL. "Sweet Reasonableness." IN course of some remarks in the Missouri National Reform Convention, Mr. Crafts said : " With sweet reasonableness we should try to show these seventh-day people the mistake of their literal-ness with reference to the seventh day of the week." Then he proceeded to tell how in going round the world in one direction a day is lost, and in going the other way a day is gained, conse-quently the reckoning has to be changed. And he gives this information just as though seventh-day people had never heard of it before. Now, it is a fact that seventh-day people,  have crossed the "day line" on many occasions, going both ways, and they find no such confusion as Mr. Crafts would warn them against. There are also Jews in every habitable quarter of the globe who .keep the seventh day, and we have never heard of any confusion in the matter. This is accounted for on the ground that seventh-day people understand the situation and have sense enough to change their reckoning to agree with their geographical position. Mr. Crafts cites an illustration to elucidate his position : Chaplain Crawford of the "United States Navy, arriving at Samoa, found that the mission- aries who first introduced Christianity there, had forgotten to change their reckoning when they crossed the line, and were keeping the " Christian Sabbath" (Sunday) on Saturday. He then makes a sweeping proposition, after this fashion, as quoted in M. A. Gault's letter to the Christian Statesman :Š "As the Jews, Seventh-day Adventists and Seventh-day Baptists form together but seven-tenths of one per cent. of the population, it might be well to stop the opposition to our Sunday laws by sending the rabbis and pastors of these literalists to Samoa by the route that would make their Saturday coincide with our Sabbath, as they would surely refuse to throw away any day in their literal devotion to a rigid succession, and then they could be celebrating the feast of creation on what they would call the seventh day of the week, on the same general rest-day that we should consider a feast both of creation and re-demption, and called the first day of the week." The "field secretary" cannot forego his charac-teristic slurs at minorities that happen,to disagree with his schemes; nor can he disguise, if he would, his utter disregard for their rights of conscience. The foregoing is onlya gentle hint of the National Reform idea of banishment of, offenders to which other leaders in that cause have given more forci- ble utterance. But here is another clip from the speech on the occasion above referred to, of which Mr. Gault says "every word seemed to strike fire ":Š " The proposed National Sabbath-Rest law, at the utmost would not affect more than one thousand of these seventh-day people, as they cannot be in the mail and military service, and inter-State commerce, and yet keep Saturday, and the further jurisdiction of the law is only in the District of Columbia and the Territories, in which very few of them reside." The " sweet reasonableness" of this assertion is better appreciated by comparison with some other National Reform claims. They have as-serted over and over again that the States can-not enforce their Sunday laws because the Govern-ment, over which they have no control, persists in violating them; and the National law is wanted to make the State laws more effective. Again, when they desire to be particularly mild, they profess that it is only designed to give the postal and other Government employes their "much-needed rest." Under the first claim, how is it that it could only affect the seventh-day people in the Territories? Under the second proposition, how should it af-fect any seventh-day keepers at all, if they cannot be in the mail and military service, and inter-State commerce." But why all this effort to make the public be-lieve that only seventh-day people have occasion to be alarmed about their rights? It is simply a strained effort to deceive other people. It is de-signed to convey the idea thdt the whole question of Sunday laws and religious legislation in general is only a contest -between the first and seventh day. If the National Reform manipulators could delude the masses with the idea that it is only a question of which day is the Sabbath that causes opposition to their schemes, they would naturally expect to have an easy victory. And so they would. But when the people come to understand fully the avowed purpose to change that feature of our Government which recognizes that " Governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed," they will realize that the question as to what particular day they are compelled by human law to observe is of small consequence. Those who are fighting this battle against Church and State union are not contending on the specific day line, in any feature of the question; they are contending for freedom of conscience, not only in regard to the observance or non-observance of the Sabbath, but in regard to every other conviction. When the Reformers shall have secured for this country, the "ideal Sabbath of the Puritans," they will no doubt " go back to the provincial history of this country" for other concomitant fanati-cisms, and then it will not make any difference upon which day they are enforced. Then it will be found out, if not before, that the " sweet reason-ableness" of the delusions now sung in siren songs, were nothing else than sweet deceivable- nese. W. N. GLENN. SOME person has sent us two copies of a tract entitled "Covenanterism, an Exposure of the Project to Put a Religious Creed into the Constitu-tion of the United States," etc. The publication may be very good for aught we know, but we cannot speak with certainty as to its merits, not having read it, for the reason that the name of the author has been carefully re-moved from the copies. We treat anonymous publications in the same manner that we do anonymous letters, namely, consign them to the waste-basket. 