THE ANZIERICA_N SENTINEL. 5 seventh day of the week as a day of religious devo-tion, and, by their memorial now before the Com-mittee, they also request that it may be set apart for religious purposes. Each has hitherto been left to the exercise of his own opinion, and it has been regarded as the proper business of Government to protect all and determine for none. But the attempt is now made to bring about a greater uni-formity, at least in practice; and, as argument has failed, the Government has been called upon to interpose its authority to settle the controversy. Congress acts under a Constitution of delegated and limited powers. The Committee look in vain to that instrument for a delegation of power au-thorizing this body to inquire and determine what part of time, or whether any, has been set apart by' the Almighty for religious exercises. On the con-trary, Among the few prohibitions which it contains, is one that prohibits a religious test, and another that declares that Congress shall pass no law re-specting the establishment of religion, or prohibit-ing-the free exerciseŁthereof. The' Committee might here rest the argument upon the ground that the question referred to them does not come within the cognizance of Congress ; but the perseverance and zeal with which the, me-morialists pursue their object seems to require a further elucidation of the subject ;= and, as the op-posers Of Sunday mails disclaim all intention to unite Church and State, the Committee do not feel disposed. to impugn their motives; and whatever may be advanced in opposition to the measure will arise from the fears entertained of its fatal tendency to the peace sand happiness of the Nation. The catastrophe of other nations furnished the framers of the Constitution a beacon of awful warning, and they have evinced the greatest possible care in, guarding against the same evil. The 'Jaw, as it now exists, makes no distinction as to the days of the week, but is imperative that the postmasters shall attend at all reasonable hours in every day to:perform the duties of their offices ; and the Postmaster General has given his instructions to all postmasters that, at post-offices where the mail arrives on Sunday, the office is to be kept open one hour or more after the arrival and assorting of the mail; but in case that would interfere with the hours of public worship, the office is to be kept open for one hour after the usual time of dissolving the meeting. This liberal construction, of the law does not Satisfy the memorialists; but, the Committee believe that there is no just ground of complaint, unless' it be conceded that they haVe a controlling -power over the consciences of others: If Congress ,shall, by the authority of law, sanc-tion the measure recommended, it would constitute a legislative decision of a religious controversy, in which ' even Christians themselves are at issue. However suited such a decision may be to an eccle-siastical council, it is incompatible with a republican Legislature, which is purely for political, and not for religious, purposes. In our individual character we all entertain opin-ions, and pursue a corresponding practice, upon the subject of religion. However diversified these may be, we all harmonize as citizens while each is will-ing that the other shall enjoy the same liberty which he claims for himself. But in our representative character our individual character is lost. The in-dividual acts for himself, the representative for his constituents. He is chosen to represent their polit-ical, and not their, religious, views; to guard the rights of man, not to restrict the rights of con-science. Despots may regard their subjects as their prop-erty,. and usurp the divine prerogative of prescrib-ing their religious faith; but the history of the world furnishes the melancholy demonstration that the disposition of one man to coerce the religious homage of another, springs from nn unchastened ambition, rather than [from] a sincere devotion to any religion. The principles of our Government do not recognize, in the majority any authority over the minority, except in matters which regard the conduct of man to his fellow-man. A Jewish monarch, by grasping the holy censer, lost both his scepter and his freedom. A destiny as little to be envied may be the lot of the American people who hold the sovereignty of power, if they, in the person of their representatives, shall attempt to unite, in the remotest degree, Church and State. From the earliest period of time, religious teach-ers have attained great ascendancy over the minds of the people, and in every nation, ancient or modern, whether pagan, Mahommedan, or Christian, have succeeded in the incorporation of their religious tenets with the political institutions of their country. The Persian idols, the Grecian oracles, the Roman auguries, and the modern priesthood of Europe, have all, in their turn, been the subject of popular adulation, and the agents of political deception. If the measure recommended should be adopted, it would be difficult for human sagacity to foresee how rapid would be the succession, or how numerous the train of measures which would follow, involving the dearest rights of allŠthe rights of conscience. It is perhaps fortunate for our country that the proposition should have been made at this early period while the spirit of the Revolution yet exists in full vigor. Religious zeal enlists the strongest prejudices of the human mind; and, when misdirected, excites the worst passions of our nature, under the delusive pretext of doing God service. Nothing so infuriates the heart to deeds of rapine and blood; nothing is so incessant hi its toils, so persevering in its determina-tion, so appalling in its course, or so dangerous in its consequences. The equality of rights secured by the Constitution, may bid defiance to mere political tyrants ; but the robe of sanctity too often glitters to deceive. The Constitution regards the conscience of the Jew as sacred as that of the Christian, and gives no more authority to adopt a measure affect-ing the conscience of a solitary individual than that of a whole community. That representative who would violate this principle would lose his delegated character, and forfeit the confidence of his constitu-tents. If Congress shall declare the first day of the week holy, it will not convince the Jew nor the Sabbata-rian. It will dissatisfy both, and, consequently, convert neither. Human power may extort vain sacrifices, but the Deity alone can command the affections of the heart. It must be recollected that in the earliest settle-ment of this country, the spirit of persecution which drove the Pilgrims from their native home was brought with them to their new habitations, and that some Christians were scourged, and others put to death, for no other crime than dissenting from the dogmas of their rulers. With these facts before us, it must be a subject of deep regret that a question should be brought before Congress which involves the dearest privileges of the Constitution, and even by those who enjoy its choicest blessings. We should all recollect that Cataline, a professed patriot, was a traiter to Rome, Arnold:a professed Whig, was a traitor to America ; and Judas, a professed disciple, was a traitor to his divine Master. With the exception of the United States, the whole human race, consisting, it is supposed, of eight hundred millions of rational beings, is in re-ligious bondage; and, in reviewing the scenes of persecution which history everywhere presents, un-less the Committee could believe that the cries of the burning victim, and the flames by which he is consumed, bear to heaven a grateful incense, the conclusion is inevitable that the line cannot be too strongly drawn between Church and State. If a solemn act of legislation shall, in. one point, define the law of God, or point out to the citizen one re-ligious duty, it may, with equal propriety, proceed to define every part of divine revelation, and enforce every religious obligation, even to the forms and ceremonies of worship, the endowment of the.  Church, and the support of the clergy. It was with a kiss that Judas betrayed his divine Master ; and we should all be admonished, no matter what our faith may be, that the rights of con-science cannot be so successfully assailed as under  the pretext of holiness. The Christian religion made its way into the world in opposition to all human governments. Banishment, tortures, and death were inflicted in vain to stop its progress. But many of its professors, as soon as clothed with political power, lost the meek spirit which their creed inculcated, and began to inflict on other relig-ions, and on dissenting sects of their own religion, persecutions more aggravated than those which their own apostles had endured. The ten persecutions of the pagan emperors were exceeded in atrocity by the massacres and murders perpetuated by Christian hands; and in vain shall we examine the records of imperial tyranny for an engine of tyranny equal to the holy Inquisition. Every religious sect, however meek in its origin, commenced the work of persecution, as soon as it acquired political power. The framers of the Constitution recognized the eternal principle that man's relation with his God is above human legislation, and his rights of con-science inalienable. Reasoning was not necessary to establish this truth; we are conscious of it in our bosoms. It is the consciousness which in defiance of human laws, has sustained so many martyrs in tor tures and in flames. They felt that their duty to God was superior to human enactments, and that man could exercise no authority over their consciences. It is an inborn principle which nothing can eradi-cate. The bigot in the pride of his authority, may lose sight of it, but, strip him of his power, prescribe a faith to him which his conscience rejects, threaten him in turn with the dungeon and the fagot, and this spirit which God has implanted in him rises up in rebellion and defies you, Did the primitive Christians ask that Government should recognize and observe their religious institu-tions? All they asked was toleration; all they complained of was persecution. What did the Protestants of Germany, or the Huguenots of France, ask of their Catholic superiors ? Toleration. What do the persecuted Catholics of Ireland ask of their oppressors ? Toleration. Do not all men in this country enjoy every religious right which martyrs and saints ever asked ? Whence, then, the voice of complaint ? Who is it that, in the full en-joyment of every principle which human laws can secure, wishes to wrest a portion of these principles from his neighbor ? Do the petitioners allege that they cannot con. scientiously participate in the profits of the mail contracts and post-offices, because the mail is car-ried on Sunday ? If this be their motive, then it is worldly gain which stimulates to action, and not virtue and religion. Do they complain that men less conscientious in relation to the Sabbath obtain advantages over them by recieving their letters and attending to their contents ? Still their motive is worldly and selfish. But if their motive be to in-duce Congress to sanction, by law, their religious opinions and observances, then their efforts ought to be resisted, as in their tendency fatal both to religious and political freedom. Why have the petitioners confined their prayer to the mails ? Why have they not requested that the Government be required to suspend all its executive functions on that day ? Why do they not require us to enact that our ships shall not sail; that our armies shall not march; that officers of justice shall not sieze the suspected or guard the convicted ? They seem to forget that Government is as neces-sary on Sunday as on any other day of the week. The spirit of evil does not rest on that day. It is the Government, ever active in its functions, which enables us all, even the petitioners, to worship in our churches in peace. Our Government furnishes very few blessings like our mails. They bear from the center of our Republic to its distant extremes the acts of our legis-lative bodies, the decisions of the judiciary, and the orders of the executive. Their speed is often essen-tial to the defense of the country, the suppression of crime, and the dearest interests of the people. Were they suppressed one day of the week, their 