428 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Ł The Apostle Paul says (Rom. 7:12,14): "The law is holy, and the commandment holy and just and good," and "the law is spiritual." It must therefore be plain that any act that is right-eous must be holy, just, good and spiritual. And as "he that doeth righteousness is righteousŠdoes righteous-ness because he is righteousŠit follows that he only can do righteousness who is holy, just, good, and spir-itual. This is a condition that no man is in naturally, and one'that he cannot work out for himself. It must be ac-complished by a power greater than he himself possesses. It must be wrought for him by God in Christ through the operation of the Holy Spirit. He who has the Holy Spirit dwelling in him will be spiritual, he will love spirit-ual things, and as the law is spiritual he will love it, and with the Psalmist will exclaim, "Oh, how love I thy law it is my meditation all the day." Ps. 119:97. Furthermore, he who is filled with the Holy Spirit will have Jesus abiding within him all the time, for the apostle prays that "He [God] would grant you accord-ing to the riches of his glory to be strengthened with might by His Spirit in the inner man; that Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith." Eph. 3:16, 17. Christ is our righteousness, for God has made him to be such unto us. 1 Cor. 1:30. Christ dwells in us, not to be a passive spectator of what we do, or try to do, even though we "try to dq right," but he is there to himself doŠnot try to doŠthat which is righteous. And when he does a thing, no matter what it is, we may be sure that it is altogether righteous; for he cannot deny himself, and in him there is no unrighteousness. It is therefore only as Christ dwells in the heart, to rule in all our mentbers, that one can do righteousnessŠthat which the law would approve. What is true of the ten commandments as a whole is true of all its parts. Each commandment of the Deca-logue is spiritual, holy, just, and good. The Sabbath, therefore has just this character, and no man can keep it without Jesus Christ abiding within any more than he can keep any other of the commandments. To attempt to enforce the keeping of the Sabbath by human law must therefore be a wicked thing. For it not only makes a person a hypocrite, but it is also a denial of Jesus Christ. It really puts human lawŠor man, who makes such lawŠin the place of Christ. The only remedy for the violation of the Sabbath is Christ. Sabbath-keeping is an act of righteousness. When a man is righteous he will love to do righteousness. He will therefore love to keep the Sabbath. For that kind of a man human law is unnecessary. He is where human law cannot affect him. He is far above it, seated inheav-enly places in Christ Jesus, delighting to do God's will, because the law of the Lord is in his heart. Ł For an unrighteous person, human law would be in-adequate. All it can do is to make a man civil, or punish him for his incivility. In no sense could it make him obey to the slightest degree the law of God. What is needed, then, is not lawŠhuman law, but ChristŠnot human law to punish an unrighteous person for not doing that which, in his condition, is absolutely impossible, but a divine Christ to live and dwell in him, supplying the power as well as the willingness to keep all the commandments, and all because it will be his delight to do so. Fulfilment of Prophecy. " Signs of the Times," June 17. IN a recent speech in the National House of Represen-tatives, Mr. Wheeler, of Alabama, uttered the following words:Š "The trouble is, Mr. Speaker, that the country has changed From 1776 to 1865 the dominant spirit which controlled in this republic was one of honor, glory, chiv-alry, and patriotism. The dominant spirit of to-day is the pride of gold, of palaces, of marriage alliances with dukes and princes and counts, and an exercise of the whole power of the Government in the interests of money changers, millionaires, and monopolies, and this, too, whether they are Astors, Vanderbilts, or Rockefellers of America, or Barings and Rothschilds from across the sea." This sounds very much like the prophecy of Thomas Jefferson, spoken in the beginning of our national his-tory:Š " The spirit of the times may alter, will alter. Our rulers will become corrupt, our people careless. A single zealot may commence persecution, and better men be his victims. It can never be too often repeated that the time for fixing every essential right on a legal basis is while our rulers are honest, and ourselves united. From the conclusion of this war we shall be going down-hill. It will not then be deemed necessary to resort every moment to the people for support. They will be forgotten, there-fore, and their rights disregarded. They will forget them-selves, but in the sole faculty of making money, and will never think of uniting to effect a due respect fbr their rights. The shackles, therefore, which shall not be knocked off at the conclusion of this war will remain on us long, and will be made heavier and heavier, till our rights shall revive or expire in a convulsion." THE Holy Synod of the Russian church is seriously dis-cussing the question whether or not to encourage the circulation of the Scriptures in the vast empire of the czars. The rulers of the Orthodox Greek church have never taken up the position of the Roman communion that the Bible in the hands of the laity is a dangerous book when not accompanied by the commentaries and explanations of the church; but a strong body of the clergy exists which looks upon the free circulation of the Bible among the masses of the people as something, never-theless, which contains-the elements of perils to the church. The present metropolitans of St. Petersburg and Kieff are of this opinion; so is M. Pobiedonosteff, the powerful lay member of the synod. On the other hand, Russian law 