60 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. SENTINEL which would justify such a slander-ous accusation. We have always been ex-plicit in our statements that it is the duty of civil Government to protect its citizens and secure the rights of all classes and persons. We have distinctly said that it is the duty of the Government to protect the marriage insti-tution, and that there ought to be a uniform or national law respecting divorce. We say this, became marriage is not a Christian or relig-ious institution. If it were, then none but Christians would have a right to get married, and then it would belong to the church alone. But it is not an institution of that nature ; and when National Reformers talk about "the Christian law of marriage," and when they say that the race is indebted to Chris-tianity for the marriage institution, we know that it is spoken in ignorance or perverseness. Here we will copy from the Christian States-man of February 24, 1887, a double item which appears under the head of " Clashing Voices : "Š " In short, the incorporation of religion into the laws of the State, marks the decline of religion in the hearts of the people. And this is what the Religious Amendment party is trying and pleading to bring about. Every.  American citizen should fight such an enact-ment to the last man."ŠD. C. Marr, in St. Louis Republican. " If so, then to prevent the decline of relig-ion, we must blot from our legislation all laws against murder, theft, and Sabbath breaking, for these are religious principles taken from the decalogue, and incorporated into nearly all our State constitutions. Your blunder is in supposing that the State cannot adopt the moral law of the Bible without uniting with some church."ŠM. A. Gault. The characteristic " clashing " in this and other utterances of Mr. Gault is a clashing with common sense. If they will not be con-vinced of their errors, others may be made to see them. If there were a nation of infidels to erect a Government, we should expect them to enact laws against murder, theft, adultery, and per-jury, because these are offenses, not merely against religion, but against human rights. These laws are founded in our natures; they rest upon the relations instituted by the Cre-ator when he created the race; they do not belong to any nation, Government, or relig-ion. They are no more peculiar to Christian-ity than they are to Mohammedanism. But if that nation should enact laws in favor of baptism or the Lord's Supper, we should all be surprised, for these are Christian institu-tions, with which infidels have nothing to do. We should not expect them to enact laws concerning the Sabbath, blasphemy, or wor-ship of any kind ; because these, though a part of the &cologne, are religious laws,Šthey relate to our duty directly to God, not to our fellow-men. NATIONAL REFORMERS CONDEMNED BY WEBSTER. On the word " religion," Webster's diction-ary says:Š " Religion, as distinct from virtue or morality, consists of the performance of the duties we owe directly to God, from a principle of obe-dience to his will. Hence we often speak of  religion and virtue as different branches of one system, or the duties of the first and sec-ond tables of the law." But this refers to what is properly called natural religion, for the precepts on both tables of the law grow out of relations established .in creation. In this respect they are entirely unlike Christian precepts, which grow out of our relations as sinners. This paragraph from Webster, though it casts light upon the sub-ject under, consideration, as it marks a clear distinction between religion and morality, does not reach to the whole truth after which we are inquiring. We read again from Web-ster on the word " religion : "--- "Any system of faith and worship. In this sense, religion comprehends the belief of pa-gans and Mohammedans, as well as of Chris-tians; any religion consisting in the belief of a superior power or powers governing the world, and in the worship of such power or powers. Thus we speak of the religion of the Turks, of the Hindoos, of the Indians, etc., as well as of the Christian religion. We speak of false religion as well as of true religion." Webster also says :Š " The practice of moral duties without a belief in a divine Lawgiver, and without reference to his will or commands, is not re-ligion." These declarations are plain as they are truthful. It takes so little reasoning power to recognize this distinction that we are in-clined to believe the denial of it by the Re-formers is mostly perverseness. " Rev. M. A. Gault" is one of the most persistent in his disregard of this distinction, and we shall not attempt to locate him in either classŠthe ig-norant or the perverse. Sometimes it would seem that he belongs to both. He has even gone so far as to say, in the Statesman, that if our Constitution forbids religious legislation, then we cannot legislate concerning murder and theft, for these are religious questions! We have never expressed any desire to have all the days of the week put on the same legal basis ; we are not opposed to the Government making the Sunday a legal holi-day. But we are opposed to enforcing its observance on all classes 'under the mislead-ing name of "the Christian Sabbath." The Sabbath, as given to us in the Bible, is an institution as old as creation ; instituted be-fore the fall of man; and therefore it ante-dates Christianity. It is no more a part of, or peculiar to, Christianity, than is marriage. There is no such institution as the Christian Sabbath. And no class of religionists treat the Sabbath as they treat Christian institu-tions. This point we will demonstrate, but, not to lengthen this article unduly, we will defer it for future consideration. One more point in the letter of our critic we will notice :Š " Let us see what religion is. James 1: 27 : Pure religion and undefiled before God and the Father is this, To visit the fatherless and widows in their afliction, and to keep him-self unspotted from the world.' What is this but morality ? " Very well said. And now will the writer be so kind as to inform us if he wishes to put this article of religion " on a legal basis "? Would he compel, under civil penalties, all  classes of citizens to visit the fatherless and widows? Will he ask the Legislature to make a law that all people shall keep themselves unspotted from the world ? and if such a law were enacted, will he inform us by what means he would have it enforced ? Satisfac-tory answers to these questions will prove that he has intelligent ideas concerning the enforcement of religion by civil law. But until we receive such answers, we must be permitted to doubt on that subject. J. H. W. Civil or Religious, Which? Ł LAST month we showed that the universal demand for Sunday laws is the wave upon which National Reform will ride to success and that this is the issue under cover of which the unsuspecting nation will be plunged into the evils of a union of Church and State. We showed that the passing of all laws enforcing the observance of Sunday is essentially relig-ious legislation, because Sunday is wholly a religious thing, and laws enforcing its observ-ance must be based upon religious grounds, for the thing itself exists upon no other grounds. Of course the National Reform As-sociation itself does not propose legislation, whether in favor of Sunday observance or any-thing else, upon any other than religious grounds. But there are thousands of people who pretend to stolidly oppose any such legis-lation, yet who, at the same time, strive most strenuously to secure the enactment of laws en-forcing Sunday observance, under the plea that such laws have nothing to do with Sunday as a religious institution, but entirely as a "police regulation ; " that such laws have nothing at all to do with religion, but are wholly in the inter-ests of health, education, patriotism, etc. But every such plea is a sheer fallacy. We have read a good many arguments based upon this plea, even in court decisions, but never yet have we read one in which the plea was fairly sustained. Nor can the thing ever be done, because to do so there has to be established, that which is always attempted, a distinction between what are called the civil and what the religious aspects of the day. But no such distinction can ever be shown, because it does not exist. They may call it Sabbath, Chris-tian Sabbath, Lord's day, or whatever else they please, the institution is wholly a relig-ious one. Its duties and its, obligations per-tain solely to the church, and it has no civil aspects, and never can have any. But perhaps as good a way as any to show this would be to set down some of the argu-ments that have been made in the endeavor to justify Sunday laws on a civil basis. One of the most prominent, and perhaps the best known, of the advocates of this theory, is Rev. -Wilbur F. Crafts, of Brooklyn, New York. He has written a book entitled "The Sabbath for Man," which the Woman's Christian Temper-ance Union commands to be kept in constant circulation. He tries to make it appear that Sunday laws and their enforcement have noth-ing to do with religion, but have " relation to health, education, home virtue, and patriot-ism," and his attempt is crowned with the 