OCTOBER 2t, 1804. 335 Significant Paragraphs. [We publish under this heading paragraphs more or less significant, without either approval or dissent, and without comment. The careful observer of the signs of the times will readily discern the pertinent facts and opinions, and will know how to turn them to account in the great controversy between truth and error. -I Madrid Catholics Incensed. MADRID, Oct. 9.ŠThe excitement aris-ing from the recent consecration of the first Protestant Bishop .of Madrid is in-creasing. The Liberal newspapers de-mand that the government hand the Nuncio his passports. The question threat-ens to become a violent political issue.ŠInter- Ocean, Oct. 10. Willing to Take Them All In. THE Catholic Church is not apt to fed-erate with any sect, but she may absorb landslides like present day Ritualism. . . . If it can absorb the Anglicans and re-unite the Greeks, the Catholic Church will make the only feasible stride towards Christian unity. And it will be a long oneŠand one well worth the endeavor. Obviously the pope thinks it worth tryingŠCatholic Citizen, Milwaukee, Oct. 13. They Forgive Him But He Must Do Penance. PARIS, Ky., Oct. 14.ŠColonel W. P. C. Breckinridge has been suspended from communion by Mount Horeb Church in Fayette county. He has made a confes-sion of his guilt and asked the prayers and love of his brethren in leading a Christian life. The officers of the church accepted his repentance as sincere. Be-cause of the great publicity of his sin he was suspended from the sacraments until February 1, 1895.ŠNew York Press, Oct. 15. Papists Exhorted to Activity. IT is about time that the Catholics of the United States awoke from their leth-argy and did something towards bringing their non-Catholic fellow-citizens into the enjoyment of the benefits which the Cath-olic Church confers upon all who come to it with devout sincerity. The Catholic Church is not the property of the eight or ten millions of Americans who now ad-here to it ; it belongs as much to the other sixty millions if only they can be brought to realize that fact. It is time that a mis-sionary spirit began to be displayed by us, time that we were doing something to-wards winning over those other sixty mil-lions.ŠCatholic Review, Oct. 20. McGlynn Declares the Pope Not Infallible. AT Prohibition Park, S. I., yesterday afternoon, Dr. McGlynn answered some questions put to him by members of the A. P. A. I. K. Funk, the Prohibitionist advocate, occupied the chair. . Dr. 141. cGlynn said that Charles S. Has-kell, o1. the Prohibition Park Company, had handed him these questions to an-swer :Š - " Is there anything in the constitution of the Catholic Church whichis a menace to a republican form of government ? " Is it true that the vows of Catholic priesthood interfere with loyal citizenship in a republican country like our own ? " Was not the Archbishop of New York compelled to interfere with your rights as a citizen because of your political enthu-siasm ?" The first question Father McGlynn answered with an emphatic " No." He added " The Catholic Church will not  menace this country. So far from the pope trying to revolutionize this country, it is the reverse, and in no country does 'the upholding of the Catholic faith so please him as in America." To the second question Dr. McGlynn replied : " The priests do not take vows. They only make promises at the time of ordination. Those promises only restrict the priest in his religious observances and to celibacy." " I answer yes to the third question," said the speaker. " But those who con-demned me made a mistake. Neither the Catholic Church nor the pope is infallible. I was excommunicated, but that wound is all healed, and I bear no ill-will."ŠThe World, Oct. 15. Rome Courts the Colored People. BALTIMORE, Oct. 10.ŠAt to-day's ses-sion of the St. Peter Claver Union a letter from Archbishop Satolli, the papal dele-gate, cordially approving of the purposes of the union, was read. Among other things, he said :Š " The future history of the civilization of the colored people will consecrate many a page to relate how Leo XIII. has had at heart the abolition of the slave trade in Africa and the civilization of the colored race. From this we conclude that the co-operation that the Catholic Church can lend to the action of the Government for the civilization of the colored people must largely contribute to the ultimate success of such efforts."ŠNew York World, Oct. 11. Protestantism Declared to Be No More. COMPLETE reports of the great Catholic Scientific Congress at Brussels, have just been received, and give a much fuller ac-count of the doings of the congress than the cable reports, which were necessarily brief. The closing exercises were pro-nounced to be one of the most interesting features, and were held in the spacious Palais des Academies. The programme called for a lecture by Rev. J. A. Zahm, of Notre Dame University. Father Zahm's discourse was an earnest and eloquent plea for more advanced study of science in our ecclesiastical seminaries. " The age of heresies and heresiarchs," he said, "is past; Protestantism, is now but another name for skepticism and rationalism. The conflict in which the church is now engaged is no longer one which is, conducted against her by the followers of Luther, Calvin, Knox and Wesley, but rather one which is declared against her in the name of science. The issue is no longer between Catholicity and Protestantism, but between Catholicity and Agnosticism."ŠCatholic Citizen, Oct.' 6, 1894. Enforcing the Sunday Law in Cincinnati. THE exclusive announcement in last Friday's Enquirer that the Law and Order League was investigating the manner in which the police enforce the Sunday-clos-ing law, has already caused the authorities to remedy some of their methods of doing business. The Sunday theatrical performances was the first of these irregularities to be given attention. Heretofore, a police officer went to the theatres at which such per-formances were given, and took the names of the performers. He returned to the station house where the names were regis tered on the slate. Their names appeared on the police court docket the next morn- ing, with the charge of violating the Sun-day theatrical laws, placed opposite them. The offenders have not been compelled to appear in court, as all the cases were placed on the open docket, together with those of Sunday saloon-law violators. Yesterday a new order of things was in vogue. When the officers were assigned to the theatres, they were told to arrest all performers and bring them to the sta-tion-house. The order was carried out to the strict letter. After each performance a long string of actors and actresses of various ages and conditions in life, together with the managers, were escorted to the police stations and registered.ŠCincinnati En-quirer, Oct. 15. A Good Book for the Children. Beautifully Illuminated Covers! Fifty-three Illustrations! Interesting Reading! Ninety-six pages, Large print, Good paper, Strong binding. All this and more is combined in "The Good Shepherd: The Life of the Saviour for Children." This book, which is 8x10-i- inches and I- inch in thickness, tells the story of the Life of Christ in a way that cannot fail to interest the little folks. It is exceptionally free from doctrinal errors, and should be in every family where there are children to be taught a Saviour's love. The illustrations, which are nearly all good, add very much to its educational value. Price, only 50 cents. JOHN WILLIAMS, the Martyr of Erro-mangaŠBy Rev. J. J. Ellis. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. BISHOP PATTERSON, the Martyr of MelanesiaŠBy Jesse Page. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. Any of the above may be obtained post free on re-ceipt of price by addressing Pacific Press, Oakland, Cal. ; 18 W. Fifth Street, Kansas City, Mo. ; 43 Bond Street, New York City. Works on all phases of Bible truth. Send for catalogue. BIBL HS Ł Ł A LARGE AND VARIED STOCK. o.§§'o  Send for Catalogue to PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Bond Street, New York City. Kansas City. Mo. Oakland, Cal. 