74 AMERICAN SENTINEL. of hostile criticism upon Mr. Sheldon's idea of a Chris-tian daily newspaper. n A GREAT anti-trust convention is called for by prom-inent men of all localities and all parties, to be held in Chicago, February 12. The call sets forth some of the well-known evils of the trusts, and declares that "unless they are overthrown there will be established in free America a moneyed oligarchy on the one hand and a serfdom of the masses of the people on the other. They must be destroyed or free government is lost." "This herculean task," it affirms, "can be accom-plished only by the organization of the lovers of free-dom in every part of the Republic, and through the per-sistent and determined efforts of a united people." To which end it invites the attendance of "patriotic citizens from all States and Territories." The wicked principle of the trust system is the plac-ing of power in the hands of one man, or of a few menu to which they are not entitled. The most dangerous monster of which the human imagination could con-ceive would be a fallible, sinful man, endowed with un-limited power; and in proportion-as the power of a few men (which wealth gives them) increases beyond the proportion of their importance as members of society, in that proportion do they become a menace to society, to be put under the ban of law if possible. No man can safely be entrusted with inordinate power. THE French government has issued an order for the disbandment of the Assumptionist Fathers, in France, on the ground that under the cloak of religion, the society obtains money and exercises an influence for political purposes contrary to the interests of the republic. A "DON'T SOCIETY" has been formed in Brooklyn, with branches in various places. Its motto is, "Down with Sunday newspapers, Sunday street cars, Sunday letters and other Sunday institutions." The members pledge themselves for one year or longer, to the follow-ing: "Don't ride simply for pleasure on Sunday, don't (save in an ocean voyage) ride in a public conveyance on Sunday, don't read a Sunday newspaper on Sunday, don't buy anything on Sunday, except in an emergency, and don't mail letters on Sunday."ŠAnother outgrowtk of the Puritanical Sabbath idea, which is so prevalent in our days!ŠLutheran Witness. IT is reported that "orthodox" kidnapping of the  children of dissenters still continues in Russia. At Ju-rieff, two couples have been sentenced to two months' imprisonment "for not having brought up their child-ren in the Greek Orthodox faith," and the children were handed over to relatives belonging to the Established Church, or, in default, to the government, for education. Thereby the "Greek Orthodox faith" of Russia declares itself non-Christian, to say the least; for Jesus said, "If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not.' John 12:47.ŠPresent Truth (London). Polygamy and Polygamy. THE Christian women of the United States are in arms against the admission of the member-elect from Utah, Mr. Roberts, to a seat in Congress. The objection urged is that he has a plurality of wives; that he is guilty of polygamy. Under the laws of theUnited States polygamy cannot exist in any State or Territory. Po-lygamy exists over the entire Sulu group. Sultan and slave practise it. Why are these horrible conditions permitted in possessions of the United States? Why get shocked at a single instance in this country when thou-sands and tens of thousands are practising it in Sulu under the approval and protection of the United States? ŠCincinnati Enquirer. "t4 A CRUSADE against profanity has been started in Albany, N. Y. The New York Journal gives this account of the undartaking:Š "ALBANY, N. Y., Jan. 14.ŠBridled tongues will be the rule in Albany if a crusade against cursing and swearing, started by the Holy Name Society, is success-ful. Municipal aid is to be asked, and it is expected that the police will be directed to enforce the law against pro-fanity in public places. "Harmanus Bleecker Hall was crowded to-night with an audience enthusiastic in support of the crusade. Bishop Burke, Mayor Blessing, former Senator Amasa J. Parker, and others spoke. Mayor Blessing said the movement would have the co-operation of the city au-thorities. "Resolutions were adopted declaring that profana-tion of God's holy name has become so prevalent and common among all classes of people that it is a disgrace to this enlightened age and reflects scandal upon a Christian community. The practise of cursing and swearing, the resolution set forth, has become so habit-ual that the most ordinary conversation is not indulged in without the profanation of God's name in almost every syllable, and the habit of indulgence in indecent conversation by grown people has spread to such an alarming extent among children that it disgusts people even on the public streets. "It was resolved that the members of the several Catholic societies of the city of Albany and citizens pres-ent pledge themselves to further every effort in the future to check the spread of profanity and indecent speech and to aid the municipal authorities in anyeffort 