THE AMERTCA S T N 253 ward spring, like Jonah's gourd, from the grmind, or come like spirits " from the vasty deep ? Were they all there before ? and did. Mr. Crafts not know it? Or did he knoW it, and ignore it ? Or yet again, were they already " everywhere " quietly attending to their own Christian calling as Christian people should? and did Mr. Crafts's, conjuring with his Sunday-law wand;  like that individual whom Macaulay mentions who conjured with his magic wand, call all these into an aggravated prominence with no power to bid them retire again? Mr. Crafts would do well to take a lesson from this, for the confessed peaceful methods employed by this people in their opposition which so disturbs him, are nothing at all, in comparison with the dethons of destruction that will be called froin the wicked world, professedly in his favor, by the 'mischievous relationship that will be created between the Church and the State, should he and his party succeed in securing their desired Sunday laws. In his article, however, he managed to leave his denunciation and discussion of Seventh-day Adventists, long enough to make an attempt to prove that " Sunday-work causes physical injury " and this is the proof Here is an engineer who does fifty-four days' work a month, making his regular salary swell to $1$0, almost' every month. A part of the extra work he does because he does not wish to displease his superior when asked to do two days' work in one," and a part because of his blind ambition to make money, at any cost. He is slightly wounded in an accident, from which he would have quickly recovered but that he has no reserve of strength, no recuperative powers, and so he dies at .the close of seven years service, for lack of a nine-hour law, and a six-day law. Is it so; then, that every engineer who swells to $180 his regular salary of $100 per month dies at the close of seven years' service ? Are they wounded only once in seven years, so that the wound and the loss of his reserve strength, and the seven year period, all co-operate symmetrically to demonstrate, so com-pletely, the fact that Sunday work causes physical injury ? If so, then every such engineer has a safe and effectual remedy. Each year, according to Mr. Crafts's figures, he clears $80 per month by his extra work, this amounts to $960 a year, and would amount to $5,760 in six years. Now, there are' not many of these engineers who can-not live on the regular salary of $100 per month. For six years, therefore, each might well have a clear $5,760 laid by, then let him skip that seventh year, and with it escape being wounded, and having to suffer death; in short, escape all the consequences of his dre'adftil dissipation in working on Sthiday. This idea of an engineer's " making " his salary of $100 per month swell to $180 almost every month, by Sunday work, is as complete a demonstration as need be of the hypocritical fallacy of the plea that  the Sunday-law workers make upon the strength of the " slavery " and " Egyp-tian bondage of Sunday toil." Mr. Crafts closes his article with these words :Š Both for the individual and the State, the Sabbath is closely related to success as well as salvation. And this idea of salvation for the State, as well as for the individual, in the matter of Sunday keeping, shows how much of the civil, and how little. of the religious, there is involved, and is intentionally in-volved, in Sunday laws. , A. T. J. Seventy-Five Dollar Jokes. .Mn. M. A. GAULT, of Blanchard, Iowa, is a district secretary, and an active worker, of the National Reform Association. We compile a few of his statements, that the reader may better appreciate what follows. Here are some of them :Š Whether the Constitution will be set right on the question of the moral supremacy of God's law in government, without bloody revolution, will depend entirely upon the strength and resistance of the forces of Antichrist.ŠChristian Statesman, Nov. 1886. Don't think we are advocating war but if we are not successful in the use of these other means, as it was with the anti-slavery question, after they had agitated and petitioned, and used the ballot they drew the sword; so shall we as a last resort, be compelled to use the sword and the bullet ŠState-ment in a lecture at College Springs, Ia., Feb. 10, 1889. Our remedy for all these malefic influences is to have the Government simply set up the moral law, and recognize God's authority behind it, and lay its hand on any religion that does not conform to it.ŠChristian Statesman, Jan. 13, 1887. We propose to incorporate in our national Con-stitution the moral and religious command, " In it [the Sabbath] thou shalt do no work," except the works of necessity, and by external force of shcr ifs we propose to arrest and punish all violators of this law.ŠIn a letter to the writer, dated June 3, 1889. I see most of your literature in my travels, and I am convinced that your folks will die hard. But we are helping Brother Crafts all the time to set stakes, and get ropes ready to scoop you all in. You will kick hard, of course, but we will make sure work.ŠCard to J. S. Washburn, dated Nov. 22, 1889. Mr. Gault, and R. C. Wylie have re-cently been holding local conventions at various points in Kansas, in the interests of National Reform, and especially Sab-bath reform. In their convention at Gar-nett, Mr. McReynolds was granted twenty minutes' time the second day of the con-vention, which was March 20. In intro-ducing him, Mr. Gault stated to the con-vention that Mr. McReynolds' people thought they were trying to get a law to persecute them; then turning to Mr. Mc-Reynolds, he said : " Mr. McReynolds, I would shoulder my musket and fight for you before I would see you persecuted for your faith." Mr. McReynolds then arose, and stated that he would first show how Mr. Gault intended to fight for us. He read the quotations from him and Mr. Graham, found in " Civil Government and Re- ligion," page 54; also Mr. Graham's card to Mr. Washburn. This broughi Mr. Gault to his feet. He said all the trouble was, we people did not know how to take a joke. He said he did riot mean what he said, but simply wrote to Mr. Washburn in a joke. He said some of their men had said things in the past, which they do not say now; and, for his part he would with-draw all those statements he had made. We do not wonder that some of these men feel ashamed of some of their state- ments when they meet them in cold printer's ink, and that they would gladly take them back. The best they can do for them now, however, is to smooth them over, and call them " jokes," and say they did not mean what they said. But how may we know whether they are joking, or mean what they say, or not ? The surest way we have of ascertaining this, is by testing those things which they are endeavoring to secure. They are clam-oring for more, and stricter, Sunday laws. How do these laws operate ? Just recently (March 6) one of our brethren in Tennes-see, R. M. King, has been fined seventy-five dollars for working quietly in his own field on Sunday. The judge and prosecuting at-torney of the court in which he was tried, as well as his neighbors, have declared that if Mr. King and his brethren continue to labor on Sunday they must leave the country. Now, Mr. Gault may call this a joke, but we look at the matter quite differently. If he and his fellow-laborers had to pay for the come-out of their jokes, perhaps they would think differently too. Here is a man, a Seventh-day Adventist, being persecuted on account of the exist-ence of a Sunday law. Mi.. Gault has said, that before he would see our people persecuted he would shoulder his musket and fight for us. Let him take up his gun now, and go down to Tennessee. Here is an opportunity. Let him go to the court house at Troy, Obion County, and pay the seventy-five dollars and costs. Or was he also " joking " when he said to Mr. Mc Reynolds that he would fight for us ? How may we know whether he meant this or not ? Let him settle the bill, and then we shall have reason to believe he meant this, and was joking in his other statements; otherwise we shall probably hold to our former opinion. It was fun for the boys to stone the frogs, but it was death to the frogs. Mr. Gault and others seem to delight in making these inflammatory speeches, but seventy-five-dollar jokes are quite serious things for poor men to pay. And the worst, we fear, is not yet.ŠW. A. C. in Review and Herald. IN proportion as the ecclesiastics became co-legislators, heresies became civil crimes, and liable .to civil punishments.Š Dean 