NoittlitRii, 9, 1893. AIVIDEJL-CIECA N RINriVINIEJLA. 347 churches, who, profiting by the experience of the race in years gone by, jealous of their rights, fear-ing the interference that in all other lands has spread misery and suffering upon the people, are satisfied with existing conditions of Government, and with the maintenance of a just equilibrium be-tween the Church and State. I say that hereafter, and for all time to come, there must be no inter-mingling of the powers of the one with the other, no union of Church and State in any way or man-ner; that hereafter the Church, as church, must abstain from interference in any way, shape, or manner with the political affairs of this Nation. [Applause.] On the taking up of this same bill on the succeeding day, Mr. Hitt, of Illinois, while addressing the House, said Mr. Speaker, there was mention made on yester-day by the gentleman from California [Mr. Geary] of certain petitions from various parts of the coun-try sent by churches. One has been sent to me oy 7,000 members of the Methodist Church and their pastors in the State of Washington, the conference being held at Seattle. I deemed it due to those men to have their petition brought before the American Congress, and I have presented it, as `shown by the Record of yesterday. I was as-tounded when that intelligent gentleman yesterday, referring to these petitions for the repeal of the Geary law, spoke so harshly of the interference of the Church in politics. I did not know that this bill was mere politics; I thought it was legislation [laughter], and I did not know that belonging to a Christian Church, or being associated in Christian fellowship, disquali-fied men for taking an interest in the honor of their country and in public morality. [Applause.] I brought that petition in here and I think it should be treated with all the respect due to the petitioners and due to that sacred right of petition, long ago in memorable days vindicated and glori-ously secured on the floor of this House by John Quincy Adams, a right which I hope will forever remain unchallenged, the right of every American citizen, whether he be Christian or pagan, whether he be a member of a church or an atheist, the right of petition, the right of prayer. MR, MAGUIRE. Did Mr. Geary on yesterday challenge the right of a Christian as a citizen to petition, or did he question simply his right to pe-tition as a member of a church ? MR. HITT. Mr. Geary is present and can probably speak for himself. MR. MAGUIRE. I thought he was not present. MR. HITT. Mr. Geary's statement was very clear. He spoke of " ecclesiastical " and Church interfer-ence, and I have spoken of the subject in general terms, as he did. My colleague on the committee [Mr. Geary] and myself have discussed these and many questions together in committee. Mn. GEARY. If the gentleman will permit me, I think he has now fallen into error. I distinctly said this: That a member of a church as a citizen had the same right of petition as any other citizen, but that he had no right to come to this body back-ing himself up with the power and might of his church organization. MR. HITT. To that I reply that a whole church association has the right; that I had the honor to present to this body, and I believe almost every other member here presented during the last session of Congress, petitions from churches as churches in reference to the question of closing on Sunday the great Exposition in Chicago. This is the first time I ever heard that it was wicked for churches to ask for the repeal of a law that violated moral law or to take an interest in public affairs. [Applause.] Mr. Hitt was followed by Mr. Johnson, of Indiana, who occupied his time, five minutes, with the presentation of a peti-tion from " The Religious Society of Friends," and remarks thereon. Mr. Grosvenor, of Ohio, then said :Š Mr. Speaker, I have not before me the language of the gentleman from California [Mr. Geary] in which he denounced, as I understood it, criticised certainly, the conferences of the Methodist Episco-pal Church which have seen fit to memorialize Congress on the subject of this pending legislation. To me it was an amazing exhibition on the floor of the House of Representatives. The Constitution of the United States, as the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Johnson] has said, guaranties to the people of this country this right; and it goes farther than that, it forbids Congress to so legislate as to abridge that right. Not only that, Mr. Speaker, but by the usage of Congress and by the common understand-ing of all 'of us, the petitioner who comes here respectfully to express his opinion is not to be crit-icised in his absence, and his motives are not to be condemned. The right of petition carries with it immunity from unjust and unreasonable criticism. I hold in my hand a memorial from the Ohio conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church, the representative body of that great church in the lo-cality in which I live. It is composed of a large number of ministers. It was presided over by a most distinguished divine, a bishop of the church. These gentlemen, in their representative capacity, represented 40,000 members of that great and en-lightened church. I would like to know, sir, upon what theory we deny to this body of men a respectful hearing ? We are discussing the relationship between a great Christian Nation, our ownŠChristian upon our own allegationŠand a heathen nationŠheathen upon our allegationŠand we are standing here in the light of the nineteenth century drawing a line of distinction against the other nation, while we are criticising the men of our own Nation who have a right under our own Constitution to be heard. This memorial, presented by them, is couched in the most respectful languageŠno criti-cism of Congress, no undue condemnation of this legislation, but simply an expression of opinion. That great body of Christian gentlemen would have fallen short of their duty if they held these opinions and did not make them known to us. They speak of the great body of men whom their money and their philanthropy have sent forth to Christianize the heathen in foreign lands. and I take no stand, especially on this legislation, but would have a great curiosity to see what the disci-.  ples of the ancient faith of the Chinese would say to the Christian coming into their midst with a copy of this sort of legislation in his pocket, and the speech of the gentleman from California [Mr. Geary] as a part of it, and undertake to teach the doctrine of the lowly Nazarene to the benighted heathen. I think the Chinaman would have great force if he should remark to the missionary, " You had better go to the United States, to the heathen at your own doors." Mr. Speaker, what source in the United States has a higher right to speak to Congress and to deliver here an expression of its opinion upon such a subject than the Methodist Episcopal Church ? I know many members of this conference, men of the highest intelligence, men of the highest patriot-ism, of the highest piety, men who have never entered upon a question of this sort except as cit-izens of our common country, expressing their views and opinions upon a great question involving our title to the name of a, Christian Nation, such as this. They are the men who, following the leadership of John Wesley, who proclaimed that the world was his parish, have gone forth in the spirit of their Master to do their duty to all mankind. I do not believe that the gentleman from Cali-fornia intended to attack this great body of men with the bitterness which is implied in his lan-guage. I have, therefore, risen, sir, merely to call the attention of the House to the invasion of the spirit of the Constitution in thus refusing a hear-ing to a respectable petition before Congress. [Applause.] On the continuation of the same discus-sion the following day, October 13, Mr. Hooker, of Mississippi, said :Š Now, the honorable gentleman from California [Mr. Geary] read the resolutions of an assemblage of the Methodist Church held in this city during the present year; and allusions have been made in this debate to resolutions of various religious de-nominations throughout the country on this sub-ject. The gentleman said. " This is the Church interfering with the State?" Why, sir, the very treaty to which the gentleman referredŠthe treaty which was amended in its .terms by the bill which the House passed at his instanceŠthat very treaty itself stipulates for religious freedom in China and religious freedom for the Chinese in America. The gentleman talks about this being an inter-ference by the Church with the State, an interfer-ence by religious bodies with affairs of legislation. I have yet to learn, Mr. Speaker, that because an assemblage of men chance to be gentlemen and Christians, therefore they have not the right to petition the Congress of the United States on any subject they may select. You members who sit here on this floor, go back home and tell your Methodist, and Presbyterian, and Episcopalian, and Catholic constituents that you have refused to con-sider a petition upon this important subject because it comes from a body of men calling themselves gentlemen and Christians, and you will hear the echo of the answer when next November comes. They have a right to petition. If they feel hon-est, conscientious convictions on this subject, it is their duty to petition ; and I do not know any en-lightened set of men who ought to be listened to with more patience, at least, and more respect by the Congress of the United States, whether here or in the other branch. The right of petition is a  sacred right of the American citizen. Does a man lose it because he belongs to a Christian organiza-tion ? Or does an organized body lose this right of petition because it is interested in Christian work ? Sir, you have now in China missionaries of the great denominations of this country. They have gone there and planted the cross of our Saviour, and they have made convertsŠnot a great many, possibly ; still they have made converts. Does the honorable gentleman from California mean to say that he intends to restrict the power of the Almighty to have the cross of our Saviour carried into all lands, whether savage or civilized ? Does he mean to say that the Saviour, who died upon the cross, did not die for the 430,000,000 of Mongo-lians in China, constituting one-third of the human family ? Are they to be excluded from the plan of redemption on account of the color of their skins or the almond shape of their eyes ? This is a new doctrine to come from a Christian Representative! It will be noticed in this discussion that Mr. Geary distinctly said, without dero-gating in the least from the Church or its rights as an organization, that the church-man's right of petition was as a citizen and not as a churchman, and that he had no right to invoke the powerful name of his church to influence legislation. Those who, in referring to this, have supported Mr. Geary invariably recognized this just and correct discrimination. Those, how-ever, who have opposed him in regard to these petitions, without exception, show themselves to be afflicted with that mental blindness,Šcommon to all National Re-formers, and by which they and their kind can always be recognized,Šwhich makes them unable to appreciate any dis-tinction between individuals and corpora-tions or organizations. To them a corpo-ration or a State is just as much a "moral person" as ,the individual citizen. One affirmed that to him it was an entirely new thought that there should be any impropriety in churches influencing legis-lation as churches; while another desired to know " what source in the United States has a higher right to speak to Con-gress and to deliver here an expression of its opinion upon such a subject than the Methodist Episcopal Church ? " But, perhaps, Mr. Hooker, of Missis-sippi, touched the vital point f the matter with most, when he reminded the members upon the floor of the House that if they went back to their Methodist, Presbyte-rian, Episcopalian, and Catholic constit-uents with the record of having ignored a religious representative petition, they would "hear the echo of the answer when next November comes." The association of the names of the denominations made here is as suggestive as the threat is characteristic. This discussion of the relation of religion and the churches to Congress and its leg-islation was prolonged still further; but other notice of it will be deferred until next week. w. H. M. Protestantism in Politics. AN exchange, which devotes itself to an open and virulent antagonism of the Ro-man Catholic Church, its methods, and its members, publishes the following, evi-dently without a thought that these are Roman Catholic methods which are being espoused by professed Protestants. Some of these anti-Catholic papers and organ-izations expressly state that they antag-onize Catholicism only as a political and not as a religious organization. Will they be consistent now and antagonize so-called Protestantism wherever it aspires to political organization and control ? A Christian political mass meeting was held re-cently in the Second Presbyterian Church in Jersey 