6 AMERICAN SENTINEL the State receive them as Christianity. They might not accept them as such upon the word of the secular author-ities, but they are not prepared to dispute the assertions of the preachers who are behind the civil authorities in all such work. And thus Christianity itself is made death to them, and erelong they loathe it as they would a corpse. And if they are rigidly bound to it by the law, all the manhood that is in them will resolve to be freed from it at any cost. No man will tamely submit to be bound to a thing that is dead. Such are some of the indisputable facts that pertain to the blasphemous doCtrine that Christianity is part of the common law. - 4- -4t Jefferson on " Christianity a Part of Common Law." As might be expected, so monstrous a fiction as that `,Christianity is part of the common law" did' not have its birth in any legitimate way. It started as a "judicial forgery ; " but once set going, was adopted and fostered by English judges of the times until it attained full legal growth, and has been bequeathed to our own time as a genuine thing. No less an American and legal authority than Thomas Jefferson has exposed this fraud, and his statement leaves it without any cloak for its true char-acter. Jefferson's words on this point are contained in a letter dated at Monticello, June 5,1824, written to Major John Cartwright, then of London. Referring to a vol-ume which the latter had sent him on the English Consti-tution, Mr. Jefferson said: I was, glad to find in your book a formal contradic-tion at length of the judiciary usurpation of legislative powers; for such the judges have usurped in their re-peated decisions that Christianity is a part of the com-mon law. The proof of the contrary which you have adduced is incontrovertible. . . . But it may amuse you to learn when and by what means they stole this in upon us. . . . Here I might defy the best-read lawyer to produce one scrip of authority for this judicial forgery; and I might go on further to show how some of the Anglo-Saxon priests interpolated into the text of Alfred's laws the 20th, 21st, 22nd, and 23rd chapter of Exodus, and the 13th of the Acts of the Apostles, from the 23d to the 29th verses. But this, would lead my pen and your patience too far. What a conspiracy between Church and State I" Of the occasion of this judicial forgery, and the use made of it by the English jurists, Jefferson says:Š " In Quare impedit in C. B. H. 6, fo. 38, the defendant Bishop of Lincoln pleads that the church of the plaintiff became vacant by the death of the incumbent; that the plaintiff and I. S. each pretending a right, presented two clerks; that the church being thus rendered litigious, he was not obliged by the ecclesiastical law to admit either until an inquisition de jure patronatus in the ecclesiastical court; that by the same law this inquisition was to be at the suit of either claimant, and was not ex-officio to  be instituted by the Bishop and at his proper costs; that neither party had desired such an inquisition; that six months passed, wherein it belonged to him of right to present, as on a lapse, which he had done. The plaintiff demurred. A question was, how far the ecclesiastical law was to be respected in this matter by the common law court. And Prisot (c. 5.) in the course of his argument uses this expression: A tels leis que Hs de seint eglise ont en ancien scripture, convient a nous a donner credence; car ceo common ley sur queltonts manners leis sontfonde s.' . . Finch mis-states this in the following manner: ' To such laws of the church as have warrant in Holy Scripture our law gives credence,' and cites the above case and the words of Prisot in the margin. (Finch's law. B. I. c. 3. published 1613.) Here we find ancien scripture converted into Holy Scripture, whereas it can only mean the ancient written laws of the church. It cannot mean the Scriptures: 1st. Because the term ancient scripture must then be understood as meaning the Old Testament in contra-distinction to the New, and to the exclusion of that, which would be absurd and contrary to the wish of those who cited this passage to prove that the scriptures, or Christianity, is a part of the common law. 2nd. Be-cause Prisot says ceo (est) Common ley sur quels tones manner leis sont fondes.' Now it is true that the eccle-siastical law, so far as admitted in England, derives its authority from the common law. But it would not be true that the Scriptures so derive their authority. 3rd. The whole case and arguments show that the question was, how far the ecclesiastical law' in general should be respected in a common law court. And in Bro's Abr. of this case Littleton says, 'les juges del Common ley pren-dra conusans quid est lex ecclesile vel admiralitates et hujus modi? ' 4th. Because the particular part of the ecclesiastical law then in question, viz.: the right of the patron to present to his advowson, was not founded on the law of God, but subject to themodification of the law-giver, and so could not introduce any such general posi-tion as Finch pretends. Yet Wingate (in 1658) thinks proper to erect this quotation into a maxim of the com- ' mon law, expressing it in the very words of Finch but citing Prisot. Wingate, Max. 3. Next comes Sheppard (in 1675) who states it in the same words of Finch and quotes Y. B., Finch and Wingate. 3. Shep. Arb. tit. Re-ligion. NO AUTHORITY. "In the case of King and Taylor, Sir Matthew Hale lays it down in these words : ' Christianity is parcel of the laws of England.' (I. Ventr. 293. 3. Keb. 607.) But he quotes no authority. It was from this part of the sup-posed common law that he derived his authority for burning witches. So strong was this doctrine become in 1728 by additions and repetitions from one another that in the case of The King v. Woolston the court would not suffer it to be debated, whether to write against Christi-anity was punishable in the temporal courts at common law, saying it had been settled in Taylor's case, ante, 2 stra. 834. Therefore Wood in his Institutes, lays it down that all blasphemy and profaneness are offenses by the common law, and cites Strange, ubi supra, Wood, 409. And Blackstone (about 1763) repeats, in the words of Sir Matthew Hale, that ' Christianity is part of the laws of England,' citing Ventr. and Str. ubi supra, 4. Bl. SO. 