AMERICAN SENTINEL. 197 tion. There have been many famines in India in the past; but why, should the severest of all come when England had ruled the country for over a century? Is there something fundamentally wrong with the imperi-alistic idea?ŠSpringfield Republican. Lessons in Religious Liberty from the Experience of King Nebuchadnezzar.* BY PROF. W. W. PRESCOTT. NEBUCHADNEZZAR was king over all the earth, and it was a new thing for anyone to dispute his absolute au-thority. It was to him a case of unbearable insolence when- the three Jewish captives from conquered Jerusa-lem presumed to withstand him to his face. "Then was Nebuchadnezzar full of fury, and the form of his visage was changed against Shadrach, Meshach, and Abed-nego: therefore he spake and commanded that they should heat the furnace one seven times more than'it was wont to be heated. And he commanded the most mighty men that were in his army to bind Shad-rach, Meshach, and Abed-nego, and to cast them into the burning fiery furnace. Then these men were bound in their coats, their hosen, and their hats, and their other garments, and were cast into the midst of the burning fiery furnace. Therefore because the king's commandment was urgent, and the furnace exceeding hot, the flame of the fire slew those men that took up Shadrach, Meshach, and Abed-nego. And these three men, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abed-nego, fell down bound into the midst of the burning fiery furnace." The king of Babylon did his utmost. The furnace was "exceeding hot," and from its fiery mouth it breathed forth death to "the most mighty men" that were in the army of the king of Babylon. They were literally slain by the breath of its mouth. Not one of that assembled multitude could say that the flame and the heat were not real, for it was demonstrated that men selected for their power of resistance could not en-dure to approach near it. To them it was "a consum-ing fire." And there was no possibility left to the three captives for escaping from the furnace, for they "were bound," and they "fell down bound" into the very center of the flames. Thus did the king of Babylon pur-pose to inflict summary punishment upon those who presumed to question his right to dictate what and how they should worship; and by making a public example of these few he would effectually check any such ten-dency to these treasonable sentiments on the part of his other subjects. But he did not know with whom he was dealing, for he had not yet become acquainted with the God whose dwelling is with flesh, and there was no Gamaliel to say to him, "Refrain from these men, and let them alone. . . lest haply ye be found even to *Dan. 3 :19-30.  fight against God." That God who had brought these men to Babylon to reveal his power to save, and whose-presence was known to them, would through them make his presence known to all the people. "Then Nebuchadnezzar the king was astonied, and rose up in haste, and spake, and said unto his counsel-ors, Did not we cast three men bound into the midst of the fire? They answered and said unto the king, True, 0 king. He answered and said, Lo, I see four men loose, walking in the midst of the fire, and they have no hurt; and the form of the fourth is like the Son of God. Then Nebuchadnezzar came near to the mouth of the burning fiery furnace, and spake, and said, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abed-nego, ye servants of the most high God, come forth, and come hither. Then Shadrach, Meshach, and Abed-nego, came forth of the midst of the fire. And the princes, governors, and captains, and the king's coun-selors, being gathered together, saw these men upon whose bodies the fire had no power, nor was a hair of their head singed, neither were their coats changed, nor the smell of fire had passed on them." THE GREATEST KING OF EARTH ONLY A SUBJECT. It was through the direct providence of the God of heaven that Nebuchadnezzar held a universal dominion. Through the prophet Jeremiah the Lord had said: "I have made the earth, . . . and have given it unto whom it seemed meet unto me. And now have 1 given all these lands into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon, my servant. . . . And all nations shall serve him." And in his interpretation of the dream Daniel had said: "The God of heaven hath given thee a kingdom, power, and strength, and glory." It is evident, therefore, that the Lord expected all the people of the earth to be obedient to Nebuchadnezzar. Why then did he work in such a wonderful manner to deliver from death those who had refused to obey the king's decree? The key to the answer is found in the words of the Lord, "the king of Babylon, my servant." These three Hebrews were servants of the most high God, and they were loyal, faithful servants. The king'of Babylon was also a servant, but he was disloyal; and his unfaith-fulness could not absolve the faithful few from their al-legiance to the God of heaven and earth. -When God gave the dominion of all the earth into the hands of Nebuchadnezzar, he did not resign any of his own authority over the universe. "The Lord is the true God, he is the living God, and an everlasting King; at his wrath the earth shall tremble, and the nations shall not be able to abide his indignation." "The Lord is a great God, and a great King above all gods. in his hand are the deep places of the earth; the strength of the hills is his also. The sea is his, and he made it and his hands formed the dry land." "He is to be feared above all gods. For all the gods of the nations are idols; but the Lord made the heavens. Honor and majesty are before him; strength and beauty are in his sanctuary. Give unto the Lord, 0 ye kindreds of the 