AMERICAN SENTINEL. 371 Tors, candy stores, etc.,Šwould there be any more moral-ity in Williamsport than there was before? When an individual wants to sell goods on Sunday, but does not because he is forced to discontinue, is he made any more moral than he was before? Can any person be made moral by force? And if not, can the ap-plication of force which is sought in Williamsport, to close up all stores on Sunday, make any difference at all in the morality of that city? Doubtless it can make the city seem more moral; but is there any advantage in mere pretense? Is there any advantage, morally, in seeming to be what you are not? Is there any virtue in hypocrisy? Is it any better to be a Pharisee than a publican and a sinner? These are questions that should be seriously consid-ered by the church people of Williamsport before going further in this crusade. No doubt they are actuated by a sincere desire to promote the moral welfare of the peo-ple; but if this is what they desire, why do they not seek to arouse the consciences of those engaged in Sunday traffic, rather than to suppress them by brute force? A kind of church work which does not touch the con-science is something not included in the gospel commis-sion given by Jesus Christ. Of course, it would be a dif-ficult task to arouse conscience on the point of Sunday observance, there being no scripture upon which the appeal to conscience could be based. Sunday observ-ance rests upon tradition; and somehow conscience does not respond well to an appeal based upon tradition. Yet there is scripture in plenty supporting Sabbath ob-servance, and to this the consciences of many will re-spond. And certain it is that the only Sabbath observ-ance which is of benefit to any person is that based upon Scripture and conscience, and not upon the law and the courts. The Abuse of Power. No PERSON in the world is so good that he can be safely entrusted with the arbitrary exercise of great power. No person in the world, under such circum-stances, could be safely relied on to make no invasion upon the rights of his fellows. The truth of this is seen to-day in the use that is made of their power by individuals who occupy positions of financial or political preeminence. It is the arbitrary exercise of the power of vast wealth or of a political dic-tatorship or of something else, that is disturbing so se-riously the equilibrium of society. The man who commands millions of dollars, or mill-ions of votes, or the backing' of a vast organization holds more power than can safely be exercised by one man's judgment and will. But it is human nature to wish to exercise power in just this way; and to feel fully competent to exercise properly any degree of power that can be acquired. Power, in itself, is :a proper and necessary thing for-all persons; but there must be something to guard against its perversion. And here is seen the wisdom of God in the gospel. For the gospel provides him who re-ceives it with great power, even the very power of God, but to be exercised only by a will that has first been sub-mitted to God, and by the wisdom of God given to him who has been fitted for its reception. And this is the true remedy for the evils that afflict society from the perversion of power. Under the provi-sions of the gospel, the humblest individual has more-power than the mightiest man of earth who stands out-side its provisions. He has power sufficient for every human need, while the mightiest man of earth has not the power that he needs to save himself from final de-struction. The power of the one is a blessing to man-kind, while that of the other is a menace and often a ter-rible curse. The remedy is not to put more of earthly power into the hands of men, but more of the divine power into the hearts of the people. And the clergy, of all men, should, be laboring most earnestly to this end. The United States in China. THE time has evidently come when the United States is expected to participate with the powers of Europe in the readjustment of political boundary lines on the con-tinent of Asia. Having taken possession of the Philip-pine Islands the United States is provided with a conve-. nient base of operations for a further advance westward;  and it is only to be expected that, having entered thus-far upon a policy of expansion, this Government will advance to the more fruitful fields beyond. The same-policy which justifies the steps already taken, calls for and justifies the steps necessary to establish the United States as a power upon the mainland of Eastern Asia. Accordingly, it was quite fitting that the New York Chamber of Commerce should at a recent meeting listen to a speech by Mr. John Barrett, former United States minister to Siam, in which it was set forth that America is now the arbiter of China's future, and that this Gov-ernment must now take action with reference to the poi_ icies that are being pursued by the European powers in.  China. In his speech Mr. Barrett said:Š "The most important statement that I wish to make to-day is this: America is to-day the arbiter of China's future. This is a tremendous responsibility, which has suddenly and unexpectedly come upon us within the last few months, or almost at this hour, and it directly in-volves the preservation, protection, and development of our present considerable and future vast trade and com-merce with this most populous and wide-reaching empire of all Asia. "The move that England has recently made upon the chessboard of Asiatic politics, by practically agreeing 