A_MERI CA N SENTINEL,. 229 We believed that the saloon was to be closed by faith and prayer; we had faith in God and also in man, and when we saw that the saloon still existed, believed that the lack was in our praying. We believed that God chose human means through which to operate, and that, there-fore, when we had found and employed the right means for closing out the saloon business, it would cease to ex-ist, and the world be free from its curse. My readers will understand from this, the earnestness with which, when we met failure in one direction, we turned in another. We had believed that since saloon-keepers were men, Šthat all that was necessary was to make them under-stand what their business was doing to the women, chil-dren, tempted men, and the home; of the land. When a woman one day came and poured her com-plaint into my ears, I said, "Have you told that saloon-keeper what he is doing to you through John?" No, she had not done that. "Then," I said, "go and tell him just what you have told me, and he will stop." I believed it, and my faith was no greater than that of the average woman. For the sake of the fathers and brothers with whom we had grown up; for the sake of the lovers who had won us to their own homes, and for the sake of the little boys about our knees; all of manhood from the cradle up to old age was sweet, was noble, true and honorable; we believed that we could always trust it. This was the confidence we had in men, and there is no sadder chapter in human history than the disappoint-ment with which the men of that generation, Christian voters as well as saloon-keepers, disappointed the pray-ing women. We still believed it was a question of faith and prayer toward men as well as God, but it was evident we must pray to another class of men. We thought we discovered at length that it must be the man who drank, instead of the man who sold, who should close up the saloon. If the drinking man could but be persuaded to drink no more, then the traffic must cease for lack of patronage, and the evil would be wiped off the face of the earth. We wondered that we had not thought of that before. The thing that remained therefore, was to pledge all men and women to total abstinence. To do this as quickly as possible would require systematic and united effort, and we began to organize all over the land. In almost every city and village organized bodies of women under many different names sprang into being almost simultaneously. They were known as Woman's Temperance "Associa-tions," "Leagues," "Societies," as "Crusade Unions," etc., etc. The city or village was districted; the women, armed with pledges, would meet each day for prayer in some central place and then go out for the house to house can-vass for signers. Everybody was asked to sign the pledge; the man best known as clean and upright in all things was asked to give the support of his name to the  poor victim of drink, who would not like to advertize hisŁ  "failing" by such a promise, made only by drunkards..  He might stagger boldly on the street in' company with,  other drunken fellows, but to sign the pledge with them alone we felt would make him "too conspicuous" alto-gether, and so we tried to make a shelter for him in this= confession behind the respectability of the "very best." To this pledge-signing work we found no opposition.. The poor victims of drink seemed only to have been wait-ing a chance to sign; saloon-keepers smiled to see us take "dead beats" off their hands, and the roll of names ran up into tens and hundreds of thousands. We said to each other that it was the beautiful old story of the prodigal son over again, only there was "so many of him," and the joy over one sinner that repents was so multiplied that the world was not large enough to hold it. How our rejoicing filled all the sp ices between the oceans- with songs that echoed and reechoed from every mountain and valley It was a time of triumph such as the world had never known. If only it might not have ended in such bitter mourning ! "Christian" Spain and "Christian" America. Am the recent Methodist Conference held in this city, the Committee on National Affairs reported to the as-sembly "an indictment demanding the expulsion of Span-ish rule from Cuba." Among the reasons set forth in the report for this action is this:- 8. Its sacreligious pretense of claiming to be a Christian nation." Yet this same Methodist body indorses the declara-tion of the Supreme Court that the United States "is a Christian nation;" and that decision, in laying the groundwork for such a declaration, goes directly back to the history of Ferdinand and Isabella, of Spain, and cites the religious auspices under which Columbus set sail forŁ  the New World, as one of the proofs that from the very first, the nation has been Christian in character. And as the religion of Spain has not changed from that day to-this, it is perfectly plain that if it can be cited in proof that this nation was inaugurated under Christian aus-pices, it can be cited in proof that Spain is to-day a Chris-tian nation. If Spain be not a Christian nation to-day, then it is absolutely certain that the commission given to Columbus by Ferdinand and Isabella in the name of religion, had nothing to do withChristiani'y in this coun-try, and constitutes no evidence whatever in support of the Supreme Court's decision. But no Methodist body have dissented from this finding of the Supreme Court; or if they have it has been done so secretly as not to come to public notice. The Methodist Conference might just as well declare war on the Supreme Court as favor war against Spain for claiming to be a Christian nation. 