336 VOL. O. go. 4q. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 25, 1894. Qom" ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. IT is positively stated that Mgr. Satolli is about to be made a cardinal, and that he will remain in this country as apostolic delegate, or in other words, vice-pope. THE centennial anniversary of the Penn-sylvania Sunday law is to be celebrated in Williamsport, October 30 and 31. " Arrangements are being made," says the Christian Statesman, "to secure a large attendance." JERSEY CITY is to have a Law and Order League. " Its object," says the Christian Statesman, " will be to see that the laws of Hudson County, and especially those protecting the Sabbath, are enforced." It is stated that " nearly all the ministers in the county favor.the movement." Two Seventh-day Adventists will be tried at Centreville, Md., the first Monday ill November, for violating the Maryland Sunday law by hoeing in the garden and chopping wood on Sunday. The AMER-ICAN SENTINEL will be represented at the trials, and will furnish our readers a full report of the proceedings. THE Lake Mohonk Indian Conference passed a very positive resolution opposing Government aid to sectarian schools. No-ting this fact the Independent remarks that it is " somewhat amusing that Lake Mohonk is a sort of Quaker headquarters, and that the only three religious denomin-ations, we believe, which yet receive Gov-ernment money are the Quakers, the Unit-arians and the Catholics." IN a sermon delivered recently in Battle Creek, Mich., the speaker maintained that Sunday can be and is kept in obedience to the fourth commandment. Upon this the Review and Herald, of that place, perti-nently says : " Now, if Sunday, the first day, can be kept in obedience to the com-mandment, which says, `The seventh day is the Sabbath,' why cannot Seventh-day Adventists, by keeping the seventh day, keep the law of the State, which enforces the observance of the first day ?" THE Chicago Herald of the 7th instant complains that while " it seems quite easy for a number of Chicago ministers to secure instant attention for a request they make upon the post-office department at Waghington," it also " seems to be abso-lutely impossible for the business men of Chicago, for the great mass of the people for whose accommodation the postal serv-ice is supposed to exist, and who pay so enormous a proportion of the general post revenues of the country, to get the atten-tion of the department." There are two reasons for this : first, the religious prejudice of the officials; and second, the fact that while the business men are not sufficiently united to get to-gether and knife at the polls any politician or party that refuses their demands, the churches are in a position to do that very thing. The political boycott is a power-ful weapon and the political churches have learned how to use it. THE annual congress of the American Secular Union and Freethought Federation of America, will be held at Madison Hall, 146 W. Madison St., Chicago, Oct. 26, 27 and 28, 1894. The programme announces three sessions each day commencing at the hours of 10 A. M. and 2 and 8 P. M. Among the ad-vertised subjects, there are a number that would interest readers of the SENTINEL. The opening address will be delivered by Samuel P. Putman, subject, "The Reli-gious Conspiracy in the American Repub-lic." Friday afternoon, Mrs. Lizzie M. Holmes will speak on the subject, " Sepa-ration of Church and State." In the even-ing Hon. C. B. Waite will deliver an address on the topic, " The Crusade of the Church Against the State." Saturday forenoon and afternoon will be devoted to business. In the evening Rev. M. W. Chunn, will discuss the question of the " Encroachment of Church on State." Sunday morning Franklin Sterner will ad-dress the congress on the subject " The Struggle for Religious Liberty." In the afternoon Alonzo T. Jones, of the AMER-ICAN SENTINEL, will. speak On the sub-ject, " The Judicial Basis of a Religious Despotism in the United States." In the evening John E. Remsburg will speak on the subject, " The Sabbath Question in Secular Government," after which closing addresses will be delivered by Hon. C. B. Waite and Samuel P. Putnam. TIIE Melbourne, Australia, Age, of August 18, 1894, has the following, rela-tive to the prosecution of Seventh-day Adventists, under the Sunday law of Charles II.:Š The strict Sabbatarians of Sydney who have set themselves the good work of converting the Seventh-day Adventists from their heresy, with the assistance of Charles II. law, are likely to prove more useful than they intend. Up to now they have only suc-ceeded in making mild martyrs of two or three mem-bers of the cult or creed mentioned, but, on the other hand, they have harassed the forensic authorities a great deal. The conviction they secured against Robert Shannon the other day for mixing mortar on Sunday did not give Shannon the least pain, in fact he rather relished the prospect of two hours in the stocks, but the crown law authorities were quite put about when the sentence was recorded, and were really delighted, after much investigation and obtaining weighty legal opinion, to find that they had an oppor- tunity of quashing the conviction on a quibble, and it was accordingly quashed, to the great relief of the powers, who considered the cost of a set of new stocks less than the effect of the public exhibition of a con-scientious Seventh-day Adventist in the antiquated machine upon the minds of the people. The Sabbata-rians may not be anxious for the abolition of the fossil law with which they are persecuting those men who refuse to accept a religion at their dictation, but that will surely be the effect of their bigotry and intolera-tion. These musty enactments have only to be dragged into the light, and used as instruments of persecution by religious fanatics, to convince the people of the evil of allowing them to be retained upon the statute books, and to make the electors determined in demand-ing their excision. The opinion expressed in the concluding sentences of this paragraph from the Age, was very generally held in this country a few years ago. Almost every secular paper said that the enforcement of the Sunday laws in the several States would lead to their repeal, but such has not been the case. In only one State has such a statute been even modified. On the con-trary, the drift is in the direction of more stringent Sunday statutes and a more rigid enforcement of those laws. This is just what we have foreseen for many years in the light of the prophetic Scrip-tures; and it is now seen that the trend of the times is in perfect harmony with the predictions of the divine Word. But while the world is trampling upon God's Sab-bath and endeavoring by human law to exalt in its stead the Sunday of the pa-pacy, a few in every land are being gath-ered out who are ready to go to the stocks, to prison, to tho chain-gang, or to death if need be, rather than to worship the papal beast by observing his false Sabbath. "ROME'S CHALLENGE," the Interna-tional Religious Liberty Association's re-print of the four Catholics Mirror edito-rials, arguing the utter absence of Bible authority for Sunday observance, and challenging Sunday keeping Protestants to reply, has been translated into the French. The pamphlet can now be had at this office, in the English, Danish, Swedish, German, and French languages. Price 4 cents. THE International Religious Liberty Association has issued Nos. 7-19 of their library bound in a single volume. They form a book of over 400 pages, and will be mailed post-paid for 75 cents. The usual discount on quantities. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per ear, 90c 46 .. . 25 to 99 44 64 64  100 to 249 " " 66 250 to 499 " " " " 500 to 999 " " " " " 1000 or more " " " To foreign countries in Postal Union, Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York Car. - - 750 14 - - - '70c - - 65c - - - 60c 5 shillings 