174  kgEN  NO. 22.      due conviction before any justice of the peace of the county, shall forfeit and pay three dollars, one half to the person who will sue for the same and the other half for the use of the county. (Code, sec. 2289.) The statute having defined and fixed the penalty for Sunday labor, by the well known rule of construction, the law exist-ing before the statute, if any, is abrogated. Lorry vs. State, 7 Bax., 95; State vs. Boocer, 71 Mo., 631; Sedgwick on the "Construction of Statutes," 2d ed., p. 105. TENNESSEE DECISIONS ON THE SUBJECT. The decisions in Tennessee as to whether repeated or habitual secular labor on Sun-day will constitute a nuisance at the com-mon law, are in conflict. In th© case of Lorry vs. State, 7 Bax., 95, Chief Justice Nicholson, in delivering the opinion of the court, says :Ñ The question, then, is whether the defendant is in-dictable for a common nuisance in carrying on his trade, barbering, on Sunday. If this be so, then every other person who carries on his ordinary business, openly and publicly on Sunday, may be indicted for a nuisance. The occupation of the barber stands on the same platform with the merchant, mechanic, or professional man. It is . ¥ . in no respect a nuisance, unless it becomes so by the simple fact that it is carried on on Sunday. The legal definition of a nuisance is "that which incommodes or annoysÑsomething which produces inconvenience or damage." It cannot be said that a barber shop is something which incommodes or annoys, or which produces in-convenience or damage to others. . . . To hold that it becomes a nuisance when carried on on Sunday is a perversion of the term "nuisance." All that can be said of it is that when prosecuted on Sunday it is a violation, and subject to be proceeded against as pro-vided by the statute, but not subject to indictment as a nuisance. Thus the court held that the carrying on of one's business openly and publicly on Sunday was not, and could not constitute a nuisance simply because it was done on Sunday. Lorry vs. State;  I Bax., 95. In the case of Parker vs. State, 16 Lea, 476, it was held that the carrying on of the business of a blacksmith, openly and pub-licly, was a nuisance and was indictable as such, and that the proof need not show that any one was disturbed thereby. In delivering the opinion in that case, Chief Justice Deadrick uses the following lan-guage, quoting from 4 Blackstone's Cora., 42 et seq.:Ñ Regarding Christianity as a part of the law of the land, it respects and protects its institutions. and assumes likewise to regulate the public morals and decency of the commuhfiy. He then proceeds to place Sunday labor on the same footing with obscenity, pro-fanity, etc., and then proceeds :Ñ The statute makes it unlawful for any of the enu-merated class to follow his ordinary, secular avocations on the Sabbath day, because it is immoral and is of pernicious effect; and though it may be conceded that a single offense may be liable only to the penalty pre scribed by the statute, yet a succession of such acts becomes a nuisance and is indictable. He bases this statement on 1 Bishop's " Criminal Law," sec. 1055, from which the latter part of the statement is quoted. But the quotation from Bishop was to show that though the statute might pro-vide for the punishment of single acts of an immoral nature, yet when such acts were carried on to such an extent as to become a nuisance, they were indictable as such, notwithstanding the single act might be subject only to the penalty provided in the statute. The learned author, Bishop, was treating of acts that were immoral within themselves, such as obscenity, bawdy-houses, exposure of the person, adultery, lewdness, etc., but does not men-tion Sunday labor under this head at all. Bishop's Criminal Law,"   Vol. 1, sec. 500-506. The Chief Justice then pro-ceeds :Ñ See also Bishop's "Criminal Law," Vol. 2, sec. 939, where it is said that the doctrine has been laid down in Pennsylvania that although a single act of Sabbath-breaking is punishable by the statute, there may be such a repetition of acts of the same sort as will amount to an indictable offense. He then says " that such a succession of acts is shown in this case," and decides that although the proof did not show that any one was disturbed by the acts of the defendant, that it was a nuisance and punishable as such. Bishop does not place Sunday labor under the head of immoral offenses at all, nor does any other law writer. They all place Sunday laws under "offenses against God and religion." 1 Bishop's " Criminal Law," sec. 499; 4 Blackstone's Corn., 65; 2 Wharton's "Criminal Law," 2384; Ring-gold's " Law of Sunday," 47. No writer, not even Bishop, states that a repetition of acts of Sunday labor will constitute a nuisance, but says it has been so held in Pennsylvania. And this, Chief Justice Deadrick, in the Parker case as stated, quotes as authority for holding that case to be a nuisance. Bishop says that the Pennsylvania case held that there might be such a succession of acts of Sunday labor as would constitute a nui-sance. But the Pennsylvania judge does not use the word nuisance at all. He says, "There may be such a succession of acts of the same sort [Sunday labor] as would amount to an indictable offense." The language of the Pennsylvania judge (Thomason) is:Ñ The offense complained of here is a disturbance of the public peace; and the worldly employment, the manner and time of it, is only evidence of the offense charged. Traveling, or riding for recreation is not a breach of the Sabbath, and persons may not be ar-rested for riding along the streets for such purposes. The disturbances, if any, occasioned by the vehicle would be only fof an instant, and not soon recurring. This, is very unlike the carrying of passengers in ve-hicles along the same route every six minutes as was intended by the company on the day the Pxrest was made. Continuing he says :Ñ The worldly employment, if carried no in such a manner and in subh places as to disturb the public pease and quiet, and the religious exercises of the community, either in the churches or at home or in places of worship, Inay or may not be restrained by the imposition of the penalty defined in the act. Do not such circumstances constitute a disturbance of the public peace of the Sabbath, and may not the offender or offenders, be held to bail to keep the peace ? Com-monwealth vs. Jeandell, 2 Grant, Pa. 506. I have quoted freely from this case be-cause it is cited as the case and the only case of Sunday labor that sustains the Parker case. It was held in First Lea, 129, 130, that hunting and fishing be-came a nuisance when done on Sun-day if done in such a manner as to dis-turb others. Hence it is seen that it not only fails to sustain the Parker case but is strong authority against it. The decision in that case was the disturbance and an-noyance of the public in their homes and places of worship by running railroad cars along the street adjacent thereto every six minutes, thereby making such noise and confusion as would amount to a breach of the peace; while the Parker case is based upon the "example " which is said to be immoral " and of " pernicious " effect, and therefore a repetition of the acts be-comes a nuisance or is indictable, though a single act is not. The Parker case therefore stands unique and alone,Ñthe only case that holds that Sunday labor, because of "the evil ex-ample" that is of "immoral and perni-cious effect" when repeated, becomes an indictable offense independent of statutory provisions, in the United States. Except the Parker case it is believed there has never, been a case in the United States holding that Sunday labor is indict-able at the common law at all, either as a nuisance or otherwise, except the Jeandell case cited, that holds it to be a breach of the public peace so to run street-cars as to disturb worship. While it has been held not only that it was not an offense at the common law (4 Tred., N. C., 400), but has been decided by eminent judges that the legislatures of States having constitu-tions similar to ours, could not pass a statute making it an offense to labor on Sunday. Thomason's case, 15 Ind., 449; Benjamin's case, 2 Strob., Cat, 508; New-man vs. State, 9 Cal., 502; Bish. " Crim. Law," 499; Ringgold's " Law of Sunday," 78. While the great weight of authority is that a State may pass a Sunday law as a civil or police regulation, it is significant that some of the ablest jurists have held otherwise. And none have held that it was punishable at the common law except the Breach of the Peace case in Pennsyl-vania, and the Parker case in Tennessee; and they are based upon separate and dis-tinct grounds, Ñthe Pennsylvania on "dis-turbance of the public peace " because of the noise and confusion of operating street-cars along a route every six minutes, and the Tennessee case on the grounds that the example is "immoral and of per-nicious effect." Thus we see the Parker case is entirely unsupported by precedent. CAN THE PARKER CASE BE SUSTAINED ON PRINCIPLE ? The grounds given for the decision are :Ñ First : Christianity is a part of the law of the land, and it respects and protects its institutions. Second : Sunday labor is immoral and of pernicious effect, and therefore, a rep-etition of such acts constitutes a nuisance. Are these propositions true ? As to the first, the learned Chief Justice quotes Blackstone's Commentaries, Vol. 4, sec. 42, as follows:Ñ Regarding Christianity as a part of the law of the land, it respects and protects its institutions, and like-wise assumes to regulate the public morals and decency. It has been questioned by high author-ity, as to whether Christianity was ever a part of the law of the land, even in Eng-land, in the sense that it would attempt to enforce its precepts or dogmas, as such. In the case of State vs. Chandler, 2 Har., Del., 553, Justice Clayton says:Ñ Even in England, Christianity was never considered a part of the common law so far that for a violation of its injunctions, independent of the established laws of man and without the sanction of any positive act of Parliament made to enforce these injunctions, any man could be drawn to answer in a common-law court. See also letter of Thomas Jefferson to Cartwright, where it is shown that the statement of Blackstone is founded on a mis-translation of a decision by Chief Jus-tice Prisot in 1458. " Works of Thomas Jefferson," Vol. 7, page 359. But, if it is or ever was true of England, where there is a Church established, and supported by law, and courts with ecclesi-astic powers and a Parliament unhampered by a bill of rights or constitutional limit-ations, it never was, and in the nature of our Government and institutions, never can be true in the State of Tennessee. " The common law of England, as it stood in 1775, such as was applicable to the new state of things in this country in so far as they were not inconsistent with our institutions and Government, or were not repealed by statute, were adopted as 