THE AMERICAN SE;NTINEL,Ł 227 composed and controlled the old parties, and holding the very same principles ; and, worse than all, these men will think themselves good Christians because they belong to the "Christian party." We say that all good Christians ought to pray to be delivered from complicity with any such party as this. We say nothing concerning anyone's personal Christianity, but we are sure that no one who is really and intelligently Christian can ever favor any such scheme. But how did Miss Willard reply to the letter from which we have quoted these strong, sensible paragraphs ? She acknowledged the whole point in the questions so pertinently addressed to her, and simply reiterated her declaration in favor of a national Christianity. Here is a specimen :Š " Can the heart of God beat anywhere more po-tently than in a party and a platform that allies itself to God as revealed in that Christ spirit which knows neither foreign nor native, neither bond nor free, neither male nor female, but lifts humanity to one equal level of opportunity and hope ?" It is indeed true that in Christ there is neither bond nor free, neither male nor female, and all are one; but does Miss Willard expect this state of things to be brought about by political action ? Every Christian knows, both from observation and experience, that there is nothing but the per-sonal work of the Spirit of Christ in the heart that can break down distinctions of race and per-sonal peculiarities and preferences, so that different peoples may unite as one. But can party platforms control the Spirit of Christ and bring it into the hearts of men. The fact that written creeds do not make Christians is almost universally recognized; and what would a political party with a platform recognizing Christ be but a creed; and how can such a creed have any more effect in transforming the life and character than a creed which men may receive or reject voluntarily? There is indeed a party whose platform and all who compose it should be allied together by a tie that would break down distinctions of nationality and personal peculiarity, and that party is the church. Those only who are Christians can unite in the most perfect fellowship, but those who are Christians are members of this church, which is His body. It follows therefore that when Miss Willard desires a party that shall have this for its object she simply desires a political church, in other words, a union of Church and State. Of course, the object will fail of being achieved, and she will have simply a form, and such a church will not be the church of Christ. Here is Miss Willard's idea of recognizing Christ. She says:Š " Christ is to-day the great world force for righteous-ness, for gentleness, for purity; and I believe with all my heart the world can in no other way do itself so great a favor as by making much of his mission. He is so high as to be seen from everywhere; to whom else can the nations rally with such unanimity. He is so vast as to encompass us all in his plan and his record; shall we not let him gather us as a hen gath-ers her chickens under her wings? He is so universal as to be claimed by all, from Catholics to Spiritualists, and even agnostics and atheists say with Pilate, I find no fault in the man.' Can we not all then con-sent to be .claimed by him as loyal, loving followers? We are amazed that a woman of so much cult-ure and presumably Christian experience as Miss Willard, can be so blinded as to think that a union of Catholics, Spiritualists, agnostics, and atheists, together with evangelical churches, upon a plat-form recognizing Christ, can be anything more than the most hollow and wicked sham. Here the reader my see that all we have charged  upon the movement is just. There will be no Christianity in it whatever. He who says that there will be real Christianity in the union, must say that infidels, .agnostics, and atheists are real Christians. We believe that these men can be good citizens, but we are certain that they are not Christians. It needs no argument to show that a man who denies Christ is not a Christian. If it is true, as Miss Willard says, that all the Christian Unions in the United States are in favor of this thing, and are working for it, it is true the Na-tional W. C. T. U. is working itself into a posi-tion where it will be not a Christian Union, but an un-Christian union. We do not know that we need to quote any more from this letter. It shows that the National Reform party, of which Miss Willard stands as the best representative, is visionary in the ex-treme. We are willing to grant that they desire a better state of things than now exists. They see that there is wickedness and corruption, and they desire to see a reversed state; but they have dreamed an impossible thing. Their desires may be laudable, but their methods of work do not indi-cate a knowledge either of human nature or of the gospel of ,Christ. E. J. W. The Authority for Sunday Laws. WE believe that every State in the Union, except California, has a Sunday law. And we believe also that in every State in the Union, except California, Sunday laws have always been held to be constitutional. Cali-fnrnia's first decision on the question, held the Sunday law to be unconstitutional; but a dissenting opiniOn held it to be constitutional, and this dissenting opinion was afterward adopted by the Supreme Court, and so held until 1883, when the people, by a majority of nearly eighteen thousand, declared they would have no Sunday law. The story of that first and proper decision, in brief, is this: In 1858, the Constitution of California said, in Section 4: "The free exer-cise and enjoyment of religious profession and worship without discrimination or preference shall forever be allowed in this State." There was a statute passed by the Legislature enforc-ing the observance of " the Christian Sabbath," on the first day of the week. A Jew in Sac-ramento kept his store open on Sunday; he was arrested, convicted, and sent to jail. He sued out a writ of habeas corpus on the ground of " the illegality of his imprisonment by reason of the unconstitutionality of the law." The majority' of the Court sustained the plea by decisions separately written, whose sound-ness, both upon constitutional-principles and upon the abstract principle of justice itself, can never be successfully controverted. Mr. Stephen J. Field, now Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, was then a member of the California Court. He ren-dered a dissenting opinion, taking the same position as the Supreme Court of Arkansas as to the omnipotence of the Legislature, and soberly maintaining that the term "Christian Sabbath" in the act was not a discrimination or preference in favor of any religious profes-sion or worship. He declared that "moralists and statesmen," "men of science and distin-guished philosophers," have pronounced the  rule of.  "one day's rest in seven" to be "founded upon a law of our rape." But he omitted to state what scientist or philosopher or moralist or statesman has ever pronounced upon what law is founded the rule of two day's rest in seven for the man who chooses to rest some other day than Sunday In his written opinion, Mr. Field said that he had found that in twenty-five States of the Union, Sunday laws had been held to be con-stitutional. That this is so there can be no doubt. On this subject, the younger States, both in legislation and judicial decisions, have folloWed the example of the older States; these have followed the decisions of the old-est, and the oldest followed the example and the precedents of the colonies; and every one of the colonies had Sunday laws because every one had an established religion. The colonies not only followed the precedents, but they were a part, of the English system, which is wholly a Church and State system. The Church and State system of England severed itself from the papal-rule when Henry VIII. renounced allegiance to the Pope, and put himself at the head of the Church of England in the place of the Pope. The British sys-tem at that time was the papal system; the papal system was established by the mutual craft, flattery, and policy of Constantine and the ambitious bishops of his time, when the first Sunday law was enacted. This, in a word, is the genealogy of the Sunday laws of the United States. They belong with an estab-lished religion,Ša union of Church and State. And in this country they have been almost universally sustained, either upon the Brit-ish principle of the omnipotence of Parlia-ment, or upon the Church and State princi-ples of the colonies of the British Govern-ment, and of the Papacy. The law of Pennsylvania, sustained by a Supreme Court decision, is virtually a colonial law, which was a part of the system in which nobody who did "not confess and acknowl-dge one Almighty God to be the creator, up-holder, and ruler of the world," could be a citizen. The Supreme Court of New York sustains Sunday laws by at once declaring Christianity to be the established religion of that State. This is based upon Chief Justice Kent's de-cision, of 1811, which cited a law of the col-ony which declared that "the profanation of the Lord's day was the great scandal of the Christian faith.' " That decision of Judge Kent's made Christianity the established re-ligion of the State of New York, by citing the precedents of the papal institutions of mod-ern Europe and the pagan nations of antiquity. This, again, proves Sunday laws to belong with established religions, with the union of Church and State, finding their basis in papal and pagan institutions. In every statute book in America, with scarely an exception, Sunday laws are found under the head of "offenses against religion," or "offenses against God and religion." This springs naturally from the colonial legislation, where each colony deemed itself the special guardian of God and of some particular form of religion. 