THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 31 protected from foreign and domestic disturbance, and have made the most rapid advances in civ-ilization, have been by no means good teachers of divinity. Take, for example, the best French sovereign, Henry the Fourth, a king who re-stored order, terminated a terrible civil war, brought the finances into an excellent condi-tion, made his country respected throughout Europe, and endeared himself to the great body of the people whom he ruled. Yet this man was twice a Huguenot, and twice a papist. Ho was, as Davila hints, strongly suspected of having no religion at all in theory, and was certainly not much under religious restraints in his practice. Take the Czar Peter, the Empress Catherine, Frederick the Great. It will surely not be disputed that these sover-eigns, with all their faults, were, if we con-sider them with reference merely to the tem-poral ends of Government, above the average of merit. Considered as theological guides, Mr. Gladstone would probably put them below the most abject drivelers of the Spanish branch of the house of Bourbon. The Tobacco Plague. JOSEPH COOK, in a late Boston lecture, spoke as follows, every word of which we heartily indorse:Š "A gentleman long in a public position of honor and responsibility, sends me in writing a very suggestive illustration. A lady from the country came to Boston to do shopping. On her way to Boston a gentleman occupied half the seat with her on the cars. Half his time was spent in the smoking car and the rest with the lady. When she arrived in Boston, she was sick and was obliged to send for a physi-cian.' Ho examined her case, and informed her that she had been made ill by tobacco. She paid the doctor's bill and went home without doing her business, and wondering whether non-smokers have any rights which smokers are bound to respect. Another lady says she cannot come to Boston to do business on ac-count of the ever-present fumes of tobacco in the street and shops. "No doubt tobacco blunts the sense of propri-ety. The narcotic nosegay is as unconscious of the odors he exhales as is the eater of onions and garlic. ' Indifference or apathy with re-gard to the comfort of others,' says the Lon-don Times, 'is one of the most remarkable ef-fects of tobacco. No other drug will produce anything like it. The opium-eater does not compel you to eat opium with him. The drunk-ard does not compel you to drink. The smoker compels you to smoke; nay, more, to breathe the smoke he has just discharged from his own mouth.' "A lady coming from the South for her health was kept in the state-room of the steamer during all the voyage, on account of tobacco smoke on every part of the vessel, and lost the whole effect of the voyage because she could have no fresh air. Her husband, a law-yer, thinks that in equity she could bring a suit for damages against the steamboat company. " The new State House in Des Moines, Ia., will not allow smokers to enter its portals. An edict has just gone forth that tobacco must not  be used in the halls and corridors of the White House in Washington. Our military and naval academies do not allow their pupils to use to-bacco. Several colleges in the West prohibit the use of tobacco by their students. Germany has excellent laws forbidding the sale of to-bacco to minors. Eighteen States in the Amer-ican Union are now teaching children to ab-stain from alcoholics and narcotics, and my proposition is that the churches, both preachers and members, should rise at least to the sec-ular level of the State Legislatures on both these subjects." THE following, told by John B. Gough, shows the danger of using alcoholic wine at the com-munion. And we can but express our surprise that some ministers will persist in using it as a substitute for " the fruit of the vine " used by our Saviour. Alcohol is in no sense the fruit of the vine:Š A gentleman told me in New York: " 1 was a sad drunkard; I became a Christian at Mr. Moody's Hippodrome meetings at New York. I had signed the pledge. I wanted to do work for the Lord. I joined a certain church be-cause the pastor was very sympathizing with us, and I bad been working in his gospel tent, and trying to rescue men. Well, I believed and boasted that the love of Sesusilad taken away all appetite for drink. Three weeks ago there was the communion service. I smelled the drink and wanted it. My fingers began to tingle. There was an itching, burning, dry sensation in my throat. I wanted it. I tried to pray. I tried to think that I had come there to show forth the Lord's death till he come.' It was of no use. I gripped the seat. I ground my teeth. I sat in perfect agony. The wine approached me. I shuddered from head to foot. If I had taken it in my hand there would riot have_ been a drop of it left. I know it, and 1 have been fighting that appetite for three weeks with all the power I had to fight anything, and I am very glad you have comforted me by the assurance that I may yet be a child of God, though subject to this terri-ble temptation." BREWERS and distillers use per year 40,000,-000 bushels of grain, averaging, if ground, forty pounds of flour to the bushel. This would make sixty pounds of bread, or fifteen four-pound loaves to the bushel. Here we have equal to 600,000,000 loaves of bread each year changed into slops containing slow, sure poi- sons, that do not nutrify or build up the strength of the user, but, on the contrary, slowly and surely destroy his ability and dispo- sition to earn the money with which to buy bread for himself or children. A man needn't become an abandoned drunk-ard to impoverish his family. To drink two or three glasses a day is sufficient to make a cer-tain defidency in the amount of their comfort. You doubt it? Well, suppose you use at twenty years one glass of beer a day; at twenty-three, two glasses a day; at twenty-five, three glasses a day; at thirty, four glasses a day; at forty, five glasses a dayŠat an aver-age cost of five cents each. You will have spent, between twenty years and forty years of age, $1,222.75. THE Troy Times tells of a Troy editor who went into the tailoring establishment of a Ger-man to order a suit of clothes. After the cloth had been selected and the measure taken, the tailor demanded a deposit as a guarantee that the customer would come for the goods. To this the editor demurred, saying that he did not know the tailor any better than the latter knew him. After some little conversation, the German, however, waived the deposit, and the clothes were made. When our genial news ed-itor called and paid cash down for the suit, the German was so delighted that he asked his customer to go out and take a drink with him. The editor declined, saying he did not drink; whereupon a gleam of satisfaction and intelli-gence combined shot across the tailor's counte-nance as he exclaimed, " Dot's de reason vy you pay for de clothes so quick as you got 'em." Marvel of Nations. " OUR COUNTRY, the Marvel of Nations; Its Past, Present, and Fut-ure, and What the Scriptures Say of It," is the title of a new and popular work, on a subject of the deepest interest to all American citizens, by U. Smith, author of "Smith's Parliamentary Rules," and other popular works. It-takes a brief but comprehensive view of our Government from a historical, political, and religious standpoint. It also shows that the United States is a subject of prophecy; that an outline of its history was written nearly two thousand years ago. It calls the attention of the reader to a chain of prophecy of which our Government is an important link, and shows that the location, the time of its rise, the nature of its Constitution, and its wonderful growth and subsequent influence, as well as its future attitude, were all clearly foreseen and pointed out by the prophet of God, hundreds of years ago. The "Marvel of Nations" is a work of 282 pages. It contains a steel plate of the author, and over forty illustrations. Price, post-paid, 51.00. Address, PACIFIC PaEss, Oakland, Cal. Combination Offer. THB "MARVEL OF NATIONS" WITH THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, ONE YEAR, POST-PAID, FOR 51.25. THE publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL, being desirous of secur-ing a large subscription list at once,' have made arrangements with the publishers of the " Marvel, of Nations," whereby they are enabled to furnish this interesting and popular book, together with the Amer-ican .Sentinel, for one year, for$1.25. We trust that many of our readers will avail themselves of this privilege of securing both the book and the paper for so small a sum. Order at once, so as to se-cure all the numbers of the SENTINEL., Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro Street, Oakland, Cal. Geikie's Life of Christ. THE Life and Words of Christ, by Cunningham deikie, Acme Edi- tion, extra cloth, 800 pages, 50 cents; postage, 10 cents. Profoundly interestingŠmarvelously cheap.ŠAlbany Evening Tribune. The best of all the lives of Christ--a marvel of cheapness.ŠPort. land Christian Mirror. A great and noble work, rich in information, elegant and scholarly in style, earnestly devout in feeling.ŠLondon Literary World. It is a work of profound learning.ŠArchbishop of York. Address, PACIFIC PRESS, Oakland, Cal. The Great Controversy. THE new (1886) illustrated edition of "The Great Controversy be-tween Christ and Satan during the Christian Dispensation," by Mrs. E. G. White, contains over 500 pages, a portrait of the author, and is illustrated by twenty-one full-page cuts. The book is printed and bound in the very best style; olive green muslin with jet and gold stamp. Over ten thousand have been sold in six months. This volume presents the mo,t wonderful and intensely interesting history that has ever been written of the great conflict between Christianity and the powers of darkness, as illustrated in the lives of Christian martyrs and reformers on one hand, and wicked men and persecuting powers on the other. The closing chapters give a vivid picture of the warfare of the church, her final redemption, and vividly describe the triumph of the people of God, the destruction of Satan and all his followers, and the renewing of the earth, which ends the awful controversy between the Son of God and the powers of darkness. Earnest Christians of all classes and creeds will find in it encourage-ment and instruction. The style of the author is clear, forcible, and often sublime, and, although simple enough In its statements to be understood and appreciated by a child, its eloquence calls forth the admiration of all. Sent post-paid to any address in America for 81.50, or to foreign countries 8s., post free. Address, PACIFIC PRESS, ORURO, Cal., U. 8. A. 