308 A.IVIDEMICA.N SiEINI1TINT1hE-1 Vol.. 11, No. 39. my yoke upon you, and learn of me; for I am meek and lowly in heart: and ye shall find rest unto your souls." " But the hour corn-eth, and now is, when the true worshipers shall worship the Father in spirit and in truth: for the Father seeketh such to worship him. God is a Spirit: and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth." "And when his disciples James and John saw this [that they rejected Christ], they said, Lord, wilt thou that we command fire to come down from heaven, and consume them, even as Elias did? But he turned, and rebuked them, and said, Ye know not what manner of spirit ye are of. For the Son of man is not come to destroy men's lives, but to save them." " Who art thou that judgest another man's servant? to his own master he standeth or falleth : yea, he shall be holden up: for God is able to make him stand." The Papacy Is Unchanged. This " defense " of the Spanish Inquisition clearly conveys the important truth that Rome is unchanged, and that if the same con-ditions should come to exist as obtained before the Reformation, the Roman Church would not hesitate to revive the Inquisition. And yet many professed Protestants have become so blinded as to regard the Church of Rome as " one branch of the Church of Christ." May the God of the Reformation which ended the "merciful" work of dislocating bones to convert the soul, open the eyes of professed Protestants before it is too late. RESPECT FOR LAW. " ONE of the hopeful signs of the times," says the Catholic Review, of September 13, " as it is also an eminent characteristic of the American people, is the profound respect for law which we everywhere behold. This re-spect for law lies at the root of public con-science; it trains and informs it. Were men to lose it, then the crimes of the great and powerful would go unwhipped of justice, and the popular conscience would soon become seared and perverted." It is possible that there is less cause for sat-isfaction upon this point than is believed to exist by those who view the situation in this light; there is a probability, in fact, and this probability constitutes one of the gravest dan-gers threatening this Republic. Certainly no question can more vitally concern the welfare of a nation than that of the respect of its people for the law. But " respect for law " is a phrase whose full meaning very many fail to comprehend. To them it is only a half statement of the truth, and as such becomes the inculcator of a most dangerous error. The all-important truth which underlies this subject is that law is not something man-ufactured by the fiat of man, in legislative assembly or otherwise, but law is justice, and respect for law must mean respect for justice, if it would be of any benefit to the State. If the people lose sight of this distinction, then indeed will the public conscience become seared and perverted, and that in very brief time. What is justice? is the question to be de-termined by the people themselves, and their right to determine it for themselves, in any case whatsoever, cannot be questioned. Leg-islatures and courts are not established to in-struct the people, or to rule over them, but to transact the people's business in civic af-fairs. As such they are the servants of the people, to execute the people's will, and not  to dictate to them. If the people are incom-petent to determine what is right and just, then they are unfit for a republican form of government. But the right of self-govern-ment is the right of all intelligent people. They may not always determine correctly upon these points, but this fact does not affect their right in the matter. No man is invested with infallibility. The danger is that the people will come to regard as law anything which legislators and judges may enact or affirm to be such, with-out considering it essentialŠor even properŠto pass judgment upon it themselves; in other words, that they will regard the fiat of legis-lator or judge as constituting the law, and forget that justice must constitute it. It might be well enough if legislators and judges were always sure to state the law of justice in each case, or to exercise their unbiased judg-ment in the endeavor to do so. But legisla-tors and judges are but men, having human weaknesses and subject to the temptations common to all. Experience has proved that they are not entirely incorruptible. It has demonstrated that their action is not always above the suspicion of proceeding from selfish motives. The servants of the people, like all other servants, will bear watching. When the people come to look with awe upon the fiat of man, as constituting the law which they are bound to obey, without refer-ence to its justice or injustice, their sense of justice will inevitably become blunted; and without a lively sense of and regard for jus-tice in the minds of the common people, the very foundations of popular government must crumble into dust. The people must remem-ber that they themselves are the rulers in this Government, and that upon them rests the responsibility of the Government. The legis-latures, Congress, the courts, even the na-tional Supreme Court, are the creatures of the people; and the creature must not dictate to the creator. The former is answerable to the latter; he must acknowledge the latter's right of criticism. Such criticism is not an- archy. Bodies so powerful as legislatures and supreme courts should be scrutinized by the public eye with a care proportionate to the harm they are capable of doing by a wrong move. It is upon these fundamental princi-ples of popular government that the people need to be educated, far more than upon the issues involved in a political campaign. s. POLITICAL PREACHERS HELPING ROME. IF the clerical politicians, who are venting their political ideas from their pulpits upon long-suffering congregations, were injuring only the political prospects of the cause which they espouse, the evil done by them would be small. As we have elsewhere pointed out, however, they are directly working to break down the dividing wall between politics and religion, and thus to establish a union of Church and State. And this is not all; for they are putting a weapon into the hands of Rome which she will know how to use against the liberties of Americans. The evidence of this appears in an editorial paragraph in the Catholic Review (New York), of September 19, which alludes to the "pernicious activity" of Protestant preachers in politics as an ex ample of " their devotion to the so-called American principle of the separation of Church and State." Rome does not believeŠhas never believed Šin the separation of Church and State, and she can now point to the example of these  American Protestant clergy and claim that there is no such American principle as that which demands the separation of the civil and religious powers, but only a "so-called" prin-ciple, which does not exist in reality. With this principle out of her way, the progress of Romanism in this country will be much more rapid. s. MOVING TOWARD ROME. BY MINARD WOOD. FOR several months past the Protestant churches of West Haven, Conn., have been holding union temperance meetings alternat-ing with the several societies. Things ran well for awhile, and considerable enthusiasm was manifested by these local societies. But for causes unknown to the writer, there was a lack of attendance, and a failure on the part of our Protestant friends to keep pace with their Roman Catholic brethren. This fact rather grated on the nerves of the pastor of the Methodist Episcopal Church. He saw his frail bark was stranded upon a lee shore, and the only way left to save the survivors of the wreck, was to accept the over-ture of Rome, and grasp the treacherous cords by which millions have been led to death, or worse. So he publicly announced from his pulpit that hereafter the Methodist Episcopal branch of the temperance work in this section would unite with their Catholic brethren. This suggestion was highly fav-ored, and carried into effect a few days later at a temperance demonstration, led by a Ro-man Catholic priest, -of course. The way-ward daughter was gladly received and affec-tionately embraced by the " Mother of Har-lots." The priest in charge held up both hands and said, " I hope the time is not far distant when there will be a general return to the church,' and all unite under one head; " that head the head of Leo, to be sure. Can't you see it ? New Haven, Conn. Ł THE EASTERN EMBROGLIO. MASSACRE and outrage continue in Turkey, but the jealousy of the Powers prevents any effective action. At a meeting held in London on the 21st ult., to protest against the massacre of Chris-tians by Turks, "a most important announce-ment was made," says a London dispatch published here on the 22nd ult., " which it is believed, puts an end to all conjecture re-garding the action that will be taken by the British Government in the direction of put-ting an end to the massacres by force or de-posing the Sultan. "The statement was made by John Lowles, member of the House of Commons for the Haggerston division of Shoreditch. He said that if England had a free hand in the matter very few days would elapse before there would be a change in Turkey. "He then added that he was authorized by the Foreign Office to say that Great Britain was confronted by an agreement between the three powers that if she attacked Turkey on any excuse or pretext she would have to face that combination. If she fired a sin-gle shot or took action alone it would mean that at that moment there would be a Eu-ropean war." The same day this appeared in the Ameri-can papers the London Times published a 