THE SENTIN-El, OF' LIBERTY. 549 simple yet sweeping statement, disowns, disclaims, and discards both the Roman aria the medieval theories, and substitutes in their place a principle beyond comparison with them for its lofty and holy teachings. In the last paragraph of that immortal document it is written that these United Colonies, as free and independent States, " have full power to levy war, conclude peace, contract alliances, establish com-merce, and to do all other acts and things which in-dependent States may of RIGHT do." Wrapped in-  these words was a new doctrine. Here was the enunciation of a principle hitherto un-heard of. Heretofore sovereignty had been -con-sidered as being unlimited and illimitable. But the Declaration of Independence brought to, the birth a new principle, that RIGHT IS SUPERIOR TO ALL EARTHLY POWER, whether vested in prince or potentate, or in a republican form of government. With the founders of this Government it was not a question of what" the nation was able to do, but con-trarywise, what was right for the nation to do. I quote from the great Sumner: " But the great Declaration, not content with an-nouncing certain rights as unalienable, and therefore beyond the control of any government, still further restrains the sovereignty which it asserts by simply declaring that the United States have full power to do all.acts and things which independent States may of right do.' - Here is a well-defined limitation upon the popular sovereignty. The dogma of, Tory law-_yers and pamphlqeersŠput forward to sustain the claim of parliamentary omnipotence and vehemently espoused by Dr. Johnson in-  his Taxation no Tyr-anny'Šwas taught, that sovereignty is in its nature illimitable, precisely as it is now loosely professed by Mr. Douglass for his handful of squatters. But this doctrine is distinctly discarded in the Declara-tion, and it is frankly proclaimed that all sovereignty is subordinate to the rule of right. Mark, now, the difference: All existing governments at that time, even the local government of the colonies, stood on power without limitation. Here was a new Govern-ment, which, taking-  its place among the nations, announced that it stood only on right, and claimed no sovereignty inconsistent with right." In 1837 John Quincy Adams, in a Fourth-of-July oration at Newburyport, said: "The sovereign authority conferred upon the people of the colonies by the Declaration of Inde-pendence could not dispense them, nor any indi-vidual citizen of therm from the fulfillment of their  moral obligations. The people who assumed their - equal and separate station among the powers of the earth by the laws of nature's God, by that very act acknowledged themselves bound to the observance of those laws, and could neither exercise nor confer any power inconsistent with them." . Still further alluding ,to the self-imposed re- straints upon the sovereignty which had been estab- lished, he says: "The Declaration acknowledged the rule of right paramount to the Power of independent states itself, and virtually disclaimed all power to do wrong. This was a novelty in the moral philosophy of na-tions, and it is the essential point of difference be-tween the system of government announced in the Declaration -of Independence and those systems which had until then prevailed among men. * * * It was an experiment upon the heart of man. All the legislators' of the human race until that day had laid the foundations of all government among men in power; and hence it was that in the maxims of theory, as well as in the practice of nations', sov-ereignty was held to be unlimited and illimitable. The Declaration of Independence proclaimed.  an-other law, * * * a law of right, binding—  upon nations as well as individuals, upon sovereigns as,  well as upon subjects. * * * In assuming the attributes of sovereign power, the colonists appealed to the Supreme Judge of the world for the rectitude of their intentions, and neither claimed nor confer-red authority to do anything but for RIGHT.-" In a speech delivered in the United States Senate January 6, i899, Senator Hoar, of Massachusetts, re-fers to Thackeray's comment upon the great picture in the rotunda of the Capitol. So beautifully and forcibly has he woven-into his argument this incident, and another with it, that I take the liberty of giving it again in his own words, for they are far better than my own could be: " Thackeray, no mean judge of noble artmo mean judge of noble actions, was one day crossing the ro-tunda of this Capitol in company with Charles Sum-_ ner. He stopped before the picture where the genuis of the great artist of Connecticut has de-lineated on the imperishable canvass the scene when the Declaration of Independence was presented by Jefferson to the solemn sitting over which Hancock presided, and the new nation, born on the 19th of April, 1775, was baptized in the faith of our new gospel of liberty. He stood for a moment silent, and then said to Mr. Sumner: That's your painter.' " Surely he was right. The foremost action Of hinnan history is fitly represented by the great Work 