550 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. which we fondly hope is to be as enduring as time, enduring as the Republic, enduring as liberty. It is there, in the foremost plaee of honor which , can be found on this earth. No ,Parthenon, no Saint Peter's, - no Palace of the Escurial, no Sans Souci, not West- - rhinster Abbey itself, can equal, at least to our eyes, this spot, Where forever a great and free people de-clares its constitutional will. " Beneath the great dome, to which the, pilgrim from afar first repairs when he visits the capital of his country, hangs the great picture which delineates the scene when the nation was first baptized into im-mortal life. It was not only the independence of America which was then declared, it was the dignity of human nature itself. "When Samuel Rogers visited the Dominican convent at Padua an Ł aged friar showed hint the famous .picture of The Last Supper ' inthe refectory-of the convent-. He said: " I have, sat at my meals before it for seven and forty years, and such are the.changes that have taken place among us-Hso many haVe come and gone in that timeŠthat when I look upon the company there, upon those who are sitting at that table, silent as they are, I am sometimes inclined to think that we, not they, are the shadows.' . As administrations, terms of presidential office begiri_and end-, as senators and representatives come and go befote the silent figures in that immortal picture, it seems to -me that we are but the shadows, while Hancock -and Jefferson and Adams and Frank-lin and Ellsworth and Livingston are still deliberat-ing, still acting, still alive." In the Book of books it is written that "-the grasS -withereth, the flower fadeth; but the Word of our 'God shall stand forever; " and in another 'place that that' immortal Word-" liveŁth and abideth forever." And it is even so with the great principles Of- the Declaration of Independence and of the Constitution of the United States. These principles are coeval with time, arid-  they will be commensurate with eternity. The governMent of God in the beautiful 'world to come will be a government of love, a gov-ernment founded upon the principle of the consent of the governed, for every soul in that blest home Ł and kingdom and in all the infinite universe will de-sire naught else but that God and Jesus Christ shall rule. This will be the supreme and ever-living desire of every one. Heaven's government is indeed One deriving its powers, which are only just, from the consent of the governed. Every voice in the right- Ł eous nation blends in that glad chorus: ﬁWOrthy is the Lamb that was slain to receive power, arid riches,  and wisdom, and- strength, and honor, and glory, and blessing." Says. John the revelator: "Every creature Which, is in heaven, and on the earth, and under the earth, and such as are in the sea, and all -that are in them, heard I saying, Blessing, and honor, And glory, and power be unto him that sitteth upon the throne-and unto the Lamb forever and ever." P. T. MAGAN. CHRISTIANITY AND PAGANISM. "The conflict of Christianity with Judaism was a civil war; that with paganism, the invasion and con-quest of a foreign territory. In the former case it was the declared design of the innovation to perfect the-established constitution on i-ts- primary princi-ples; toexpand the yet, undeveloped system, accOr-ding to the original views of -the divine Legislator: in the latter, it contemplated the total subversion of the existing order of things, a reconstruction of the whOle moral and religious being of mankind." * * * " With the foreign Jew the service of the synagogue Was his religion; and the synagogue, withoUt any violent change,' was transformed into a Christian church-. Th6 same Almighty God 'to whom it was primarily dedicated; maintained his place; and the sole difference was that He was worshipped through the mediation of the crucified Jesus of Nazareth. With the pagan the whole of his religious obser-vances fell under the unsparing proscription. Every one 'of the countless temples and shrines, and sacred groves, and hallowed fountains, were to be dese-crated by the abhorrent feelings pf_those who looked back with shame and contempt' upon their old idol---atries. Every image, from the living works of Phidias or Praxiteles _ to the rude arid shapeless Hermes or Terminus, Was to become a meaningless mass of wood or stone. A Contest in Every Place. "In every city, town, or even village, there was a contest to. be maintained, not merely against the general system of polytheism, but -against the local and tutelary deity of -the place.' Every public' spec-tacle, every proCession, every civil or military duty, was a religious ceremonial. * * -* The whole life of the heathen, whether of the philosopher who despised or the vulgar who were indifferent, to the essential part of the religion, was pervaded by the spirit of polytheism. It met him in every form, in every quarter, in every act and function of every 