AMERICAN SENTINEL. 149 assert in his letter that the church in this age is not dif-ferent from what it was in former ages. He says:Š "We, indeed, have no thought of rejecting everything that modern industry and study has produced; so far from it that we welcome to the patrimony of truth and to an ever widening scope of public well-being whatso-ever helps toward the progress of learning and virtue. Yet all this, to be of any solid benefit, nay, to have a real existence and growth, can only be on the condi-tion of-recognizing the wisdom and authority of the church." All liberality, progress, and enlightenment in the Catholic Church "can only be on the condition of recog-nizing the wisdom and authority of the church." And what is this "wisdom" and "authority"?ŠIt is that of the "fathers" and the church councils, to the writings and decisions of which the letter makes frequent refer-ence. This is the standard by which what is modern must be measured and judged. A thing may be called liberal, but it must be in har-mony with the teachings of the church a thousand and more years ago; otherwise it is to be rejected. And as the writings of the "fathers" and the idecisions of the councils were in existence back in the days when Rome ruled the world and persecuted dissenters to the deathŠas these very "authorities" and this very "wisdom" were employed by the church in combatting the Reformation Šit is perfectly plain that all the modern liberality and progress there is in the church of Rome to-day is such as is in harmonyŠyea, must be in harmonyŠwith the spirit of opposition to every principle of the Reformation by fire and sword, by the dungeon, the rack, the stake, and every other means that Rome ever employed. And this, by the word of Pope Leo XIII., is true of the Catholic Church in the United States, as everywhere else. We wish all Protestants everywhere would mark this and not forget it. The Roman Catholic Church in Amer-ica is "not different from what it is in the rest of the world;" and the church of to-day, in all the world, is not different from what it was in other ages of the world. This is the word of Pope Leo himself. Some Protestants have not been willing to believe us when we have asserted this; we are able now to give them the pope's own word that it is so. An Importation of Conscience. So THE editor of the Presbyterian Record calls the four thousand Doukhobors, who have landed on Can-adian soil and gone to make new homes in the far West. He says: " They have been welcomed by voice and press, for their clean, healthy bodies, their high-toned morals and their dauntless faith and courage under sore persecution, prominence being given to one or another of these according to taste. One point may be noted. They have been driven  from their homes, they have lost everything, they have come to our land, all for conscience sake. Conscience is a valuable commodity in any country. Russia has none to spare and her policy is suicidal. Canada cannot have too much of it. Her fields and forests and mines are of great worth, but more essential to her true prosperity is "a good conscience toward God and toward man." This is probably the largest single importation of con-science in the world's history, and well may we rejoice that Canada is the recipient of it. May it s pread.ŠPrimitive Catholic. The Relation of Faith to True Sabbath Reform. BY C. H. KESLAKE. IN former articles it has been shown what the true basis of Sabbath reform is; that it must necessarily be-gin from within, in the heart, by the shedding abroad therein of the love of God by the Holy Spirit; that love ŠGod's loveŠis the only power that can possibly be used to bring about the true observance of the Sab-bath. Any observance of the Sabbath effected by any other means, not only fails to glorify God, but it works a posi-tive injury to the person who is thus forced to observe it, and can only result in confirming such in their sin. Hence it is absolutely impossible for Sabbath reform, according to God's standard to be accomplished other than by the straight and exclusive preaching of the ever-lasting gospel, which is none other than the power of God. Rev. 14:6, 7; Rom. 1:16. But this preaching of the gospel, as well as the re-ceiving of it, is purely a matter of faith. Faith is the only channel through which the power of the gospel is conveyed to the soul. Faith occupies a field all its own. To add anything to faith, in order that that thing, whatever it may be, shall aid faith in its work, can only result in denying faith, and consequently to negative the power of God in the gospel. Faith itself works, and it works by love. Gal. 5:6. There is no obedience such as God can accept, but that which is of faith. Hence we find the Apostle Paul writ-ing to the Romans as follows: "Now to him that is of power to stablish you according to my gospel, and the preaching of Jesus Christ according to the revelation of the mystery, which was kept secret since the world be-gan, but now is made manifest; and by the scriptures of the prophets, according to the commandment of the everlasting God, made known to all nations for the obe-dience of faith." Rom. 16:25, 26. Now as faith works by love, it is evident that it can work nothing but that which is in harmony with loveŠthe love of-GodŠand "this is the love of God, that we keep his commandments; and his commandments are 