386 A MI A_INT IN.E.IL VoL. 11, No. 49. THE ROMAN REPUBLIC. IT has been said of the early Romans that " they possessed the faculty of self-govern-ment beyond any people of whom we have historical knowledge," with the sole exception of the Anglo-Saxons. By virtue of this fac-ulty, in the very nature of things, they be-came the most powerful nation of all ancient times. But their extensive conquests filled Rome with gold. " Money poured in upon them in rolling streams of gold." With wealth came luxury. " Wealth poured in more and more, and luxury grew more unbounded. Palaces sprang up in the city, castles in the country, villas at pleasant places by the sea, and parks, and fish-ponds, and game pre-serves, and gardens, and vast retinues of servants" everywhere. To get money by any means lawful or unlawful, became the universal passion. " Money was the one thought from the high-est senator to the poorest wretch who sold his vote in the Comitia. For money Judges gave unjust decrees, and juries gave corrupt verdicts." "The elections were managed by clubs and coteries; and, except on occasions of national danger or political excitement, those who spent most freely were most certain of success. Under these conditions the chief powers in the commonwealth necessarily cen-tered in the rich. The door of promotion was open to all who had the golden key. The highest offices of State were open in theory to the meanest citizen; they were confined in fact to those who had the longest purses, or the most ready use of the tongue on popular platforms. Distinctions of birth had been exchanged for distinctions of wealth. The struggle between plebeians and patricians for equality of privilege was over, and a new ,division had been formed between the party of property and a party who desired a change in the structure of society." As the power which wealth gave was used only to increase the wealth of those who had it, or of their favorites, and increased wealth was used only to increase the power of those who had it, the sure result was the growth of envy on the part of the populace, and presently a demand which grew louder and still more urgent that there should be a more equable distribution of the plenty that was monopolized by the few. " All orders in a society may be wise and virtuous, but all cannot be rich. Wealth which is used only for idle luxury is always envied, and envy soon curdles into hate. It is easy to persuade the masses that the good things of this world are unjustly divided, especially when it happens to be the exact truth." As these two classes were constantly grow-ing farther apart--the rich growing richer and the poor poorerŠthere ceased to be any middle class to maintain order in government and society by holding the balance of power. There remained then only the two classes, the rich and the poor, and of these the rich despised the poor, and the poor envied the rich. And there were not wanting men to stir up the discontent of the masses, and present schemes for the reorganization of government and society. Some of these were well-meaning men, men who really had in view the good of their fellowmen and the bettering of society and government; but the far greater number were mere demagoguesŠambitious schemers who used the discontent of the populace only to lift themselves into positions of wealth and power which they envied others, and which, when they had secured, they employed as selfishly  and oppressively as had any of those against  whom they clamored. But whether they were well-meaning men or only demagogues, in order to hold the populace against the persuasions and bribes of the wealthy, they were compelled to make promises and con-cessions, which were only in the nature of larger bribes, and which in the end were as destructive of free government and the re-public as were the worst acts of the aristoc-racy of wealth itself. After considerable see-sawing between the two parties for the possession of the govern-mental power, it was taken from both by the First TriumvirateŠPompey, Crassus and Omar. These three men covenanted together " that no proceedings should be allowed to take place in the commonwealth without the consent of each of the three contracting par-ties." In eleven years the sole power fell to Cesar alone. In four years more, pretended patriots assassinated emsar " to save the re-public" from what they supposed was threat-ened in him, and thereby made only the more certain the very thing that they professed to fear from him, and which in fact was realized shortly from those who were worse than he. Affairs had reached the point in the repub-lic where a Caesar was inevitable, and though in the attempt to escape it they had killed the greatest Roman who ever lived, it was only hastened by the very means which they had employed to avoid it. This they them-selves realized as soon as they awoke from the dream in which they had done the desperate deed. Cicero exactly defined the situation, and gave a perfect outline of the whole his-tory of the times when he exclaimed, " We have killed the king; but the kingdom is with us still. We have taken away the ty-rant: the tyranny survives." That tyranny survived in the breast of every man in Rome. And in just thirteen and a half years from that time, the State having gone again over precisely the same course, came again to the same point where the sole power was in the hands of a Caesar where it remained until both the monarchy and the empire of Rome perished forever. Thus in the Roman republic, by the in-separable train of wealth, luxury, and vice, self-restraint was broken down, the power of self-government was lost, and that republic failed. And so every other republic must fail when the faculty of self-government fails by virtue of which alone a republic is possible. The Romans ceased to govern themselves, and they had to be governed. They lost the faculty of self-government. With that van-ished the republic, and its place was supplied by a one-man power, an imperial tyranny supported by a military despotism. We have thus sketched the history of the Roman republic. To sketch the history of the first French republic would be but to repeat the story, almost point by point. No man can fail to see that up to a certain point the parallel is complete between that and the republic of the United States of America to-day. Is it at all strange then, indeed is it not the most natural thing in the world, that disinterested thinkers should raise the query whether the United States, in one hundred and fifty years, is really going to pass " through all the stages to be found in the history of Rome" ? And further ask, " Are the Americans in quest of a Napoleon ? Are they moving in the direction of a dictator-ship, the precursor of demagogic,' or military despotism ?" We are not alarmists. We do not propose to be alarmists. We simply ask for sober thinking. It is our duty to present facts, gmci to call attention to the things which  those facts with unfailing certainty indicate. And there can be no possible room for question that from the facts which are patent to-day to every one who will look about, it is time for every person in the United States to en-gage in the sober thinking to which we sim-ply invite him. THERE IS NO DIFFERENCE. A comfort accusation made by Protestants against the Catholic Church, is that the latter adheres to the principle of the union of Church and State. It appears, however, that the Catholic position upon this point is, in this country at least, quite in harmony with that now maintained by the leading Protestant bodies. What the papal church would insist upon here is not a union of Church and State, but of religion and the State. This was authoritatively stated by the " Right Rev." Bishop Montgomery, of Los Angeles, Cal., in a recent lecture on the " Basis of American Citizenship," reported in the Catholic News (New York) of Novem-ber 22. " The trouble is," he said, " that people have come to believe that citizenship is wholly and altogether secular; particularly in these last few years the question has been put in the shape of the separation of Church and State. That hobby, ridden so faithfully and so earnestly by so many, has come to mean, in the minds of a great number, that the separation of Church and State means the separation of religion and State. And though in this country we are under such circum-stances that there must ever be a separation of Church and State in the ordinary accept-ance of the words, there is not and cannot be a separation of religion and State, if we re-main the republic that our forefathers left us." The Protestant churches do not favor a union of Church and State " in the ordinary acceptance of the words;" but they do advo-cate a union of religion with the State, and the papal church says that there must be no " separation of religion and State" if the republic is to be preserved. The papal church therefore takes fully as "enlightened" a stand in this important matter as do the Protestants. Her attitude to-day is no less " liberal" than is theirs. But the truth is that the papal church never advocated anything more than a union of religion with the State; so that the position stated by the Catholic News, and endorsed by the leading Protestant bodies to-day, is the same that Rome has always held. For back in the days of papal supremacy, the clashing religious sects of the present day were not in existence, and " religion " meant, to the State, only the religion held by the papacy. United with that religion, the State was in the truest sense united with the papacy. Bearing in mind now that the papal religion is the only religion recognized by the papal church as being the true religionŠChristian-ityŠthe identity of her present position with that held by her in former times is perfectly plain. Rome advocates a union of religion with the State, but her religion, she says, is the only true religion. Of course no false religion ought to be united with the State; hence a union of religion with the State, from the papal standpoint, means nothing more nor less than a union of the civil power with the papacy. And from the standpoint of any Protestant church which maintains this same principle, the conclusion reached must be similar. For though the various Protestant sects count 