ANIERIC-A_N SENTINEL. 37 Lord Mansfield qualified a little by saying, in the case of the Chamberlain of London v. Evans, 1767, that `The essential principles of revealed religion are part of the common law.' But he cites no authority and leaves us at our peril to find out what in the opinion of the judge, and according to the measure of his foot or his faith, are those essential principles of revealed religion, obligatory on us as a part of the common law. Thus we find this string of authorities, when examined at the beginning, all hanging on the same hook, a perverted expression of Prisot's, or on nothing, for they all quote Prisot, or one another, or nobody. Thus Finch quotes Prisot; Wingate also; Sheppard quotes Prisot, Finch, and Wingate. Hale cites nobody; the court in Wollston's case cites Hale. Wood cites Wollston's case; Blackstone that and Hale; and Lord Mansfield, like Hale, ventures it on his own au-thority. "In the earlier ages of the law, as in the Year Books, for instance, we do not expect much recurrence to author-ities by the judges, because in those days there were few or none such made public. But in later times we take no judge's word for what the law is further than he is war-ranted by the authorities he appeals to. His decision may bind the unfortunate individual who happens to be the particular subject of it, but it cannot alter the law. "Although the common law be termed the Le'x non seripta, yet the same Hale tells us : ' When I call those parts of our laws Leges non seript.w, I do not mean as if all, those laws were only oral, or communicated from the former ages to the latter merely by word. For all these laws have their several monuments in writing whereby they are transferred from one age to another, and with-out which they would soon lose all kind of certainty. They are for the most part extant in records of pleas, proceedings and judgments, in books of reports and ju-dicial decisions, in tractates of learned men's arguments and opinions, preserved from ancient times and extant in writing.' (Hale's Common Law, 22.) "Authorities for what is common law may, therefore, be as well cited as for any part of the lex scripta. And there is no better instance of the necessity of holding the judges and writers to a declaration of their authorities than the present, where we detect them endeavoring to make law where they found none and to submit us, at one stroke, to a whole system no particle of which has its foundation in common law, or has received the esto ' of the legislator. For we know that the common law is that system of law which was introduced by the Saxons on their settlement in England, and altered from time to time by proper legislative authority from that to the date of the Magna Charta, which terminates the period of the common law or lex non scripta and commences that of the statute law or lex seripta. This settlement took place about the middle of the fifth century, the con-version of the first Christian king of the Heptarchy hav-ing taken place about the year 598, and that of the last about 686. CHRISTIANITY NO PART OF "Here then was a space of two hundred years during which the common law was in existence and Christianity no part of it. If it ever, therefore, was adopted into the common law it must have been between the introduction of Christianity and the date of the Magna Charta. But of the laws of this period we have a tolerable collection  by Lambard and Wilkins; probably not perfect, but nei--ther very defective; and if any one chooses to . build a doctrine on any law of that period, supposed to have been lost, it is incumbent on him to prove it to have ex-isted and what were its contents. These were so far alterations of the common law and became themselves a part of it, but none of these adopt Christianity as a part of the common law. Ł "If therefore from the. settlement of the Saxons to,  the introduction of Christianity among them that sys-tem of religion could not be a part of the common law, because they were not yet Christians ; and if having their-laws from that period to the close of the common law we-are able to find among them no such act of adoption, we-may safely affirm (though contradicted by all the judges-and writers on earth) that Christianity neither is nor ever was a part of the common law." The foregoing is only a part of Jefferson's argument, but sufficient for the purposes of this article. The full` text is given as an Appendix to Jefferson's "Reports of Cases Determined in the General Court of Virginia, from 1730-1740, and from 1768-1772," published at Char-lottesville, Va., by F. Carr and Co., 1829. His letter constitutes an effectual answer on the point in question, to the decision of the Supreme Court of New York in the-case of The People vs. Ruggles, and of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania in the case of Updegraff vs. The Com-monwealth, rendered shortly before it was written, and frequently cited within recent years in support of laws for enforcement of Sunday. Upon a judicial forgery and a monstrous fiction uts terly antagonistic to Christianity, therefore, rests Justice Pryor's statement constituting the basis of his decision, that " In the State of New York the sabbath exists as a day of rest by the common law." AT least one member of the Wisconsin legislature has-received a communication from the " Superintendent of Christian Citizenship " of the City of Racine, giving him the following information :Š "Arrangements have beeen made whereby the record of each legislator during this coming season will be for--warded to our superintendent of Christian Citizenship and he will make' it his business to see that your consti-tuents know of your record in this legislature; therefore it is to your interest as well as theirs to see that your-record is kept clear and above all comment. We assure you that we do this with an object of aiding you as well as the cause we champion. "Respectfully yours, " G: C. HARNEY, ' " Supt. of Christian Citizenship."' The Daily Advocate, of Green Bay, Wis., says that, the gentleman whom it refers to as having received this letter, "interpreted the letter as a threat, as indeed-would most people, and he lost no time in replying: at the same time pointing out to Mr. Harney the impertinence which characterized the letter he had written." It is perfectly plain that these mis-called Christian Citizenship managers are determined to work themselves: 