AMERICAN SENTINEL. 727 and see. There are three Israelites, who refuse to bow and worship. Shadrach, Meshacb, and Abed-sego do not regard the decree (law) of the king. The king is angry at their disobedience, but gives them one more chance for life by obeying the former command. There seems to be no other hope for them than to fall down and worship the image. But, hold! whom do these men worship? They worship the God that made heaven and earth, and created man upon the earth. Yes! they wor-ship the God who had given all nations into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar the king, of whom it is written, "Thou, 0 king, art a king of kings; for the God of heaven hath given thee a kingdom, power, strength, and glory." This God who is able to give all nations into the king's hand, can he not deliver three men out of his hand? The king thinks not, saying, "Who is that God that shall deliver you out of my handl" Shadrach, Me-shach, and Abed-nego reply, with all confidence in God: "0 Nebuchadnezzar, we are not careful to answer thee in this matter. If it be so, our God whom we serve is able to deliver us from the burning fiery furnace, and he will deliver us out of thine hand, 0 king. But if not, be it known unto thee, 0 king, that we will not serve thy gods, nor worship the golden image which thou hast set up." This utter disregard for the king's gods, and such disobedience to his law concerning worship, makes Neb-uchadnezzar very angry; and he commands that the furnace be heated much hotter than ever before. The most mighty men in his army are commanded to bind these Hebrews and cast them into the furnace prepared for them. The soldiers obey the king's command, but to their own destruction. The arrow that the king aimed at the three Hebrews, killed his own mighty men. Nebuchadnezzar then asks in astonishment, "Did we not cast three men bound into the fire?" His coun-cillors answer, "It is true, 0 king." But the king re-plied, "I see four men walking in the fire, and they have no hurt; and the form of the fourth is like the Son of God." Then in haste Nebuchadnezzar comes near the furnace and calls "0 Shadrach, Meshach, and Abed-nego, ye servants of the Most High God, come forth and come hither." Not until they hear the king's voice do they attempt to come out of the furnace; but now at the king's word they obey. Always obedient in any thing that the king had any right to demand of them, with faces lighted up with the glory of the One who had sustained them in the fire, they came forth conquerors, with not a smell of fire on their garments. The mercy of God which is kept "for thousands of those who love God and keep his commandments," was manifested for those who had honored God in not bow-ing to the golden image. What lessons may we learn from this sketch of his-tory? 1st. To serve a king or nation as a king or nation, is not to serve them in things pertaining to God and his worship. 2nd. That the service we owe to our nation, is an entirely different service from that which we owe to our God; and that we may be perfectly submissive to a country and at the same time not regard the gods of that nation or submit to their forms of worship in the least. 3rd. That the power of nations and that of God are entirely different; that while the weapons of nations are carnal and limited, those of God are mighty to the pull-ing down of strongholds; and this Nebuchadnezzar had learned when he said: "God . . . who hath sent his angel, and delivered his servants that trusted in him, and have changed the king's word, that they might not serve nor worship any God except their own God;" and "there is no other god that can deliver after this sort; . . . and I blessed the Most High, and I praised and honored him that liveth forever, whose dominion is an everlasting dominion, and his kingdom is from genera-tion to generation, and all the inhabitants of the earth are reputed as nothing: and he doeth according to his will in the army of heaven and among the inhabitants of the earth, and none can stay his hand or say unto him, What doest thou? I praise and extol and honor the King of heaven, all whose works are truth and his ways judgment; and those that walk in pride he is able to abuse." 4th. That God will manifest his power that the nations may know that they are nothing, if his servants in the nations will worship only him as these three holy men did. 5th. That those in the nations who handle God's people for worshiping only God, are in greater danger than those who are handled. 6th:  That kings and rulers will be constrained to acknowledge the only true God, when they see his power manifested, and thus the people will hear of the true God. 7th. That he is faithful that promised, "Fear thou not, for I am with thee; be not dismayed, for I am thy God: I will strengthen thee; yea, I will help thee; yea, I will uphold thee with the right hand of my righteous-ness." "When thou passest through the waters, I will be with thee; . . . and when thou walkest through the fire, thou shalt not be burned; neither shall the flame kindle upon thee; for I am the Lord thy God, the only One of Israel, thy Saviour." May kings, rulers, and peoples each learn the lesson that God has recorded in this sketch of history for their special benefit. OP 4' AN aristocracy or a monarchy may govern subject states. It never was done, and never will be done suc-cessfully, by a democracy or a republic.ŠSenatorGeorge F. Hoar. 