AMERICAN SENTINEL. 495 Studies in French History.-33. " EVEN though the Swiss warriors had been emi-nently successful in their battles with the duke, Charles of Burgundy, still he imagined there was fame and glory for him et, on the field of battle," began Professor Car-man, "and so he picked a senseless quarrel with his neighbor, the good Duke of Lorraine." " I don't see any division of Lorraine on the map. Will you please point it out, professor ?" asked Max Smith. "You will find it in the northeastern part of France, Šthere it is,Šhaving Germany for its nearest neighbor. In old geographies you will see that Alsace-Lorraine is a part of France, but since the late war between Germany and France, you will notice a change on the maps, and Lorraine is cut into two parts, apportioning one di-vision to Germany, which division includes the import-ant city of Strasburg. "As I was saying, the quarrelsome Duke Charles met the army of the Duke of Lorraine at Nancy, a city'which you will find near the center of the division of Lorraine, and a fierce battle ensued, in which the Duke of Burgundy was killed and his army badly beaten. The body of the unfortunate duke was found only after a long search, in a marsh, where he had fallen on his face and, as the weather was cold, the water had frozen all around his head ; the features were terribly torn and mangled while cutting him from the ice." "I don't see but he perished just like any ordinary man, in spite of his money," remarked Julia March. "Money is not without value in life," answered the teacher, but how valueless it becomes at death. "The generous Duke of Lorraine gave his enemy an honorable burial, having him clothed in black velvet, and even placing a crown upon his head." "I should not think King Louis would have allowed that proceeding," said Rob Billings. He didn't think any too much of the bold Duke, if my memory serves me, and I can't see why he should allow a crown to be put upon his head, even if he were dead. I didn't sup-pose any one but kings and queens ever wore crowns." "But you see, Robert," smiled the teacher, "this kind of crown was not like a king's; it was a ducal crown, such as dukes wore; so you can see why Louis allowed the honor to be done to his old enemy. Then,  he was so glad to be well rid of him, I don't suppose he cared how much honor was paid to a dead hero." "Bing Louis could rest in peace now, couldn't he, seeing the duke was dead?" said Joe Palmeter. "0, no; he had more enemies than you could well count. The constable of France, Count of St. Poe, was another of them. Louis had often expressed a desire for the count's headŠthough he said he had no wish for his body,Šand at last his desire was realized, and the luck-less fellow fell a victim to the envy and caprice of his sovereign." "I am wondering if the kings of France and England were upon friendly terms at this time," said Charlie White. "No, Charlie; King Edward the Fourth and Louis the Eleventh were far from being chums, though finally they met and arranged as peaceable terms as they could, under the circumstances." "Why, what were the circumstances ?" asked Will Barnaby. " Well, if two men, who wish to have a talk and become reconciled have not enough confidence in each other to meet face to face, without fear of treachery and murder, it doesn't speak very well for all the terms of peace which they agree upon, does it ? These two great kings met upon a bridge, and they were so afraid of each other that Louis had caused to be built a solid wall of plank, between the two, and they finally met and talked through a tiny lattice window." "I presume they remembered the fate of John the Fearless," said Edna Phillips. "You know he was treacherously killed while saluting the Dauphin Charles, afterward Charles VII, and as this happened upon a bridge, I suppose they meant to be safe." "Yes; and it seems that Edward at least was not sincere; for he soon prepared to invade France, just as placidly as if he had not arranged terms of peace with Louis. But he was prevented from carrying out his' ideas by the grim peace makerŠdeath. And as though it were not to be that the poor superstitious king was to have any comfort of his life, his brain became weak, and he forthwith shut himself up in a dark, gloomy castle, imagining that someone, or rather everyone, was plot-ting to kill him." "I don't wonder very much, seeing this had been his own business all his life," commented Julia March. "No; you will remember there is a verse of scripture which, in speaking of the wicked, says, ' His violent deal-ing shall come down upon his own pate,' and such seemed to have been the case here, for although he finally died a natural death, yet he was in such a horror of fear for months before, that his life did him no good." "Did his friends visit him in the gloomy castle?" asked Milly Brau. "No, unless he sent for them,Šnot even his own children,Šhe was afraid of everybody. His sentinels were commanded to shoot anyone who came near the gloomy old castle. He had in fact only three friends,Š 