AMERICAN SENTINEL. 203 No American Homes in the Philippines. THE difference between "expansion" as represented in the "Louisiana purchase" and other acquisitions of territory on the North American continent, and "ex-pansion" as represented by the annexation of the Phil-ippines, is well expressed in the following from the pen of Andrew Carnegie, in the North American Review, for March:Š "With the exception of a few men seeking their own gain, the only Americans whom the Filipinos can ever know must be our soldiers, for American women and children cannot make their homes there. No holy influ-ence flowing from American homes, no Christian women, no sweet children, nothing there but men and soldiers, the former a few adventurers, who, failing to succeed at home, thought they could make money there. Now every writer upon the subject tells that the presence of soldiers in any town in the tropics is disastrous to both native and foreigner; that the contract of the superior race with the inferior demoralizes both, for reasons well understood. Forty-six per cent. of the British army in India is at all times diseased. What imperialistic clergy-man or intelligent man but knows that soldiers in for-eign camps, so far from being missionaries for good, require missionaries themselves more than the natives. It would all be so different if Americans could settle and establish their homes in the Philippines and merge with the people, making a col.ony. It is in colonies, not in dependencies, that Britain has done good work. Sold-iers will not benefit the inferior race in the Philippines. Men there for gain will not. Missionaries there are al-ready in abundance. Beyond a few of a different sect of Christianity, we have nothing more we can send, and these will find welcome there if we cease warfare upon the people, while to-day they would be regarded as ene-mies. It is not civilization, not improvement, therefore, that imperialism can give to the Philippines, should we hold permanent possession. It is serious injury both to the Filipinos and to our soldiers, and to the American citizens who go there. It is a bad day for either soldier or business man when, in a foreign land, he is bereft of the elevating influences which center in the home." As Was to be Expected. THE announcement of the new management that Sunday trains would be instituted on the Delaware, Lackawanna, and Western Railway, has called out a protest from the Ministers' Union of Hoboken; as fol-lows:Š "To the Officials of the Delaware, Lackawanna and Western Railroad Company. "GENTLEMEN: We have learned that you are ar-ranging for a system of Sabbath day passenger trains with deepest regret. We are assured that we represent by far the majority of your patrons in deploring this action. We have regarded your company as deserving of highest praise in your strict observance of the Lord's day as far as practicable, and have seen a close relation  between your phenomenal success and the high moral character you have maintained. We look with grave apprehension both for yourselves and others, in what we regard as a desecration of the holy Sabbath. We plead for your employees, who need and desire the day of rest, that they may be fitted to do more and better work and insure greater safety to the traveling public and property interest of the company. "It is the conviction of your petitioners that no special inconvenience has been occasioned from your former plan. The increased accommodation for Sunday travel will open still wider the flood gates of Sabbath desecration. " We, therefore, whose names are hereunto affixed, do most earnestly petition your company to reconsider your action, and maintain firmly the high moral posi-tion you have taken, and which we believe has secured to you the blessing of God and the commendation of men. We entertain the strong hope that the desire of those who are indifferent to a due observance of law will not prevail, and that you will continue to maintain the stand you have taken, not to run passenger trains on the Lord's day." In one place at least this petition is very weak: it seeks to forbid labor on the first day of the week, in the face of the fact that the Creator of heaven and earth worked on that day, and has left the record of the fact for mankind. As long as men follow the example of the Creator, they will not go very far wrong. This fact ought certainly to be admitted by a clergymen's union. Sectarian Appropriations Again. "Literary Digest." THE Lower House of Congress recently passed the bill making appropriations for the Indian schools, en-tirely eliminating anything for sectarian schools, that is, the schools taught under the auspices of denomina-tions, but heretofore supported in part by the Govern-ment. Later the Senate committee inserted a provision in the bill allowing the Catholic schools the amount they received last year, namely, twenty per cent. of their former allowance. Early in December Cardinal Gibbons, in behalf of himself and the archbishops of the Catholic Church in America, submitted a petition to Congress asking that the question of the Contract-school system be reopened, and that Congress again go over the subject of Indian education. The petition set forth at length the history of the Indian-school question and the legislation apply-ing to it, up to the recent provisions in appropriation bills looking to the gradual discontinuance of Govern-ment aid to sectarian schools. The petition asked that a congressional inquiry be made in place of the depart.; mental inquiries, in order that the merits and defects of contract schools and Government schools may be shown and "not kept as a secret of state concealed in the files of any department or office." This proposed action has been strongly opposed 