AMERICAN SENTINEL.  Religious Liberty in Chile. IN July, 1897, the Roman Catholic bishop of Iquique, .Chile, published and caused,  to be posted on the doors of the Catholic church in that city, a circular, of which, :.says the Converted Catholic, the following is a transla Ł lion:Š "TO CATHOLICS: "Those married persons whose marriages have not been performed by the church, until this is done:Š "1stŠCannot receive the sacraments; "2ndŠNor be god-parents; "3rdŠNor be witnesses in marriage ceremonies; "4thŠNor be inscribed as members in the religious 'societies, nor receive the scapulars; "5thŠNor have charge of any duty in the church; "6thŠNor can funeral honors be celebrated for them; "7thŠTheir names shall be erased from every society .and religions association; "8thŠIn the baptismal records, their children shall be counted illegitimate; "9thŠThey are public sinners; "10thŠTheir names shall be recorded in an especial book for the preceding end." And this same church poses in America as the cham-pion of civil and religious, liberty; and what is stranger still, a great many Protestants seem actually to believe that it is the truth. The Church and the World. BY M. E. KELLOGG. AN English Congregational minister, Dr. Barry, has , lately expressed the belief that "the church must be sep-ted from the world while it seeks to save it." The sentiment expressed in these words is so self-evi-6ntly true, that no further words of commendation or approval can add anything to it. The doctor further elucidates his idea by comparing the present condition of things to a drowning man and a would-be rescuer. He says: "The danger is that the drowning man will clu6h the rescuer and both will sink. It must not be so with the church. The church must clutch the world firmly and lift it up, but not be dragged down by it." This, of course, is but to say that the church in its efforts to reform the world must not allow the world to deform the church. Another thing ought to be no less apparent. If the church remains separate from the world, it cannot have any union with the state, whether that union be avowed or is only a tacit agreement. The state represents the world; it is the world in an organized capacity. Hence a union of the church with the state is the strongest kind of a union of the church with the world. But the church has no mission to the state, or to the world as a whole, only as it has a mission to every person in the world. The mission of the church is to individuals. "If any man hear my voice, and open the door, I will come in to him, and will sup with him and he with me." "Whosoever will, let him come." The church, liy the power given her of God, is equal to this task of saving individuals. The apostles saved no worldŠno nation as a wholeŠbut they were remarkably successful in saving men. A few hundred years passed, and the church conceived the idea of saving men by wholesale, by nations. The church seized the world, at least the Roman world, and tried to save it by uniting itself to the Roman state. There was a mighty pun, but the church gave, way, and was dragged down to the level of the Roman world, and her fair robes were indelibly smirched. The same plan has been tried over and over again in different countries at different times, always attended with the same lament-able results. The reason why God saves men individually and not by nations is very apparent. The salvation of men de-pends upon their individual wills, and each person must exercise his own will. Hence, in the offer of salvation, God appeals to individuals. There is in the gospel power to save those who believe and submit their wills to God. Had God commissioned his church to seize the world and save it as a whole, then no doubt he would have clothed it with power for the accomplishment of the task. But he did not. The church has an abundance of power for the work God gives it to do to save individuals. Paul understood both thepower and the scope of the gospel, and he said, "I am made all things to all lien, that I might by all means save some." 1 Cor. 9:22. Another apostle "declared how God at the first did visit the Gentiles to gather out of them a people for his name." Acts 15:14. As long as the church keeps at her God-commissioned work of saving individuals, she will find herself clothed with power for her task; but if she tries to sa/e the world as a whole, she will be shorn of her power and will be drawn down to the level of the world. The world as a whole is going down, sinking amid the sinful pleasures that "drown men in destruction and perdition," and just as sure as the church takes a firm hold of the world so that the two cannot be separated, the church will sink with the world,Šthe would-be rescuer will also be drawn into the depths. MR. N. O'MooRE, of Highland Park, Ill., writes: "In-closed find $10, for which send the SENTINEL one year to each of the accompanying names, and credit my sub-scription five years in advance." MR. ETHAN LANPHEAIL, of Plainfield, N. J., in renew-ing his subscription to the SENTINEL, says: "Among all the papers that come to my table, there is none that speaks as much truth in so few words as does the AMERI-CAN SENTINEL. May it continue to live until the end comes and righteousness triumphs." 