186 VOL. 8, No. 24.      State adopts an idea or principle, it does not con-stitute such a union. But a denial is not proof, and so we must examine the facts before we can feel warranted in accepting this disclaimer, ex-plicit though it be. The Professor then makes the merely technical argument that " a principle and a State not being of the same species can not be united." This is specious, but will not bear investigation. Put the principle, or idea, in the shape of a civil statute, thus making it possible for those who adhere to that idea to force it upon others, and it will be found to be a very substantial thing. Of course, as one has well expressed it, the fruit of such a union can be only " a sort of mule animal, capable only of destroying, and not of breeding up ;" but this disproves only the propriety of the union, not its possi-bility. The whole body of believers, Professor Coleman says, may properly be called the Church. But he assumes that they recog-nize no central authority. This is, how-ever, a mistake, as he himself shows later on in his own article. The Church, in this broad sense, does recognize a common autnority. All denominations more or less fully recognize God as the great moral Governor, and his law as that by which all men will be judged; in short, the re-vealed will of God is the authority recog-nized by the Church in this broad sense; and it is this same authority that the churches demand shall be recognized as the supreme law of the United States, thus making the law of the Church and the law of the land one and the same. If this would not be a union of Church and State, in all essential particulars, it would be hard to say what would constitute such a union. " The American objection to a union of Church and State," says Professor Cole-man, " is founded on the evils which such a union has produced in the nations of the Old World. The phrase, therefore, has an historical sense, and to take it from that sense is to give it a new meaning with which to deceive people, who sup-pose that we are talking of the same kind of a union of Church and State that pro-duced the evil results. The union of Church and State found in history has always been the union of an organized State with an organized Church. In Eng-land the State is united with the Episcopal Church, in Scotland with the Presbyterian Church, in Prussia with the Lutheran Church, in Spain with the Roman Cath-olic Church. . . . This is the kind of union of Church and State that the Amer-ican people are opposed to." But why go back only four hundred years for examples of a union of Church and State ? Why not go at once to the fountain head of all corrupt church estab-lishments, namely, Rome in the fourth century ? Every one who is familiar with the his-tory of the first four centuries of the Christian era knowa that the first union of Church and State was nothing more and nothing less than that which Professor Coleman insists would not now constitute such a union. Constantine did only that which the Supreme Court and Congress have done, namely, he made the nation Christian by adopting the Christian reli-gion as the national religion. Then the bishops of the Christian Church, that is, of the whole body of believers, came to-gether and decided what was the Chris- tian religion; and flails was formed the nucleus of what has for centuries been known as the Roman Catholic Church. To say that only a union of religion and the State is desired, and not a union of Church and State, is to say that the Church and religion can be separated. But this is impossible. Constantine only adopted the Christian religion; he did not make any denomination the State Church. He had no thought of such a thing. Neander testifies that it had become Con-stantine's " favorite plan to unite together all his subjects in the wcrship of one God." That is he wished all to become Christians; not necessarily to come to-gether in one organic union, but in one faith so broad that all could assent to it. The emperor " represented the questions in dispute as being nothing but rash, spec-ulative questions, standing in no connec-tion whatever with the essence of Chris-tianity." He reasoned, no doubt, as men do to-day, that even if all could not see alike on 411 points, they ought to upon essential doctrines, and therefore he wanted some authority to decide what were the essentials. And that is just what is said now about the differences which separate the various denomina-tions. These, we are told, are minor dif-ferences; and that which they demand and which the Government has recognized is what they term the fundamental, non-sectarian principles of Christianity, those things upon which all can unite, not in the sense of forming one organic whole, a single denomination, but in the sense of giving united moral support to these prin-ciples. And this is just what they did in the time of Constantine; they simply agreed that Christianity, in the abstract, should be the recognized religion. - But as soon as the bishops had decided what was Christianity, a church began to crystallize around the creed which contained their definition of Christianity. And it was inevitable that it should be so. It could not have been otherwise. And it is the same now. February 29, 1892, Justice Brewer, speaking for the Supreme Court of the -United States, declared this to be a Chris-tian Nation. This was at once urged as a reason why Congress should require the closing of the Columbian Exposition on Sunday; and in taking that action Con-gress did define Christianity to the extent of declaring Sunday observance a neces-sary part of Christianity. So that already we have taken the second step in the path which Rome trod fourteen hundred years ago, namely, having by decree of the Supreme Court made Christianity the re-ligion of the Nation, we have by act of Congress begun to define that religion, or in other words, to formulate a national creed. Of course nobody intends that this shall result as it did in Rome. Nobody wants to make any denomination the State Church, but it is none the less the truth, that the adoption of Christianity by the Nation constitutes a union of Church and State just as truly as such a union was formed in the time of Constantine the Great. It is true, as Professor Coleman says, that " the phrase, union of Church and State, has an historical sense ;" but it is also true that that historical sense is just as inseparably connected with the history of the Church in the fourth cent-ury as in the fifteenth, or at any other time. Of the relation of the Church to the State during the early part of the fourth century, Neander says:Š With the commencement of this period the Church entered into an entirely different relation to the State. It did not merely become a whole, recognized as legal, and tolerated by the StateŠwhich it had been already from the reign of Gallienus down to the Diocletian persecutionŠbut the State itself declared its principles to be those to which everything must be subordinated. Chris-tianity became, by degrees, the dominant State religion, though not entirely in the same sense as paganism had been before. Church and State con-stituted, henceforth, two wholes, one interpen-etrating the other, and standing in a relation of mutual action and reaction. The advantageous influence of this was that the Church could now exert its transforming power also on the relations of the State; but the measure and the character of this power depended on the state of the inner life in the Church itself. The healthful influence of the Church is indeed to ge perceived in many par-ticular cases, though it was very far from being so mighty as it must have been had everything pro-ceeded from the spirit of genuine Christianity, and had the State actually subordinated itself to this spirit. But,, on the other hand, the Church had now to struggle under a great disadvantage; for instead of being left free, as it was before, to pursue its own course of development, it was sub-jected to the influence of a foreign secular power, which in various ways would operate to check and disturb it; and the danger, in this case. increased in the same proportion as the political life with which the Church came in contact was corrupt. And this is exactly the relation which the leaders in church circles insist exists between the State and the Church in this country; and this is the nature of the temptation to which they expose the Church. They demand that the Chris-tian principles, the principles of the Church, shall be those to which every-thing shall be subordinated; and already the Church, as such, participates in polit-ical matters. But being under one law, governed by one principle, what was the result in Rome ? Let Neander answer:Š The supreme magistrates now considered them-selves as members of the Church, and took a per-sonal share in its concerns; but it was no easy mat-ter for them to fix the proper limits to this partici-pation. And who can doubt that like causes, which exist in this country to-day, will presently produce like results ? Now that the civil authorities have been called upon by the churches to decide a purely religious question, as in the matter of closing the World's Fair on Sunday, can the Government ever be separated from the interpretation and administration of the divine law, which, in the matter of the Fair, was so misconstrued by Congress ? Certainly not; it is inevitable that either the civil power will rule the Church or the Church will dominate the civil power, as it has already done in the matter re-ferred to; and as between two such evils there is small choice. The National Reform movement of the nineteenth century, as seen in our land to-day, is the National Reform movement of the fourth century over again. Then, under stress of so-called Christian influ-ence, the State declared the principles of the Church to be those to which every-thing must be subordinated, and the Su-preme Court and Congress does the same thing to-day at the behest of an aggres-sive minority. Can we hope that the re-sult will be different ? The demand as now formulated is that " Christian moral-ity shall be taken as the ultimate standard of right, and that all our laws shall con-form to this standardi" This simply means to make the divine law, or rather that which the courts and Congress may hold or the Church decide to be the divine law, the fundamental law of the land. 