30 AM-VIRIO S NI\INVL. men have no right to think ;for theniSelves upon tli6 subject of - In the sixteenth Centtry, When Brazil was .a Colony of Portugal, 'John Boles, a French Huguenot, was executed in Rio 'de Janeiro for heresy. Even at the time of the independence, in 1822, this spirit was so strong that the Romish ChurCh. was made the State Church. The State erected the aural buildings, supported the priests, proVided seminaries for the education of candidates for Others, and gave its entire moral support that church. All persens were bound to respect it, and no One was alloWed to speak or write against it. Other religious sects were only tolerated. Even this was a step in ad-Vance of the - old colonial policy. Protestants were al-loWed to meet for worship in private houses or in house's with no ``exterior form of a tem-ple." In consequence of this clause all the Protestant church buildings in Brazil are plain structures without steeples or bel-fries, the absence of these being consid-ered sufficient conformity to the regula-tion. The first Protestant church build= ing erected in Brazil Was the English chapel in Rio, built in'1823. The feeling was so strong against it that the chief of police sent a guard the day it was dedi-cated to prevent disorder. Little by little the people became' deenstemed to the presence of a Protestant honk of wor-ship, and-  quieted their fears by reflecting that all the services were held in a foreign tongue, and therefore could do no harm to Brazil. Later on, however, when Prot-estant missionaries' came from the United States and Scotland, and after learning the language began holding religious services in Portuguese, the old persecuting spirit was revived; and these men were vilified, threatened and persecuted in various ways. But they were' men who were not easily daunted by such opposition, and since then this intolerant spirit has to a large extent died out, except among the priests, who are as bitter as ever. This result has come largely through the influence of Protestantism and a nat-ural growth of liberal ideas among the people'. Some of the leading ' men of the country have visited Protestant lands and become convinced that Protestantism and religious liberty are not so horrid as the priests have pictured them. The more intolerant laws upon the statute books, in time-, became dead letters ; but it was only in 1`861 that Protestant marriges were rec-ognized; :and mien; in 1888 Parliament re-fused to consider a liberty of worship bill: But the cause of religious liberty gained a complete victory through the Revolution of last November. It may be only a tem-porary advantage, but we hope that it is permanent. The provisional Government separated Church and State, granted. lib-erty of wershiP, excluded" Romish teach-ing froth the Public Schools,- instituted civil marriage,' placed the control of the public cemeteries in the hands,  of the Civil  authorities; in a word inaugurated an era of entire religious freedom. All this is 'at once wise, just, and reasonable, and places Brazil, in this respect, far. in ad-vance of the other South Americantepub lies. The previsional GoVernment has pre-pared dna. decreed a new Constitution which was to be preSented to' the Constitu-ent Assembly, called to convene on No-vember 15, this assembly to have power to amend and 'finally-  adopt it. The follow-ing aie the' articles which treat of relig-ious freeddra:=L It is prohibited to the States as well as to the Union to establish, aid or hinder the exercise of any relig-ious worship. All individuals and religious denominations may publicly and freely exercise their worship,,associa-ting themselves for this purpose, and acquiring prop-, erty within the limits prescribed by the law of mortmain. The Republic recognizes civil marriage only, which, will always precede the religious "ceremonies. of whatever faith. Cemeteries will be secular in character and ad-ministered by municipal anthority. Instructions furnished by public institutions will be secular. No denomination "or church shall enjoy official Subsidy, nor hold relations . of dependence or al-liance with the Government of the Union, or that of the States. If these articles are approved by the As-senibly and the principles of religious free-dom hemline thuS embodied in the .Consti-tution of the Republic, Brazil ha's before her a bright future, and her statesmen will be forever freed from the troublesome " religions question ; " and the people of Brazil liberated from the thralldom of the Papacy, free to follow the dictates of their consciences, will be a happier and a bet-ter people. The Roinish Church itself will reform,, if it is posSible for the Church in BraZil to reform, and a grander opportunity will be presented for Protestant Christendom to enter and freely and openly teach " the truth as it is' in Christ Jesus."-Rev. John M. kyle, Rio de Janeiro, in The Church at HOnie and Abroad.  Ł  . Open It on Sunday. THE Trustees of the Metropolitan Mu-seum are'said to be disappointed that the evenings on Which the Museum is opened, namely, Tuesday and Saturday, do not bring a larger-attendance. There is -plenty of electric light, and the pictures and stat-uary and other objects of interest can be seen to even. better advantage than in the daytime. There seems to be a disposition to regard the Workingman as an ungrate-ful sort of person, wholly unappreciative of the great things that the directors of the Metropolitan Museum have done for him: Well, the workingman who has been working from seven till noon, and from one to six, does not feel much like going out, after his evening meal. a sturdy fellow as a rule, but there are limits' (Mai'  to his physical endurance, and it is no wonder if he feels too tired on Tuesday evening to go to the Museum. It is a wonder if he does not feel tired by Satur-day evening. But open the Museum doors to him at one o'clock Sunday afternoon, when he has had a good rest, and has perhaps been to church or early mass and then taken a little walk in the Park with his wife and children. See how he will fill the Metro-politan Museum then. See how the old masters and the modern masters and the casts of marvels of ancient and modern sculpture, will interest him. . . . That is the way it works in other cities where art museums are opened during Sunday afternoon's. Messrs. Trustees of the Met-ropolitan Museum, give the workingman a chance when he is fresh. Did it ever strike those of you who think you are trustees of " the Sabbath " as well as of the Metropolitan Museum, that the way to make it a 'perpetual and beneficent in-stitution in a land of universal suffrage is to make man, for whom the Sabbath was made, not he for it, call the Sabbath a delight ?ŠNew York Press. They See the Inconsistency. THE Catholics are not slow to see the inconsistency of the attitude of certain so-called Protestants who favor giving what they are pleased to call "unsectarian instruction in the public schools." The Catholic Review says :Š Our brethren outside the fold have a hard time with the separation of Church and State. With the right hand they are doing all in their power to sus-tain their own privileges in all public institutions, and with the left they are doing their utmost to pull these privileges down. The recent school conference in New York "illustrates this point admirably. It de-clared for an utter divorce of Church and State one moment, and the next it praised this State for its teaching of Christian morals and its maintenance of religious exercises. We must ask the members of the conference what consistency lies in their posi-tion? We must also ask, if a State hospital, prison, or home pays a chaplain to instruct and solace its . inmates, where can be the harm of paying a teacher to instruct children in Catholicity? And if the trust-ees of a Catholic school prove that for one school year they have taught five hundred American chil-dren efficiently certain secular branches, what hin-drance can there be to the payment of State funds for this instruction? If there be no union of Church and State in the case of the hospital and the public school, there is none in the case of the parochial school. It is just as much a union of Church and State to teach Protestantism at public ex-pense as it is to teach Romanism, and everybody ought to be able to see it so. The State should let every sort of ism en-tirely alone; and to do so, it must let religion alone. To fail in attempting to do good is bet-ter than not to try at all. You may slay the truth teller but the truth itself is it-  mortal, 