Vri ei  -e> "IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BET TFVE  NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT." Jesus Christ. VOLUME 15. NEW YORK, APRIL 19, 1900. NUMBER 16. Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional. 'Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay forit, (Entered at the New York Postoffice.) CONSCIENCE can be properly surrendered only to the Word of God. A A LAws touching religion interpose the state between the soul and its Creator. .0 A THE duties we are to render to Caesar are never those which belong to God. A A GOD does not force any of his gifts upon mankind, and no man ought to try to force His gifts upon his fellowmen. A A LAws which are to maintain justice between man and man, must be founded upon something else than religious belief. .0 .0 IT is one thing to demonstrate the necessity of a weekly rest, and quite another thing to demonstrate the propriety of a Sunday law. .0 A JESUS CHRIST'S solution for the workingman's rest problem, and the only solution he ever advocated, is, "Come unto Me, all ye that labor, and are heavy laden; and I will give you rest." Have clergymen found a better one to-day? THE Sunday laws, as enforced in some States, give the seventh-day keeper the alternative of dispensing with his property or dispensing with his conscience. A A How CAN Sunday be both a religious and a "civil" Sabbath? How can a thing be both sacred and secu-lar? both tall and short? both white and black? Who can tell? A A LIGHT needs no protection against darkness, nor truth against error, nor Caristianity against false reli-gions. When men are protected in their rights, religion will take care of itself. A New "Sovereignty" in the United States. A POLITICAL party in MaineŠwhich one is not a material question hereŠat its State convention held recently adopted resolutions in which it is stated thatŠ "Congress may be safely depended upon to secure to all who accept its sovereignty the blessings of a just government and a progressive civilization." The noteworthy point in this is the idea it puts forth of the sovereignty of Congress. This is strange political doctrine for this country. If Congress is the sovereign, what are the people? It has been under-stood heretofore that the sovereignty of the United States resides in the people, and that Congress has only such power and authority As are expressly granted to it by the Constitution. Now we have it plainly asserted that Congress possesses sovereignty in it-self. If this were the first appearance of the doctrine of sovereignty in the United States other than that of the people, it might be taken for a mere mental slip on the part of its authors. But this doctrine has become too 