108 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. he is president, exists for the following object:Š"The object of this union is to preserve the Chris-tian Sabbath as a day of rest and worship." By the " Christian Sabbath" this union means a specific day of the week, the first,ŠSunday. It is laboring earnestly for a national law, which shall compel all men to recognize this specific first day of the week as a day of rest and worship. All this is easily understood; there is no "amalgamation of days" when Colonel Shepard is defending Sunday, or is seeking leg-islation in its support. Nor is there any difficulty in any department of human experience in under-standing the fact that Sunday is the first day of the week, and bears a specific relation to the sev-enth day of the week, which precedes it. Why, then, is it that this prominent Sabbath-reform ad-vocate and editor tumbles so soon into the vor-tex of "amalgamated days"? Why is it that Sunday, and all things connected with it, have drifted so soon into an oblivion as dense as that which hides the sepulcher of Moses on Mount Nebo? How does it happen that a journalist who is astute enough to understand the mysteries of New York State politics, even during a presi-dential campaign, has fallen into such perversion of vision ? Are there no calendars in the sanc-tum of the Mail and Express, not even an al-manac? Has the strange notion that this year is not 1889 but 1893 wrought utter confusion in the brain of Colonel Shepard? What has so shaken up the end and the beginning of the week, as with a charge of dynamite, and left the Ameri-can Sabbath Union, the Mail and Express, the Jews, the Seventh-day Baptists, and people in gen-eral, hunting amid the debris of "amalgamated days," trying in vain, with weary fingers and mud-dled brains, to decide whether Sunday is "The seventh and the first days combined, or the seventh day alone, or the first day alone, or neither the seventh nor the first"? This is indeed a terrible tangle. It oppresses us with sad forebodings. How can Colonel Shep-ard tell when to stop those Fifth Avenue stages hereafter. In the midst of this mirage of "amalgamated days" he might chance to stop them on Saturday; this would too much rejoice the wicked Seventh-day Baptists. He might issue orders that would strike on Monday, and leave the unholy rumble of Sunday-crushing wheels to go on through all the day which hitherto people have supposed was the first day of the week; but no, there is no Sunday; it is swallowed up by the seventh day, or has fallen out altogether and goneŠtoŠ" amalgamation." What an amalgamation is here, my countrymen.! The Anglo-Saxon and African amalgamation problem grows pale compared with this state of things !! Whence does this trouble arise? We suppose the Mail and Express is a total abstainer; but in the presence of Colonel Shepard's speech, we are forcibly reminded of the state of Robert Burns in "Death and Dr. Hornbook," wherein he says, speaking of the rising moon:Š "To count her horns wi' a' my power I set mysel'; But whether she had three-or four I could na' tell." Sunday, and Saturday, and Monday, caught in the swirl of Colonel Shepard's amalgamation crucible, seem to evade detection and identifica-tion, with even greater persistency than did the horns of the rising moon to the eyes of the un-steady poet. The real source of this difficulty is not far to seek. Speaking at Washington, Colonel  Shepard declares that the fourth commandment is still binding upon all people. Thinking the matter over, he discovers that the fourth com-mandment has reference to a specific day of the weekŠthe last one; and that by no system or logic, no statement of Scripture, no fact in history, can he transfer the commandment to any other day. Looking still more carefully, he finds that the week is the primeval, and the universal, time measure ; that whatever changes have been made in the calendar have been made to harmonize the civil year with the solar year, and that these changes cannot in any way affect the order or identity of the week. Thinking still more care-fully, he discovers that even if the pious monk made a mistake in the starting-point for the Chris-tian era, and that if we are really living in 1893, and not in 1889, that fact does not touch the week. All these facts crowding in upon the mind of the editor of the Mail and Express, and showing him the inconsistency of claiming that the fourth commandment supports the observance of Sunday, have evidently demoralized his logic, as a mid-night charge demoralizes a regiment of raw re-cruits. In the midst of this mental and theolog-ical demoralization, he was unfortunately called to speak at the meeting, as above reported, in which speech he has certainly demonstrated " how inaccurate and unreliable are all human calculations." Great art thou, 0 Consistency; and greater thou, 0 Logic; and terrible are the results when ye are both slain ; strangled in the morass of "amalgamated days "!Š"Sabbatieus," in New York Tribune._ Some Pertinent Questions. THE Christian Cynosure of March 28 contains some very pointed questions addressed to Mr. Gault, which are good enough to be reproduced. We are glad that the Cynosure's readers have the privilege of having their mind stirred up by such pertinent questions, but we are sorry that they cannot read a reply by Mr. Gault. However, the questions are so aptly put that he must be a dull scholar who cannot answer them forŁ-himself. The questions are by W. W. Ames, Menomonee, Wis. Here they are :Š Brother Gault says substantially that God gave to the republic of Israel a form of judiciary like the Supreme Court of the United States. Was Israel a republic? I had always supposed that the government of Israel was a theocracy. Had the people anything to do by way of electing Moses as their leader? Was he not expressly appointed by Jehovah? Did the thousands and hundreds, the fifties and the tens, nominate the judges, and ask Moses to confirm them? or did he nominate them and ask the people to confirm them? Was Moses a President? Was there a legislative body, chosen by the people, enacting laws for his signature? Admitting that the advice of Jethro to Moses to appoint judges over the people was of God, was it intended as the institution of a Supreme Court? Were they not appointed simply as sub-ordinate assistants to Moses? Were they not to bring all the great matters to Moses ? and was not he to bring them to God ? In a word, was not the arrangement made simply to save the time and strength of Moses, who was the mouth-piece for God in all matters too hard for them? How shall we make the Supreme Court to con-sist wholly of learned Christian lawyers and doe- tors of divinity ? Must it not be, if at all, by so Christianizing public sentiment that there shall be a great majority of Christian men in the Sen-ate? Will it not even then be necessary to have an amendment to the Constitution making it nec-essary that the President and Vice-President shall be Christians, or professedly such ? And then would the people be sure of a thoroughly Christian Supreine Court without an amendment prescribing such a make-up of that body ? Would there not be many men who would not scruple to profess Christianity just for the sake of political preferment? What is the prospect of such amendments being submitted to the people? And what is the prospect of the people voting for them when submitted ? Does not this point to the doubling and twisting of Church and State into a very hard knot? If, as Brother Gault says, civil penalties are never to be inflicted for the violation of a mere church law, unless it also involves the violation of a civil law, what is the object of compulsory Sunday laws, if it is not to give the State power to punish infractions of ecclesiastical law? If the precise day of the Sabbath is "moral positive," and not " moral natural," a distinction nowhere hinted at in God's word, do not Brother Gault and others make this distinction in or-der to convey to us the idea that the Sabbath obligation is eternal in its nature, the same as that to love God and each other ? If the Sab-bath itself is moral in its nature, and eternally binding, why do we speak of the precise day as "positive," if it is not because God prescribed the day, or rather the precise day? Why did God prescribe the precise day, if men knew what day to keep without being told by him ? Would it have been either logical or reverential or deferential for Moses to have instructed the people that the precise day was not of the essence of the commandment? If there is no express precept for keeping the first day of the week as the Sabbath (and Dr. Leonard Woods, a former great light of Andover Theological Seminary, says there is none), does it not savor of the most vaulting arrogance to meddle with and change that part of the Sabbath commandment which it was necessary to prescribe, and did prescribe, giv-ing special reasons therefor, and without hint that it might ever be changed ? If it would have been a gross impertinence and sin for Moses to change the day without express precept, and to have taught that the precise day was not of the essence of the command, can we be certain that it is right to do the same thing? If the Blair Sunday-Rest bill passes without exemption in favor of seventh-day keepers, will not that which was, beyond cavil, the habitual practice of the Saviour, be declared a crime? Are not the advocates of the bill urging Congress to make that declaration ? In the language of another, " Can that which Christ habitually practiced during his earthly life, ever be made a crime ? " Shall we ask Congress to make that which was Christ's habitual practice, punishable with fines or imprisonment or both ? Because we are pleased to denominate the " precise day " as positive, is there therefore no moral element in it? If a man would feel his paternal dignity wounded by a child taking such liberty with his commands, and changing the order of his re-quirement without special direction or permission, are we safe in concluding that God is not dis-pleased with such treatment of the Sabbath ? Is there no moral element inhering in obedience to a 