692 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Russia, Germany and France should adopt a policy of aggression in the Orient. Preliminary to explaining this purpose of the large fleet under Admiral Watson, the Star writer naturally found it necessary to refer to and outline the beginnings of this new American policy in the Orient, and in so doing he revealed facts quite in line with the theory of British meddling at Paris. Says the Star writer:Š "When the question came up before the United States whether or not the cession of the Philippines should be demanded of Spain as a condition of peace, and the President was reluctant to have this country assume responsibility for possessions so remote from our shores, influences both in this country and in Great Britain, which were alive to the importance of the situation in China still to be adjusted, were exerted to bring about the acquisition of that group of islands by the United States, so as to secure to us an interest in the Orient which would at once compel and enable us to participate in the adjustment of the 'eastern question' which must inevitably come. "The men in the Senate most familiar with this matter talked earnestly with the President of the impor-tance of the Philippines to the proper protection of our interests in the Orient, and it is said that the British embassador had a long conference with the President, during which he pointed out the danger that if we did not take the Philippines, Spain would sell them to Ger-many, and that a great international war might result from this disturbance of the balance of power in the Orient, and that a failure on our part to hold the islands would be unfriendly to the interests of Great Britain and be an abandonment of all ambition on our part to share in the development of Chinese trade. Prior to this the policy of the President, as imparted to Mr. Day, the head of our commission at Paris then negotiating peace, was to retain possession of but one of the islands as a naval and commercial station." Having started into the Philippine venture under the influence of Great Britain in part, how does the Administration find itself situated to-day? No one can dispute the fact that, so far as the Philippines are con-cerned, the Administration is really in the power of Eng-land. - But for England's naval support of the American programme, Germany, France, Russia, and perhaps Japan, could recognize the Filipino republic to-morrow without fear that the United States could strike back at their combined strength, and such recognition would go far to ruin the Administration's Philippine policy. It is evident that this Administration, so long as it pursues its present Philippine policy, is under bonds to keep and even solicit England's friendship. The Filipino war is in reality to England's advan-tage, because while it lasts her support is all the more necessary to America, which means that America must side with England elsewhere in the world. Never before in American history has a United States Government been so completely under the broad thumb of John Bull as to-day. Inconvenience of a National Conscience. From the "Mexican Herald." Im is always unfortunate for man or nation earn-estly wanting something not quite inside the moral pale, to have a conscience. Hence the interior debate going on at the present moment in both the .United States and Great Britain regarding the righteousness of their respective "little wars." . . . Civilization usually "gets for'ard on a powder cart," and strong men take what they want without setting up a parliament of debate within themselves. After they have got a Philippines or a Transvaal, they ask forgiveness, if by chance they hear they are criticised, but they continue to maintain their ground all the same. The Boer is mostly an unpleasant and boorishly primitive person, a lover of solitude in a world where we are all being jostled; the Tagal is small, ardent, and a die in-the-last-ditch patriot, which makes his struggle for a Malay ideal of the Declaration of Independence prolonged and bloody. The m s down Boston way assert, with all the moral rectitude of a group fed high on Emerson's essays, that "right will prevail," and if it doesn't, McKinley should be impeached; but in the end we fully expect to see Uncle Sam sitting in Luzon, master of a thoroughly "licked" archipelago and wav-ing his hand toward China and the Orient as the self-appointed redeemer of the yellow race who shall be given all the blessings of unrestricted commercial intercourse with his well-approved and trusty syndicates. And also in the long run we shall see John Bull surveying a paci-fied Africa from Pretoria and the Boers scanning the Old Testament for prophecies regarding the ultimate downfall of the oppressorŠall the consolation (purely literary), left them. In both cases the folly of standing on the track when the Anglo-Saxon Limited express train of civilization is under full steam will be made apparent to an awe struck world of the semi-civilized and backward whose destiny it is to be taken by the hand by the passengers on the aforesaid train and led forward to higher and better things. The world's progress appears to have been achieved by high-handed and bold fellows who, after a conquest, slept sound o'nights. One cannot imagine the Romans pricked with conscience nor bitten by remorse after their annexations any more than the Russians are after swal-lowing Central Asian khanates. And so we sit here in the American tropics, specta-tors of the little wars that signalize the onward march of the conquering breed that speaks the language of Rhodes, and goes forward with the machine gun and the spellingŁbook and the common law, a terror to the un-progressive and feeble folk who fitfully struggle, and then sullenly accept their role of second-rate consumers of manufactured goods. 