144 A.Mit_atcAst VOL. 8, -j1-0. 21. eousness of God." "For all thy command-ments are righteousness." Psa. 119 : 172. Solomon says: " I know that whatsoever God doeth, it shall be forever; nothing can be put to it, nor anything taken from it; and God doeth it that men should fear before him." Eccl. 3 :14. Some say that the seventh day can not be the true Sabbath because so few keep it. Look at the words of our Saviour in Luke 12: 32Ša "little flock" only. Only eight rode safely through the flood, in the ark. The Lord asks if he shall find faith on the earth when he comes. Luke 18:8. In speaking of the Judgment, he bids us remember Lot's wife; for one single act of disobedienceŠlooking backŠshe was turned to a pillar of salt. He gave the Sabbath as an everlasting memo-rial of creation and commands us to keep it holy. He will accept no substitute for it. He says : " To obey is better than sac-rifice." 1 Sam. 15:22. Christ says : " Tell ye the daughter of Zion, thy King cometh unto thee, meek, and sitting upon an ass, and a colt the foal of an ass." Matt. 21 : 5. Christians claim to be of Zion. How about the meekness ? Some are pushing toward the kingdom with the power of the dragon, eager to execute judgment in matters of conscience, which is God's right. For even Christ himself said, " I came not to judge the world but to save the world." Wait, my brother, God's time. J. W. JUDEFIND. Chestertown (Md.) Jail, May 10, 1898. Hearing at Lansing, Michigan. A SECOND hearing was granted upon the Barbers' Sunday Rest bill, which was introduced in the Michigan legislature, on the evening of May 10. The first hearing was before the Senate Judiciary Committee, on the evening of March 2, upon the following bill :Š A bill to regulate the closing of barber shops on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday. SECTION 1. The people of the State of Michigan enact, That it shall not be lawful for any person or persons to carry on or engage in the art or call-ing of hair cutting, shaving;  hair dressing, and shampooing, commonly called that of a barber, on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday. SECTION 2. And further it shall not be lawful for any person or persons to keep open their shops or places of business aforesaid, on said first day of the week, commonly called Sunday (except such persons shall be employed to exercise such art or calling in relation to a deceased person). Provided, however, That nothing in this act shall apply to persons who conscientiously believe the seventh day of the week should be observed as the Sabbath, and who actually refrain from secular business on that day. SECTION 3. Every person offending against the provisions of this act shall, upon conviction thereof, be punished by a fine of not less than $10 nor more than $25, or be imprisoned in the county jail for not more than 30 days, or by both such fine or im-prisonment in the discretion of the court. SECTION 4. All acts or parts of acts in conflict with the provisions of this act are hereby repealed. The same bill, with slight modification, was about this time introduced in the House, and a few days since passed the House by a vote of sixty-four to seven. Coming into the Senate, it was referred to the committee on labor, and another hear-ing granted upon it before this committee. The hearing was held in the open Senate chamber, and lasted from eight o'clock in the evening until nearly midnight. Not less than one hundred persons were pres-ent. Notwithstanding the House was in session that evening until a late hour, so much interest was manifested in the die- cussion going on in the Senate chamber upon the barbers' bill that a number of representatives left the proceeding in the House to come in and listen to, or take part in, the discussion at the hearing. A number of barbers, Senator McGinley and Representative Barkworth appeared in favor of the bill. Prof. G. E. Fifield and the writer spoke in opposition to it. The usual arguments in favor of such bills were made,Šthat the barbers' were " forced " to labor on Sunday, their fami-lies deprived of their association on Sun-day, would lose their positions and come to want if they refused to work on Sun-day, or some barber who did not care for Sunday would keep open his shop and get some of the trade they thought they were entitled to. Senator McGinley even went so far as to declare that if it were not for Sunday laws men could not exist, and without them there would be seen no church steeples pointing heavenward and " kissing the blue-tipped clouds." Against this and all other like measures the following arguments, in brief, were presented :- 1. All Sunday laws are religious. When the Sunday-closing measure was up in Congress last July, Senator Hawley said :Š Everybody knows what the foundation is. It is founded in religious belief. Senator Peffer likewise said :Š To-day we are engaged in a theological discussion concerning the observance of the first day of the week. And Senator Quay sent the Bible to the speaker's desk to have the fourth com-mandment read by the clerk, as the foun-dation for the proposed legislation. Like-wise, at the former hearing of the barbers' bill above mentioned, Senator McGinley, the framer of the bill and chairman of the committee before whom the hearing was held, opened the Bible and read the fourth commandment as the foundation for ask-ing the passage of the measure he had drafted. And everybody knows that the Bible is a religious book and the fourth commandment a religious command. 2. Religious legislation is un-Ameri-can. The Government of the United States was founded on a new order of things; not the principle held by other nations that the Lord divided the human race into two classes, one to rule and the other to be ruled and enjoy their rights and liberties only as they were doled out to them; but upon the principle of the sovereignty of the people, and the equality of all men in the matter of rights. 3. Such legislation is not only un-American but unchristian. Christ said : " If any man hear my words and believe not I judge him not." John 12:47. Even if he had told man to observe the first day of the week as the Sabbath (which he never did), he would not in this life con-demn them for not believing it was the Sabbath or for not keeping it. And yet, though he never gave such a command, men desire to have Congress and State legislatures step in and not only command what Christ never commanded, but con-demn other men for not obeying what Christ would not have condemned though he had commanded it. Furthermore, Paul says, " Whatsoever is not of faith is sin." Rom. 14: 23. Sun-day laws, whether made for barbers or any other class, are always enacted to compel somebody to keep Sunday who does not believe in keeping it, or who has not enough faith in it to keep it. Then it  must be evident that to force such to keep it can only be to force them to sin. To his disciples Christ said : " Neither be ye called masters: for one is your Master, even Christ." If he is our Master, we are his servants. But Paul said, "Who art thou that judgest another man's serv-ant ? to his own master he standeth or falleth. . . . So then every one of us shall give an account of himself to God." Rom. 14:4, 12. In religious matters, then, the individual is responsible alone to God, and not to the Government. 4. Such legislation is also contrary to the principles of Protestantism. The birth of Protestantism was in the year 1529 at the second Diet of Spires, when the Chris-tian princes, in response to an intolerant decree that was sought to be imposed upon the Reformers, said :Š Let us reject this decree. In matters of con-science the majority have no power. Out of this council, says D'Aubigne, grew "a new order of things," and this new order of things was the principle of liberty in religious matters, of absolute separation of Church and State, the prin-ciple upon which the Government of the United States was founded. And this is the interpretation of the Latin phrase on the reverse side of the Great Seal of the United States, Novus Ordo Secutorum," a new order of things." The Protestants said :Š We pledge, therefore, our obedience to the Em-peror in all civil matters; but as for the Word of God, it is liberty that we demand. And Luther, the great champion of the Reformation, thus affirmed :Š I would not resort to force against such as are superstitious, nor even against unbelievers. Who-soever believeth let him draw nigh, and whoso believeth not, stand afar off. Let there be no com-pulsion. Liberty is the very essence of faith. I am ready to preach, argue, write,Šbut I will not constrain any one: for faith is a voluntary act. The enforcement of the Sunday Sab-bath, or any other religious institution, is therefore contrary to the principles of true Protestantism. Rev. Thomas F. Cashman, a Catholic priest of Chicago, in the Chicago Evening Journal, of April 8, 1893, well observed that,Š The position of coercion taken by so many of the Protestant clergyŠthe position that although they are admittedly in a hopeless minority of all the people of these United States, they would compel all the rest of us to accept their Sunday dogmas by recourse to law, and other methodsŠis a grievous departure from their old battle-cry of civil and religious liberty. 5. The passage of such bills as the one under consideration Is class legislation. The barbers stand no more in need of such measures than street-car drivers, butchers, merchants, etc. They all can rest on Sun-day if they wish to. What is not pro-hibited is admitted. No man ever starved to death for resting one day in seven, not even an observer of the seventh day, as unpopular as that makes one, and surely no Sunday observer would admit for a moment that Sunday-keepers, as a class, stand a poorer chance in life, or are poorer bread-earners than seventh-day keepers. And the exemptions in it are still fur-ther class legislation, aind are but acts of toleration. They simply say that the State will allow certain things which men have an inalienable right to do anyway. But, as Madison held,Š To grant to the State the power of tolerating is implicitly to grant to it the power of prohibiting. And Philip Schaff states the same truth when he says:Š Toleration is a concession which may be with- 