--AV,V*6:Mk , Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas yeferson. VOLUME 6. NEW YORK; OCTOBER 22, 1891. NUMBER 41. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND BT., Naw Yon'. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE SDITOM, C. P. Botraux, W. H. MK= THERE are only two factors concerned in relation to Sunday rest and worshipŠGod and man. The State is not 'in it.ŠColorado Graphic. THE Associated Press despatch in refer-ence to the appeal of the King case to the Supreme Court of the United States, pub-lished in so many papers a few weeks ago, is a marked evidence of the carelessness in the use of languageŠso commonŠin the failure to discriminate betWeen the Sabbath and Sunday. And especially is it notice-able in this case, because upon this dis-tinction hangs much of the interest of King's trial. In all of Judge Hammond's decision, occupying four newspaper col-Ł umns of solid matter, the Judge does not once use the word " Sabbath," but con-sistently holds to the term " Sunday." Still the Associated Press dispatch reads: " In the celebrated case of R. M. King, the Seventh-day Adventist, convicted in Obion County of Sabbath-breaking ;" and the head which some telegraph editors have given the item has been, " King, the Sabbath-breaker." This results in a re-versal of the entire matter, if language means anything, for the truth is that King is a Sabbath-keeper, according to the strict injunction of the commandment, " The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord," but he has been convicted of 'Sunday-break-ing. It was through the very faCt that King was a Sabbath-keeper that the neces-sities of six days' weekly toil made hirn a Sunday-breaker. The name "Sabbath-keepers " is the distinguishing title of the  denomination to which King belongs, and for Sabbath-breaking he would be dropped from the church rolls. This heralding a man to the world as guilty of that very sin which the title, even, of the denomina-tion to which he belongs, his religious pro-fession and public acts, and the entire sub-ject matter of his trial, proves conclusively that he was not guilty of, is an example of perversion of language equaled only by the perversion of legal principles, and their false application, through which he was convicted. Is Religious Freedom a Civil or Consti-tutional Right in the United States? IN further notice of Judge Hammond's decision, we find the following :Š By a sort of factitious advantage, the observers of Sunday have secured the aid of the civil law, and adhere to that advantage with great tenacity, in spite of the clamor for religious freedom, and the progress that has been made in the absolute separation of Church and State. . . . And the efforts to extirpate the advantage above men-tioned by judicial decision in favor of a civil right to disregard the change, seem to me quite useless. The proper appeal is to the Legislature. For the courts cannot change that which has been done, however done, by the civil law in favor of the Sun-day observers. This passage is in perfect harmony with the extracts which have been made pre-viously and discussed in these columns. It justifies, the believers in any religious observance in securing control of legis-lation, and in compelling all others to conform to such religious observance, and denies dissenters any appeal, refuge, or resource, other than to do as the op-pressors are already doing. That is, by political means to turn the tables, and themselves become the oppressors. It completely ignores, if 'it does not specific-ally deny, any such thing as the individ-ual right of religiouS belief or of Con-science. The Judge states quite plainly a truth upon which'THu Siti4*.r/44t.  has always in-Sisted,, and which We, have'endeaVOred to make Plain to, all; that is, thatthe Sun-day pbserver.i have secured the aid of the civil law, and adhere to that advantage in spite of the clamor for religious free-dom, and in spite of the progress which has been made in the absolute separation of Church and State. We have shown over and over again, and have demon-strated by every proof pertinent to the subject, that the American principle of government is the absolute separation of religion and the State, and that therefore Sunday legislation to any extent whatever is directly opposed to American principles, not only in the abstract, but as specific-ally defined in the Constitution of the United States, and in the Constitutions of the several States following this example. We have shown, not only according to the fundamental American principle, but according to the principles and express declarations of Christianity, that relig-ious freedom is the inalienable right of every individual, and that therefore Sun-day legislation is not only contrary to American principles, but to the principles and precepts of Christianity itself. And we have abundantly shown that although all this be true, yet the Sunday observers, in utter disregard of the lessons- of the whole history of the Christian era; in spite of the principles of the Declaration of Independence and the precepts of the United States Constitution; in defiance of the Christianity which they profess; and in face of the direct statements of Jesus Christ; have not only fastened the iniquitous practice upon almost all the States, but are doing their utmost to turn the national Government and laws also into the same evil tide. To expose this practice, and the essential evil of the practice, has been the work.  Of THE AMERICAN SENTINEL from the first day of its existence. Our, work has been sneered at. Our opposition to the thing has been counted as fighting a man of straw. Our warnings have been counted as but bugaboo cries. And all this because of "the great enlightenment of this progres-sive age." And'now the proofs, the warn-ings, and the position; of THE SENTINEL stand completely confirmed from a judi- 