AMP Ł ;''t10011 384 TIE AIVIERIC,`AN SENTINEL. VoL. E, No. 48. NEW YORK, DECEMBER 10, 1891. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari able rule to, send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. WE clip the following from a late issue of a Texas exchange: " Governor Hogg notified the County Attorney here to en-force the Sunday-closing and gambling laws, and as a consequence every saloon in the city was closed to-day, for the first time in the history of El Paso, the Monte Carlo of the West. The public gambling houses, however, did business, and made no pre-tense of closing." AT the earliest opportunity a grand effort is to be made to secure the passage of a Sunday law in California. Even now plans are being laid for this. The civil Sabbath advocates insist that civil law is essential to the preservation of the work-ingman's rest day. The growth of Sun-day rest in California in the absence of a Sunday law is a complete refutation of this argument in favor of " civil Sab-bath"; hence the anxiety to secure as soon as possible the passage of a Sunday law in that State. The drift is now toward more general rest on Sunday. Now if they can only secure a Sunday law they can in a year or two claim that the im-provement is due to the law. THE following editorial outburst of politico-religious rhapsody is from the Mail and Express:Š Hisses are something new For Chauncey M. Depew. They occurred last night, Sunday, at the Acad-emy of Music, at a meeting calledŠ to worship God ? No; " to honor and glorify Parnell," who despised and fought God to the utmost of his puny might. Was there no other night in the week that could be taken for this sacrilege ? No. Hence these deserved hisses. The literary style of this makes it worthy of being placed in the chorus of an ode to Sunday observance, composed by the Colonel of the Sabbath Union army. A CORRESPONDENT of the United Pres-byterian, describing a late meeting in Kansas City, says:Š On last Sabbath, the third of a series of meetings was held in the-interest of Sabbath observance, but the attendance was light, and the speaking lighter. Some of the speakers severely criticised the ministers for not giving sufficient prominence to the Sabbath question in their sermons. One man, a member of one of the largest churches, who claimed for himself prominence in all efforts  for sanctity of the Sabbath, said he had never heard his pastor preach on this subject. This man how-ever, "gave himself away" as a Sabbath reformer, when he told us of some horrible things he had seen in that morning's Sunday paper. This is a mistake; this man was no worse than his fellows. The " Sabbath reformer " is a man who agitates for laws placing restrictions upon other people; never upon himself. THE Christian Union, under the head " Close it on Sunday," expresses its views on the Sunday closing at the World's Fair, and says in reference to the legal enforcement of Sunday as a weekly rest day:Š The German Socialists are beginning to demand it, not as a day consecrated to worship, but as a day reserved for rest. A like demand is heard in whispers even in France. Here is a ground on which the religious and unreligious can and do meet. The worshiper wishes that law should preserve the quiet of the day that he may not be deprived of his rest-day by an employer or by a competition equally compulsory. Closing the Columbian Ex-position on Sunday will be a national recognition of the double demand; opening it on Sunday will be as distinctly a repudiation of this demand. Can God, Mammon, and Satan join in a triple partnership to secure the mutual observance of the Sabbath ? There is a fatal inconsistency in such a supposition as this. Will the Christian recognize, or repudiate, a demand which purports to come from an alliance so obviously im-possible ? REV. DR. THOMPSON, Pacific Coast Sec-retary of the American Sabbath Union, was in Seattle, not long since, and in an address on the Sunday question, said:Š French people are undoubtedly the most wicked in the world. The reason is they have no Sabbath. Soon we will have no Sabbath here. Even now we have seven-day newspapers, which transgress and desecrate our Sabbath with impunity. It was bad enough when we had them six days in the week, but now these seven-day issues are sacrilegious. The only way we can stop this Sunday desecration is by combining all the churches in one society. "What in the name of sense," asks an exchange, " does Dr. Thompson mean when he says, ' it was bad enough when we had newspapers six days in the week?' Does he contemplate a suppression of all the newspapers and a return to the good old times when priests were the only re-positories and disseminators of informa-tionŠthose times called the Dark Ages ? It looks that way." THE Baltimore Baltimore correspondent of the Examiner, writes at some length of the last effort made by the Grand Jury of Baltimore, to revive the Sunday laws of that city, and says :Š There is a symptom of returning righteousness in the enforcement of the Sunday law. The Min-isterial Union of Baltimore raised its voice and cried aloud, recently, against negligent grand juries and a conniving police force, and pledged its support to the State Sabbath Association. Strange as it may seem, the desired effect was pro-duced, and for a few weeks arrests and indict- ments have been numerous. Whether all this righteous indignation so suddenly aroused is a a symptom of an improved moral sense, or a mere passing spasm, is a question of the future. So this correspondent thinks that the enforcement of the statute laws of Mary-land forbidding bodily labor, buying and selling, keeping open places of amuse-ment, hunting and fishing, or dredging for oysters, on Sunday, the first day of the week, is an evidence of conformity, by the corporate soul of the city of Balti-more, to the divine law of Sabbath rest on the seventh day. Numerous arrests and indictments are proof positive, to his mind, of an awakening of the ancient and composite conscience of the civic Lady Baltimore. This misapplication of the legal theory of the corporate personality of a municipal or other corporation, in civil affairs, to spiritual and religious re-sponsibilities is the characteristic intel-lectual unsoundness of the age. By religious fiction the_ sacredness of the seventh day has been transferred to the first, and the burden of preserving its sanctity and maintaining righteous-ness, laid upon the shoulders of civil law; by an unwarranted spiritualizing of a legal fiction, applicable only to human affairs, a civic ghost is materialized. The offspring of these personified fictions is an illegal monstrosity. ALTHOUGH the Signs of the Times has doubled in size, publishing a sixteen page in the place of an eight page paper, it has not increased its subscription price cor-respondingly. Its terms are, for single copy, one year, $1.50. In clubs of ten or more copies to one address, $1.25. Ad-dress Signs of the Times, Oakland, Cal. WE have received a copy of the Song Friend, a monthly magazine devoted to music, and practical suggestions to mu-sical students. It will prove a help to this class; and entertaining reading to any one at all interested in the art. It is published by S. W. Straub &. Co., 243 State St., Chicago. The subscription price is $1.00. A LARGE number of subscriptions to THE SENTINEL expire during the month of December. Please notice the date on your address label and renew your sub-scription in good time. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1 00 In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75e, To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 55. Address AMERICAN SENTINEL, - 48 Bond Street, New York. 