AMERICAN SENTINEL, 459 Hence a Sabbath law is, in its very, nature, a thing which has no business outside the province of religion, and therefore no proper place upon any of the statute books of civil government. The " Calf Path " Reviewed. BY MRS. HENRIETTA REAMS. THE CALF PATH. ONE day through the primeval wood, A calf walked home, as good calves should, But made a trail, all bent askewŠ A crooked trail, as all calves do. Since then two hundred years have fled, And I infer the calf is dead; But still he left behind his trail, And thereby hangs my moral tale. The trail was taken up next day By a lone dog that passed that way; And then a wise bell-wether sheep, Pursued the trail o'er vale and steep, And drew the flock behind him too, As good bell-wethers always do. And from that day, o'er hill and glade, Through those old woods a path was made, And many men wound in and out And dodged and turned and bent about, And uttered words of righteous wrath Because 'twas such a crooked path; But still they followedŠdo not laugh, The first migration of thatlalf ; And through this winding wood-way stalked, Because he wobbled as he walked. This forest path became a lane That bent and turned and turned again. This crooked lane became a road Where many a poor horse with his load Toiled on beneath the burning sun, And traveled some three miles in one; And thus a century and a half They trod the footsteps of that calf. The years passed on in swiftness fleet; The road became a village street, And this, before men were aware, A city's crowded thoroughfare And soon the central street was this Of a renowned metropolis; And men two centuries and a half Trod in the footsteps of that calf; Each day a hundred thousand rout Followed the zigzag calf about, Ind o'er his crooked journey went The traffic of a continent; A hundred thousand men were led By one calf near three centuries dead; They followed still his crooked way And lost a hundred miles a day, For thus such reverence is lent To well-established precedent. A moral lesson this might teach Were I ordained and called to preach, For men are prone to go it blind Along the calf paths of the mind, And work away from sun to sun To do what other men have done; They follow in the beaten track And out and in and forth and back, And still their devious course pursue To keep the path the others do. But how the wise old wood-gods laugh, Who saw the first primeval call! Ah ! many things this tale might teach But I am not ordained to preach. ŠSam W. This parable of the "calf path" is a telling and truth-ful one, and worthy of more serious thought than the humorous spirit of the poem is likely to inspire. It haŁs ever been the policy of the DeCeiver to make a jest of the vital issues of life, and, by holding up a ludi-crous phase of truth, banish all serious reflections and convictions. Nevertheless, there is illustrated in this satire a Jaw of nature as fatal to faith in God as our fallen nature and the author of the first crooked path" can make it. THE " CALF PATHS " OP THE There is a well-known psychological fact known as the law of habit, which may be simply stated thusŠ Every time we think, feel or act in a certain direction, there is created by that thought, feeling or action a tend-dency to think, feel or act in the same direction again. Every time we think, feel or act over that line it becomes easier to do so, until eventually, that which at first re-quired an effort, we do mechanically without any effort of the will or intelligence. The first thought or feeling cut out a channel or groove, as it were, which becomes the "trail," to use the figure, of all our future thoughts and feelings on that sub-ject, until sme new conviction cats out a new channel and alters the course of our thought path; and even then our thoughts and actions often involuntarily takeŁ the old path fuom sheer force of habit. This is, in brief, the key-note to all established human custom, law, usage, tradition and philosophy. THE " CALF PATHS " OF TRADITION. Away back at the fountain heads and springs of the human race, the ancestral fathers, heroes, and leaders of the several races set forgenerations to come thecustoms, usages and traditions which haveconstituted the peculiar characteristics of that race, nation, tribe, clan or family, from time immemorial. Whatever were their peculiar conceptions of propriety, hospitality, civility, utility or devotion, they passed from being confirmed personal habits to family customs and usage, and ultimately became the written or unwritten laws of etiquette, government and religion of the tribe, clan or nation. However much they may have become expanded, modified or.embellished, or degenerated in their Foss. 