522 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Kist set up." If they forbid the worship of the true God, all, like Daniel of old, may fearlessly continue to worship him. If they require the observance of some other day as the Sabbath than the one ordained by God, all have a right to disregard such requirement, and to keep the day divinely set apart and blessed. Nay, more; it is the duty of all to do so. The Authority for Sunday. IT is not often that the advocates of Sunday rest feel called upon to bring forth out of its obscurity the Script. ural authority for Sunday, being for the most part con-tent to rest upon the assumption that the day so gener-ally observed throughout the Christian world must be the Scriptural Sabbath. Occasionally, however. the disem-bodied spirit, as it were, of Sunday authority is called upon to materialize, for the edification of its adherents and the discomfiture of those who believe in the day set apart by the Creator. The results obtained are not always satis-factory to the former. One occasion of this kind is reported from Ellis Mound, Ill. Two members of the Missionary Baptist church at that place, Messrs. Denson and Atteberry, by name, were put on trial for heresy, in having "gone off with the Advents." The former is an adult, possessing a good knowledge of the Scriptures and ability as a speaker and writer, while the latter is a youth of sixteen years, who at the time of his trial had been studying the Bible only a few weeks. Accordingly, Mr. Denson's case was dis-posed of by simply calling upon him to state whether he kept Saturday or Sunday, after which he was expelled from the church by a vote,Šonly four voting out of a membership of one hundred and twenty. The considera-tion of young Mr. Atteberry's case, however, was deemed a fitting opportunity to "expose the fallacy of the sev-enth-day theory," which the pastor of the church, or "moderator," proceeded to do, as follows:Š Moderator.Š"Willie, did you ever work on the first day of the week, the Lord's day?" Willie.Š"I have worked on the first day of the week." Mod.Š(After expressing some regret and making some further remarks) "Willie, don't you believe the Saviour rose from the grave on the first day of the week?" Willie.Š"Yes." Mod.Š"Did he not meet with his disciples on the same day?" " Mod.--"If they met for worship on the first day of the week, should we not do the same?" Willie.Š"They didn't meet for worship." Mod.Š"Then what did they meet for?" Willie.Š(Quotes from the— Bible) "They were assem-bled , the doors being shut for fear of the Jews," (Laughter at the moderator's expense.) Mod.Š"Did not Paul meet with the church at Troas and break bread on the first day of the week?" Willie.Š(After opening Bible and reading from Acts 2:46) "If breaking bread makes a day sacred, then all days are sacred." Mod.Š"There; that will do. Sit down. As I said before, we don't want to discuss this subject. I only ask these few questions to show the fallacy of the seventh-day theory. Sit down." (Mr. Atteberry's case was laid over for further consideration.) Those in the audience who were not entirely satisfied with this materialization of evidence for Sunday's claims, could reflect for eheir consolation that this; was but a small part of the evidence that might have been given,Šthat there was much more that might have been brought out, just as good as this ! - ¨ -4- TEM Czar, or rather, the church authorities by whop. the Czar is controlled, have taken the matter of Sunday rest in hand, and advices from St. Petersburg report him as "promulgating a decree prohibiting under severe penalty any form of labor on Sunday or on the fourteen principal Russian feast-days." The Greek Catholic church, like the Roman Catholic, understands that Sun-day, as a religious day, rests upon precisely the same authority as do the other feastŁdays of the church. The authority for one and all is church authority, and noth-ing more. Should They Not Be Ashamed? BY C. F. ADAMS. , "Now in the first year of Cyrus, king of Persia, that the word of the Lord by the mouth of Jeremiah might be fulfilled, the Lord stirred up the spirit of Cyrus, king of Persia, that he made a proclamation throughout all his kingdom, and put it also into writing." The proclama-tion that he made was for the restoration and rebuilding of Jerusalem. (At the time mentioned, the Jewish nation was subject to the Medo-Persian kingdom.) Upon Ezra, the priest, rested the burden of this work. When they had chosen from all the tribes of Israel, men fit for the work, and all was ready for their journey to Jerusalem, "then," writes Ezra, "I proclaimed a fast there, at the river of Ahava, that we might afflict our-selves before our God, to seek of him a right way for us, and for our little ones, and for all our substance. For I was ashamed to require of the king a band of soldiers and horsemen to help us against the enemy in the way: because we had spoken to the king saying, The hand of our God is upon all them for good that seek him; but his power and his wrath is against them that forsake him. So we fasted and besought our God for this; and he was intreated of us," The principles of the gospel have been always the same. The people of God back in that day professed to 