370 AMERICAN-  SENTINEL. God has never been allowed by his professed people to reveal himself to the world as he really is. His Church has always been too willing to "be reckoned among the nations," too willing to be "like all the nations." She has always been too willing to be joined to the State, to be a part of the State, to have religion a matter of State andgovernment, "like all thenations." And so it is with the church in all the world to-day. " `Like all the nations.'ŠThe Israelites did not real-ize that to be in this respect unlike other nations was a special privilege and blessing. God had separated the Israelites from every other people to make theni his own peculiar treasure. But they, disregarding this high honor, eagerly desired to imitate the example of the heathen. "And still the longing to conform to worldly cus-toms and practices exists among the professed people of God. As they depart from the Lord they become ambi-tious for the gains and honors of the world. Christians are constantly seeking to imitate the practices of those who worship the god of this world. Many urge that by uniting with worldlings and conforming to their customs, they might exert a stronger influence over the ungodly. "But all who pursue this course thereby separate from the Source of their strength. Becoming the friends of the world, they are the enemies of God. For the sake of earthly distinction they sacrifice the unspeakable honor to which God has called them, of showing forth the praises of him who hath called us out of darkness into his marvelous light. "The days of Israel's greatest prosperity were those in which they acknowledged Jehovah as their KingŠwhen the laws and government which he had established were regarded as superior to those of all other nations." And such will be the days of any people's greatest pros-perity. God's laws, just as they stand, without any reenact-ment, without any adding to or diminishing from, are superior to all other laws. His government, adminis_ tered by himself through the operation of his own eternal Spirit, is superior to every other government. But how shall the people know this, who know not God, so long as his own people will not have it so? How shall the nations know this, when his own professed church will not recognize it or have it so? Instead of holding fast God's laws and government as superior to those of all States and nations, the pro-fessed people of God consider that they must enter the politics and shape the policies, that they must tinker the laws and manipulate the governments, of the States and nations of the world. Instead of magnifying God's laws and government before all the world, as superior to the laws and govern-ments of all the nations, and showing unswerving allegi-ance to them as such, the professed churches of God seek to bring down from their superior place the laws and government of God, and mix them up with the laws and  governments of all the nations in an unseemly and un-godly union of religion and the State. And thus the professed churches of God, the young peoples' societies and leagues of Christian EndeavorŠall the combined church elements of the landŠare following directly in the track of the church of ancient Israel : they will not dwell alone; they will be reckoned among the nations; they will be like all the nations; they will join themselves to the State; they will form a union of reli-gion and the State; they will reject God, that he should not reign over them. That Elusive Prosperity. As the weeks go by it becomes more and more evident that the prosperity promised upon the inauguration of a. new political administration at the seat of national gov-ernment, is endowed with the elusiveness of a phantom. President McKinley tells the people to wait and be pa-tient, and the wisdom of patience under the pressure of trials cannot be denied; but very many of the people, and among them some erstwhile staunch supporters or the administration, have arrived at the conclusion that patience, however good in the abstract, has ceased to be a virtue as regards the regime which now prevails in, our State and national governments. And there are ominous signs that ere long they will be ready to resort to desperate measures to 'obtain the needed relief. There come reports from Western Pennsylvania that. a vast army of starving menŠthe underpaid operatives. in mines and millsŠare planning an uprising which will be marked by bloodshed and conflagration. In many other parts of the country the industrial conditions are such as to invite an imitation of their example. It is. human nature to seek to find relief from the injuries it re-ceives, in an outbreak of human passion. This will bring ruin and more misery, but not prosperity to the commu-nity which it affects. The passions of human nature are at the bottom of all the trouble to-day. Ł While factories are shutting down and wages are being-reduced on every side, while the resources of the laborerŁ are dwindling and the ranks of the idle and destitute are-being augmented, the coal trust is advancing the price or coal, and the beef trust is advancing the price of meat. And the only reason the price of everything else that is necessary to existence is not advancing, and that we do- not have to pay for air and sunlight, is that in the wisdom of the Creator the circumstances governing their produc.L tion were so ordained as to secure the most of them, against manipulation by a trust. High tariff and low tariff, bimetalism or a gold stand-ard, may cause industrial disturbance and depression, as-the country is made to shift from one to the other; but the country can in time adjust itself to the situationŁ  which results merely from a political policy. But the happiness and prosperity of the people can never be ad-justed to the greed and selfishness which seek to turn the 