AMERICAN SENTINEL. 757 take action in the matter. Of the visit of this dele-gation he says:Š "I have seldom been present at a more interesting gathering. The Bishop of London expressed the feelings of the Established Church against the movement; Mr. Price Hughes spoke for Nonconformity; Mr. John Burns, for labor; and Mr. Cohen, a well-known member of the Jewish community, for his own co-religionists. "Mr. Burns's speech was, perhaps, the most interest_ ing of all. He is a well-known agnostic, but he pleaded with passionate energy for the preservation of the Sun-day, as a question of supreme value to the workman and his family. "He poured well-merited scorn on the 'theory that any other day in the week would be an equivalent for the Sunday, impressing the Home Secretary with the -fact that this is the only day in the week on which the father of the family with his wife and children can possibly meet together for that intercourse which is essential to the preservation of family life, on which our national prosperity depends." Still other measures of opposition were being devised, when suddenly the Mail, not caring to face such opposi-tion, announced that its Sunday issue would cease; and the Telegraph, a few days later, followed suit. The pub_ Fishers, no doubt, came to the conclusion that a Sunday issue could not under such circumstances be made to payŁ It is worthy of note that the the " most interesting" of the speeches made to the Home Secretary was that of John Burns, "a well-known agnostic." People who have opposed the Sunday laws in America as being un-christian and unamerican, have been scornfully classed with atheists by their religious opponents who were pushing forward such measures; but here is an instance where atheists and the friends of Sunday stand together. Sunday adherents do not object to standing with athe-ists when the latter will speak a word for Sunday rest.  The great trouble with the arguments of Mr. Burns and all the rest against allowing Sunday labor, is that the Almighty has legislated on the subject of Sabbath observance, and that His legislation has never been re-peated, and is binding on all men to-day. Sabbath observance is therefore a duty owed to God, and in the sphere of duty toward God the civil authority has no rightful place. That is the sphere of conscience, and the conscience must be free. The inevitable result of civil authority in this sphere is an attempt to force the conscience, and all such attempts only represent relig-ious tyranny and opposition to the purposes of God. THE Austrian government has excluded from the mails a correspondence card prepared by Austrian Protestants, bearing these words:Š "The Roman Catholic Church has poisoned Austria. If we had had the gospel during the past two hundred years we would be the leading people, of Germany. Now there is nothing left us except our abilities in music and the Concordat." Apologists for Slavery and Polygamy. THE apologies that are being put forth in this coun-try in behalf of slavery and polygamy, now that these-institutions are known to exist in lands subject to the-jurisdiction of the United States, would be amusing if they did not relate to a serious matter. Here, for ex-ample, are some statements from an article contributed to The Independent, on "Slavery and Polygamy in the-Sulu Archipelago," by E. M. Andre, Belgian consul at Manila:Š "The slavery which exists on the islands is so differ-ent from that which Americans were accustomed to in the South before the war of the rebellion, that it de-serves another term to define it. A Moro chief who-owns slaves is more like a master who has hired a dozen or two mechanics or laborers by the year to work his place. He has no rights over them, except to see that-they work for him, for which he in turn must give them proper food, clothing, shelter, and protection. He has no right to sell them as a man would his cattle, nor are--there any slave marts such as were found in this coun-try half a century ago." (Italics ours.) It is confessed in this that the Sulu slave owner has a "right," "to see that they [his slaves] work for him." In other words, he has a "right" to force certain other-people of the island to work for him. But the Constitu-tion says, "Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except as a punishment for crime, whereof the party-shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within they United States, or any place subject to their jurisdic-tion." (Italics ours.) That it is a different slavery in some respects from that formerly practised in America, may be true enough; but that is not the point. The point is, that it is di-rectly contrary to the Constitution; and that an insti-tution which is in violation of this fundamental law, and of natural rights, and that has been made doubly odious by the most terrible of civil wars, is now toler---ated by the Government, and apologized for in the pub-lic press, of this country. Mr. Andre goes on to show that it would be practi-cally impossible to abolish this Sulu slavery; a law pro-hibiting it "would not change matters materially," etc. But this if it is so, constitutes no reason for setting-aside the Constitution of the United States. Of polygamy in this new American possession the writer speaks thus:Š "Polygamy is not as active an institution as some - are led to believe. Among the poor it is rarely prac-tised, and the chief incentive among the chiefs is for per-petuating their rule and authority. If no children are-born by the first wife, the chief takes another in orderŁ- that the authority will stay in his family. He does not put away his first wife, but frequently recognizes her-only as his lawful wife. Again, it is the one who bearsŁ him children which he practically acknowledges. There--are no harems such as you find in Turkey and other- 