94 THE A_MERICAN SENTINEL. A Deserved Tribute. THE Mail and Empress pays the follow-ing deserved tribute to the Constitution of the United States :Š The founders of our Government knew how li-able power is to wax into tyranny, and there is, therefore, nothing in our national Constitution in which we see such wisdom and consummate states-manship as in the numerous checks provided for this dangerous tendency in human government. The Constitution of the United States is the most wonderful work of human wisdom and prudence extant. It was framed by the master minds of the country. In it we see the patriotism of Washington, the comprehensiveness of Hamilton, the sagacity of Franklin, and the loyalty and love of liberty of all those splendid heroes who fought and struggled and suf-fered for our national independence. In it we see a free representation and mutual checks. We see the legislative authority lodged in three distinct branches and properly balanced. The executive authority is divided between two branches, and the judicial authority is reserved for an independent body, who hold their office during good behavior. In it we- have secured to us those sacred rights handed down with Magna Charta, and the due and salutary conservation of the mutual rights between the governed and the governing. In it the clashing interests of the States are so exquisitely adjusted and nicely balanced that the rights of all are recognized. The Constitution is a compromise into which all the States have entered, and involves mutual sacrifices and forbearance. The peace and prosperity, the very existence of the Nation depend upon the fidelity of the States to the Ł Federal Constitution. This is remarkable, coming, as it does, from a paper of decided National Reform tendencies. Tax Them. A CIRCULAR reaches us from a far Eastern State, with this heading, " Shall Church Property be Taxed ?" We answer emphatically, Yes ! It should be taxed equally with all other property. Either all property should be taxed or none should be. The Church has no rightful claim to special favors from the State, but is an institution that can and should bear an equitable share of the burden of taxa-tion. It is not the business of the State to look after the Church, further than to give it the same protection extended to all other institutionsŠno more, no less. If the-  Church cannot exist without the aid -of the State, that is entirely its own affair, and no concern of the State's. The Church is, or ought to be, purely a religious insti-. tution, voluntarily supported by those who accept its tenets or beliefs, or not at all. The State is, -or ought to be, purely a secular institution, existing solely to preserve civil and national rights, liberty, equity, and justice, and extending equal protection to all, but favors to none: In so far as a portion of the property in a community is exempted from taxation, by just that much is the taxation of the remainder increased, and this is neither right nor just. . . All-over this country there are wealthy religious associations. Whose vast property is safe from the touch of the tax-gatherer. All over this country are humble homes ready to be sold for taxes. The bronze doors of Trinity Church in New York City, presented to it by William Waldorf Astor, are alone worth $100,000, yet it pays no taxes. Another*  church edifice has one window worth $50,000. These associations are able to pay their preachers from $5,000 to $25,000 a year, yet their property bears no share of the tax burden. Not far away are the homes of hundreds of workingmen and poor people, whose humble property is taxed to the full limit, and whose share of the public ex-pense is proportionately greater because the magnificent possessions of favored in-stitutions go free. Surely there are few who cannot see the injustice of this.ŠPhelps County Herald, Bertrand, Neb. A Fraud. THE " civil Sabbath " plea is a fraud, and of it may be said, as President Lin-coln once said of another matter, " You may fool some of the people all of the time, and all of the people some of the time, but you can't fool all of the people all the time." I venture to say that if the American Sabbath Union directed its ef-forts toward securing an absolute enforce-ment of the Sunday laws now on the statute books of the States, instead of try-ing to obtain more laws, the American people would rise in their might, repeal the Sunday laws as they did in California in 1883, and down this organization with its civil Sabbath nonsense, its sophistries and its pretensions for the good of the working-men. These so-called Sabbath reformers, with awakened sympathies for the labor-ing classes, should turn their attention to the poor seamstresses, who, sixteen hours a day, for six, if not seven days a week, are, for a pittance, pricking the blood out of their bony fingers and driving hope out of their hearts. Let them attempt re-forms that will mitigate the oppression of the industrial classes six days in the week, before they blame us for generally be-lieving, as we now do, that it is power to coerce the observance of a traditional holi-day, rather than the good- of the working-man, that they desire. ŠRev . H. B . Maurer, Baptist. Ł Proper Sunday Observance. THE Catholic Review has the following upon proper Sunday observance :Š There are two ways of keeping Sunday. One is rational. The other is irrational. The irrational one assumes that every man, woman, and child, has a home in which,, surrounded by books, pictures, emblems of religion, ample comfort of mind and body, it is at once dutiful and delightful to spend Sunday, crossing its threshold only to go to church. No more absurd idea can be conceived: Every great American city,  population contains say ten per cent. of church, goers ; and all the rest ,of the peo-ple have ways of living that are modified by moral standards, educational advantages, social needs and actual necessities. In all great American cities there is a vast element every year growing more numerous, without homes whose ways of vending  Sunday are made inevitable by the conditions that surround their individual relation to society. For these, saloons are open. In some Rides nothing else is open, except churches which they will not enter. Is it humane, is it sagacious, is it in the interest of true American progress, to exclude these from art galleries and the reading rooms of libraries, from museums and lectures, from music, and conversation with their fellow-men under dignified and uplifting surroundings? Of the World's Fair the Review says :Š So far as the visitors to the Fair in Chicago are concerned, it must be remembered that it will afford to wage workers an unparalleled opportunity for comparison and reflection. . . . Will they be worse morally, intellectually, socially, for having spent part of Sunday in such precincts instead of all of it or most of it in saloons ? It is possible to settle the question of Sunday opening reasonably. Why shall not the educational exhibitions be open Sunday afternoons ? We quote these paragraphs merely to show that even among Christians there is a very wide difference of opinion upon the question of Sunday closing of the Fair. The majority of Protestant Christians de-mand that it shall be closed on Sunday. Probably a majority of Catholics agree with the view expressed by the Catholic Review, while the great mass of non-professors of Christianity are decidedly in favor of Sunday opening. It follows that the unqualified demand for Sunday closing is nothing less than a demand that the Fair shall be run according to distinctively Protestant ideas, and in the interests of popular Protestant Christianity. Still Something to Do. THE Bosque County, Texas, Farmers' Alliance, at its January meeting, adopted the following preamble and resolution :Š WHEREAS, The National Farmers' Alliance at its recent session at Ocala, Florida, adopted a resolution requesting the closing of the Columbian Exposition on Sunday, or as it was termed the "American Sabbath " ; and WHEREAS, Governmental interference in the in-terests of any particular creed or religion is an abridgment of the untrammeled exercises of re-ligious preferences and religious liberty guaranteed by the Constitution of the United States, and there-fore an infringement of a cardinal feature; and WHEREAS, Our order being strictly non-sectarian, should take no stand discriminating either for or against any particular religious tenet; and WHEREAS, If the request were granted thousands of toilers living in or near Chicago would be denied admission on the only day of the week in which they would have time to visit this ennobling institution; Resolved, That:we deprecate this hasty and ill-considered step toward the restriction of individual freedom of conscience, and earnestly request our Supreme Council to reconsider its action. We are glad to record the fact of the adoption of this resolution, as it shows that so-called National Reform has some-thing to do before it can dominate the whole Farmers' Alliance. Ł Ł- DIONYSIUS says, " the love of liberty is implanted by nature in the breasts of all men." Patrick Henry gave vent to that nature when he said, " Give me liberty or give me death I "ŠInciepertdent Patriot. 