90 A.1011Ma1fCA.N.  S]EIVIPINTEr, VoL. 11, No. 12. there were twenty-six millions of people of the laboring classes, and upon them rested the burden of supporting themselves, the, privi-leged classes, and the government. They were taxed without mercy, while the nobles and clergy were exempt. As a straw showing which way the wind is blowing, it is worthy of note that a bill has been recently introduced into the New York legislature, which provides for exempting from taxation " the personal property of every minister of the gospel, or priest of any de-nomination, or every such minister or priest who is permanently disabled by impaired health from performing the active duties of the ministry, and every such minister or priest who has reached the age of seventy-five years; and the real estate of such minister or priest or such disabled or aged minister or priest, provided such real or personal estate do not exceed the value of one thousand five hundred dollars." The parallel is being even more rapidly drawn with respect to the theory of govern-ment. Of the epoch which ushered in the Revolution, the historian says : " At this epoch nearly the whole activity of France was dis-played in the government. The government was everything. It was meant to be so. The doctrines of paternalism in the State were completely triumphant. The theory reduced to a formula ran thus: It is the dutyŠthe businessŠof the State to teach men what things to do, and of the Church to teach them what things to believe. As for man, it is his business to be governed. That isŠand wasŠthe object of his creation. He must receive with unquestioning simplicity and obedience whatever is doled out to him by the noble and the priest to whom his management, his interests, his destiny, in this world are en-trusted." There was in such a system no development of manhood, no formation of stable character, no quickening of the conscience. The moral nature was dwarfed; all the better impulses of human nature were palsied; hate and malig-nity were engendered; and the scenes de-picted in our illustration were only the ' inevitable result when once restraint was thrown off. To-day, in our own land, the doctrine of paternalism is fast displacing the theory of government espoused by the founders of the Republic. The sphere of individualism has been contracted to very narrow limits. Men are taught that their first duty to the State is obedience to the law, whether the law be good or bad; they are taught to set "law" above justice, thus virtually ignoring their prerogative of self-government, which asserts that they are free from obligation to any form of legalized wrong. The Church, with all her religious allies, has entered the arena of politics, and assumes the right to dictate, the law for nation, State, and city. The Church -and the aristocracy of wealth, control the government; and the peopleŠthe mere toilers and producersŠexist to be governed and to pay the taxes. The doctrine of individual inalienable rights is relegated to the background; the scheme of government has been transferred from the basis of individual rights, recognized by the Declaration of Independence, to the unde-finable one of the " best good of the ma-jority." And the clergy and the " nobles," the " better classes," speak for the major-ity. The French Revolution was a struggle for the mastery between the privileged classes and the people. " It was," says Ridpath, "sim-ply a revolt, an insurrection of the emanci-pated mind of France against the tyranny of  her social, civil and religious institutionsŠa rebellion of man against his mastersŠa strug-gle of the human spirit to break an intolerable thralldom which had been imposed upon it by the past." The spirit of self-exaltation, making unscrupulous use of the power per-taining to wealth and station, had made the multitudes slaves both in soul and body, to human taskmasters. It had bound them in the chains of both a civil and a spiritual tyr-anny. And when the spirit of liberty in the breasts of the downtrodden asserted itself and burst those chains, the popular demonstrations against the Church and religion were as nat-ural as were those against the nobles and royalty. The atheism of the French Revolution was the legitimate fruit of the spiritual despotism imposed upon the people by the Papacy. Ł In the papal system, the spirit of self-exaltation finds its fullest and most conspicuous embod-iment. By it a mortal man, under the name of pope, is exalted to the place of God, while other fallible mortals, such as cardinals, bish-ops, and priests, are held up to their fellow-mortals as invested with the authority and prerogatives of God. And when man is put in the place of God, the result is always a spiritual tyranny. It cannot possibly be otherwise; for the power and wisdom of man cannot rise to the level of divinity. " Where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty; "2  but the spirit of man cannot give liberty in the religious life. The despotism breeds re-volt; and revolt, when directed against relig-ion, naturally manifests itself in atheism. The papal religion is full of the seeds of this baleful fruit. " The religion of the French Revolution," says Prof. Goldwin Smith, " was a State church which, deserted by the convictions of the people, but retaining their outward alle-giance, reduced them to hypocrisy and to atheism." There is nothing in Christianity that tends to the violence, of revolution. The revolution accomplished by Christianity is the revolution of the individual. Christianity means free-dom through the Spirit and power of God; and having this soul freedom, men are more desirous of imparting the same blessing to others than of laying violent hands upon the fabric of government. They seek to promote the welfare of themselves and of mankind through the uplifting power of the gospel of Christ, rather than by the violence of carnal warfare; and while conducting themselves at all times as the champions of the cause of humanity and the rights of the people, will if possible, follow after the things which make for peace. Had the people of France known the free-dom of the gospel instead of the despotism of the Papacy, the terrible scenes of the French Revolution would never have been. But the seeds of atheism, and of resistance to the restraints of both God and man, had been sown by a religion which put man in the place of God, tradition and dogma in the place of God's word, and the law of man in the place of conscience. The prevailing con-ditions gave opportunity for its perfect devel-opment, and the world shuddered at the har- vest. But the lesson was not sufficiently understood and appropriated by mankind. And now, in these United States, as well as elsewhere in the civilized world, the same in- fluences are at work to bring man into a posi- tion where they will be ready to make a like mad and blind effort to reform government and society, and realize the good to which they feel they have a birthright claim. But 2  2 Cor. 3:17. the hope of mankind lies in the divinely-re-vealed assurance that the Author of liberty and of every blessing is about to take the af-fairs of earth into his own hands, to root out of it all things that are evil, and to usher his righteous people into the eternal era of hap-piness and peace. THE HARMONY(?) OF ERROR. THE following extracts from " Our Mail Bag," in the Christian Herald and Signs of Our Times, the first under date of Aug. 1, 1894, the other under date of June 5, 1895, afford an excellent illustration of the har-mony(?) of error:Š Fannie E. Crewe, Mass. Is there any command given after the resur-rection of Christ to keep Sunday or any day holy ? The New Testament does not mention any explicit command being given after the resurrection. From the early Christian writers we learn that the observance of the Lord's day was universal in the Church. It was not ob-served, however, as the Jewish Sabbath, with re-strictions and penalties, and with minute regula-tions as to what should, and should not be done on that day. . . . Some Jewish converts wanted to compel the Gentiles to keep Saturday holy, ac-cording to the Jewish law, as some people are trying to do still; but the Apos-tle Paul wrote that they need give no heed to such teachers, and to let no man judge them as to the Sabbath. Col. 2:16. This is the sort of blowing hot and cold that becomes necessary in attempting to sustain the false sabbath while rejecting the true. If there is no divine command for Sunday, and there certainly is none, by what right does the Herald say of Sunday: "They should obey the divine command to refrain from all labor," etc., on that day? Self-stultification could scarcely be more complete than it is in these two answers. The first assumes a divine command for Sun-day observance; the second admits that there is no such command, and that Sunday does not take the place of the Sabbath. The lugging in of Col. 2:16 in this connec-tion is in perfect keeping with the consistency shown in these two answers. The 17th verse states plainly that the days concerning which the apostle was writing were the festivals be-longing to the typical system : shadows of things to come. THE ONLY REMEDY. " Is it not perfectly manifest," says the Christian Statesman, of February 22, " after all our comparatively fruitless efforts to cure our festering political corruption by other means, that the only adequate remedy is to bring our nation into acknowledged subjection to the perfect and purifying law of Christ? " This it says in behalf of the so-called Christian Amendment which it is trying to have fastened upon the national Consti-tution. The " purifying law of Christ" does not Victoria Dodd, Denison, Iowa. How should Sunday be spent by those who profess to be Christian people ? They should obey the divine command to refrain from all labor and secular things, and devote the day to the service of the Al-mighty and to physical rest and recuperation. To spend the whole or even part of the day in the reading of newspapers or secular literature is a viola-tion of the spirit of the in-junction. Attendance at the house of worship and a hearty compliance with the religious ordinances instituted by the Church, are among the privileges that should never be ne-glected. These are among the " means of grace." 