248 AMERICAN SENTINEL. THE following forcible sentences spoken by Sam. G. Smith, of the People's Church at Minneapolis, are worth passing round to all the people everywhere:Š "Julius Cmsar was a priest, the most renowned au-thority in Rome on matters ecclesiastical before he be-came a general in Gaul. Men of the church have been powers in the state from time immemorial. Kings and priests alike have done things that will not bear the closest investigation. This Government of ours was based on the theory that the church and the state should be kept separate, each working in its own way for the benefit of the people. Almost the last words of the father of his country were his admonition to keep these two factors in human civilization forever apart." * * AN exchange which is a staunch advocate of Sunday laws, says:Š "There is no doubt that from a business point of view merely, the converting of the Sabbath into a work day will prove profitable. The firm that works seven days in the week has a decided advantage over the one that works only six. The capital invested yields one-seventh more. The output is one-seventh greater than in works of equal capacity. For a firm that closes its mills on the Sabbath to put out an equal amount as the firm that runs continuously, it would require an enlargement of its plant one-seventh, i. e., the investment, it may be, of a large sum of money." * AND yet this paper and all the rest of the Sunday "reform" organs have been telling us from time to time, that "from a business point of view merely," it did not pay to work machinery and men seven days in the week. They have elaborately and with great assurance ex-plained to us that both machinery and men need a rest one day in each week; that without it, both will.  wear out quicker than would otherwise be the case, and that really more work would be accomplished in the six days, with the day of rest, than in the seven days without it, etc., etc. Which of these opposing views are we to believe? Or must we believe that neither was made so much with a view of stating the truth, as of offering an "argument" in behalf of their scheme of reform? * * THE Christian Statesman, the leading exponent of the theory that a civil government is a moral person and as such is bound to obey the moral law, sees in the pres-ent crisis of affairs between the Government and Spain,  an opportunity to illustrate its theory "with remarkable clearness." Proceeding, therefore, to improve this favor- able opportunity, it says:Š "It is the belief of perhaps ninety nine out of every hundred American citizens that the battleship "Maine" was blown up by the Spaniards. . . . The belief of many of the American people is that the mine was ex-ploded by Spanish agents. But Spain herself is held ac-countable for the deed of these agents. "The same principle of political science finds illustra-tion in the condition of affairs in Cuba. The policy adopted by General Weyler has reduced thousands of Cubans to a state of starvation. . . . But while Wey-ler is justly condemned for his inhuman method of carry-ing on the war, Spain as a nation is held accountable by the civilized world, for the cruelty and barbarity that, have been practiced in Cuba by her accredited agents_ Weyler is no longer there, but the suffering continues. Spain is the responsible person with whom to deal." * * Now the truth is that international diplomacy does. not consider the Spanish government, or any government,_ as a person. There is no personal reality to any govern-ment. The Statesman's illustration no more proves the-personality of Spain than the well-known cartoon figure-called "Uncle Sam" proves the personality of the United States, or than the stout figure labeled "John Bull" proves the personalty of England. There is no way to-represent the personality of governments except by a car-toon figure which everybody knows has no reality outside-of paper and ink. GOVERNMENTS conduct the business pertaining to then--relations with each other through ambassadors, consuls,. and other individuals who are the agents of the govern-ments. And they cannot treat or negotiate with each, other in any other way; they cannot communicate with. each other at all independently of these agents. They cannot do anything independently of these agents. But a person can act independently of his agent, always; and a government, if it were a person in more than a figura-tive sense, could do likewise. * SPAIN, or any government, is very properly to be held accountable for the acts of its agents. But this is not saying that Spain can be held accountable as a person can be. When a person commits murderŠas was done in the blowing up of the "Maine"Šhe is by the law of all,  nations punished with death; but how is a civil govern-ment to be thus punished? No one proposes to put the government of Spain to death for the thousands and mill-ions of murders which its agents have committed in the--last two or three centuries of its history. It was not pro-posed to kill the government of TurkeyŠthe "sick man of the East"Šbecause of the series of massacres of which it has been guilty during the present century. A civil' government is not held accountable for murder, as per- 