The  TWO REPUBLICS. Of Great Importance to Every American Citizen. AMERICAN SENTINEL. 511 Our Premium Bible. (See advertisement on last page.) REDUCTION It! PRICE For a short time. The Sentinel I Year and Bible, postpaid, $3.00 The Sentinel 6 Months and Bible, postpaid, $2.50 The Bible alone to those who are now subscribers to the Sentinel, $2.00 The Bible given as a present for 6 new yearly sub- scriptions at $1.00 each ; 12 for 6 months at 50 cents each. We cannot agree to continue this offer any great length of time as our stock is limited, hence urge our Pa-trons to order at once. As to the merits of the Bible we offer, it is enough for us to say that NO ONE HAS CRITICISED IT. On the other hand, we have received numerous unsolicited words of praise, a few of which we quote. For brevity's sake, we omit the name and address of the writers, but their letters are all on file in our office. HEAR WHAT THEY SAY. "I received the Bible in good condition. I am very well pleased with it in every way. It is a first class Bible; just the kind I have wanted." "The Bible is a beauty. Everything that could be wished." " The Bible came safely, and is highly appreciated by the friends for whom I bought it." "My Bible received. I am very much pleased with it." "I have received my Bible, and to say I am well pleased would not convey my appreciation. I think it the best bargain ever offered. It is just what I have long wanted." "I have used my Bible nearly three months, have compared it with other higher priced Bibles, and can truthfully say that all that you claim for it is true, and do heartily recommend it to all who need a good Bible." "It is the best Bible I ever saw for the price." "I received your premium Bible and we were surprised to get such a good grade of book. Many of my friends have examined it and pro-nounce it excellent." "I wish to thank you at once for the beautiful Bible which I received yesterday. It is far better than I expected." " I am very much pleased with it and like it better than any Bible I have ever had." " We are all more than pleased with the Bible. The type is a great delight." "I am delighted with the Bible. Don't know how you sell it so cheap." "The Bible was far beyond my expectation. It is a real beauty and -I am more than pleased with it." AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York City. By ALONZO T. JONES. A COMPARATIVE HISTORY OF THE. TWO GREATEST REPUBLICS, Rome AND THE United States The study of years and elaboration of many volumes, are presented in a concise and pleasing manner. In reviewing the history of the Roman Re-public, the rocks upon which she stranded have been clearly pointed out. It contrasts the principles underlying enforced religious observances, with the true principles of RELIGIOUS FREEDOM FOR EVERY PLAN, which are guaranteed by toe Constitution of the United States. The " Two Republics" comprises 896 octavo pages, and is printed from clear, new electrotypes, on fine, tinted paper, beautifully and substantially bound, and is illustrated.  with 67 full-page engravings. The work is furnished in the following styles of binding:Š Thin paper edition, plain edges $1.85 Cloth, marbled edges, - - 2.50 " Gilt edges, 3.00 PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Oakland, Cal. Kansas City, Mo, The Stomach: Its Disorders and Ł Ł Ł lioW to Cure Them. By J. H. KELLOGG, M. D., SUPERINTENDENT OF THE BATTLE CREEK (MICH.) SAMTARP,M. This book presents in a nutshell what every person ought to know about the stomach, its functions in health, the symptoms produced by disease, and the best methods of cure. The long experience of the already well-known author in the treatment of stomach disorders, in his supervision of the Battle Creek Sanitarium, makes this a work of inestimable value. not only for the sick but those who desire to keep well. lat. FOLLOWING ARE LEADING CHAPTER HEADING& The Organs of Digestion. The Maladies of the Modern Stonutohl  The Systematic Treatment of Indigestion, Foods, The Digestive Fluids Important and New Discoveries Relating to Digestion, Treatment of Dia. Remedies for the Home Treatment of Dyspepsia, Pe2sia) General View of the Digestive Process, The Symptoms Dyspepsia)  Quacks and Nostril/no, The work is illustrated with more than one hundred and thirty cuts acluding eleven full-page plates, three colored plates, etc. This work ought to be in the hands of every dyspeptiel pRIcE, Cloth, $1.50. - Half Buffing, $2.00. :77: MODERN MEDICINE PUBLISHING COMPANY, Battle Creek, Mich. 