THE AMERICAN SENTINL. 370 An Anti-Christian Scheme. THE Rev. Dr. Charles H. Parkhurst and a corps of 1,137 assistants, remarks the Sun, of this city, " are going to com-plete a map of this city showing the posi- tion and character of every house within the municipal limits, together with the names and social status of the occupants." The Sun continues This enterprise is to be prosecuted under the auspices of the City Vigilance League, a new or-ganization, somewhat resembling the Society for the Prevention of Crime. Dr. Parkhurst is Presi-dent of the organization, and at a meeting held in Judson Memorial Hall in South Washington Square last night, he gave an outline of the policy of the League. It had been widely announced that Dr. Parkhurst on this occasion would speak " to men only ; " and about 400 young men were present. On this occasion the Doctor is reported to have said :Š Our immediate need is of 1,137 men of honest spirit and durable stuff, who will undertake to rep-resent respectively each of the election districts into which this city is subdivided. It will be the responsibility of each one of these 1,137 men to make himself thoroughly conversant with all that concerns the district under his charge. The first duty of the district supervisor will be to prepare a careful and accurate chart of his district, drawn on the scale of twenty-five feet to the inch. Dr. Parkhurst then gave an account of how the maps are to be arranged and what they are expected to show. Every building will be represented with its pro-portional frontage and its street number. There will be a tabulated list of the occu-pants of the residential portions of the districts, with their names and nationality. The tabulation will include a statement as to all houses of ill repute, pool rooms and policy shops, and gambling, houses in the district. "In this connection," added Dr. Park- hurst, with much feeling, " it is expressly urged that no district supervisor should do anything that can be construed as com-pronlising his own moral character." It was probably the memory of his own experience of a few months ago that led the Doctor to give this caution. It shows that Dr. Parkhurst is not wholly bad; that his beer-drinking with lewd women last summer was due to an error in judg-ment rather than to personal moral cor-ruption. But having made such an error is he a safe guide for the 1,137 young men who are to work under his direction ? And is this work that young men should be encouraged to undertake? Can any-body, either young or old, do such work and obey the divine injunction, " Enter not into the path of the wicked, and go not in the way of evil men. Avoid it, pass not by it, turn from it, and pass away." In short, is not the whole scheme contrary to the spirit of the gospel of Christ, which exhorts us thus :Š Finally, brethren, whatsoever things are true, whatsoever things are honest, whatsoever things are just, whatsoever things are pure, whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things are of good report; if there be any virtue, and if there be any praise, think on these things. The Christian might well distrust this scheme because of the considerations sug-gested; but there are also other counts in the indictment against it, some of which are thus presented editorially by the Sun: Parkhurst's scheme of organizing a vigilance committee, or Vigilance League, as he calls it, proceeds on the assumption that the regular forces of law and order in New York are negligent of their duty, and that accordingly private individu-als must step forward to save the town from going to the devil. It does not appear that he proposes to go so far as the famous Vigilance Committee of San Fran- cisco, and preserve the morals of the town by the administration of lynch law. He merely wants to carry out his detective operations on a large scale and with the assistance of a great number of sub-ordinates. His scheme is to appoint young fel-lows as supervisors of the public morals in each of the 1,137 election districts, and to set them to work at spying about their neighborhoods to find out whether anything wrong is going on. Of course they will discover what they are after, even if they have to get up the wickedness themselves. Their curiosity will be stimulated, and the competition among them to gain distinction as detectives will be eager. How the public will regard this new and exten-sive industry is another matter. Under Park-hurst's plan every inhabitant of New York is liable to be shadowed by these impertinent young chaps. The names, residences, nationality, and political standing of the people of every district are to be obtained and tabulated as if they were suspected thieves. As a matter of course, the swarming spies will seek to magnify their detective office by keeping an eye on all the doings of the citizens to see whether they follow the line Parkhurst lays down for them. These shadowers, also, will watch the saloons and scrutinize every house and every business place for the same purpose. It is, in fine, the spying system in its worst form, volunteer and not directed by official authority. Nearly twelve hundred loathsome creatures will be educating themselves in the art of poking their noses into other people's business. Vice and crime are bad enough, but they are not so bad as such a systematic hounding by a horde of amateur detectives as Parkhurst is planning. Only despicable young fellows would engage in the business, and the longer they pursue it the more slimy they will become. It is a contemptible scheme, an outrageous pro-ject, and the self-respect of the people should at once rise up to compel the defiled Parkhurst to devise some other and less insulting method of keeping up the notoriety which he is after. No doubt Doctor Parkhurst imagines that he is doing both God and man serv-ice, but he is in reality corrupting more than a thousand young men and is pre-paring an engine of espionage which he can not long control, and which is sure to be a potent factor in the utter destruction of the liberty so long and so fully enjoyed in this favored land. c. P. B. Christians Do Not Persecute. Two weeks ago we published the facts concerning the persecution of Methodists in Austria, and called attention to the fact that while Romanists are persecuting Methodists in Austria, Methodists are per-secuting Adventists in Maryland and Tennessee. But while this is true, it is not true as stated by some that Christians are persecuting Christians. Christians do not persecute. This is plainly shown in the following admirable article from Pres-ent Truth, London :Š Everybody who reads the account of the systematic persecution of the Method-ists in Vienna must feel sympathy for the oppressed, as well as indignation at such unjustifiable proceedings. Such a course can not be excused on any just grounds. We would have it understood by all who may feel unfriendly to Christianity, and who may cite such instances of persecu-tion as evidence against it, that there is no Christianity in it. Men who professed to be Christians have often persecuted others, but Christianity never persecuted. Christianity is from Christ, the Lamb of God ; and it is as impossible for true Christianity to persecute for any cause whatever, as it would be for a lamb to devour a wolf. In so saying, we are passing no sentence upon men who in time past have engaged in persecution. God alone knows the motives that prompted them. Many of the men were doubtless sincere. But if they thought that they were acting in accordance with the principles of Christianity, they were  pitiably ignorant of those principles. We can simply say that persecution is not of Christ, but is of the devil. With those who have persecuted, we have nothing to do; they are in the hands of the just Judge. It may further be said, that the evil of persecution is in no wise abated by the fact that those who are persecuted may actually hold erroneous views and prac-tices. No man was ever persecuted who was not thought by his persecutor to be in error. To say that it is wrong to per-secute those who hold the truth, but justifiable when people are in error, is to set one's self up as the judge of what is truth. That is popery. And so every-one who persecutes, no matter in what degree, is to that degree a pope. It will be seen that papacy has not always been and is not now confined to the Roman Catholic Church. We repeat, that it makes no difference what the religious opinions of men may be; they are not to be persecuted on any account. For his religious opinions and practices a man is answerable to God alone. No earthly tribunal, whether religious or secular, has any right to sit in judgment on people for their religion. In this matter majorities cut no figure. This question has nothing to do with the right of the majority to rule, for in matters of re-ligion nobody has any right to rule an-other. Scripture authority for these statements is not wanting. Jesus said, " If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not; for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world." John 12: 47. " The servant is not greater than his lord ; neither he that is sent greater than he that sent him." Therefore since Christ himself declared that he did not judge any man who refused to believe his words, it is most certain that no man, nor any body of men, has that right. Whoever as-sumes it, thereby sets himself above the Lord. Again Jesus said to his disciples, " As my Father hath sent me, even so send I you." John 20: 21. Now for what purpose did the Father send him ? He himself tells : "For God sent not the Son into the world to judge the world ; but that the world should be saved through him." John 3:17. Therefore he who presumes to judge another is doing that which Christ never sent anybody to do. Of course this does not refer to the sentence of the civil magistrate concern-ing crimes against person or property. So much for persecution in general. When Peter, in his zeal for the Master, drew his sword and cut off the ear of one who was about to seize the Lord, Jesus rebuked him, saying, " All they that take the sword shall perish with the sword." We may not conclude that all who perish with the sword have taken the sword, for many perish unjustly; but the Sav-iour's words do show that when men take the sword it is no more than might be expected that the same thing should be used on them. We are reminded of this by the fact that but a few weeks ago there was a mass-meeting held in the city of Chicago, where representative Methodist clergymen, among others, ad-vocated the use of the boycott upon all who did not join with them in Sunday rest. It is needless to say that the boy-cott is one of the meanest forms of per-secution. Now we do not say that this justifies the persecution of Methodists in Vienna or anywhere else; for we should 