THE ENTINEL LIBERTY. 41 'thus we see that those who are eXpectingŁto see - thetirhe -soon come when religious laws shall be en-f6rced are beginning to turn their eyes favorably toward Spiritualism, Satan's masterpiece of last-day -deception, as an aid in the accomplishment of their purpOse. - Truly the Word of God is a light that ''shineth in'a dark place. The wise heed its warning and are safe. R. C. PORTER. question:and creating a general sentiment against patronizing Sunday trains. The resolution to make a strong effort to;get the Saturday half-holiday established by law was warmly advocated; also to compel all places of business to close by nine or ten o'clock Saturday -night. The object of these measures is to enable the people to have opportunity to take necessary recreation, and finish their work in -ample ti-me so they may not be so tired out that they are not dis-posed to attend meeting on Sunday, the arm of civil law being thus invoked to interpose in behalf A PUBLIC meeting, of the " Lord's Day Alliance," of the churches so that they may be better filled of the Dominion of Canada, was held in Toronto, with worshipers at the Sunday services. Nov. 9, 1900. As to the evil of the Sunday newspaper, it was In a short opening address, the chairman stated stated by one member that the recent efforts of two that the Alliance is engaged in a work of " stupen- leading dailes in London, Eng., to establish Sunday dous 'diffidulties." This assertion was repeated. issues were met by defeat so that they discon-The fundamental principle of the organization, that tinned these Sunday papers after a few weeks' trial, its object is to retain existing legislation for Sunday and that this was not done because of any law inter-observance and secure more, was also announced. fering with their work, for there was no law there to Quite a number of resolutions were passed in interfere with the publishing of Sunday papers; but regard to various forms of Sunday desecration. the Sunday issues were discontinued simply because The subject of railway traffic received considerable the sentiment of the people against them was so attention, and when the resolution in regard to it strong that they were a financial failure. - was considered, one member remarked that the The Women's Christian Temperance Union was Alliance is not yet able to combat such a powerful mentioned as the strongest ally of the Alliance. It evil, so for the present that form of Sunday desecra- was also stated concerning the contact of the Al-tion would better be let alone. None of the other liance with the saloon, that it is not fighting the members seemed to share this sentiment, however, saloon only so far-as the saloon violates the Sunday and it was stated that while we are lopping off the law. This would indicate that the W. C. T. U. had, branches, we need to take care of the trunk of the to some extent, left its high and holy calling and evil. The matter of successfully combating this conk down to give its strength to enforcing a relig-form of Sunday labor was a matter of considerable ious observance on unwilling citizens. perplexity. It was proposed to obtain petitions A resolution was passed that called for a change from the citizens of the sections of the country in the law so that those who are convicted in the through which such offending lines run.— remonstra- the lower courts of violating the Sunday law, may ting with the officials in regard to the matter. But not he allowed to appeal their cases to the higher then it was stated that experience had shown that courts. This resolution met with some opposition railways considered such petitions as so much waste in view of the fact, which must be plain to all, that paper. The idea of obtaining stricter legislation this would greatly abridge the right of the citizen. was met with the assertion that it would be impossi- This would be a very evident return to the tactics ble to get any legislation through which a railway of the Dark Ages, as indeed all religious legislation would not run an express train at the rate of sikty really is. But in no other way can religious obserV-miles per hour on Sunday, if it could make money ances be enforced Upon the people, but by depriving by so doing. It was very much regretted that dur-- them of their rights, both chit and religious. ing the past year. Sunday traffic, freight and pas- The necessity for increased funds for carrying on sengei, local as well as through travel, had greatly the work of the Alliance was strongly ingedjthe increased. The only successful way of accomplish- statement being riade that '` if the people knOW that ing the littrpost seemed to be by agi-tatitin of the. we hate 'several thOuSand dollars and-the /it-zu to MORE LAW AND LESS LIBERTY. 