THE SENTINEL, 6F LIBERTY. 51t: LITTLE BETTER THAN c4 BOXERS." WE can 'hardly blame the Boxer if he scouts the professedly philanthropic motives of the civilized Power-s. We, can plainly see that he may shout "tu quoque" at the Caucasian and proceed to kill every White man in sight, justifying himself by the Cauca-Sian's own acts. When the Russians, like so many wild beasts, Scoured the streets of Tien-Tsin, stabbing, shooting, bayoneting and slashing old men, worsen and infants in arms they destroyed any confidence -Which may have lingered in the minds of the 'neutral Chinese. Hereafter when the allied Powers make professions of humanity and philanthropy the Chinese will point to the massacre of Tien-Tsin and that argument will silence all pretensions. It is unanswerable. Nor will it do to make the Russian contingent a scapegoatŠto allege that the Muscovites are more bloodthirsty than other white men. It is but a few days since the German Emperor declared that n6 quarter should be given the ChineseŠdeclared it in sold blood and without the impelling exeitement of a battle. If civilized rulers profess such sentiments what is to be expected ofsoldiers in the field? Are they likely, once the animal is aroused, to diSplay any less-savage ferocity than the Russians? Will not the Tien-Tsin episode be repeated -by other troops if the op-portunity arises? Civilization is only skin deep and the veneer comes off very quickly, when civilized man engages in war. Opposition enrages him. The sight of bloOd infuri-ates him. Met with obstinate resistance, he cele-brates his victory, as the Russians did, by massacre and loot. He reverts to the animal with a facility which is at once surprising and terrifying. The Russians did what might have been done by the troops of any other nationality if they were given license. Not given it, they are likely to take it. There is little difference among men-once they smell bloOd.ŠChicago Chronicle. obŁŠŁ--44 WAR-TIME :ci PROSPERITY." IT is said that war makes money plentiful. Tem-porarily, just as it does for a man whO owns a fine house and slaps a mortgage on it. He can revel in the luxuries for a season, but when the firne to pay it, plus interest; rolls alongŠwell, that's different.  FoOl is he who imagines that the wanton andenOr-' mous destruction of property and young men tends --to enrich the world. Reason repudiates the fright-ful fallacy.Š Troy (N. K) Times. THE HISTORY OF BABYLON. "WE may soon be in a-  position," remarks the Literary Digest," to study the lost history of -Baby-lon as we can now study that of Greece and Rome. Ina recent lecture at the Industrial Art Museum at Berlin, Professor Delitzch, the celebrated Orientalist and explorer, stated- his hope, says Biblia (June), that in a short time it ,vill be possible to reconsti-tute the history of Babylon from its monuments. Contemporary inscriptions on monuments show that the excavators are unearthing the relics of a prehis-toric epoch antecedent toAhe period to which we assign Abraham. The list of kings will furnish an excellent foundation for the historical reconstruc-tion of the epoch.' "This has been made possible by the discoveries of the, expedition sent out by the German Oriental Society under the direction of Koldewey. Nebuf chadnezzar's, favorite temple has already been ex-plored, and the excavators are now attacking the edifice proper in which Cyrus signed the edict au thorizing the return of the Jews to their own- land, and in which Alexander died.' " IT is a forcible commentary on the world's condi-tion to-day that, as the Springfield Republican re-marks, " the revolution in Colombia does not at-tract the slightest attention from the world," al-though " the word comes that 2,70o men have been killed in fifteen days, a mortality which, in ordinary times, would seem sensational' enough." The Re-publican advises that " the combatants would do well to put off their fighting.  till they can have a chance to get some military glory out of it."- And still would-be prophets of the day are crying " peace and safety." WANTED Agents to solicit subscriptions to THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. We offer special inducements during the next few weeks: Address the publishers for further information if you will devote a portion of your time , to soliciting. But please do not take our time unless you are in earnest. We desire energetic workers and not curious. inquirers.- International Religious Liberty Association, 324 Dearborn St., Chicago. 