258 ..A.WITIO ELI CA.1%1- VOL. 8, No. 33. unto salvation; and the Sabbath of the Lord being the sign of this; it follows of necessity that when another puts himself above God and in the place of God and another power is manifested unto a pro-posed salvation, if that other power is to have a sign by which it would be known and recognized as of authority, this sign would have to be a rival Sabbath. It is impossible that it should be otherwise. As he puts himself above God and in the place of God, and of the SaviourŠas he is therefore the rivalŠthe substitute indeedŠof the true God and Saviour; as certainly as he sets up any sign by which he would be known, this sign, in order to mean anything in the case as it is, would have to be a rival, a substitute indeed, of the true Sabbath, the true sign of the true God and Saviour. AND the case holds consistently through-out. The " man of sin," " the son of perdition," " the mystery of iniquity," " that wicked," the Papacy, this " vicar," this substitute of Jesus Christ, has also substituted a sign of itself for the sign of Jesus Christ. It has substituted Sunday for the Sabbath of the Lord. During the old law, Saturday was the day sanc-tified; but the Church, instructed by Jesus Christ, and directed by the Spirit of God, has substituted Sunday for Saturday; so now we sanctify the first, not the seventh day. Sunday means, and now is, the day of the Lord.ŠCatholic Catechism of the Christian Religion. Ques.ŠHow prove you that the Church has power to command feasts and holy days ? Ans.ŠBy the very act of changing the Sabbath into Sunday, which Protestants allow of ; and therefore they fondly contradict themselves by keeping Sunday strictly, and breaking most other feasts commanded by the same church. Ques.ŠHow prove you that ? Ans.ŠBecause by keeping Sunday, they acknowl-edge the Church's power to ordain feasts, and to command them under sin; and by not keeping the rest by her commanded, they again deny, in fact, the same power.ŠAbridgment of Christian Doc-trine. THUS clearly and easily is it demon-strated from the Scriptures that the Sab-bath question, so far from being a question of merely one day or another as such, is a question as to whether we shall worship and serve one God or another, and whether we shall have one Saviour or another. It is a question of whether we shall wor-ship the Lord or the Papacy ; whether we shall look to Jesus Christ for salvation or to the Papacy; whether we shall honor the true God or his supplanter ; whether we shall be saved by Christ or by this "substitute" for him. It is a question of whether we shall wear the badge of the Lord of Glory, or that of the man of sin; whether we shall bear the sign, which God has set, or the sign which the Papacy .has substituted for it; whether we shall wear the signet of the Most High or the mark of "the mystery of iniquity," "that wicked," " the beast." It is a question as to whether the Sabbath of the Lord shall be observed as he made it, and as he gave' it ; or whether the substitute, the Sunday, which has been set up by the Papacy shall take precedence of it and crush it out of the worldŠwhether the Lord shall be God indeed, or whether the man of sinŠthe PapacyŠshall indeed be exalted above him. THIS is what the Sabbath question is, and this is precisely what is involved in it. And what the churches and Congress of the United States have done, in this Sunday legislation, is to fasten upon the Government of the United States this sign  of papal authority, and to call upon all the people of the United States to receive and wear this badge of allegiance to the Papacy. In this Sunday legislation, by which the seventh day the Sabbath of the Lord, was interpreted out of his law, and the first day the Sunday of the Papacy was interpreted into that law instead of God's Sabbath, the churches and Congress of the United States have, so far as lies in their power, shut away from men the knowledge of the true God and Saviour, and have required that men shall receive and worship the Papacy instead. And it is an abominable piece of business. But they have.done it. THAT which now remains is for each person to decide for himself, whether he will do this which the churches and Con-gress have required. It is for each one to decide for himself whether he will honor the Papacy above God; whether he will worship the Papacy or the Lord, and whether he will wear this signet of the Papacy or the sign of what Jesus Christ is to men. And that this may be seen the more plainly, if need be, we set the two things here side by side :Š "The [Catholic] Church, in-structed by Jesus Christ, and directed by the Spirit of God, has substituted Sunday for Saturday; so now we sanctify the first, not the seventh day. Sunday means and now is, the day of the Lord." " Ques. ŠHow prove you that the Church has power to com-mand feasts and holy days ? "Ans.ŠBy the very act of changing the Sabbath into Sunday, which Protestants allow of; and therefore they fondly contradict themselves by keeping Sunday strictly, and breaking most other feasts commanded by the same church. " Ques. ŠHow prove you that ? "Ans.ŠBecause by keeping Sunday, they acknowledge the Church's power to ordain feasts, and to command them under sin; and by not keeping the rest by her commanded, they again deny, in fact, the same power."ŠAbridgment of Christian Doctrine. "It is worth while to remem-ber that this observance of the Sabbath -in which, after all, the only Protestant worship consistsŠnot only has no foundation in the Bible, but it is in flagrant contradiction with its letter, which com-mands rest on the Sabbath, which is Saturday. It was the Catholic Church which, by the authority of Jesus Christ, has transferred this to the Sunday in remembrance of the resurrection of our Lord. Thus the observance of Sunday by the Protestants is an hom-age they pay, in spite of them-selves, to the authority of the Church."ŠPlain Talk About the Protestantism, of To-day, p. 213. Which way do you take ? Which do you choose ? Which do you serve ? Which sign do you bear ? To which one of these do you look to be sanctified ? To which one do you look for the power of salvation ? Think seriously of this, and next week, from the doctrine and the his-tory, we shall further consider the mean-ing of this substitution of Sunday for the Sabbath of the Lord. A. T. J. Sabbathlessness Gaining. THE Christian Statesman of June 10, 1893, in an editorial, speaking of the forces of evil, says :Š Having passed the boundary line at which con-science ceases to be a restraining influence, they now propose to remove the barrier which civil government might interpose if permitted to wield its power in the interest of morals. They there-fore deny to civil government a right to the moral domain. And they are gaining ground. They are obtaining viOtPriest  §AblAth laws are gradually  shorn of their power to restrain the Sabbath-break-ers. And with the loss of the Sabbath every safe-guard to morals is lost. All history proves that a Sabbathless people is a people given up to license and immorality. There has been no exception to the general rule. And the Sabbath is going. And the alarming fact is that this advance of the enemy is against the most active and earnest en-deavors of the Christian people to retain the dis-tinctively Christian features in our national life..  Never was the battle waged more vigorously for the Sabbath than during the past year. And never have the enemies of the Sabbath obtained greater victories against the Sabbath. In the face of the combined opposition of the Christian cit-izens the advance has been made. What is the reason of this ? How shall we explain this im-potence of the Christian forces, in the great con-flict for the maintenance of the Christian elements in our national life ? Why these defeats all along the line ? The answer to this is not difficult; it "lies in hand," as the Germans say. Christian men, the Statesman leading, are trampling on God's Sabbath, and Christ's example in a most unchristian way. They have deserted and denied the Word of God and are trying to patch a compromise by false assertions concern-ing Sunday. God is ignored by them. It is too late for them to plead ignorance. Defeat is upon them, and will follow them until they return to God. It may be hard for them to bear defeat on defeat, but God's truth remains unmoved, and their ship of " Sabbath Reform," falsely named, has run against Sinai until it begins to find that God's granite is stronger than "National Reform" falsehoods, however painted or puttied. Herein, oh, Christian Statesman, lies the explanation. You be-gin the work of ruin, by disobeying God, trampling on the Sabbath, transferring its name to Sunday, and coining false as-sumptions to cover your crime, and end by complaining that men treat your civil statutes as lightly as you treat God's ever-lasting laws. If you are not content, keep on. God can abide the issue as long as you can. But don't deceive yourself, nor ask longer for an explanation as to why your efforts are defeatedŠEvangel and Sabbath Outlook. Chicago Correspondence. The World's Fair Again Open on Sunday. THE injunction granted by Judge Stein in the Clingman case, enjoining the World's Fair officials from excluding the people from Jackson Park, has proved a serious, and perhaps an unexpected, ob-stacle in the way of Sunday closing. Judge Stein has not receded in the least degree from the position first taken by him in that case. On Sunday, July 23, the gates of Jackson Park were closed to all persons except those directly connected with the Exposition or carrying passes. This was by order of the Board of Direc-tors, and in direct disobedience to the order of the court. The authority of the State court was entirely ignored ; no steps being taken so far as came to the knowledge of the court or the public, to secure the dissolution of the injunction or even to learn the intention of the court as to the matter, or of the views held by the parties to the case under the changed con-ditions which had come about. In reality this would have only been courtesy, and could have had no positive value in the matter because the injunction had been granted and was on record as a formal act of the court. Nothing but a formal act of the court taken after due presentation of the matter could have nullified it. The parties against whom the injunction. was Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work : but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the LORD thy God : in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy man-servant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates : for in six days the LORD made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day: where-fore the LORD blessed the Sab-bath day, and hallowed it. Ex. 20 : 8-11. Therefore the Son of man is Lord also of the Sabbath. Mark 2 : 28. Moreover also I gave them my Sabbaths, to be a sign be-tween me and them, that they might know that I am the LORD that sanctify them. And hallow my Sabbaths ; and they shall be a sign be-tween me and you, that ye may know that I am the Loan your God. Eze. 20 : 12, 20. 