226 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. self but to an additional day of rest by those who observe another day ? It is most singular that these people do not get ashamed of that " sanitary " Sunday-rest plea,. The phenomenon, however, is ex-plained by that Scripture which declares that " The unjust knoweth no shame." Yet the answer says that the law is as lenient as possible, and that therefore the national Stinday bill expressly exempts those who have conscientiously observed another day. Now an exemption clause, while it continues virtually destroys the force of Sunday laws. So certainly is this true, that the Sunday laws which now exist with exemption clauses are not enforced to any material extent. In fact the exemption clause so certainly defeats the purpose of the law that the only hope which they have of securing the intent of the Sunday law is to repeal the exemption. The State of Arkansas has the most zeal-ous Sunday observers of any State in the union that has an exemption clause. They secured the repeal of the exemption clause in 1885. Then until 1887 they persecuted those who observed the seventh day to such an extent that one of the chief law-yers of the State said it " shocked the bar of the whole State." In the Legislature of 1887 the bar of the State succeeded in restoring the exemption clause; but in the Legislature of 1889 a strong effort was made again to repeal it, as likewise a sim-ilar effort was made in the Legislature of 1891; and although the law so far as it enforced the observance of Sunday upon others, still reads as it always did, yet no effort whatever is made to enforce it; but just as soon as they succeed in repealing the exemption clause, the Sunday will be enforced again in the same old persecuting way upon those who choose to observe the seventh day. Mrs. Bateham herself knows that if they will have a Sunday law to prove effectual, they will have to secure the re-peal of the exemption which they pro-pose, in a very little while. This we know that she knows because it was stated to her personally in such a way that she will never forget it. It was at the hearing be-fore the Senate committee, December 13, 1888, and the following is the record Mr. Jones.ŠSuppose an exemption clause were given. There are people who would profess to be Seventh-day Adventists for the express purpose of getting a chance to open saloons or houses of bus-iness on Sunday. Therefore in outright self-defense, the majority would have to repeal the exemption clause. Senator Blair.ŠCall Mrs. Bateham's attention to that. Mr. Jones.ŠLet me repeat it. If you give an exemption clauseŠit has been triedŠthere are reprehensible men, saloon keepers, who know they will get more traffic on Sunday than they can on Saturday, and they will profess to be Seventh-day Adventists, they will profess to be Sabbath-keepers. You cannot " go behind the returns," you cannot look into the heart, you cannot investigate the in-tention, to see whether they are genuine in their profession or not. They will profess to be Sab-bath keeper; and then they will open their saloons  on Sunday. Then in outright self-defense, to make your position effective, you will have to re-peal that exemption clause. It will last but a little while. Senator Blcitir.ŠI agree with you there. Mr. Jones.-,-For that reason these people cannot afford to offer an exemption clause; and for the reason that it puts the majority in the power of our conscience, we deny their right to do anything of the kind. I ask the organizations represented here to think of this after the hearing is over. It will bear all the investigation they choose to give it. Senator Blair. ŠI should like to call 'everybody's attention to the point. If you need any legislation of this kind, you would better ask for legislation to carry out your purposes, and be careful that in the effort to get the assistance of the parties against you, you do not throw away the pith and substance of all for which you ask. Perhaps some one may remark that if the exemption clause virtually defeats the purpose of Sunday laws, why does not THE SENTINEL, in its opposition to Sun-day advocate an exemption. Ah I the same power that can enact an exemption clause can repeal it;'and when any one advocates an exemption clause, he allows the principle; and when. he allows the principle of the enactment of an exemp-tion clause, he gives the whole case away and robs himself of the right to protest against the repeal of it. If the right to legislate on the question be recognized even to the extent of an exemption clause, then the right having been recognized, the legislative power can proceed to what-ever extent it chooses in the exercise of the right which has been conceded. Next week we shall have a word far-ther to say upon the exemption which they propose, and will show why they propose it, in the face of the knowledge which they possess concerning it. A. T. J. Mr. Henry's Henry's Sermon. REV. J. Q. A. HENRY delivered a ser-mon which has been quite widely circu-lated in the newspapers under the title, "A Review of God's Day, and What It Should Be to Man." In it he lays down some excellent principles which we wish to compare with others that are about as flatly contradictory as statements could well be made. The article shows conclus-ively that Sunday laws are wholly in the interests of religion and the church. He began by saying :Š Our appeal for the proper observance of what is familiarly known as the Christian Sabbath, or the Lord's day is based upon the following proposi-tions: The American Sabbath is a civil institution, rec-ognized and embodied in our law as a conservator of public morals, and as conducive to public order. How can an appeal for the observance of a Christian institution be based upon the fact that American institutions are civil institutions ? Did Christian institu-tions originate in America ? And must we regard the civil power in America as the authority for their observance ? Is the United States Government Lord of  the Sabbath ? if so, where 'did it get its authority ? Certainly not from the Bible, for that says Christ is Lord of the Sab- bath ? To plead for the observance of the Christian Sabbath on the authority of civil law, is to argue that the civil power has rightful jurisdiction over the Chris- tian religion; and this is just what Mr. Henry has done. Then he says The claim of the Sabbath as a day of religious culture and worship is laid only on the individual conscience, and is not and can not be enforced by legal statute. It is no part of the Sabbath move-ment to make people good by law. Sabbaths are not kept by legislative enactments. No attempt is being made to force religion down the throat of men. God only is Lord of the conscience, and has lifted it entirely from the doctrines and command-ments of men. These are sound principles, but they squarely contradict what he said at first, and overthrow the whole theory of Sun-day legislation. For, if " the claim of the Sabbath as a day of religious culture and worship is laid only on the individual conscience," and " God only is the Lord of the conscience," then no State has a right to constitute itself Lord of the con-science by requiring such observance. And if " Sabbaths are not kept by legis-lative enactments," if they " are not, and can not, be enforced by legal statute," it is manifestly wrong to " appeal for the proper observance " on the authority of civil law. In his argument, Mr. Henry shows very clearly that all Sunday legislation is a di-rect attempt on the part of the State to control the consciences of men. The only way he can avoid this conclusion is by claiming that the "proper observance" of the " Christian Sabbath" does not mean its religious observance. But there is no .observance of any religious institu-tion that is proper, except a religious ob-servance. In the last quotation the speaker said, " It is no part of the Sabbath movement to make men better by law." Practically, he contradicted this when he said that the Sabbath was "recognized and embodied in our law as a conservator of public morals." To be a conservator of morals, is to be a preserver or keeper of morals. It means that the State, through Sunday laws, undertakes to keep people from growing any worse morally. But whether the State tries to make men better by law, or undertakes to keep them from getting worse, the principle is the same. In both cases, the State assumes jurisdiction over the subject of morals. Here is another proof that Sunday laws have to do with the conscience. Morality is conformity to God's moral law, the ten command- ments. This law requires us to love God with all the heart, and our neighbor as ourselves. Thus morality is love and immorality is hatred. These are matters of conscience, conditions of the heart, over which the civil law has no jurisdiction. In his closing paragraph, the speaker him- 