THE DARK AGES COMING UPON THE WORLD FROM CHURCH AND STATE UNION. "IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. VOLUME 13. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 20, 1898. NUMBER 41. THE religious state means always religion enforced by the power of the state. SIN reigns in this world wherever grace does not  pagan emperor; and the first shadows of the coming Dark Ages appeared in legislation for the observance of Sunday. ,, 4 ' reign; and the reign of sin will be just as bad as sin is bad, and sin is as bad as anything can possibly be. the state always secures Grace, and not SINCE Christianity means love and persuasion, while its ends by compulsion, the state cannot pro-fess to be Chris-tian without making itself a hypocrite.- legislation, is the effective antidote for sin. THE state always casts a dark shadow when it gets be-tween God and human souls. THE state conscience is guided not by the Word of God, but by the popular vote. WHEN the state professes religion, it can-not consistently remain out of the church; and THE union of church and state exthaguished the sunlight of the gospel and lighted the fires of the Inquisition. To STAND 011 t h e highest earthly emin-ence, the Chris-tian Church must descend from the heavenly emin-ence where God has placed her. FOR the state THE Christian Church went forth to the world from the baptism of Pentecost proclaiming with power the pure gospel, and the light of it penetrated to all countrjes. But a change came over her attitude of separation from the world, and in the fourth century she clothed herself in the robes of civil authority and ascended the throne of the Cwsars. In A. D. 321, the Roman emperor, Constan-tine, made an edict commanding the people in the cities and towns to abstain from work on "the venerable day of the sun," which marked the beginning of that legislation which the church has clam-ored for and defended down to the present. Church and state joined hands, and as the union pro-gressed, the sunlight of the gospel of love became more and more obscured, until the long night of the Dark Ages settled down upon the world. Only this could be the result of uniting religion with the civil power. when the state applies for admission to the church, it logically places itself in subjection to the church. -  41 "THE noonday of the papacy was the world's mid--night." THE first Sunday edict was issued in 321 A. D. by a  to become religious, and yet refuse to join the church,  would be for it to discredit either the church or its own religion. THE cloak of piety is always in demand by the rep-resentatives of intolerance and the enemies of popular rights. 