144 THE AMERICAN S VoL.. 6, No. IS, NEW YORK, APRIL 30, 1891. NOTE,-Any one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked " Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE _Independent has obtained the views of ninety-seven Roman Catholic and Prot-estant archbishops and bishops upon the question of opening the World's Fair upon Sunday. Of course a large majority of the Protestant prelates are opposed to Sun-day opening; while out of twenty-two Roman ecclesiastics fourteen would admit the public to the Fair on Sunday, only in the afternoon. Out of twenty-five Episco-pal bishops only two favor Sunday after-noon opening. Of the Methodist bishops only one, a colored mail, favors Sunday opening. A WRITER in the Daily Herald, of St. Joseph, Missouri, says, "The progress made in the education and refinement of the people since the heyday of the Puritan Sunday, would hardly place in the hands of Mr. Crafts and his associates such dan-gerous tools as gibbets and stakes to en-force their notions, but the barbarous Sunday legislation still on our statute books gives them the conveniences and facilities of mulcts, jails, and policemen's clubs." That Mr. Crafts and his disciples will use these means there is little doubt Šprovided the people at large choose to let them. AN observer of the seventh day, in Texas, writes to the organ of the denomination, the Review and Herald, that he has re- cently been served with the following notice :Š We the undersigned, citizens of this community, inform you that if you keep Saturday for the Sab-bath, you must keep Sunday also, thus conforming to the customs and habits of the people. If you refuse, we will whip you within an inch of your life for the first offense; and on the second we will hang you until you are dead, dead, dead. Judging from this, National Reform has secured a pretty good foothold in the Lone Star State. These zealous Christians (?) ought, however, to know that in this way they will speedily bring their cause into bad repute. They should take the, more respectable, but not more Christian, method of invoking the power of the State to coerce those who do not agree with them in religious matters. If they should actually carry the matter so far as to hang somebody, even some of the lead-ing spirits of the American Sabbath Union might be roused to say that " it would seem to be a harmless kindness to permit  observers of the seventh day to do private work on Sunday." Mr. Crafts actually said as much as this in regard to the per-secutions in Tennessee, where Sabbatarians have died of fevers contracted in prison; and if somewhere a man should be hanged for Sunday work even the President of the Sabbath Union, who has thus far re-mained silent, might be provoked to say that a county jail and typhoid fever would have been a more respectable means of execution. WE are glad to note the following in an account in the Sabbath Recorder of a Ministerial conference:Š In the paper, " Sabbath-keeping Women and the Woman's Christian Temperance Union," by H. D. Clarke, we have a long-felt want; that which will make it evident that our. Seventh-day Baptist women can not consistently belong to the Union. It is hoped that the paper, in full, will soon be published in the Recorder. Other essays were pre-sented which were of interest and instructive to all who heard them. We are glad to see this, not because we are opposed to the original object of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, but because the Union has largely lost sight of that object, and has espoused so:called National Reform. That which affiliates with National Reform can be Christian only in name. Ł -4- IT is said that it was the intolerance and bigotry of his rector that drove Charles Bradlaugh into atheism. Young Brad-laugh, who was particularly bright "found some difficulties in the Thirty-nine Ar-ticles, which did not seem to him in accord with the New Testament. His rector was a man totally deficient in tact, and on learning of the boy's state of mind, treated his incipient skepticism as a proof of depravity, and scolded him furiously. Young Bradlaugh, with the hasty logic of youth, concluded, that Christians could not answer by argument objections made to their faith, and soon became a complete disbeliever in Christianity or any other form of religion." A more Christian course would probably have saved to the cause of Christianity a man of rare talents. This is simply another illustration of the fact that those who attempt to do Christian work by non-Christian methods only mar the work of God and destroy souls. WE have received from the publishers, Sweet & Sturdy, Brattleboro, Massachu-setts, a copy of " Right and Wrong," by Willian A. Sturdy. The book contains 404 pages, six by nine inches, is well printed, and is neatly bound in cloth, with gold letters. We are not informed as to the price, but that can be learned by writing to the publishers. " Right and Wrong " relates to literal ethics and a popular form of government," " showing," the title page says, " the de-fective character of Webster's Diction- ary,' with its influence upon the disturb-ances between the ruling class and the common laborer." At first thought, it seems a little unkind on the part of the author of this book to attempt to demolish an old and recognized authority in the English language, just as it has been thoroughly revised at great expense to the publishers; however, "truth is mighty," and if, in the light of Mr. Sturdy's book, a discriminating public shall decide that a particular dictionary does not contain the maximum of truth, as dictionaries go, why, so much the worse for that dictionary. But inasmuch as we have a new Web-ster's, we shall not decide hastily to dis-card it. That is to say, compositors and office boys permitting, we shall still follow Webster as closely as possible in the mazes of, it must be confessed, a somewhat per-plexing orthography and orthology. THE Baptist Examiner says :Š The total abolition of Sunday travel is not to be hoped for. Especially in the neighborhood of our great cities, facilities of transit are needed on Sun-day as on the other days of the week. It is, how-ever, generally admitted that the volume of Sunday travel could be sensibly reduced without serious inconvenience to the public and injury to business. Certainly " the volume of Sunday travel could be sensibly reduced," and in a very sensible way, namely, by the voluntary action of those who profess a religious regard for Sunday; if all such would cease to travel on that day, the volume of travel would, indeed, be sensibly reduced. This would be not only sensible, but hon-est, and according to the,  Golden Rule, in which respect it differs radically from the " civil " Sunday law method. 4- IT is very strange, indeed, that in this day of progress and general enlighten-ment, any person, or sect of persons, should be so narrow-minded as to set forth and teach doctrines and principles that characterized the Dark Ages. To compel people to do a thing on the first day of the week, and in which they do not believe, is but one form of tyranny. Is this syn-onymous with the American boast of free Government ? We think not. Although we were brought up to revere and keep the first day of the week, we feel it would be wrong to force our views upon those who might differ with us jri a, religious point of view, or holding to contrary con-victions.Š Yolo ( Cal.) Democrat. THEŁ AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1.00 In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York, Ł 