 ŁCIF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, / JUDGE HIM NOT: FOR I CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAYE THE WORLD."  Vol. 11, No. 39. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 1, 1896. Entered at the N. Y. Post-Office.   american 5entinel, Published Weekly in Defense of Religious Liberty. OrTor Further Particulars and Terms see Last Page. EDITOR, - - C. P. BOLLMAN. ASST. EDITOR,   L. A. SMITH. THE CLERGY IN POLITICS. " THE Sunday-schools and pulpit are in pol-itics. Time was when politicians sneered at them, but they might as well understand that they are now in politics to stay, to affirm great moral principles and keep on affirming them till election." So said the Rev. R. S. MacArthur, before his audience in Calvary Baptist Church, Sunday evening, the 20th inst., and no one who has taken note of the church's present activity in political affairs will feel inclined to dispute his assertion. But why have the clergy suddenly become interested to such a degree in politics? Is it because politics present this year a great moral issue for the decision of the people? So we are told. One leading New York jour-nal announces in bold headlines that " min-isters agree that this is a contest for suprem-acy of the eighth commandment." But is this the only contest in progress in which the supremacy of one of the ten commandments is involved? Ilave politics been conducted in such a manner hitherto as to avoid all dis-agreement with the dictates of honesty and justice? Is the question of the financial pol-icy to be adopted by this Government the greatest moral issue before the people? Are not the clergy aware of any present, vital, and momentous controversy which centers upon some other commandment than the eighth? It is not a little strange that the latter can so clearly discern a moral issue which is en-veloped in the mists of political controversy, while seemingly quite oblivious to moral is-sues which are plainly exposed to view. It is a fact which no one can dispute, that the question. whether " this is a contest for su-premacy of the eighth commandment" or not, is one which involves the political ques-tion which the various parties are trying to settle. In other words, it involves the ques-tion of which one of the political creeds is entitled to the confidence of the people. No  one of the parties proposes to be dishonest. No party platform announces an intention of violating the eighth commandment. Each one intends to do justice; and it is first nec-essary to settle the question of the fallacy or soundness of the political creed set forth before any moral issue comes into view. Whether there is any contest for the suprem-acy of the eighth commandment or not, de-pends upon whether the creed of one leading political party is as fallacious as it is pictured in the assertions of its opponents. It is a fact which also no one can dispute that vast numbers of intelligent, honest men see no in-tention of violating the eighth commandment where it is so loudly announced to exist by the pulpit politician. We say it is not a little strange that these clergymen can see the moral issue so clearly through the mists of party creed, and are so stirred over the same, while they are ob-livious to other great moral issues not in-volved in political obscurity, or at least un-concerned about them. For instance, the Rev. William Lloyd, of the Central Congre-gational Church, New York, said in his po-litical discourse of Sunday evening, Septem-ber 20: " The ten commandments are at the root of all national greatness. . . . They are the pillars of the State, the foundation of all good government; and the man who would break one of them and teach other men to do so, is a traitor, and places the whole social structure in imminent peril." This was said with particular reference to the eighth commandment, which it is said the adherents of one political party purpose to violate. The Rev. Mr. Myers, speaking in "The Temple," New York, the same evening, on the theme, " Sixteen to One," said: "If any man says, Thou shalt steal,' I am'com-missioned by the Almighty God to declare, ' Thou shalt not steal.' " But it is certain that the eighth command-ment is no more important than the fourth, which says: " Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work : but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God: in it thou shalt not do any work." Mr. Myers, Mr. Lloyd, and the others of like calling, who are preaching political sermons on the eighth commandment, very well know that the vast majority of those who profess Christianity,  themselves included, do not observe the sev-enth day, as the fourth commandment directs, but the first day. Now these clergymen can see very clearly that the proposed "free coin-age of silver" will be a violation of the eighth commandment; but they are wholly unable to see that the observance of the first day of the week instead of the seventh is a violation of the fourth commandment; or if they do see it, they feel no burden to say anything about it. There is a mystery here which calls for explanation. " What right have men to put the eighth commandment to a popular vote?" inquired Mr. Myers, farther on in his discourse. " It is blasphemy. I can now hear the thunder-ings of Sinai." But we would ask, What right have men to put the fourth commandment to a vote? That is what was done by the Con-gress of the United States, when in the sum-mer of 1892, they decided by vote that " the first day of the week, commonly called Sun-day" is the Sabbath, and that the World's Fair should be closed on that day. But neither Mr. Myers nor the other clergymen who are now so much interested in politics, either " heard the thunders of Sinai," on that occasion, or were in any way disturbed by the event. It is altogether probable that they rejoiced that such a vote had been taken. Again, it will not be denied by these same clergymen that the sale of intoxicating liquors is a violation of the second of the two "great" commandmentsŠ" Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself." Yet the liquor traffic continues its awful course in our midst, not only creating dishonesty and other crim-inal impulses on every hand, but blighting numberless homes and sending its victims annually by hundreds of thousands into dis-honored graves, without a fourth part of the furore from the clergy thktt is being raised by them over the issue of " sound money." It is the proper business of the clergy to deal with moral issues, as these issues con-cern individuals. They are commissioned to be ambassadors for God, to beseech men to become reconciled to God. There is never a time when great moral issues are not claim-ing the attention of individuals everywhere. The controversy between sin and righteous-ness is raging to-day as fiercely as ever, the 