* * * * * * * * CONS, ITV 10p, AMERICAN SENTINEL. 701 guess politics doesn't save anybody from being called/a traitor. "And I should think," added Willie, after a moment's pause, "that if I voted wrong, it would be worse than if 1 didn't vote at all. Lots of people vote for saloons, and gambling houses, and such things. Wouldn't it be better if such people didn't vote?" "Oh, I don't know about that," said Fred, rather dubiously. "But anyway," he added, more confidently, "that's just why good people ought to go into politics, so as to prevent the bad people from running things. I heard the minister say that in his sermon last Sunday." "Well," observed Willie, "my mother says there are a great many more bad people in the country than good people; and I think she's right about it, too. She most always knows about anything that she talks about. "Of course," he continued, "she didn't mean bad peo-ple such as those that murder and steal and have to be sent to jail, but people who are bad enough to vote for things that are bad,Šlike the saloon, you know. I guess there must be more people who want saloons than there are who don't want them, because they can't shut them up by vote, and even where they do vote to do so, they go on running just about the same." "My pa don't believe in prohibition," observed Fred. "He says it's nobody's business what people drink." "Neither does mine," said Willie; "but my mother does; she belongs to the Woman's Christian Temperance Union. She says everybody ought to vote for prohibi-tion." "I heard pa say yesterday that the prohibition vote wouldn't amount to much. Hardly anybody votes for that now," was Fred's comment. "That's what I was saying," said Willie; "if people who don't want saloons and such things are so much fewer than the people who do want them, or who are will-ing to have them, I don't see how they're going to keep the bad people from running things by voting. There's got to be something to make the people better, I guess, before the government can get any better.. That's what my uncle said to me the other day, and he said people couldn't be made any better by voting. He said the only way to make people better was to get them con-verted, and that the preachers ought to be preaching to convert people, instead of preaching to tell people how they ought to vote." "Maybe that's so," said Fred. "I guess thepreachers don't know so much aboutpolitics as theythink they do; anyway, they can't preach politics out of the Bible, and I agree that they ought to stick to the Bible and let other things alone. But I'm on an errand now, and I guess I'll have to be going. Good-bye." "Good-bye," answered Willie; "I'll see you again pretty soon," he called after Fred's retreating figure, "and I'm going to find out all I can about what are the duties of citizens. But I believe," he added to himself, "that my uncle was right when he said that people who -live good lives and are kind and helpful to everybody A Good Book at Half Price. Card. To all interested in carrying the gospel of Jesus Christ tip the inhabitants of other lands and who desire to assist in supporting missionaries already placed and others who may engage in the work, the opportunity is given to make an offering to the Foreign Mission Board of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination. Such donations should be sent to W. H. Edwards, the Treasurer of the Board, 1730 North Fifteenth Street, Philadelphia, Penn. TO OUR PATRON'S: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. -B. Make all Orders andŁDrafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other it.dividual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. ERICAN SENTIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in principle. Published Weekly by Paeifie Press Publishing Go. Single Copy, Per Year, Ct. if Six months, U 4 4 Three " - $1.00. .50 - .25 ADDRESS, AllERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York. around them, are :a great deal better citizens than the people who are always talking about saving the country by their votes." Bible Readings for the Home Circle.ŠThis book comprises 162 readings for public and private study, and answers nearly three thousand questions on religious topics, practical, historical, and prophetical. The work is profusely and beautifully illustrated, and con-tains 600 octavo pages, printed on a superior quality of tinted paper, embellished with 57 full-page engravings and 170 ornamental headings, together with 10 full-page scriptural and prophetic diagrams, 3 colored plates, and other attractive features. This book, when perfect, never sells for less than the regular price, which is $2. We have a number of these which are very slightly damaged, and we propose to give our patrons a benefit by our loss. These books are nice enough for any library, and just the thing to lend to friends for perusal. We will close them out at $1 and postage 25 cents. 