422 AMERICAN SENTINEL. mission to the spiritual guidance of a man. Christian unity is the unity of intelligent submission to the guid-ance of the Holy Spirit. In the former there is the -exercise of human judgment, which is private judgment, on the part of him who " as God, sitteth in the temple of God", and of his counsellors; in the latter there is the enlightenment of the individual understanding by the illumination of the Holy Shirit upon the infallible Word. And in the latter, also, there is spiritual growth; and only by it can spiritual growth be realized. For one cannot grow spiritually on a papal Bull, a decree of a church council, or a church creed. In short, he cannot grow on the word of man, because there is no element of growth in it. In the creeds and decrees which men have fixed there is no room for growth. Nor is it ordained that the child of God shall experience a fitful and uncer-tain spiritual growth by hearing an occasional pro-nouncement upon spiritual things.  by priest or pastor. He is to grow daily, hourly, if he will; and this can be realized only' through the instruction of the ever-present Spirit. "The right of private judgment" as exercised in spiritual things, is a papal principle entirely and the more Rome inveighs against it, the more she condemns herself and justifies the Protestant principle of becom-ing wise unto salvation through the Word of God and the guidance of the Spirit. THE London correspondent of the New York Times, Mr. Harold Frederic, speaks in a recent letter of the prog-ress of the Romeward movement in the Established church. He says that recently the new Bishop of London displayed a mitre, the first one seen in St. Paul's since the Reformation. He reports a large advance in the em-ployment of the confessional and mentions .a recent early morning service in a parish church where he saw "twenty nun-clad women of a Church-of-England order who, during prayers, bowed at the name of Jesus but knelt at the mention of the Virgin Mara k" THE relation of Church and State has been the vexed problem of the civilization of the centuries. The unholy alliance between Church and State has been the principal disturber of the peace of nations'. Whenever the Chris-tian church has sought the favor of rulers or govern_ ments it has been a subject and not a sovereign. Whenever rulers or governments have sought the favor of the Church they have become the abject slaves of ecclesiasticism, the worst bondage ever known to man. Under monarchical government there is a State religion, and religious liberty, if enjoyed at all, is granted as a privilege and not conceded as a right; whereas religious liberty is never a privilege but always a right.ŠRev. Jas. M. King, Secretary National League for Protection of American Institutions. IsŁ it Christian ? BY M. E. KELLOGG. A CORRESPONDENT of the Interior, who is a Doctor of Divinity, in a late number of that paper, gives a very in-teresting description of the way the Sultan of Turkey visits the mosque on Friday to pray. He is not charita-ble enough to admit that he goes to the mosque for any other purpose than to be seen of men, which, of course, may'be true, but it is a well-known fact that tens of thou-sands of professed Christians go to church for the same purpose. But of all the statements made in regard to the Sultan, the most remarkable, to the writer, was the following: "Such is the way the despot of the Bosphorus who is so heartily and affectionately hated by all Chris-tians makes his progress to his place of devotion." An inspired apostle has instructed Christians that they should pray for kings and for all that are in author-ity. This does not mean good kings alone; indeed at the time when the apostle wrote those words the greatest monarchs of the earth were opposed to Christianity, and so, of course, there was greater need of praying for them. Another apostle has instructed us to "honor the king." The question is whether the Christians of the Sultan's dominions have obeyed these injunctions? If Paul and Peter could honor Nero and pray for him, why should not the Armenian Christians who live in the Sultan's do-minions pray for him? It is highly probable that if they had prayed more and plotted less many lives might haie been spared. But to the most interesting point: Do Christians hate Abdul Hamid? Granting even that he is their enemy, should they hate him? Here are some words from Christ, the Author and Founder of Christianity: "For if ye love them which love you, what thank have ye? for sinners also love those who love them. And if ye do good to them which do good to you, what thank have ye? for sinners also do even the same. And if ye lend to them of whom ye hope to receive, what thank have ye? for sin-ners also lend to sinners, to receive as much again. But love ye your enemies and do good, and lend, hoping for nothing again; and your reward shall be great, and ye shall be the children of the Highest: for he is kind unto the unthankful and to the evil." Luke 6:32-35. Now, in view of these words, if we hate anyone, even the Sultan of Turkey, are we Christians? Or, in other words, Is it Christian to hate? The fact that it probably may be truthfully said that the majority of professed Christians actually hate the Sultan is a sad reminder that actual Christians are not nearly so numerous as they are supposed to be. The power of love as seen in the early church con-quered heathenism and Rome. Is there any better way of subduing Mohammedanism and Turkey? THE most powerful force in the universe is love. 