ERICAN SENTIN 7fic 1,11111 [1,11 *till*' *in* Mill, 3, 1, I '),[1111 "IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS. AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. ALONZO T. JONES, EDITOR. NEW YORK, JUNE 17, 1897. VoL. 12, No. 24, Single Copy. 3 cents. The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. *Jr Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no tears that they will be asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Post-office.) GOD had said of Israel, "Lo, the people shall dwell alone, and shall not be reckoned among the nations." But contrary to his expressed will, and against his solemn protest, Israel set up a kingdom and established a State. They did this, they plainly said, that they might be "like all the nations." Contrary to all the Lord's wishes, the people would "be reckoned among the nations." But Israel was the church, while all the nations were States. Israel, therefore, could not be like all the nations without forming themselves into a State. But Israel being the church, could not possibly form themselves into a State without at the same time, and in the very doing of it, forming a union of Church and State. They did form themselves into a State, and did thus unite Church and State. But as this was contrary to the Lord's plain word, and against his solemn protest, it certainly stands as the truth that any union of Church and State is against the plain word and the solemn pro_ test of God. Israel as "the church," which is "the pillar and ground of the truth," was the depository and the repre-sentative of the true religion in the world. Then when Israel formed themselves into a State, this was nothing else than a union of religion and the State. And as their forming of a State was contrary to the expressed will and the solemn protest of the Lord, it is clearly the truth that any connection between religionŠand above all the -true religionŠand the State is positively against the ex-pressed will and the solemn protest of God. And as Israel, the depository and representative of the true religion, in order to form a union of religion and  the State, had to reject God; it is certainly true that every other people in forming a union of religion and the State, do, in the very doing of it, reject God. Nothing can be plainer, therefore, than that the God of heaven and earth, the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, is eternally opposed to a union of religion and the State. He will never be a party to any such transaction. This is why he desired that "the people should dwell alone." This is why he would have it that they should "not be reckoned among the nations." He desired that they should abide with him, and have him their only God, their only King, their only Ruler, their only LawgiverŠtheir "all in all." God wanted not only that Israel, but that all people on the earth, should know that he is better than all other gods, that he is a better king than all other kings, that he is a better ruler than all other rulers, that he is a better Lawgiver than all other lawgivers, that his law is better than all other laws, and that his government is better than all other governments. For this reason he would station Israel in Palestine, at the pivot of the highways of the nations; with the God of heaven as their only King, Ruler and Lawgiver; with his law their only law, and his government their only government; the people dwelling alone and not reckoned among the nationsŠa holy, happy, people; a glorious church. Dwelling thus in the sight of all the nations that had forgotten God, those nations would be constantly taught the goodness of God and would be once more drawn to him. Accordingly he told them "Behold, I have taught you statutes and judgments, . . . that ye should do so in the land whither ye go to possess It. Keep there-fore and do them; for this is your wisdom and your un-derstanding in the sight of the nations, which shall hear all these statutes, and say, Surely this great nation is a wise and understanding people." But Israel would not have it so. Israel would "be reckoned among the nations." Israel would be "like all the nations." And so it has been, from that day to this. 