N "N emu.  Noy' \` \ ‚` \ Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political,ŠThomas 7eferson. VOLUME 4. OAKL AND, CALIFORNIA, OCTOBER 2, 1889. NUMBER 36. .1112e An2ePiew2 Ser2tir2e1. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YOP.K; 18 POST ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.; 12TH & CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. EDITORS, E. J. WAGGONER, ALONZO T. JONES. "THE weapons of our warfare are not carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds." THE daily Oregonian of August 19, tells the following:Š "A Philadelphian engaged in work upon a family vault in a graveyard accidentally got locked in. He began to laugh, but when night came on his compan-ionship with seventeen corpses became anything but a joke, and so worked upon his nervous system that his black hair was turned to white. He has firmly resolved to change his business." Well, well, we should think that any man who would be afraid of a corpse ought to have his hair turned white. We wonder that every separate hair didn't fall out by the roots. It is true that there were seventeen corpses there, but neither seventeen, nor seventeen thousand, corpses are a particle more dangerous than is one. Nor is a corpse any more dangerous in the night than in the day. Yes, we should think he ought to change his business; but what business such a person as that can be fit for in this world or any other, is a mystery. Why didn't he lie down and go to sleep and take things easy till the door was unlocked ? THE Spokane Falls (VT. T.) Review refers to the fact that up in Dakota there was quite "a war of words over the proposition to put God in the Constitution." It says that a Fargo gentle-man, signing himself "Saul," wrote to his home paper opposing the religious features suggested. This writer said that "the Federal Constitution has no such provision, and that it has served a very-good purpose nevertheless." "This," the Re- view continues, "called out a furious tirade from the other side." One writer replies in this vein:Š " If the scoffers and infidels do not wish to live in God's country, let them remove themselves and their odious doctrines to some other country. Not only so, but I hope to see the day when the law will prevent. the circulation of the blasphemies of would-be smart men like " Saul." . . . That the people of the United States have become a prosperous nation, not-withstanding the fact that God is not mentioned in the National Constitution, is a proof, if it proves any-thing at all, not that a people will prosper because they ignore the Supreme cause, butŠthat God is just, and that he does not visit the sins of the Constitution makers upon the people who are not responsible for the reprehensible action. Who is prepared to say,  however, that the authors of this Constitution were not punished? Can Saul assure us that the scoffing infidel of the last century is not suffering the pangs of the lost in the place of eternal punishment?" This is a fair sample of National Reform senti-ment. It is characteristic of that class of so-called Christians who feel the necessity of being branded as such by the Constitution in order to be recog-nized, and that they are ready to use the most unchristian means to further their ends. That Washington Preamble. WE print in this number of the SENTINEL a report of the debate in the Constitutional Conven-tion of 'Washington on the preamble to the pro-posed constitution of that State. This debate is of special interest to more people of this country than simply the people of the State Of Washing-ton. In view of the demand that is being made for a religious amendment to the National Con-stitution, the arguments used and the result in the Washington convention are worthy of care-ful study. It is evident that the opponents of the religious idea had by long odds the best of the argument. Not only so, but these stood solely upon principle, while those who favored it openly confessed that it was a mere matter of sentiment, while some of them went so far as to make it a matter of temporal gain and even of political party influence. Those members of the convention who had most respect for religion and for God as a matter of principle, were opposed to the religious preamble while those who had least respect for religion, whether in principle or in practice, were the ones who favored it most. For instance, Mr. Warner, the chairman of the committee on preamble, is a member of the church and is a gentleman in whose, life, religion and respect for God are matters of abiding prin-ciple; and because this is so he consistently op-posed any sentimental or conjuring use of the holy name. On the other hand, Mr. J. Z. Moore, who had so little respect for God, or religion, or the convention, or himself, as to have a keg of whisky sent all the way from Kentucky fox use during the convention, and openly advertised it in the con-vention on a question of privilege, and made use of it there,Šhe, consistently enough, favored the substitute in order to prevent "a bad exam-ple to the youth of the growing State !" These two cases form as good an illustration of the re-spective merits of the two sides of this question as can ever be found. The arguments proposed in favor of the relig-ious substitute are worthy of brief notice. Thus Mr. Cosgrove wanted the name of God in the preamble as an immigration scheme, and to sustain this idea, he presented the plea that "the people of the East believed that Washington Territory was a heathen land," and are "only now corn- mencing to learn that the people of Washington Territory are civilized and enlightened." We would simply remark, that if Mr. Cosgrove ex-pects by constitutional provisions to instruct the people of the East in regard to the State of Washington he has got a bigger task on his hands than he will ever get through with. In his second speech, Mr. Cosgrove made it a po-litical party matter and a bid for votes by arguing that "The party which organized this convention, from president to page, would be held responsible for all that was left out as well as all that was put into this constitution ; and might find itself need-ing votes for this document from the very peo-ple who would withhold 'them from it unless a simple recognition of the Supreme Being was in." Mr. Turner, the other one of the three chief advocates, of the substitute, first stated that "it was a matter of sentiment, he admitted," but afterward declared that "it was from the highest motives of duty" that he offered the substitute. Yet neither his religious sentiment nor his mo-tives of dUty prevented him from getting roiled at Mr. Sullivan's incisive speech. If it had been a matter of religious principle rather than of sentiment with Mr. Turner; he would have been enabled to keep his temper; yet if it bad been a matter of religious principle and real re-spect for the Lord, he would neither have offered nor supported the substitute that he both offered and supported. This is further shown by the fact that those who favored the substitute started out with a pro-fessed respect for Almighty God and proposed to be grateful to him, but yet they had not gone far before they admitted that it mattered not whether it was He who was recogniied or not, just so it was somebody. Mr. Dyer, who presented one of the substitutes that caused all the debate, in ar-guing for it said he " believed in beginning this great constitution by recognizing the Supreme Being, whether as God, Allah, or Jehovah, and ex-press gratitude to him. Mr. Cosgrove argued in the same line, to the effect that " the man who is not accountable to a Diety of some kind is un-safe in any community." And all the rest who were so strongly sentimental in their favor to Al-mighty God were willing to compromise, as Dyer and Cosgrove were, upon " God, Allah, or Jeho-vah," or "a Diety of some kind ; " all of which conclusively shows that none of those who so strongly favored the substitute had any definite, idea of whom Almighty God is, nor who it was to whom they proposed to be grateful. And so far was their action from being a tribute of re-,spect or gratitude to Almighty God, indeed, that the whole thing was precisely what Mr. E. H. Sullivan called it,jUst " stuff and nonsense ; " and was not far removed from blasphemy. Bias phemy is not only "denying that which is due 