338 t=it S tianity always refused to recognize any validity whatever in the argument, and it always will. The rulers of Massachusetts put the Quakers to death, and banished the Antinomians and " sua-baptists," not because of their religious tenets, but because of their violations of the civil laws. This is the justification which they pleaded, and it was the best they could make. Miserable excuse! But just so it is: wherever there is such a union of Church and State, heresy and heretical practices are apt to become violations of the civil code, and are punished no longer as errors in religion, but infractions of the laws of the land. So the defend-ers of the Inquisition have always spoken and written in justification of that awful and most in-iquitous tribunal.ŠBaird's "Religion in America," page 94, note. The truth of the matter is, that the fact that religious belief is one of the founda-tions of the custom is the strongest pos-sible objection that could be made to its being recognized and enforced by the civil power. This is demonstrated by several distinct counts. 1. Jesus Christ has commanded, "Ren-der to Cesar the things that are Caesar's; and to God the things that are God's." In this the Lord has distinctly and positively separated that which pertains to Csar from that which pertains to God, Things religious, are due to God only; things civil, are due to Caesar. When the civil powerŠCaesarŠexacts that which is due to God, then it puts itself in the place of God, and so far as this exaction in rec-ognized, God is denied; civil and religious things are confounded ; the distinction which Christ has made is practically thrown aside ; and the things which he separated are joined together. Upon another subject, he declared, " What God hath joined together, let not man put asunder." And upon this subject, it may be declared with equal force,Šwhat God hath separated, let not man join together. When the civil power legally adopts a re-ligious custom, and enforces the observ-ance thereof, it does put itself in the place of God. But no power has any right, to put itself in the p1ce of God. Therefore, no civil pow"can of right ever legally adopt and enforce any religious custom or religious observance. And wherever such a thing is done, he who regards God the most will respect such action the least. 2. The history of more than eighteen centuries demonstrates that the very worst bane of government is for religionists to have control of the civil power. The legal recognition and enforcement of religious customs, or of customs of which religion is the foundation, is to give religionists control of the civil power just to that ex-tent. And the doing of the thing to any extent justifies the doing of it to every conceivable extent. It was this that tor-tured Christians to death under Pagan Rome, and in later centuries under Papal Rome. It was this that burnt John Huss at Constance, and Servetus at Geneva; and that whipped and banished the Bap- tists, and banished and hanged the Qua-kers, in New England. The fathers of the American Republic, having before them the whole of this dreadful history, proposed that the people of this Nation should be profited by the fearful example, and should be forever free from any such thing. They there-fore completely separated the national Government from any' connection what-ever with religion, either in recognition or in legislation. And in this they set to the States, the perfect example of human government, which example has been fol-lowed in the Constitutions of the States, and by none more thoroughly than by Tennessee. Yet, it has ever been the hardest thing to get the courts of the States to recognize the principle, though distinctly declared in the State Constitutions. And here, in the very first instance in which a United States Court has had opportunity to no-tice it, instead of the principle being rec-ognized, it is revolutionized. And instead of the American doctrine of the nineteenth century, the Roman doctrine of the third century is inculcated. 3. We have proved by the express words of Christ, the divine right of dissent in all religious things; that any man has the divine right to dissent from any and every religious doctrine or observance of any body on earth. So long as civil govern-ment keeps its place, and requires of men only those things which pertain to Caesar, things civil, so long there will be neither dissent nor disagreement, but peace only, between the Government and all Christian sects or subjects. But just as soon as civil government makes itself the partisan of a religious party, and sets itself up as the champion of religious observances, just so soon this right of dissent in religious things is extended to the authority of the Government, in so far as that authority is thus exercised. And so far there will be dissent on the part of every Christian in the Government. Sunday observance is in itself religious, and religious only. The institution is wholly ecclesiastical. The creation of the institution was for religious purposes only. The first law of government enforcing its observance was enacted with religious in-tent; such has been the character of every Sunday law that ever was made; and such its character is recognized to be in the case at bar in the decision under discus-sion. The Sunday institution is of eccle-siastical origin only, and its observance is religious only. It is the divine right of every man utterly to ignore the institu-tion; to disregard its 'observ_ancei and to dissent from the authority -which insti-tuted or enjoins it. And when any State or civil government makes itself the par-tisan of the ecclesiastical body which in-stituted it, and the champion of the eccle-siastical authority which enjoins it, and enacts laws to compel men to respect it, and observe it, this divine right of dissent is then extended to the authority of the  Government, so far as it is thus exercised. The fact that religious belief is the foundation of the custom, is the one grand objection to its observance by any law of any government on earth. And as for the Government of the United States, or of the several States, so entirely is this true, and so certainly and firmly does the prin-ciple hold, that even an act which might otherwise be deemed expedient or val-uable as a municipal regulation, would be positively precluded by the Constitution, if it forbade or enjoined any religious ob-servance; that is, if it infringed the free exercise of religion. This point is well stated by the Supreme Court of California, in these words :Š Had the Act been so framed as to show that it was intended by those who voted for it, as simply a municipal regulation ; yet, if, in fact, it contra-vened the provision of the Constitution securing ,religious freedom to all, we should have been com-pelled to declare it unconstitutional for that rea-son,-9 Lee, 515. Therefore, the simple truth is, that, that which the Judge pronounces no objection is in itself the strongest possible objec-tion. "The fact that religious belief is one of the foundations of the custom"Šthis fact is in itself the one supreme objec-tion which sweeps away every excuse, and annihilates every argument that ever can be made in favor of any Sunday law, or in favor of any other law recognizing or enforcing any religious observance, or any custom founded upon any religious ob- servance. A. T. J. Paste This in Your Hat. REFERRING to that part of Judge Ilam- xnond's decision in the King case in which it is stated that " malice, religious or oth-erwise, may dictate a prosecution," and if man has by law set Sunday apart for rest, "it must be obeyed as man's law if not as God's law," the Michigan Christian Ad- vocate, of August 22, 1891, says:Š We respectfully advise our Adventist friends in Michigan, especially those who are unusually noisy on Sunday, to paste the above statement in some conspicuous place where they can see it often. The Sabbath law must be obeyed. People are free to proclaim doctrine in opposition to law, and thereby seek to have the law repealed, but while the law stands it must be respected and obeyed. The Michigan law does not compel any one to observe' Sunday as the Sabbath, but it does restrain them from interfering with others who wish to observe it. No more disturbance of Sunday worship, if you please. We would suggest to all who think the spirit of religious bigotry and* intolerance dead in this country, that they cut out and paste the above statement of the Methodist Michigan Christian Advocate in some conspicuous place. The editor"  of the Advocate knows that it needs no Sunday law to restrain Adventists, or any. body else from disturbing worshipers on. Sunday, any more than it needs a Thurs-day night law to restrain the like when prayer-meetings are generally held. And further, this editor knows, if he known 