THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. ject of the first Sunday-law that ever was made. This lengthy extract from the chief worker for Sunday-laws, shows that the logic of Sunday-laws is that there are hosts of people in the church who profess to be what they are not, and therefore these laws are .demanded in order that they may com-pel everybody else to be just what they are. Of course we do not blame anybody for not observing Sunday, nor do we blame anybody for observing it. Any person has a perfect right to observe Sunday if he chooses, as also a person has a right not to observe it at all if he does not wish to. But when men who profess to be observ-ers of the day attach themselves to a church whose rules require its observance, then we do insist that they ought to be honest enough to stand by their profes-sions. But if they are not honest enough to be indeed what they profess to be, then if they obtain laws compelling other people to act as they do, the only possible fruit of the enforcement of such laws can be but to multiply hypocrites. If all those who profess to observe Sunday were to put their hearts in it, and observe it consistently with their profession, they would do ten thousand times as much to-ward securing its required observance as all the Sunday laws can do in a thousand years. But if they have not conscience enough nor honesty enough to respect the rules of the church to which they belong, or obey the laws which are already on the statute books of nine-tenths of the States and Territories, then what in the world is the use of multiplying laws ? If they will not obey the laws already enacted, how can they be expected to obey others that may be enacted? From the first sentence of the foregoing extract it appears that Mr. Crafts's object is, by means of Sunday laws, to create in the church members sufficient conscience to lead them to do what their church obli-gations already require that they shall do. Because, he says, "In the Christian de-scendants of the Puritans conscience is no longer regnant, but indulgence reigns in-stead." This, in fact, is the tone of the article all the way through. He complains against the Sunday newspaper because that by it " families are solicited all the week to violate conscience by announce-ments that the best articles are being held back for Sunday readers." But whether or not he expects Sunday laws to cultivate conscience where there is little, and create it where there is none, this much is certain: this statement shows as plainly as words can, that the intent of Sunday laws is that they shall have to do with the consciences of men. This is another fact that annihilates every vestige of the authority of the civil Sabbath. Civil statutes have to do only with man's actions as relating to their fellow-men. But there is no such thing as conscience toward man. There is no such thing as conscientious re- lationship between men. Conscience per-tains wholly to man's relationship to God. Conscience has to do with God and with the things of God. Conscience pertains wholly to the realm of religion, and when-ever it is admitted that Sunday laws have anything to do with conscience, either di-rectly or indirectly, in that it is admitted and claimed that 'such laws have to do with religion. In this statement, therefore, it is for-mally admitted by Mr. Crafts that Sunday laws do invade, and are intended to invade, the realm of conscience. A. T. J. The Minority. FANATIC! the insect hissed, till he taught them to understand That the highest crimes may be written in the high-est law of the land. " Disturber and dreamer ! " the Philistines cried, while he preached an ideal creed, Till they learned that the men who have changed the world, with the world have disagreed; That the remnant is right, while the masses are led like sheep to the pen, And the instinct of equity slumbers, until roused by instinctive men ŠJohn Boyle O'Reilly. Still Strong for Evil. IMMEDIATELY following the Second An-nual Session of the American Sabbath Union, held in Philadelphia, December 8 and 9, 1890, we wrote a notice of the said meeting, closing it' with these words : "Jealousies and dissensions are weaken-ing it, and unless wiser counsels prevail in the coming year, than appeared in the Philadelphia meeting, their bond of union may prove a rope of sand." Nevertheless, we do not believe, nor would we wish our readers to understand that we expect to see any division in the ranks of the Sun-day advocates that will seriously weaken, or even greatly retard their movement. The matter of difference in the Philadel-phia meeting was wholly as to methods and management. It was in fact almost a personal matter between Mr. Crafts, the founder of the Union, and Mr. Shepard, its principal financial supporter and its.  President.. Upon the question of the en-forcement ',,of Sunday observance by civil law, there was no difference of opinion ex-pressed, and we believe none entertained. The meeting was unanimously in favor, so far as any expression was concerned, of securing and enforcing Sunday laws. True, there might have been, and prob-ably was, some difference of opinion as to the basis of these laws, but that is merely technical. Sunday is a religious institu-tion, and the zeal of these men for its ob-servance, springs wholly from their regard for the day as a religious institution. The basis of the American Sabbath Un-ion is the fourth commandment, which is wholly religious. It is true that , in his work for the Sabbath Union, Mr. Crafts has made .a special plea for Sunday laws  on what he calls the "civil basis," that is for sanitary and economic reasons, but he has also declared: " Take the religion out and you take the rest out," and refuses persistently to accept any compromise pro-p9,sed, which will eliminate religious fea-tures from. Sunday laws. It IS evident, therefore, that his plea for the so-called civil Sabbath, is made simply to enlist in behalf of his movement the co-operation of that class known as- the " working-men." His wish is to array upon the side of Sunday laws, the men Who carry tin pails, and dinner baskets, and to this end he plea& for what he claims would be a law giving the laboring man a weekly rest day. We are in favor of everything tending to improve the condition of the toiling masses, but we are not in favor of so hedging -every man in by civil law, that he would be compelled' to rest, whether he desires to do so or not. Nor do we believe that it is necessary to pass laws compel-ling a weekly rest. The trend of the age is in the, direction of shorter hours of labor, and more frequent holidays. The eight-hour movement is gathering force with each passing year, and is only a question of time, when tradesmen and laborers in many departments of industry, will work only eight hours per day, and as a general thing only six days per week. This will be true whether laws are passed declaring that it must be so or not. But that which we started to say was that instead of being weakened, the Sun-day advocates are constantly growing stronger, because their forces are being augmented, and their numbers increased constantly. The work of organization is being carried rapidly forward. It was stated in the Philadelphia meeting, that more has been done within two years in awakening a sentiment in favor of Sunday laws than in the last quarter of a century. The West especially has been thoroughly organized in the interests of the American Sabbath Union. Almost every Western, State has its State association, and many county associations have also been formed. Numerous secretaries have been appointed, and these are pushing the work in every quarter. Papers already established have been enlisted in the movement, and new ones have been started for the express pur-pose of voicing the sentiments of these organizations. This is briefly the condi-tion of things in the West. In the South, not so much has been ac-complished, but this is owing, not to a lack of 'sentiment favorable to the object of the American Sabbath Union, but rather to prejudice against the President of the Union because of his intense polit-ical partisanship. As Mr. Crafts said to a reporter of a Philadelphia paper, " the South hates Colonel Shepard, and abom-inates his paper." But this does not weaken, in the least, the feeling of the South. favorable to rigid Sunday laws. 