ADVERTISING RATES made known on appli-cation. No inivertisements of patent medicines, novelties, cigars, tobacco, liquors, novels or ,,any-thing of alriVial, intemperate, immora or impure nature accepted. We reserve the right to reject ANY Advertisement. ORAL AND SCIENTIFIC COMPANION, 'Flor-ence, Arizona; illustrated, wide-awake; 25c per year. Ads is per word. ARE YOU GOING EAST? IE so, you will find it to your advantage to write to B. It. Nordyke, care Par iflc Press, Oakland, Cal., in regard to route, tickets, etc. His next party starts for Chicago and New York Dec. 2) or 22. 121110 Cloth, $1.50. Sent post-paid on receipt of price. Address all orders lo PACIFIC 'PRESS PUBLISHING CO., Olt, 43 gond Street, Votk. OFIKLIF1441), IMPORTANT PAPER FILE. HIS PILE is designed to keep Important Papers together in an orderly manner, absolutely free from dust and wear. Its system of filing, though simple, is the most satisfactory ever devised for private papers, or the miscellaneous folded papers that accumulate in the pigeon-holes of safes and desks. DESCRIPTION. The back of the file is constructed of handsomely finished metal, which is bent at an angle in front, forming a label holder as shown in the cut. Russia leather flaps are attached to the ends of the metal back and fold over the contents of the file. Twenty-five document entelopes (heavy manilla) ruled for memoranda and numbered to corre-spond with the index, are furnished with each file. These may be removed at will, or other envelopes may be added to the file. Two of our patent elastic band holders form a part of the back of the file. They make the common elastic bands, so much used, doubly valuable, since the bands are always in place, and can-not be dropped or mislaid. In case a band is worn out, another can be slipped into its- place instantly. This file adjusts itself to the amount of matter placed in it, whether it be much or little. SIZES AND PRICES. No. 9 (Size 9 *4 in.), with 25 ruled envelopes, $1.00. No. Ii (Size rox,f in.), with 25 ruled envelpes, 1.25. This file is sent post-paid on receipt of price. Address all orders to PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, OAKLAND, CAL, _AezIts WanteCI. TEIE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 375 tiverti5entents. PACIFIC Bits2ess ColleEel Post St., F. Life Scholarship, $75. ' Send for Catalogue. Ł BURG  E:i j HAEALDSCSBURG; CAT,(1)-"P"  A MODEL EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTION. Four courses of instruction; classical," scientific, and normal; also preparatory instruction given in a primary and grammar course. Instruction thorough and practical, not only in the collegiate course but especially so in the preparatory courses. Discipline rigid, yet parental, combined with strong Moral end religious influence. Expenses moderate. The whole cost to the stu-denkfor tuition, board, lodging, lights, washingŠall expenses except books and clothes, from $18 to $20 per month of four weeks. Spring term begins Wednesday, January 1, 1890. For descriptive catalogue and further information, address the principal, W. C. GRAINGER, Healdsburg, Cal. Ł FresnoŠand Merced County, Lands TO RENT AND FOR SALE. ties, to rent for EL term of years. Alto 15,000 Acres of Wheat and Sugar Beet Land ill the above Coun-190;000 kris' of fine Raisin, Fruit, Al- falfa, and Sugar Beet Land, wi h wafer for irrigation, for sale in tracts of from 20 acres to large tracts suitable for Colony pur-, poses. For particulars, apply to, E. B. PERRIN, 402 Kearny Street, —San _Francisco, - , Cal. "The Ideal" Account and Memorandum Book; and. Business Guide (Copyrighted). SPECIAL FEATURES; Fully and plainly speci-fied accounts ; silicate slatesŠfor both slate and lead-pencil, contains-slate-pencil and lead-pencil Willi eraser); a printed wishing listŠon silicate (very convenient); business and legal forms, etc., etc. 150 pages, 51,4x5//, inches. Substantially bound, in full RUSSIA only. Price, only $1.00, post-paid. To book dealers, $6.00 per set (8), express paid. Strictly first-class, very popular. A handsome and useful holiday present. Order at once of the publisher, A. L. ANTHONY, Yountville, Cal. P ACIFICTIEALTH !JOURNAL AND TEMPERANCE ADVOCATE. A THIRTY-Two PAGE MONTEILY MAGAZINE, devoted to the dissemination of true temperance principles, and instruction in the art of preserving health. It is em-phatically A JOURNAL FOR ME PEOPLE, Containing what everybody, wants to know, and is thoroughly practical. Its range of subjects is un-limited, embracing everything that in any way affects the health. Its articles being short and pointed, it is specially adapted to farmers, mechanics, and house-keepers, who have but little leisure for reading: It is just the journal that every family needs, and may be read with profit by all. Price, $100 per year, or with the 300-page premium,bookŠm Prctical Manual of Hygiene and Temperance," containing household and cooking recipesŠpost-paid for $1:40. —, Address, PACIFIC HEALTPI JOURNAL, OAKLAND, (AL. G. II. KRIECH13AIJM, DENTIST, Ł office 854i Broadway, Corner Seventh, Oakland. Office Flours--9 to 12 A. 111/ and 1 to 5 r, M. Rooms 17 Elia 18, "Professor Moses makes his account of government in Switzer-land a study of what might be called comparative politics. He dis-cusses the antecedents of Swiss federalism, the distribution of power, the characteristics of the legislature, the executive and the judiciary, has chapters on foreign and internal relations, sketches the military status and the condition of the finances, analyzes the rights and privileges served under the Swiss constitution, and concludes with an interesting chapter on the common prosperity. Painstaking and elaborate in method, written from abundant knowledge, and animated by a truly philosophical spirit, this book of Professor Moses is an excellent example of what American his-. torians are now accomplishing in all the various fields of contem-porary research."ŠBoston Beacon. " The introduction, which may be read in ten minutes, gives one of the clearest and best explanations of what the Swiss fed-eration now is and how it happened to be what it is, that could possibly be condensed into as many pages. . . . The body of the work is both interesting and valuable in its analytical view of the history and the constitution of Switzerland, and the book is well worthy the attention of all studentsŠespecially of the students of Republican America."-Detroit Free Press. "Those who desire to find a clear, concise statement of the polit-ical condition of the Swiss people cannot fipd a better volume than this of Professor Moses. It goes straight to its work without circumlocution."Š Chicago Inter-Ocean. " Professor Moses has rendered a most important service to the cause of scientific historical study in his clear and philosophical essay on the 'Federal Government of Switzerland.'"ŠBoston Even-ing Traveler. " It is scholarly, thoughtful and thorough. Its political phil-osophy is of the soundest. These things constitute the book one of special value. "ŠNeu, York Examiner. SIMPLICITY, NEATNESS AND -UTILITY COMBINED. "A book that will appeal with especial force to the situdent of history."ŠBoston Commonwealth "it is a valuable work for students of constitutional law and for all readers interested in the science of government."ŠIndianapo-lis Journal. 'An interesting volume. . . . It will be found of great value to the student of history and of political economy, not only be-cause its well-written pages serve to make the reader familiar with the constitutional history ,of Switzerland, but because the 'essay' in its careful comparison of other governments--notably republi-can or popular, like the United States and Great BritainŠsupplies much needed illustration and elucidation of governmental meth-ods. "ŠBoston Globe. "Professor Moses goes at his labor with the zeal and analytical interest of the practical economist. . . . Yet more valuable than the author's analysis of government is the philos6phic vein which runs through the pages. This draws equally from American and foreign constitutional history to illustrate or fortify the writer's statements."ŠUtica Herald. " Dr.Moses writes with critical care and has produced a work of much value."--Magazine of American History. " Dr. Moses has apparently studied the Swiss constitution only,  in books and documents, but he hat studied his documents thor-oughly. . . . The puzzles of legal and political sovereignty, in which writers of great reputation have been brought to confusion ere now, have no terrors for him. Ile takes the point quite straightforwardly and correctly; 'Since the Swiss constitution is the fundamental law of the State, its makers are recognized as the legal sovereigns in Switzerland. . . . Those who are, or who have been, compelled to use Austin's lectures, either as learners'  or as teachers, may well wish that he had been as cleer-headed as Professor Moses when he attempted to make the Constitution of the United States fit into his theory.' "ŠSaturday Review (London). WILL SAVE TIME AND PREVENT , LOSS. s. THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT OF SWITZERLAND. JE3-sr E31=3.17A.laD MOSES, Professor of History and Political Economy, University, of California. 