AMERICAN SENTINEL. 293 of God's landmarks, and are looking for the near advent of the Saviour of mankind. "And to take a step into the future, Isaiah 66:22, 23 shows that it will be known and observed in the blessed new earth which the Lord is going to make. How con-sistent, then, that it should be kept by Christians now when on the very borders of the eternal world ! God in a special manner gave His people the Sabbath shortly be-fore bringing them into the promised land of Canaan, and so He is again in a special manner restoring it to His people just before He takes them into the great antitypi-cal promised land." Ł -4  PARISŠnovelty-seeking ParisŠhas a novelty at last which it is to be hoped will supply all the demand in that line for a long time to come. A noteworthy feature of the terrible calamity which has plunged all Europe into mourning, is the fact, as related in the New York Herald, that an unusual number of people filled the Charity Bazaar on the fateful afternoon, because of the presence of the papal nuncio, Mgr. Clari, who had come to pro-nounce his blessing upon the enterprize. It was just after the papal blessing had been pronounced, and the nuncio had taken his departure, that death, in a whirlwind of flame, blotted the enterprise, and scores of those engaged in it, out of existence. A terrible illustration this of the amount of protection that can be conferred by the papal blessing. Christendom's Call to War. BY E. J. WAGGONER. IT seems as though Christendom were becoming in-toxicated with the spirit of vengeance, so that the most peaceably inclined men have lost their senses. One reli-gious paper reprints some floating newspaper stories derogatory to the character of Turks in general, and then exclaims editorially,Š " Ought such a nation to be tolerated for a moment on the face of the earth?" and that but expresses the general sentiment among preachers and people. Just analyze this: "Ought such a nation to be toler-erated for a moment on the face of the earth ?" is the same as, "Ought such people to be tolerated fora moment on the face of the earth?" and that includes thousands of individuals, of each of whom it is virtually said, "Ought such a person to be tolerated for a moment on the face of the earth ?" That is to say, the spirit of intolerance is already so firmly rooted in the hearts of professed Christians, that they do not wish to tolerate for a mo-ment the existence of those whom they, taking the throne of judgment, have decided to be unfit to live. What is that but charging God with laxness in the discharge of his duty, because he suffers wicked men to live? How different from the Spirit of Christ! When he was rejected by the Samaritans, and two disciples wished  to command fire to come down and consume the inhos-pitable people, he rebuked them, saying, " Ye know not what manner of spirit ye are of. For the Son of man is not come to destroy men's lives, but to save them/ Luke 9 : 51-56. The spirit of desiring to be the instru-ments of God's vengeance has always been more promin-ent than the desire to be instruments of his mercy, and when it is once cherished it inevitably results in getting ahead of the Lord, and being both judge and executioner. THE TRUE CHRISTIAN SPIRIT. But we have a still stronger rebuke of this bitter, warlike spirit. When Jesus had been betrayed into the hands of his enemies, and a mob of men came to seize him and put him to death, Peter drew a sword in his defense. The blow just missed the head of one of the gang of mur-derers, and cut off his ear. " Then said Jesus to him, Put up again thy sword into his place; for all they that take the sword shall perish with the sword." Matt. 26: 51, 52. And then, as an evidence that he came not to,  take life but to save it, Jesus healed his wounded enemy. Luke 22:50, 51. If there was ever a time when it was right to resist oppression and injustice, it was then. Jesus was inno-cent, as even his judges declared. Here was the worst kind of religious persecution. Every indignity, insult,  and outrage was heaped upon Jesus, yet he opened not his mouth, and forbade his followers to fight in his de-fense. How then can any of his followers fight in defense of themselves, or even of their brethren who are perse-cuted? The disciple is not greater than his Lord. Peter was well-meaning and sincere in his defense of the Lord, and so would we fain believe are those who now counsel drawing the sword in behalf of the Armen-ians. But Peter did not then know the Spirit of the Gospel. He was not converted, and within a few hours after his impulsive defense he denied that he knew the Lord. His example is not one to be followed by disci-ples of Christ. When he became converted, he learned to know the Lord. Christians are called to follow Christ's example, and to suffer unjustly, without complaining, much less resist-ing; yet all over the world professed Christians are deny-ing this calling. Why is it ?ŠIt is because a spirit, not from the Lord, is seeking to drive them to destruction, for Jesus said, "All they that take the sword shall perish with the sword." If Satan can only succeed in filling Christians with such zeal for any cause whatever, no matter how worthy, that they will fight for it, he knows that their destruction is sure. Mark the word " all." There is no exception. "All they that take the sword shall perish with the sword." It makes no difference who handles it. The sword vigor-ously wielded by the hands of professed Christians will work as much havoc and destruction as in the hands of infidels, as history abundantly proves. The fact that a man calls himself a Christian, does not make it anymore a righteous deed for him to cleave another man's head 