336 Sk..NTILIENR41.4. VOL. 10, No. 42. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 24, 1895. VW' ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. READ the notice of " The Rights of the People," on page 334, and then procure and read the book. Do you want an interlinear literal transla-tion of the Greek New Teastament ? If so, read the advertisement on the preceding page. This one is superior to the Emphatic Diaglott. It is better print and the marginal text is the authorized translation. THERE is something wrong with the per-ceptions of the person who refrains from Sun-day work as a matter of conscience, and yet is not satisfied to make that sacrifice to his reli-gion unless it is made by others likewise, and that without reference to their own conscience in the matter. THE Independent, of the 10th inst., has this:Š On the Jewish Day of Atonement, in this city, the cessation of business almost made a Sunday out of Saturday in some of the principal streets. It was proved possible for Jews to keep one Sabbath in the year; and if one, why not all ? Sure enough! Why not? And if Jews can keep the Sabbath, why must Christians have a law to enable them to keep Sunday? POPE LEO XIII. has written to the Catholic hierarchy of America, condemning congresses of religion. It is said that the projectors of the World's Fair Congress of Religions ex-pected it would lead to further congresses merging all sects and creeds. It is not prob-able, however, that the pope fears this: but Roman Catholics cannot meet other creeds on terms of equality. Rome assumes to be the church. THE " Sunday Reform Leaflet," issued at Columbus, 0., says: " In the interest of American homes we need the weekly day of sweetness and love." But Christianity makes every day a " day of sweetness and love," and nothing less than this is needed " in the in-terest of American homes." It is our opinion that without these graces during six days of the week, the " weekly day of sweetness and love" will be much more of a farce than a reality. ONE plea for the Sunday law says, " Close all on Sunday and no loss to any; there should be equal rights in trade." But such a law does not give equal rights to those who feel conscientiously bound to close their business on the seventh dayŠthe busiest day of the week. Nor can the law undertake to see that  all men have equal advantages in trade. It is only for Sunday that a law is asked to en-force simultaneous closing of places of busi-ness. A man's advantage in trade depends almost wholly upon his location, his resources, and his energy and ability in conducting his business. --a  THERE are several cases still pending against Adventists at Graysville, Tenn., for Sunday work. They will be tried probably the first week in November. Among these cases is the indictment against E. R. Gillett, the old sol-dier, who, having aided in conquering the South in war, moved to Tennessee to assist in carrying forward that conquest by the arts of peace. He is loved and respected by all who know him, only excepting the misguided men who have invoked the "law" against him. Quartermaster Gillett, with his honorable record in the army and in the Iowa legisla-ture, will doubtless bear himself equally well as a soldier of Jesus Christ in a Tennessee chain-gang. IT is a fact worthy of notice that leading Catholic prelates are becoming much more outspoken than formerly in the matter of Sun-day observance. That the papacy should favor a general and marked deference on the part of the people to the Sunday-sabbath, is not at all strange, in view of the importance that institution has in the papal economy, being the uplifted sign of her authority in spiritual things, and also the badge of the homage paid the papacy by Sunday-keeping Protestants. With her characteristic pru- dence, Rome refrained from taking the lead in the Sunday crusade, lest it should be given a Romish stamp which would prejudice it in the public mind. Bnt she sees that it is safe and expedient to follow closely the " Protes-tant" lead in the matter, giving her powerful support to what is done, until this Protestant indorsement of her claims and her methods shall in turn become a most powerful aid to her. WE noted in these columns last week, the imposition of a fine and costs upon a Seventh-day Adventist in Texas, because he refused to work on the roads upon the seventh day, " the Sabbath of the Lord." This man's defense was that he could not conscientiously work upon that day, and that under the constitution of Texas he could not be legally required to work upon any day set apart by his religion as a day of rest and wor-ship. Article 1, Section 6, of the State Con-stitution, is as follows:Š All men have a natural indefeasible right to wor-ship Almighty God according to the dictates of their own consciences, and no human authority ought in any case whatever to control or interfere in 'matters of religion; and it 'is the duty of the State to pass such laws as may be necessary to protect equally every denomination in the peaceable enjoyment of its own mode of worship. This was read to the court by this Seventh-day Adventist, but the justice(?) held that it did not cover the case, and so imposed a fine  and costs, amounting to $20.25. The defend-ant promptly appealed the case to the higher court where he hopes to get justice. By the way, what would the good Sunday-keepers of Texas think of a " law " under which they were liable to be required to work the roads on Sunday? Would they not regard it as an infringement of their rights of con-science ? REFERRING to the Sunday crusade in that city, the Boston Herald of the 6th inst., says:Š It will behoove the police commissioners to pause before they undertake to prohibit the Jews from trans-acting business on Sunday so long as they observe the Jewish Sabbath. It is an assault on religious liberty that has been one of the bulwarks of our common-wealth from its foundation. The Providence Journal likewise ventures the opinion that " if the laws of Massachusetts sanction the arrest of all the Jews in Boston who are found keeping their shops open on Sunday, they need reforming as badly as did the ancient Puritanical proscriptions when emigrants from Massachusetts Bay found their way to Rhode Island and Providence planta-tions." This is all well enough so far as it goes; but why exempt only those who " observe the Jewish Sabbath " If the prohibition of Sunday work rests upon "moral " grounds, as it has been held to do in most States, how can anybody be consistently exempted from the provisions of the " law" ? And if it rests upon sanitary grounds why not exempt all who rest upon some other day? Why cannot people see the utter inconsistency and impro-priety of all " laws " which forbid honest em-ployment on any day? SAID the Rev. W. R. Huntington, rector of Grace Protestant Episcopal Church, on a recent Sunday, as reported by the Mail and Express, "This Republic is a Christian na-tion. If any man doubts it, if anybody is convinced that all moralities are equally toler-able in the United States of America under existing conditions, let him test his conviction by openly practicing another sort of morality than the Christian and he will presently dis-cover his error." Intolerance an evidence of Christian char-acter! A poorer proof that this is a truly Christian nation could certainly not have been produced. COMPULSORY " rest" is not rest at all, but simply the worst form of idleness. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward-a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 and under 25 copies to one address, 1 year - 75c " 25 and under 50 " " " 1 " - 60c " 50 and under 100 "" " - 55c " 100 or more 44 44 1 44 50c  To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 1 " - 5s Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York City. 