THE A1VIrRICAN SENTINELŁ 61 usual success of such efforts, that is, to prove emphatically the contrary. He says :Š "Such a day [as is secured by well-enforced Sabbath laws] causes rich and poor to meet on the platform of "ŠWhat suppose you, reader? On the platform of " health " inter-ests? of " educational " interests ? of the bless-ings of " home virtues "? on the platform of " patriotism "? Not at all. But " causes rich and poor to meet on the platform of religious equality." Yet Sunday laws well-enforced have 'no relation to religion 1 Again:Š " Liberty allows the majority no right . . . to enforce its religion upon others. But inas-much as more than three-fourths of the pop-ulation are members or adherents of Christian churches, and so accustomed to set apart the first day of each week for rest and religion; and inasmuch as it is the conviction of this majority that the nation cannot be preserved without religion, nor religion without the Sab-bath, nor the Sabbath without laws, therefore (Sabbath laws are enacted, &c. Ł Let us analyze this. (a) The nation cannot be preserved without religion. (12) But relig-ion cannot be preserved without the Sabbath. (c) But the Sabbath cannot be preserved with-out laws. Now if these laws are to preserve the Sabbath that the Sabbath may preserve re-ligion, it inevitably follows that all such laws are enacted in the interests of religion solely. To obtain proof that Sunday laws "in rela-tion to health" are justifiable, Mr. Crafts sent out the following question :- 4" In your observation of clerks, mechanics, and other employes, which class are in the best physical and mental condition for the re-newal of business on Monday morning, those who are church-goers, or those who spend the Sabbaths in picnics and other pleasures?" To secure testimony to show whether Sun-, day laws are justifiable on the score of health, he inquires which class has the better health on Mondays, church-goers or non-church-goers and yet Sunday laws have no relation to re-ligion !I . But what answer did he get ? He says he received written answers from about one hun-dred and fifty persons, and "the general an-swer is ! church-goers.' " One says, " The church-goers are worth twenty-five per cent. more on an average." Another says, " Church-goers. Their conscience is void of offense. Their mental peace and comfort impart in-creased power and endurance to the physical system." Another says, " Many workingmen have told me that a short, practical sermon rests them." Another says, "The church-go-ers are as fresh as larks, while the pleasure-goers have aches in the head, heart, and home, and so come into the week all out of breath." Mr. Clem. Studebaker answers, " My observation is, that clerks and mechanics who spend their Sabbaths in church and Sabbath-school work are the best fitted for the duties of the office or shop on Monday morning." And Col. Franklin Fairbanks answers, " Those who attend church and Sunday-school on Sunday are the most valuable in our business. I can tell the difference between them and the others by their work in the shop." And last, Dr. Crafts says, " Scores of manufacturers and merchants on both sides of the sea, agree  that those who go to church on Sunday are best fitted to go to work on Monday." Now we do not object at all to these state-ments. We do not doubt in the least that such is the fact in the case, as a rule. We freely admit that Sabbath-keeping, church-going people are better off in every respect than are those who are not such kind of peo-ple. It is not at all to the statements, nor to the fact, that we object. But we do most de-cidedly object to the use that he makes of them in his argument. For if his argument proves anything at all, it proves positively that laws should be enacted compelling everybody to go to church on Sunday. Mark, his proposition is that "laws re-quiring that the people shall rest on Sunday from the exciting pursuit of gain and amuse-ment are consistent with liberty in the same way as other health laws." But all his proofs show that it is the church-goers who above all have the best health. The only conclusion therefore that can be draim from his premises is that the State should enact laws compelling everybody to go to church on Sunday, and listen to a short, practical sermon to rest them, because their health will be twenty-five per cent. better than if they don't. And so all such laws "are consistent with liberty in the same way as other health laws." And yet Sunday laws well enforced have no relation to religion! And so will end, logically, every argument that is ever made to justify Sunday laws on a "civil basis." We say again, There is no such basis, and nothing is needed to more plainly prove it than do these attempts to prove that there is, which always end in proving the opposite. Thus says Mr. Crafts:Š "Sabbath laws for protecting the worship-ing day of the prevailing religion, . . . are vindicated." And so he goes on, insisting all the time that Sunday laws must have " no relation to religion," yet proving by every line of argu-ment, in spite of his propositions, and in spite of logic, that such laws are wholly in the inter-ests of religion. So it is; and always will be, with everyone who attempts the task. All of this goes to show that the animus of the whole discussion is the Sunday as a religious institution, and the enforcement of its observ-ance as such. A further illustration of this is seen in the above quotation. Notice, he says the " majority has no right to enforce its religion upon otheis." Then without the slight-est break, or hesitation, he goes right forward and declares that a majority " are members or adherents of the Christian churches, and have set apart the first day of each week," etc., etc., and winds up with the demand for laws for the enforcement of Sunday "for the pres-ervation of religion, in obedience to the will of that majority." After all this we are not surprised to find him sanctioning an exposition(?) of the first Amendment to the Constitution, " Congress shall make no law respecting an establish-ment of religion or prohibiting the free exer-cise thereof." He calls it "that much misun-derstoodl4rticle of the National Constitution," and say., " President Charles E. Knox, D. D., of the German Seminary at Bloomfield, N. J., in a very able paper on the ' Attitude of Our Foreign Population toward the Sabbath,' urges that this Amendment needs to be expounded every-where to our foreign population. It should be shown to them that while Congress pos-sesses no law-making power in respect to an establishment of religion, it may, and does, and always has, passed laws which have respect to religion." Then our foreign population are to be in-formed, are they, that Congress " may, and does, and always has," violated the Constitu-tion? That would be an exposition of this article indeed. This will be news to the Na-tional Reform Association, too, as well as to the rest of us. We feel almost sure that if Dr. Crafts can convince that Association of the truth of this exposition, he will be pro-moted to great honor. However, we doubt his ability to do it. First, because this state-ment of Mr. Knox is notoriously false; and - secondly, because the idea advanced by Mr. Crafts himself that the enactment of Sabbath laws is " not in violation of this article," stands contradicted by the United States Senate, in that, when in 1830 it was petitioned to legis-late on this very subject of Sunday, it declared that such action would be unconstitutional. A. T. J. e 46. Church and State. EVANGELICAL MOVEMENT FOR THEIR ALLIANCE. THE following interview published in the San Francisco Chronicle, July 4, is a very be-coming item for the national holiday, and shows that the National Reform movement is not passing along unobserved. It like-wise shows that that movement is not always going to have the plain, smooth sailing it has had hitherto. We hope the Chronicle will go on with this good work, and not weary of such well doing. "Are you aware," said a prominent clergy-man of this city to a Chronicle reporter yester-day, " that there is a great and growing society in this country called the National Reform As-sociation, the object of which is the practical union of Church and State?" "Certainly not," was the reply. "Is there any movement of that sort on this coast ? " " No, not as yet, but I understand that a branch society is about to be organized in this city, and the Woman's Christian Temper-ance Union, which is in close affiliation with the National Reform Association, has a numerous following on this coast. The head-quarters of the association are in Philadelphia, where its organ, the Christian Statesman, is published, and there are State branch organi-zations in many of the States. The organiza-tion is a strong one. It has among its 120 vice-presidents eighty prominent clergymen of different denominations, including eleven bishops, ten college presidents and professors, one governor, three ex-governors, nine Su-preme Court justices, one Judge of the United States District Court, and seven prominent of-ficials of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, including Miss Willard, its president. Two years ago, at the suggestion of Miss 