,e Equal and Exact Justice to all Men, of Whatever State or Persuasion, fleligious or Political." VOLUME 8, NEW YORK, JUNE 29, 1893. NUMBER 26. American Sentinel Ł PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN.  WILLIAM II. MC KEE. IT is to be regretted that the decision of the Court of Appeals in the World's Fair injunction suit did not touch the constitu-tional question involved, namely, the right of Congress to do by indirection that which it is by the Constitution forbidden to do directly. THE Constitution provides that " Con-gress shall make no law respecting an es-tablishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." But in champion-ing the cause of Sunday sacredness by conditioning an appropriation on Sunday closing of the Fair, Congress certainly interfered in a religious matter and took sides as between contending religious fac-tions, and that on strictly religious grounds. It would have been interesting, to say the least, to have had the opinion of the Court of Appeals on the meaning and scope of the First Amendment to the Fed-'oral Constitution. SUNDAY is a religious institution. The Sunday-closing proviso was urged and passed on religious grounds. Senator Quay's argument in favor of the measure was the fourth commandment which he sent to the desk that the clerk might read it from his family Bible. These facts are not denied ; they are even the boast of the friends of the Sunday-closing proviso; so that it is admitted that our national legis-lature has made a law at least concerning religion and religious observance. Did it in this go outside the Constitution ? -0- IT was certainly the purpose of the framers of the Constitution to prohibit to Congress all acts affecting the free exercise of religious faith and practice. This was the opinion entertained by President Jef-ferson, who refused on this ground to is-sue thanksgiving proclamations. Both the Senate and the House refused on the same ground in 1829 and 1830 to sus- pend Sunday mails. Has the Constitution changed in this respect ? Hardly; though the times have. Now if Congress can condition one appropriation on a religious observance, on the observance of a reli-gious institution, it can certainly make similiar conditions to all appropriations. Thus we might have in a little while all star-route mail contracts made with the proviso that the mail carriers must be professors of the Christian religion; and the River and Harbor Bill might be passed with the proviso, "Provided, however that all contractors for work authorized by this bill shall be church members and shall call all their employ& together at least once a day during the progress of the work, for reading of the Scriptures and prayer." This, it might be plausibly argued, would not be in violation of the Constitution, for no ecclesiastical organi-zation would be established by law, and every man would be left free to belong to the church of his choice. But it would be generally recognized as a violation of the spirit of the Constitution; it would, how-ever, be no more so than was the attempt to bolster up the Sunday institution by act of Congress. Ł THE World makes this point against the attitude of certain Methodists :Š Some Philadelphia Methodist ministers have sol-emnly resolved that "it would be consistent for all Christians and loyal Americans to withhold their patronage from an exhibition kept open on the Christian Sabbath in defiance of the law of God, against the voice of millions of Christians and the law of the land." But the United States Court of Appeals has unanimously decided that the opening of the World's Fair on Sunday is not contrary to " the law" of the land," and on a question of law the judgment of the United States Court of Appeals is more authoritative than that of any body of Methodist ministers. Both the preachers and the World are mistaken. The preachers, because the Sunday-closing proviso is not in any sense law. If it were law it could be en-forced by the courts, and some penalty would attach to its violation. It is a legal axiom that " a law without a penalty is no law at all." Congress could not make a law for the government of a State cor-poration, as the Columbian Exposition is. The World is mistaken, because the United States Court of Appeals did not decide that opening the World's Fair on Sunday  is not contrary to "the law of the land." That which the court decided was simply that opening could not be prevented by injunction. It seems altogether probable, however, that a suit to recover the value of the souvenir coins would be entertained, for there has certainly been a violation of contract. But it likewise seems plain to us that it was a contract which Congress had no right to make, and which would not be sustained by an impartial court. If Congress can use public funds to pur-chase the observance of a religious insti-tution, then the First Amendment to the Constitution is of very much less value than was formerly supposed. This ques-tion ought to be settled. But the Methodists should remember that they, in common with other exhibitors, are under contract not to remove their exhibits until the close of the Fair. They are not justified in violating their contract with the Fair because the managers violated their contract with the Government. Chicago Correspondence. The United States vs. The World's Fair. THE Court of Appeals, with Chief Jus-tice Fuller on the bench, together with Justices Bunn and Allen, has rendered its decision in the case of the United States against the World's Fair, appealed from the United States Circuit Court. The de-cision was a sweeping reversal of the de-cision of the lower court on almost every point, and makes it certain that the Fair will now be open every Sunday dur-ing the remainder of its continuance. The decision was unanimous, and read by Chief Justice Fuller, who gave a con-densed statement of the points upon which the decision is based and said that the detailed opinion would be filed later. The counsel for the United States have announced that the matter will not be dropped here, but that what is known as the Wanamaker suit, brought by Wana-maker & Brown, a New Jersey corpora-tion, and others, in the United States Cir-cuit Court, will be pushed. It is not probable, however, that this case can be so used as to nullify the decision of the Court of Appeals, or in any way destroy its effect. There is unrestrained rejoicing, quite 