166 AMERICAN SENTINEL. king, Ferdinand of Aragon, whose marriage with Isabella of Castile in 1469 marked the beginning of a real Spanish kingdom, was also the last Spanish king, for at his death, in 1516, the succession passed into the line of the Haps-burgs, with sad and melancholy consequences for the civilized world. During the four hundred years of its rise and fall its invariable record has been one of cruelty, of persecution, Łof bigotry, of hostility to every sentiment of human freeŁ dom, common justice, and enlightenment. The slavery to which it doomed its subjects in the Western HemiŁ sphere was not more cruel than its oppression of the people of Holland, or its tyranny over its own people at home. The bigotry, the fanaticism, the intolerance, and the gloomy superstition of its tone of mind is unrelieved by one single gleam of recognition of human rights, just -as the disgraceful record of its decay and downfall is un-relieved by one single triumph of genius in statesmanship or of prowess in battle against an armed enemy. One by one Spain's possessions have fallen away, like bricks from a mouldering wall, until to-day it stands alone and isolated, bankrupt in resources, helpless and -exhausted, but still,clinging to that policy of cruelty, of oppression and extermination which has been its only known method of dealing with Morisco and Aztec and Inca and HollanderŠand CubanŠand which after four hundred years has finally forced it to confront the repub-lic of freedom, of equality, of justice, of humanity, of civ-ilization. It is not accident or chance which has brought about the present situation. It is inexorable destiny which decrees that the last of Spain's iligotten possessions in this hemisphere should be lifted to freedom by the one republic which represents everything that Spain has an-tagonized during her whole history. The Seed of Abraham Under Roman Influence. Ur to the time of Christ's first advent,the persecution of God's chosen people had ever been by the united inter-ests of civil and religious power. Each of the six nations which had sought the destruction of the seed of Abraham, were those having a national religion, and that religion was uniformly sun worship in some of its various forms. But when Christ appeared in the midst of the Jewish na-tion, as the true seed of Abraham, the literal descendantg of that patriarchŠthe Jews themselvesŠin unison with the Roman government under which they lived, began a systematic persecution upon him, which finally carried him to his depth on Calvary's cross. When the dispersion of the Jewish nation was effected by the Romans, that dominant power next turned its attention to the Christians whom it hated as strongly as it had the Jews, and for the one great reason: these peo_ ple, being counted of God as the seed of Abraham, and heirs according to the promise (Gal. 3:29), were opposed to Rome's national system of sun-worship and refused to  recognize it, choosing death rather than to dishonor their Master. The Roman law forbade anyone having a reli-gion of his own, and the penalty for such an offense was death to the plebeian, or common subject, while any patrician, or nobleman, offending in the same, was sub-ject to be degraded, and transported to some isolated spot, away from the enjoyment of civil privileges. But notwithstanding this rigorous law, Christianity spread and strengthened, until it became an influential factor in national affairs. But when it sought earthly honors, its standard of purity was lowered, and its tone of piety was moderated to accommodate itself to sur-rounding circumstances. Mosheim says that when the second century dawned, it found the church so far yielded to the mysteries of paganism as to imitate its forms, even to turning the face toward the sun in worship.ŠEccl. Hist., cent. 2, part 2, chap. 4, par. 5, 7. Nor was this all. In the fourth century, "The rites and institutions, by which the Greeks, Romans, and other nations had formerly testified their religious vener-ation for fictitious deities, were now adopted, with some slight alterations, by Christian bishops, and employed in the service of the true God.". This was carried so far, in-deed, as the historian adds, that "the religion of the Greeks and Romans differed very little in its appearance from that of the Christians." And all this was done because "these fervent heralds of the gospel, whose zeal outran their candor and integrity, imagined that the nations would receive Christianity with more facility when they saw the rites and ceremonies to which they were accustomed adopted in the church, and the same worship paid to Christ and his martyrs which they had formerly offered to their idol deities."ŠIbid., cent. 4, part 2, chap. 14, par. 1. Alas for the deceitful power of Satan. It has ever been his policy to blind the spiritual sight of God's peo-ple, by getting them to unite their interests with civil government, in order to hasten the conversion of those outside the pale of the church. Fatal delusion, indeed. The only wonder is, that with such a course as the his-torian records, any vestige of the Christian faith re-mained. As it was, the complexion of the church became so changed that its services differed little from those of the heathen round about. It did not take long for this Pago-Christianity to become the dominating influence in the church, which in turn demanded from all the acknowl-edgment of its sway, just as the unalloyed paganism had formerly done. It is therefore but natural to find the historian recording that the Emperor Constantine "assumed to himself" the "external administration of the church," thus placing himself where he could settle all matters of church discipline according to his own idea." Ibid., cent. 4, part 2, chap. 2, par. 4. It was not long before he took the next step in this assumed sway. Some of the Christians of that time did not readily yield to the prevailing influence, and so stood aloof from the pagan rites and ceremonies adopted by the church. Especially were they not willing to honor 