THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 93 erly named the American Ecumenical Council. When this body shall have formulated "the prin-ciples of the Christian religion," Congress, to carry out section 3, will necessarily have to en-force upon the several States "the principles of the Christian religion" so formulated. Then it will be the legitimate work of each State to place this new gospel in every school. This will con-vert all our public teachers into preachers of this new religion in all the public schools throughout the United States, and that, too, at public ex-pense. What will the American people then have but a State religion, taught in the public schools and supported by public taxation ? Then the people of this country will be compelled to receive their religion, not from the Bible, but from the Na-tional Congress. It is the so-called National Re-form Association, with headquarters in Philadel-phia,. who for more than twenty years have been working up this measure which has just been in-troduced in the Senate of the United States. Whether a man would believe in the "principles of the Christian religion," so defined, or not, he would be compelled to acknowledge it or take the consequences of refusal. If this large and grow-ing party do not mean, by and by, to have en-forced what they may call the Christian religion, why ask to have our National Constitution so changed that laws can be formed under which the revolting cruelties of the past ages can be revived. The old proverb, "Experience is a good teacher," should be heeded. " When the Quakers first appeared in the State of Massachusetts, there were no statutes in being against them; but, in view of the general law against heresy, they were all banished. Severe laws were soon enacted, which ordained that Quakers of the male sex should, on the first and second conviction, lose their ears; that those of the female sex should be severely whipped ; and that on a third conviction, whether male or female, they should have their tongues bored through with a red-hot iron."ŠClark's Ilistory of Intoler-ance. These are such crimes as can be perpetrated where there is an established religion. If such an opportunity should present itself in our fair land there are doubtless many imbued with the old Puritanical principle, who might exhibit the same spirit of intolerance that was manifested toward the Quakers. Should these measures which are proposed in the Blair Amendment be-come a part of the organic law of our country, it would result in the manifestation of a power which would soon claim to be the supreme judge and director of the consciences of men; from the day laborer to the President in the White House; from the member of the household that sits inŁ the shade of privacy to the legislator in the halls of Congress. It has been well said that our public school system is the bulwark of American liberty. This system then should be the pride of every citizen. When we see a power arising that will enslave and eventually ruin it, every lover of this glory of lands should earnestly oppose it. Gen. U. S. Grant has said, "Leave the matters of religion to the family altar, the church, and the private school, supported entirely by private contribution. Keep the State and the church forever separated." Under a constitutional guaranty for religious and political freedom, together with our public-school system, the United States has surpassed all other nations, intellectually, morally, spiritually, finan- cially, and in everything that constitutes national greatness. The adoption of Mr. Blair's amend-ment would be the "mene, mene, tekel, upharsin," of all that is valuable in this best of all Govern-ments. Senator Houston on Religious Legisla- tion. IN 1853 a delegation of ministers, having knowledge that Senator Houston had joined the Sons of Temperance, called upon him in Eastern Texas, and requested him to bestow his influence and aid to secure the enactment of a Sunday and Prohibition law. The following is his reply, as taken from the biography of this great man, now in press, and to be issued in a few days by Judge Win. Lewis " I agree with you that any unnecessary amuse-ment that is calculated to disturb and annoy per-sons engaged in religious worship on the Chris-tian Sabbath is wrong and censurable, such as horse racing, gambling of all devices, and indulg-ing in a social glass in public. "You request me to use my influence and ex-ertions, such as I possess, to induce the Legislature to enact a law to effect the suppression of the same. I understand by that that you desire the law-making power to declare it a penal offense for a person to perform certain acts on a particular day. "In reply I hold and maintain that it is far better to suffer from the ills of even a great evil than to violate, in the least, a vital principle of civil and religious liberty. "When tyrants ask you to yield one jot of your liberty, and you consent thereto, it is the first link forged in the chain that will eventually hold you in bondage. " The Irish, that brave race so prolific of brave warriors, grand statesmen, and brilliant orators, whose deeds of glory have immortalized every battle-field over which waved the British flag, permitted the English lords to be centuries in forg-ing their fetters, inch by inch, here a little, and there a little, until to-day they arb in helpless bondage. "The time to resist the encroachments of tyranny is at the incipient stage thereof. The Constitu-tion of the United States says: Congress shall make no law respecting the establishment of re-ligion, or prohibiting the free use thereof.' Our State constitution says : 'Ministers of the gospel, being by their profession dedicated to Gad and the care of souls, ought not to be diverted from the great duties of their functions; therefore no minister of the gospel or priest of any denomina-tion whatever, shall be eligible to the Legislature. "The clause in our State constitution disfran-chising clergymen, I think, is an abridgment of religious liberty. Had I been a member of the constitutional convention, I would not have given it my support. It violates the very principles in-tended to protect, inasmuch as it recognizes the right to control, the free enjoyment of religious belief by law. The men, many of them, that framed and voted for it, were smarting from the effects of the tyrannical acts of the Mexican priest-hood, which was the cause, I have no doubt, that inspired the enactment. "I wish to be understood in my remarks that I have no prejudice against the persons embrac-ing the Catholic faith that would debar me from according to them the same rights due to any other denomination of Christians or any other re-ligious creed. " History teaches us that men composing all denominations of religious faith, when clothed with ecclesiastical and temporal power combined, have been tyrants. "Now, any law made by the law-making power of the State, intended to regulate a person's re-ligious or civil conduct on Sunday, is in violation of the spirit of the Constitution of the United States, if not the letter. That clause was placed there by wise men, by men who had been care-ful students of history. They determined that their beloved country should not be the bloody battle-ground of religious enthusiasts. They were not ignorant of early colonial historyŠa history that disclosed the fact that the New England col-onists enacted and enforced laws compelling per-sons to observe and subscribe to a particular re-ligious faith. Laws were enacted regulating per-sons' conduct on Sunday, which were so severe that people dared not prepare food for nourish-ment. They were compelled to prepare the tradi-tional Indian pudding and baked beans on Sat-urday to be served cold on Sunday. It is asserted that laws declaring Sunday, the first day of the week, a day of rest, and to be unlawful for any person to do certain acts on that day, that are lawful on week-days, are not in violation of the spirit or letter of the Constitution, because it h necessary for the moral and physical good of man to rest one day out of seven. "Let us suppose that the Quakers, the Jews, the Seventh-day Baptists, and others that believe that Saturday, the seventh day, is the day that God set apart as the day of rest and holy observance, should combine and get control of the legislative branch of Government, and should enact that all persons should abstain from labor, sale, or barter of goods, wares, or merchandise on that day under pains and penalties affixed 'thereto. What do you suppose the religious people, who believe that the first day of the week is the day that Christ ordained as a day of sacred rest, would say? Would they not all say that such a law was a violation of the Constitution, because it in effect abolishes the Christian Sabbath, a day of rest and divine worship? They would rebel against the enforcement of such a law, and claim their rights guaranteed by the sacred enactments of the law of the land, which declares that the free use of re-ligious worship shall not be prohibited. We must remember that this is a land of equal rights to the Jews as well as to the Gentiles. "The laws of Mexico intended to prescribe and regulate a person's religious belief, were the first moving cause that inspired the Texan patriots to draw swords in defense of enlightened freedom and religious toleration. "The men that fought for her and won her independence dedicated her soil to be the dwell-ing-place of freemen of every kindred and tongue, coming from all nations to enjoy, unmo-lested, as they may think proper, the religious views and customs taught them in their native land."ŠDallas Herald. THE Fayette (Missouri) Herald quotes Mr. Gault's statement that Hon. T. C. Richmond, leader of the Prohibition party in Wisconsin, is laboring constantly to convince the people that the Prohibition party should drop every other issue but prohibition, and very justly says:Š "Mr. Richmond's idea is correct. If prohibition is what the Prohibitionists want, why are they not willing to work for that alone? If prohibition is what they want, why are they not willing to 