758 AMERICAN SENTINEL. nature framed with reference to what it ought to be, rather than to what it is. Necessarily and rightly, be-cause his business is to teach men what they ought to do, and to induce them by sweet and soft persuasion to do it. But the business of the government is not to teach men what they ought to do, but what they must do, or be punished for not doing. Here we have another illustration of the principle that law or the government has nothing to do with im-morality, but deals with incivility alone. What men ought to do, is the same on a small island where there is no government at all, as it is in a great republic with the most complex system of 'several governments,Šfederal, state, municipal, what notŠthat can be imaginel. The work of the clergyman, then, is, in a sense, above that of the government; it would exist, though no government existed; it would remain, though all government should perish. But the clergyman's work is done when persuasion and exhortation have failed. The clergyman cannot judge, because the Master has declared that though a man shall refuse to receive his word, yet he judges not that man. The clergyman cannot punish because the Master has said, "Fut up again thy sword into his place; for all they that take the sword shall perish with the sword." And here the government steps in. It has noth-ing to do with persuasion or exhortation. It wastes no time in trying to convince the citizen that he ought to do this, or ought not to do that. It is perfectly indifferent to his views upon the subject. It simply commands him to do or refrain, as the case may be, and judges and punishes him in its own way for disobedience. The spheres of clerical and governmental action being thus entirely distinct; the relation of the two to the material of human nature is also distinct, and the clergyman is not merely non-qualified, but disqualified, so far as gov-ernment is concerned, by reason of his calling and pro fession, from taking a scientific view of the material out of which government must be constructed, and on which it must operate. Dr: Talmage as a Sunday Desecrator. DR. TALMAGE and Sam Jones are now to be counted as contributors to the growing disregard of Sunday, if we may believe what is said by the advocates of strict Sunday observance concerning their influence. For instance, a writer in The Advance, of November 18, says this:Š "Now we do feel that no agency is more effectively breaking down the Christian Sabbath than the practice of noted ministers like Dr. Talmage and Sam Jones, of joining with the railroad companies in encouraging Sun-day excursions." But in condemning Dr. Talmage and his brother "evangelist" for their course in this respect, it should be  remembered that there is no divine command at all for Sunday observance, and that in the absence of this, the doctor and Mr. Jones may well be pardoned for holding that it is no sin for excursion trains to bring people on Sunday to their meetings to hear them preach. ¨4.  Thanksgiving Plagiarism. BY M. E. KELLOGG. TEE folly of Thanksgiving proclamations by civil rulers, and the perfunctory way in which they are issued, has been illustrated very clearly this year. Two procla-mations, one by Governor Stephens, of Missouri, and one by Governor Pingree, of Michigan, are so nearly alike that the question is raised, Which one of these governors plagiarized? That one of them has done so is evident, as portions of the two proclamations, placed side by side, as below, will fully prove:Š FROM GOV. STEPHENS'S THANKS- FROM GOV. PINGREE'S THANKS- GIVING PROCLAMATION. GIVING PROCLAMATION. " Our great common- " Our great common- wealth filled with a greater wealth, filled with a larger population than belonged population than belonged to the whole country when to our whole country when ourŁ fathers fought for na-  our fathers fought for na-tional independence, can tional independence, can look back over the seventy- look back over the sixty six years of Statehood and years of Statehood and see see the simple industries of the simple industries of the the pioneers grown to the pioneers grown to the di-many diversified industries versified interests which which have made us the have made us a great State eighth State in wealth, and in wealth and in a great we are the fifth in numbers many other ways. and political power in this " The spirit of philan- great Union. thropy among our citizens " The spirit of philan-  has been active in provid-thropy among our citizens ing for the needs of suffer-has been active in provid-  ing and unfortunate. ing for the needs of suffer- "Christian workers have ing and unfortunate. brought many to acknowl- "Christian workers have edge their obligations to brought many to acknowl-  lead better lives and count-edge their obligations to less numbers have been lead betterlives, and count-  made happier for their ef-less. homes have been made forts during the year." happier for their efforts during the year." When the similarity of the two proclamations was first discovered, the investigation of the matter afforded a rich field for the inquisitive newspaper reporters, and they at once started out to find the plagiaristŠfor to hunt down a governor is no common sport. The tele- graph was freely used, and the following facts have been ascertained: Governor Stephens declares that his procla- mation was issued four days previous to that of Mr. Pin-gree. This would throw the plagiarism on the governor of Michigan, but he has a loophole by which he, at least, almost escapes. He says he was very busy at that time, 