I Ł Ł CAVEATS, TRADE MARKS, DESICN PATENTS, COPYRICHTS, etc. For information and free Handbook write to MUNN tt CO., 561 BROADWAY, NEW YORK. Oldest bureau for securing patents in America. Every patent taken out by us is brought before the public by a notice given free of charge oo~n the gc tit ntifir Largest circulation of any scientific paper in the world. Splendidly illustrated. No intelligent man should be without it, Weekly, $3,00 a year; $1.50 six months. Address, BUNN h CO— YUBLISEIERS, 361 Broadway, New York City. APRIL 30, 1896. A..MEI_Li-LIE CAIN S151/VIL'IINTE,11,2 143 but none the less self-condemnatory. When the leaders of a movement like the National Reform and kindred Sunday-supporting move-ments build their greatest hope on Congress, failure is not far away. But they cannot do otherwise consistently. Having cast the Sabbath of Jehovah and the example of Christ away, having staked all upon the " Civil Sabbath " issue, there is no other logical conclusion, even though it be the most broken of reeds to lean upon. GRANT AND GARFIELD ON THE UNION OF CHURCH AND STATE. BY WA1. PENNIMAN-. IN his message to Congress in 1875, General Grant said: " I would call your attention to the importance of correcting an evil that, if permitted to continue, will probably lead to great trouble in our land before the close of the nineteenth century. It is the acquisition of vast amounts of untaxed church property. In 1850, I believe, the church property of the United States, which paid no tax, municipal or State, amounted to $87,000,000. In 1860, the amount had doubled. In 1870, it was $354,483,587. By 1900, without a check, it is safe to say this property will reach a sum exceeding $3,000,000,000. So vast a sum, receiving all the protection and benefits of government without bearing its proportion of the burdens and expenses of the same, will not be looked upon acquiescently by those who have to pay the taxes. In a growing country, where real estate enhances so rapidly with time as in the United States, there is scarcely a limit to the wealth that may be ac-quired by corporations, religious or otherwise, if allowed to retain real estate without taxa-tion. The contemplation of so vast a prop-erty as here alluded to, without taxation, may lead to sequestration without constitutional authority, and through blood. I would sug-gest the taxation of all property equally." James A. Garfield said in Congress: " The divorce between the Church and State ought to be absolute. It ought to be so absolute that no church property anywhere, in any State or in the nation, should be exempt from equal taxation; for if you exempt the property of any church organization, to that extent you impose a tax upon the whole commu-nity." In the preceding we have the thoughts of men who attained the highest honors the na-tion could bestow upon them, men of eminent ability and sagacity, men who were highly respected by both the religious and the polit-ical world. One of them has said, " Keep the Church and State forever separate." The other uses equally as strong language in say-ing that " the divorce between Church and State ought to be absolute." Yet, strange to tell, many would-be National Reformers, who formerly admired the teachings of these men, now in their blind zeal not only ignore what they said, but what the founders of our Con-stitution have said, and greatest of all what Christ has said; and would not only exempt church property from taxation, but would so amend our Constitution as to enforce a "civil" Sunday upon the people and thus compel not only the worship of the Papacy but also of his image. 'PRE NATIONAL SUNDAY LAW. Arguments in behalf of the rights of American citizens, presented by A. T. Jones in opposition to the Blair Sunday Rest Bill. A thorough cat-echism upon the subject of Church and State. 192 pages. Price, 25 cents. Send for Spring Catalog of Publications. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond Street, New York City. Oakland, Cal. Kansas City, Mo. A LITERARY WONDER. THE NEW WEBSTER DICTIONARY AND Complete Vest-Pocket Library. 45,800 Words. Absolutely Full Punctuation. In quantity it is greater than any other abridged dictionary by several thousand words. More than thisŠthe same covers contain Four Other Com- plete Books.  A GAZETHERŠPARLIAMENTARY MANUALŠEXPERT CALCULATORŠLITERARY GUIDE. Condensation without omission is a notable feature of this book. It abounds in novel time-saving and space-saving devices; but the greatest of all achievements in modern dictionary-making is the addition to the dictionary of 25,300 words by means of a single page, called theŠ " COLUMBIAN M ORD BUILDER." B mnd in Morocco leather, with gold edge. REGULAR PRICE, Ł . .50 WITH SENTINEL, one year, . $1.25 In the Heart of the Sierras By Col. J. M. Hutchings. The most authentic and intensely interesting description of the Yosemite Valley and Big Tree Groves of California ever written. It contains nearly 500 pages of text, with over 150 il-lustrations, 28 of which are beautiful full-page arto'ypes. It portrays by aid of the artist's genius and the author's facile pen the lofty mountains and charming valleys, the placid lakes and thundering cataracts, of the world renowned Yosemite. The mission of this work is to make the best possible represen-tation of the marvelous scenery and sublime natural wonders of this unique region. The original price of this book was = = = $3.25 We new offer it with the Sentinel, one year, for 2.55 The Gospel Primers A BOOK FOR THE CHILDREN. Contains 190 pages of matter, which will interest the old as well as the young. There are thirty-three full-page illustra-tions, which, in themselves, teach many gospel truths. The book has been re-written, and such additions have been made as it was thought would be of profit to its readers. Con-siderable prominence and much thought have been given the WORD-METHOD DEPARTMENT. It is not only desirable that the child should learn to read well in as few lessons as possible, but it is of greater import-ance that the mind should be developed spiritually while thus engaged. In the twenty-two pages devoted to this method, the child may learn to revere its Maker, and to love all for whom the Saviour gave his life. Such lessons, so early learned, are not easily forgotten. With the words which have been taught in the word-method, a short story has been written on the Creation. A few new words are introduced in this account of God's work in the be-ginning, and a practical lesson is taught of the power, wisdom, and stability of God's word. The same style and purpose is carried out in writing on other subjects. The aim is to keep the mind upon the things of God while teaching the child to read, and thus lead him to remem-ber his Creator in the days of his youth. The book has been enlarged by the addition of thirty-two pages of valuable matter. It is a most desirable book for teaching, as well as a pleasant and attractive feature of the home. It is beautifully illustrated, printed on fine paper, and bound in heavy board, with handsome design in colors. REGULAR PRICE OF BOOK, - - - .35 WITH SENTINEL, one year, - $1.15 His Glorious Appearing.C.  An Exposition of Matthew 24. REVISED, ENLARGED, AND ILLUSTRATED. Contains ninety-six pages, with twenty full-page illustrations. The work takes up Christ's great prophecy of his own second conning, and the signs of the times are clearly pointed out in relation to that greatest of all events. JUST THE BOOK FOR THE TIMES. Interesting, Timely, and Instructive. Price, attractive board cover, Š .25 With Sentinel, one year, - - $1.10 ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 BOND ST., NEW YORK. HIS GLORIOUS APPEARING. °.' AN EXPOSITION OF MATTHEW 24. Revised, Enlarged, and Illustrated. The book contains 96 pages, with twenty full-page illustrations. The work takes up Christ's great prophecy of his own second coming, and the signs of the times are clearly pointed out in their relation to that greatest event. JUST THE BOOK FOR THE TIMES, Interesting, .Ł. Timely, and .Ł . Instructive. PriceŠAttractive Board Cover, 25c. The Law of God as Changed by the Papacy Is the title of a large Chart just issued, which shows in a striking manner the blasphemous pre-tentions of the Papal power. The testimony of the Best Catholic Authorities is given, and shows, by quoting their own words, that Sunday is a child of the Catholic Church. These quotations, together with admissions from standard Catholic works, are arranged in parallel columns on either side of this Chart, while the center column contains the Ten Commandments as taught by the Catholic Church. The whole forms a collection of extracts of incalcu-lable value for every Bible student. The Charts are three by four feet in size, and are printed on heavy map cloth in bold type, easily read across the largest room. Price, Post-paid, $1.00. A fac-simile edition on thin paper, size 5, x inches, suitable for missionary distribution, has been prepared, and will be sent post-paid at 50 cents per hundred, or $4.00 per thousand. BIBLES - A LARGE .AND VARIED STOCK. Address all orders to PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 39 Bond St., New York 18 W. Fifth St., Kansas City, Mo. 12th & Castro Sts. Oakland, Cal. THE "CYCLONE" STILL WHIRLS Sweeping Everything Clean Before It. SEE WHAT THE PEOPLE SAY: Knapp, Wis., March 4, 1896. —. MESSRS. Coos BROS., Battle Creek, Mich. tvitti Gentlemen: Mrs. Petrie would not take one hundred dollars for her Cyclone Washer if she could not get another like it. Yours truly, II. PETRIE. COON BROS., Battle Creek, Mich, Address, 