450 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. be far in advance of the un-Christian world. She should be "at the head 'of things" in the highest and truest sense. Therefore let "Father" Clark and the Rev. Mr. Sheldon stay where they are. As preachers of the gospel they do well ; and it would be a degradation to set them in the seat of the politician. And besides, what do they know about the administration of polit-ical office ? What does Christianity teach about poli-tics ? How does it qualify= anyone for political ex-cellence ? The Christian in political office would have sincerity and good motives ; but he might make the greatest failure in running the affairs of state, for all that. And as a matter of fact, and a matter of history, no person of deep religious fervor was ever an em-, inent statesman. Oliver Cromwell may be instanced as an exception ; but who desires to have the states-manship of Cromwell exemplified in the United States? Consider for example such men as Washington, Lin-coln, Jefferson, Jackson, and others eminent in the political history of this country; none of them were conspicuous as church men, while some of the most eminent, as Jefferson and Lincoln, seem not to have belonged to any church. On the other hand history shows with equal plainness that whenever the affairs of state were run by the church leaders, in any coun-try, civil government became destructive of the very things it was meant to preserve. Civil and religious freedom were invaded and a barrier was erected across the pathway of mental and moral progress. The worst persecutions that have darkened history were waged by church leaders in command of the civil power. They were sincere men, and their motive was to do God service ; but the results of their efforts at state-craft were such as it may well be hoped will not be repeated at this day. Let Christians stick to their calling as ambassa-dors of Christ, and let politics be run by the po4iticians. Dr. Parker has said many good things about church and state, but his business, and that of every clergy-man, is to call men up from the world to the higher plane of Christianity, and not down from the plane of Christianity to the level of the world. s. Every clause in every Sunday law in all the world, that exempts those "who conscientiously believe in and who actually observe as a Sabbath a day other than Sunda34" is a confession that such legislation is an invasion of the rights of conscience. Every such exemption is a confession that the keeping of a Sabbath is a religious act ; which to be of any value must be done conscientiously, and should not therefore be enforced by the state. No statute against murder, or theft, or assault, or arson, or slander ever contains a clause exempting  from its penalty those who may do any one or all of those thingS "conscientiously." . And why do not laws against murder, theft, etc., contain clauses exempting from their penalties those who.-violate them "conscientiously ?" Simply because they are purely civil; entirely outside the domain of conscience, and are designed for the protection, not of creeds, cults, or dogmas, but of men. You have a right to observe the Sabbath, but not at the expense of some one else. Is the Church Christian? This question is discussed by Rev. Herbert S. Bigelow in the Social Forum for July. After stating the question Mr. Bigelow says : "That depends upon our standard. What is the meaning of the term Christian? Can a church be Christian and sanction war? Can, a Christian church remain indifferent to the menace of monopoly ? Is a church Christian that seeks to cultivate the private virtues to the exclusion of civic righteousness and social justice? Is ;that church Christian which is reconciled to poverty, which, by practice if not by pre-cept, preaches, 'Masters, be kind to your slaves. Slaves, obey your masters and keep sober ?' * * * "It is the business of the church to save the world, not to rescue souls from the world. It is the business of the church to redeem, not men, but man." In the next to the last sentence in this quotation is contained THE error of National Reform under what-ever guise it may be found. It is just exactly the busi-ness of the church to rescue souls from the world., That is just what Christ did when here upon earth, and it is just what he commissioned his followers to do after he returned to heaven; and he promised that in the doing of this he would be with them "even unto the end of the world." Said the Saviour to his disciples, "If ye were of the world, the world would love his own ; but because ye are not of the world, but I have chosen you out of the world, therefore the world hateth you." John 15 :19. A'nd again, in his prayer to the Father, Jesus said of his disciples : "They are not of the world, even as I am not of the world." John 17:16: Inspiration very clearly differentiates between 'the world and the individuals that by the gospel are taken out of the world. Says the apostle John, "The world passeth away, and the lust thereof ; but he that doeth the will of God abideth forever." i John 2 :17. In Acts 15 :14 we are plainly told that God's pur-pose in visiting the Gentiles is "to take out of them a people for his name." This is exactly in harmony with Paul's testimony in the eleventh chapter of his letter to the Romans, wherein he likens Israel to an olive tree, and the individuals to branches. The tree survives, but branchesŠindividualsŠare separated 