THE SENTINEL OF` 683 olics,. n In " Faith of Our Fathers," pp. 264, 265, Car- pany Wherever it gees, and a soldier can get both dinal Gibbons defines religious liberty thus: beer and whisky. Drinking .,is killing lots of good men. Taking everything into consideration, I A man enjoys religious liberty when he posses wonder that every man here, is not crazy. Last ses, the free right of worshiping God according to Sunday otie hundred barrels of beer came. I had to, the dictates of a right conscience, and of practicing work all the afternoon helping unload it, and at a form of religion most in accordance with his duties night I, was on. patrol. Well, the whole company to God." has been drunk ever since. bet there has been Of course " a right conscience " is a Catholic con- fifty fights. Monday night about 11.3o the captain science. That this is what, the cardinal means is evi- came over with his pistol drawn, to stop`one: It's a'  dent from thp fact that on page 269 of the same bdok sight and a shame that they should send beer and  w he quotes from that eminent Catholic theologian, whisky into such a country as this. We left camp  Becanus, the statement that "religious liberty may Meade with 128 men and two months ago we got  eleven more recruits, but at present we have only be tolerated by a ruler when it would do more harm seventy-eight for duty." to the State or to the community to repress it." " This," the cardinal says, "is the true Catholic teach- These facts are not calculated to make converts to the army canteen. ing-  on this point." The cardinal uses the present tense advisedly, for such is still the attitude'of the Catholic Church---Lre- Aiv.English journal, Reynolds' Newspaper, prints ligious liberty not from principle, but from policy. the following anent the " glorious victory " gained by England,over the' late Boer republics, now crown Jt " Trig Baptists of Germany are stalwarts," says colonies: the Canadian Baptist. "They have had to suffer "Mr.-John Haggert has received letters from his persecution, and have in the past had to endure son, Trooper Qs. Haggert, of Bethune's Horse, dated social ostracism, The editor of the English Baptist Platrand Station, July 18 and 22, in which he states that a post-office official at Durban has been sentenced attended their Triennial Conference. He writes: to six months' imprisonthent for opening letters from ' There are no ‚‚ open Baptists in 'Germany. We the men at the front, He continues: Probably, you explained the distinctions in England, and were al- saw:in the papers that in one case we ordered the ways met at the end of our statements thus: " We, women and children Out of their houses and set the then, are close Baptists." ' They have made grand buildings on fire. It was a terrible sight to see the progress in the face of what might appear insupera- women and children 1Poking at their homes being ble obstacles. Baptists who think their ,principles burned down and crying. We read the orders out to the Boer Women stating, that if they gave food or worth suffering for, ever do make rapid advance." shelter to the rebel Boers we should commandeer all And' it is equally true of any people " who think their stock and burn their houses down. The women they have principles worth suffering for" that they. are sent down to Natal. I do not care about this job will prosper;' but, sad to relate, there are many in of burning down houses and witnessing the grief of these :days, and some of them Baptists, who, what- the women'and children. It almost makes'one shed lever they may think of the value of their principles, a tear." are not willing to suffer for them. Thousands and tens COmment is unnecessary. The simple facts cry of thousands of religionists everywhere must even to Heaven. be protected against a little financial loss or,  they can't keep the day they profess to belive they oughf ,THE archbishop of the state church —rip Sweden to keep holy unto the 'Lord t having made charges ,Of 'immorality -against senterS in that kingdbm, especially the Baptist's, A PRIVATE soldier, writing from the island of PeterWaldenstrom, one of the most influential mem-Panay, one of the Philippine group, to a friend in < bers of the Swedish-  diet and a prominent Lutheran, Portland, Maine, says: has come to the defense of the Baptists against the charges of the, archbishop. Among other things, `°I enlisted so that I could stop drinking and I  Mr. Waldenstrorn states that he: visited all the, dis- have: succeeded, but do not think_that it is,because - 'I can riot get it, for the canteen follows the. corri- reputable places iri StOckholm,:such 'as saloons, rum 