'THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 23.7 church-going Sabbath-breakers, but on the part of the church members them-selves; which reform, by this last state-ment, he admitted he was unable to bring about by the power of preaching. A statement of the case which would be acceptable to the advocates of strict Sun-day laws would be that they wanted Sun-day 'laws enforced which would compel the employer to close his business that the employes might enjoy their Sabbath rest without sacrificing their positions for their principles. With all due respect to this class of Christians it must be apparent to all, that they lack one of the fundamental principles of ChristianityŠa willingness to make some sacrifices for their faith,Ša lack which no civil law can replace. Ever since Matthew, the publican, lost his position in the Judean custom house to accept of Christianity, Christians have had to sacrifice something for their relig-ion. " This world," says the poet, " is not a friend of grace to help us on to God,"Šnever was, and never will be. Law can not take the place of moral stamina 'or Christian principle. The sanc-tified decision of one old woman will go farther toward building up a Christian character than a volume of Sunday laws. While it is to be regretted that the greed of gain leads some business corpora-tions to require their employes to toil, day in and day out, refusing to allow them a weekly rest day, answering their request for the same, with the suggestion that they seek employment elsewhere; yet at the same time it must be borne in mind that law can not cure all the ills of life as some would-be reformers of the present day seem to think. Ex-Senator Ingalls, referring in a recent lecture at Glen Echo, to the present tendency toward paternalism, truthfully declared that "the attempt to cure the ills of society by statute would be as futile as the effort to make the mercury stand at zero in July and at boiling point in January.'? Again, that this so-called Sunday slav-ery is not considered a grievance of im-portance by the workingmen, is evident from the fact that there has not been a strike which has had for its basis Sunday labor. There have been strikes entailing great public inconvenience and personal suffering on the part of laborers and their families for so small a grievance as the employment of a " scab," or non-union man, but we have yet to learn of a strike for emancipation from this so-called Sun-day slavery. It is of course within the province of ministers to urge their communicants, and as many others as they can, to a consist-ent observance of the Sabbath; but if their exhortations fail, it is inconsistent to attempt a reform by means of a civil law, secured by a sentimental outcry against the so-called Sunday slavery. A. F. BALLENGER. Sunday Intolerance in Tennessee. OWING to the liberal airing given the King case in Obion County, Tennessee, by the press of almost the entire country, public sentiment has so changed in the western part of the State that convictions for ordinary quiet labor on Sunday cannot be secured, and arrests are no longer made. The following letter from a sub-scriber at Graysville, in southeastern Tennessee, reveals the fact, however, that there is still necessity for educational missionary work in that State, for it is evident that bigotry and intolerance still survive there to some extent :Š Graysville, Tenn., July 15, 1891. EDITOR AMERICAN SENTINEL: In a place called the Cove, three or four miles from Dayton, is a small company of Sabbath keepers, who are very conscientious and devout Christians. These not long ago were wicked and profane men. For many years, they with their neighbors and friends, had indulged in all kinds of work and amusements upon Sunday; but recently when some commenced the observance of the Seventh-day Sabbath, imme-diately things changed. Those who were once their friends now became their foes. So long as they did not keep the seventh day nothing was said about Sunday desecration, no matter how much, or the kind of work which was performed. And that has been the custom in that vicinity for years. Last week the Deputy Sheriff and two other men were in the Cove watching to catch Saturday keepers at work ; and some of their nearest neigh-bors have been lounging around on Sunday like coyotes in a thicket to catch their innocent prey. These very men who are now trying so hard to bring seventh-day observers before the courts for working on Sunday, have time and again borrowed tools of Seventh-day Adventists to chop wood all day Sunday. The sheriff referred to lives at Morgantown, one-half mile from Dayton, and one and a half mile from the Cove, his place of attack. Dayton is where the large iron and coal furnaces of the Day-ton Coal and Iron Company are situated employing three hundred men running full blast day in and day out, Sundays not excepted, with all its noise and bustle, producing one hundred and twenty tons of iron every Sunday, and that too within speaking distance of two churches, yet nothing is said about that. Why would the Sheriff leave so grand an oppor-tunity, to catch men at work and go two miles over a mountain and skulk around to find engaged in honest toil some poor farmer who had observed the previous day ? Ah ! it is not the nature or the amount of work performed, that constitutes the offense so much as the fact, that those who do it observe another day. Dayton, Rathburn and Whitwell, are places where large coke ovens are in active operation running all the time and em-ploying hundreds of men on Sunday which is an open violation of the law. The Sunday law of Tennessee is a dead letter until it comes to " Seventh-day observers," then life will spring up in it equal to that of the ancient Inqui-sition. Tennessee does grant a right to corpora-tions by permitting them to work on Sunday, that she will not to an individual, and such a law, deserves the censure of every citizen and lover of religious liberty. Any one who will think for a moment can see that such a law will only make hypocrites ; and the Sunday law has done an effect-ual work in that line here. It is almost inconceivable that such a spirit can still survive anywhere in this country, but that it does is evident. It is to be hoped that the Seventh-day Chris- tians of southeastern Tennessee will boldly take up the gauntlet thus thrown down by bigotry and intolerance and bravely do battle for liberty of conscience as it has been done in the western part of the State. At present an enlightened public senti-ment will not sustain medievalism, and the best way to enlighten the public upon such subjects is to join issues with bigotry wherever opportunity offers. The friends of religious liberty everywhere expect their brethren in Tennessee to do their duty. Something Encouraging. IN face of the unmistakable tendencies in the direction of intolerance, manifested in the clerical clamor for the enactment and enforcement of strict Sunday laws, the too general ministerial indorsement of the persedution of R. M. King, of Tennessee, for quietly plowing his corn-field on Sunday, and the stern application of creeds to men with investigative minds, we see one honest intelligent effort to exercise real Christian charity between men differing in religious doctrines. It is not unusual for pastors of different de-nominations to exchange pulpits, but in such cases the unwritten law governing the speaker forbids him saying anything which could be interpreted as denomina-tional, no matter how vital he may re-gard his denominational views. For a a pastor to invite his neighboring pastors to come into his pulpit, and with perfect freedom discourse to his congregation, on the distinctive doctrines of their respect-ive denominations, is something so un-usual in its freedom from bigotry, as to deserve a favorable notice. Rev. Daniel Frederick Fox, Pastor of the Adams Street Evangelical Church of Chicago, has instituted a series of six Sunday evening lectures by the repre-sentatives of as many neighboring denom-inations. For example, Bishop Fallows, of the Reformed Episcopal Church, will lecture on the subject, " Why I am a Re-formed Episcopalian." A Baptist, Meth-odist, Congregationalist, Presbyterian, and Christian minister, will speak in a similar manner for their respective de-nominations. " The object of the series of sermons," according to the printed an-nouncement, " is not controversy, but in-telligent information." This brave young pastor certainly deserves credit for this consistent attack on denominational prej-udice. ON the evening of July 19 a meeting was held in Racine, Wisconsin, to demand of the local authorities the enforcement of Sunday laws, at which, it is said, there were four thousand people present. Five thousand dollars were raised as a find with which to proceed with the work of " Sunday Reform" in that city. 