234 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. actly what they want. I am not talking at random here. I have the proofs of what I am saying. They expect a return for this exemption. It is not extended as a guaranteed right, but as a favor that we can have if we will only pay them their own stated price for it. As a proof of this I read again from Mr. Crafts's book, page 262:Š The tendency of legislatures and executive offi-cers toward those who claim to keep a Saturday Sabbath is to over-leniency rather than to over-strictness. And in the convention held in this city only about three weeks ago, January 30, 31, Mr. Crafts said that this exemption is " generous to a fault," and that " if there is any fault in the bill, it is its being too generous " to the Seventh-day Adventists and the Seventh-day Baptists. But I read on:Š For instance, the laws of Rhode Island allow the Ł Seventh-day Baptists, by special exception, to carry on public industries on the first day of the week in Hopkinton and Westerly, in each of which places they form about one-fourth of the population. This local option method of Sabbath legislation after the fashion of Rhode Island or Louisiana, if generally adopted, would make not only each State, but the Nation also, a town heap, some places hav-ing two half Sabbaths, as at Westerly, some having no Sabbath at all, as at New Orleans, to the great confusion and injury of interstate commerce and even of local industry. Infinitely less harm is done by the usual policy, the only constitutional or sen-sible one, to let the insignificantly small minority of less than one in a hundred, whose religious con-victions require them to rest on Saturday (unless their work is of a private character such as the law allows them to do on Saturday) suffer the loss of one day's wages rather than have the other ninety-nine suffer by the wrecking of their Sabbath by the public business. Why, then, do they offer this " special exception?" Why do they voluntarily do that which they themselves pronounce neither constitutional nor sensible ?ŠIt is for a purpose. Again I read, and here is the point to which I wish especially to call the atten-tion of the committee. It shows that they intend we shall pay for the exemp-tion which they so over-generously offer. Instead of reciprocating the generosity shown toward them by the makers of Sabbath laws, these seventh-day Christians expend a very large part of their energy in antagonizing such laws, seeking, by the free distribution of tracts and papers, to secure their repeal or neglect. Exactly ! That is the price which we are expected to pay for this generous ex-emption. We are to stop the distribution of tracts and papers which antagonize Sunday laws. We are to stop spending our energy in opposition to their efforts to promote Sunday observance. We are to stop telling the people that the Bible says " the seventh day is the Sabbath," and that Sunday is not the Sabbath. But have we not the right to teach the people that " the seventh day is the Sab-bath of the Lord," even as the Bible says, and that only the keeping of that day is the keeping of the Sabbath according to the commandment ? Have we not the  right to do this ? Have we not the right to tell the people that there is no scriptural authority for keeping Sunday, the first day of the week ? Why, some of these gentlemen themselves say that. Ł Mr. Elliot here (Rev. George) confesses " the complete silence of the New Testament, so far as any explicit command for the Sabbath, or definite rules for its observ-ance, are concerned." Many others speak to the same effect. Have we not as much right to tell this to the people as they have ? They do not agree among them-selves upon the obligations of Sabbath-keeping, nor upon the basis of Sunday laws. In every one of their conventions one speaks one way and another in an-other and contradictory way. Have we not as much right to disagree with them as they have to disagree with one another ? Why is it, then, that they want to stop our speaking these things, unless it is that we tell the truth ? More than this, have we not the consti-tutional right freely to speak all this, and also freely to distribute tracts and papers in opposition to Sunday laws and Sunday sacredness ? Does not the Constitution declare that " the freedom of speech, or of the press," shall not be abridged ? Then when these men propose that we shall ren-der such a return for that exemption, they do propose an invasion of the con-stitutional guarantee of the freedom of speech and of the press. Why, gentle-men, this question of Sunday laws is a good deal larger question than half the people ever dreamed of. Now to show you that I am not draw-ing this point too fine, I wish to read an-other extract from a doctor of divinity in California. With reference to this specific question, he said :Š Most of the States make provision for the exer-cise of the peculiar tenets of belief which are enter-tained by the Adventists. They can worship on Saturday, and call it the Sabbath if they choose, but there let their privileges end. They do, indeed, seem by this to be gen-erous enough to allow those of us who are already keeping the Sabbath to con-tinue to do so while we live, but there our privileges are to end. We are not to be allowed to speak or distribute papers or tracts to teach anybody else to keep it. Why, gentlemen of the committee, do you not see that they propose by this law to deprive us of all our rights both of con-science and of the Constitution ? There-fore we come to you to plead for protec-tion. We do not ask you to protect us by legislation. We do not ask you to legis-late in favor of SaturdayŠnot even to the extent of an exemption clause. We ask you to protect us by refusing to give to these men their coveted power to invade our rights. We appeal to you for pro-tection in our constitutional rights as well as our rights of conscience. " There let their privileges end." IfŠeven this allowance is only conditional.  And the condition is the same precisely as that laid down by Mr. Crafts : namely, that we shall stop every phase of opposi-tion to Sunday observance. Here it is in this minister's own words, not spoken in the heat and hurry of debate, but deliber-ately written and printed in an editorial in the Western Christian Union, March 22, 1889 :Š Instead of thankfully making-use of concessions granted them, and then going off quietly and at-tending to their own business, as they ought, they start out making unholy alliances that they may defeat the purposes of their benefactors. None of these bills are aimed at them, but if they fail to appreciate the fact, they may call down upon themselves such a measure of public disfavor as that legislation embarrassing to them may result. There, gentlemen, you have the story of that proposed exemption. 1. It is in-serted to take the wind out of our sails and stop our opposition to their efforts and to Sunday observance in general. 2. If we do not "appreciate " the bene-faction, and " reciprocate the generosity " by stopping all opposition to their work and to Sunday observance, then legisla-tion " embarrassing " to us may be ex-pected to result. Gentlemen, do you wonder that we do not appreciate such benevolence, or recip-rocate such generosity ? Can you blame American citizens for saying in reply to all that, that however " embarrassing " the result may be, we do not appreciate such benevolence, nor do we intend to reciprocate such generosity as that, in any such way as is there proposed ? There is one more word on this point that I desire to read. It sums up the whole matter in such a way as to be a fitting climax to this division of my re-marks. This is from Rev. M. A. Gault, a district secretary of the American Sab-bath Union. Mr. Crafts, who is the American Sabbath Union, personally ap-pointed him secretary of Omaha district. Mr. Gault wrote this to Elder J. S. Wash-burn, of Hawleyville, Iowa, and Mr. Washburn sent it to me. I read :Š I see most of your literature in my travels [that is, the literature that Mr. Crafts says we do not stop distributing, and which we are not going to stop distributing], and I am convinced that your folks will die hard. But we are helping Brother Crafts all the time to set stakes and get the ropes ready to scoop you all in. You will kick hard, of course, but we will make sure work. Yes, this bill is one of the "stakes," and the exemption clause is one of the " ropes " by means of which they propose to rope us in. And Mr. Gault is one of the clerical gentlemen who demand that the Government shall "set up the moral law and recognize God's authority, behind it, and then lay its hand on any religion that does not conform to it. This is the intent of those who are working for this bill. You heard Mr. Crafts say a few minutes ago that the Senate Sunday bill introduced by Senator Blair " includes this;" and the Senate bill includes everybody within the juris. 