390 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. ers, if they work seven days, will finally have to do it for six days' wages,Ševen these arguments, it seems, did not origi- nate in Mr. 'Crafts's fertile brain, but he found them all ready to his hand. The Review says:Š The defenders of Sunday legislation tell us not only that all would be forced to keep open shop, but that the workman will give seven days' work for six days' wages. Has it ever occured to them to ask whether continental laborers do this, and if so how it can happen that their employers do not reap any advantage from it. Both propositions can not be trueŠthat the masters will make their, servants work seven days because it is profitable,]  and that it is unprofitable to make servants work more than six. As to the distinction between innocent and harmful amusements, and the prohi-bition of the latter on Sunday, the Review says :Š If we attempt to lay down any rules as to what amusements are, and what are not, innocent, we are at once beset with infinite difficulties. What is an amusement? A clergyman lately told us that he had been severely censured by a Sabbatarian for carrying a walking-stick on Sunday. , . . We despair after this, of finding any amusement that all will agree in as innocent. We must leave the matter to the decision of conscience and taste. . . . If we amuse ourselves, it is said, what is to hinder a continental Sunday being transplanted into England ? A continental Sunday !Šthat is the bugbear. Yes, that is the bugbear still, and in this country, as well as in England, while Tennyson says " Let the great world spin forever down the ringing grooves of change," we can see that those grooves "do but run in cycles," and so far as Sunday law argument is concerned, " There is nothing new under the sun." G. E. FIFIELD. THE prime defect in the whole National Reform system is the view that the State is a person, and in fact, a moral person; that it is an individual, distinct from the citizens who compose it, as one individual is distinct from another. But the State is no such thing. The State is no more a personality than the Patriotic Order of the Sons of America is a personality. The State as an individual cannot do any-thing. The action of the State is only the action of the majority of the individu-als who compose it, or their representa-tives. It becomes their action, theirs is the responsibility; and the morality or the immorality, the real right or wrong of what is done attaches to the individual men who are concerned in it. The State is not an end ; it is only a means by which to accomplish an 'end. It is an organiza-tion formed by men by which to protect themselves and the rights which they pos-sess, and that is all that it is. THE man who sits in judgment on an-other in the matter of his religion, and then attempts to punish him for what he is pleased to term " heresy," simply usurps a prerogative of God. Pfirlk"rICI1V.AX.e ROMS Likrtll FISSOGIati011 DEGUIRILTION OF PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as Corse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit-ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on re-ligious questions. e believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and hon-orable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil gov-ernment; that we and our follow-citizens may enjoy the ines-timable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES: 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK CITY. 1225 T St., N. W., WASHINGTO', D. C. 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO, ILL. 12TH AND CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. 267 WEST MAIN ST., BATTLE CREEK, MICH. R. C. PORTER  A. F. BALLENGER THE theatres of Spokane, Washington, have been closed on Sunday evening by the (alder of the Mayor. It seems the enforcement of such an ordi-nance was left at the discretion of the Mayor, and so, he, having vested in him the power of a Chris-tian government, by his converting command to the evangelical police force of Spokane, christian ized the theatre goers of that city in one night. Ł Ł Ł  THE Observer says our ministers, and laymen, and women, "must, if necessary, forget all other poli-tics in this one kind of politics, the politics that compels our rulers to respect the opinions of the Christian public." Where in the language of the Master has the Observer found an example for such arrogant words as these ? Does the Observer, in this, assume the political attitude which Christ taught the disciples they should bear toward their Roman rulers 7 BOSTONIANS are to be. deprived of their baked beans and Boston brown bread hereafter, on Sun-day, by legislative enactment, if the joint petition of the bakers of Boston and their stablemen has any weight with the Legislature. These represent-ative Bostonians have concluded that they can not refrain from selling and delivering brown bread and baked beans on Sunday without they have an act of the Legislature to paste in their hat and tack on their front door. If these plain and customary articles of Sunday diet are refused to Bostonians on Sunday it will certainly cause them to "Re-member the seventh day to go and buy baked beans and brown bread for Sunday." A POPULAR clergyman of Bridgeport, Connecticut, recently gave notice to his congregation that he would deliver; on Sunday evenings, a series.  of discourses on the Holy Land, from whence he had but just returned, and, to make more vivid the impressions of scriptural incident, illustrations of scenes from Palestine by stereopticon views were promised. To his surprise the deacons of the church objected strenuously, on several grounds, one of which it is said, smacked strongly of the an-cient Blue Laws, attributed to Connecticut, wherein a man was prohibited from kissing his wife, or lovers from hanging over the garden gate on Sun-day. The discourses, with stereopticon accompani-ment were delivered on other evenings of the week, when it was not possible that the morals of the community could be injured by them. THE first issue of the Christian Statesman, under the new management, is a pictorial edition, con-taining cuts of the beast of Revelation which "had two horns like a lamb, and he spake as a dragon," used by the Seventh-day Adventists in the inter-pretation of prophecy; the American eagle, brood-ing the stars and stripes, from the fly leaf of the publications of the National Religious Liberty As-sociation; and an illustration of that famous saw which was so long exhibited as a fac-simile of the one `` laid down every Saturday night " by Jesus Christ the carpenter of Nazareth. The editorial article thus illustrated and entitled " The Most Active Advocates of Sunday Opening" should be read by every subscriber to THE SENTINEL, and every member of the Religious Liberty Association. No unprejudiced mind would need to look any farther for an argument in refutation of Sabbath Union and National Reform positions, than that unconsciously presented in the editorial. THE Christian Nation, of December 2, has this editorial paragraph in reference to the Christian Statesman:Š Our readers will bear testimony that no word has ever appeared in these columns with reference to the Christian Statesman that was not kindly. To the Covenanter Church that paper and the National Reform Association have sustained the same relation, and toward both the Association and its organ the Christian Nation has been un-waveringly loyal. This paper will therefore not be misunderstood in saying that under the new management, it is a sorrowful sight to see the testimony of the Statesman for the claims of King Jesus lowered, and National Reform taking a sub-ordinate position among the reforms of the day, instead of being still maintained as the one that is fundamental to all the others. Covenanters are no longer under any obligation to support it; it is not doing the work it was originally established to do. In all the past seven years and more, no hint or suggestion was ever made, privately or publicly, by any one connected with the Christian Nation, to the writer's knowledge, looking to the substitu-tion in any home, or elsewhere, of this journal for the Statesman; but to-day we have no hesitation in saying to Covenanters that we believe you should prefer the Christian Nation before the Statesman, in your prayers, in your homes, and in your labor. THE policy of multiplication by division is -still in active operation in National Reform matters, and that it will result in an increased earnestness, almost competitive, for the rapid propagation of their principles is shown by such expressions as these, from letters published by the Christian Na-tion :Š God is opening the way, and those parties who have managed to take the Christian Statesman out of our control have greatly simplified matters for us. They will in some measure do the work that we have been doing ; we will go on to do the work yet undone. Here's for the new crusade! Yours fraternally,  That National Reform is just now passing through a crisis no one can doubt. With the sale of the Christian Statesman, its removal to Pittsburg, its editorial management, control and. direction, now out of the hands of Covenanters, it appears that the National Reform Association, and National Reforms are in a critical situation; yet we know that "all things work together for good." As the Covenanter Church has been, and possibly through the near future will continue to be, the principle factor in National Reform work, she should at this juncture review the work of the past quarter century, discover defects, if there be any, and pre-pare herself for a "new campaign" for Christ, and the acknowledgment of his authority by this Na- tion. . Yours,  This separation of the National Reform cable into its individual ropes, to be twisted tighter and strengthened, will not lessen but increase its effi-ciency. It is really "helping Brother Crafts all the time to set stakes, and get ropes ready." The closer woven and better organized is each separate strand the stronger will be the rope of which they are the constituent parts. " SOME people can not comprehend how any one who differs from them can be entitled to respect PRESIDENT. SECRETARY. 