82 'THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. duties to God and the duties to man,Šit would have to be divided at the word 'holy' in the first sentence of the fourth commandment, because the next sentence says, Six days shalt thou labor,' and there are laws in the United States on the subject of labor. And secondly, another clause of the commandment refers to the stranger within thy gates ; and the United States has laws about aliens; and this makes that part of the command-ment to consist of duty toward man, and that, therefore, civil government may legislate upon it." But this makes the commandment speak to the Nation instead of the individual, and entitles the Nation to compel men to render obedience to God, and virtually demands of men that they render to the civil government what belongs to God, and makes Christ contradict himself. Next he de-clared that man has re-enacted six of the com-mandments. It is not to be wondered at that this statement should be made by Mr. Crafts in this connection, because if it be right for man in the form of civil government to exact of men what belongs to God, then the government usurps the place and the authority of God ; and having so done, it becomes necessary, of course, to re-enact such commandments as the government may deem necessary to its work. This is all perfectly con-sonant with the whole system of things that is represented in the Sunday-law movement, and which Dr. Crafts is seeking to establish here, that is, human government in the place of the Govern-merit of God. But so long as the Lord shall remain supreme, so long it will remain unlawful for civil government to exact of men that which pertains to God; and so long it will be blasphe-mous usurpation for any Government or any soci-ety of men to attempt to re-enact any of the com-mandments of God. It shows a deplorable esti-mate of the institutions and- Government of the Lord when men professing to be ministers of the gospel will talk about any of God's statutes being re-enacted by anybody in any way. There was a committee appointed on organiza-tion ; and one of the recommendations of the com-mittee was that the society should be called "The Christian Sabbath Association of the State of Ohio." Another was that the object of the asso-ciation should be "to promote in every legitimate way the observance by all classes of people of the.  Lord's day in accordance with its import as defined by Christ in Mark 2: 27." When this was read, the Rev. Mr. Jefferson, of Cincinnati, objected to the name, and proposed to substitute " The Sunday Association of the State of Ohio," and asked that the reference to. Mark 2 : 27 be stricken out of the recommendation entirely. The reason which he gave for these changes was that in the words of Christ in Mark 2:27 there was no reference whatever to Sunday or the first day of the week, but that Christ was referring 'to the Sabbath of Mosaic institution, which had been abolished. After a good deal of discussion Dr. Crafts suggested that the name be " The Ohio Sabbath Association ;" and with reference to striking out the text Mark 2 : 27 he said: "As the people are not given to having their Bibles at hand, and not everybody is familiar with that term, it would be better to stop with the term Lord's day, as everybody knows what that means." For himself he suppohed the text Mark 2 : 27 was " the Sabbath was made for man." But he was not quite sure. 3r. Crafts's suggestions were accepted, and the association was called "The Ohio Sabbath Association," and the reference to  Mark 2 : 27 was stricken out. A secretary was appointed for each county in the State. Next came the report of the Committee on Res-olutions. These excited considerable discussion, especially one proposing to indorse the movement in favor of a Saturday half-holiday for working-men. Dr. Lasher said : " I do not see why they should say anything about the Saturday half-holiday. I have not as much interest for the laboring man on the six days as I have on the Sabbath-day ; so I move that we strike out that part of the resolution." Another said the Satur-day half-holiday had a good deal to do with the Sabbath question. Dr. Crafts said there could be no objection to it, and this resolution was only to commend. Dr. Lasher replied: "I know it is only commendatory, but it is a question with me whether it is best to commend." When the question came to a vote it was defeated by twenty-four to seventeen. Another resolution rejoiced in the growth of the literature for the defense or the Sabbath, and urged its increased circulation, especially the new series of documents issued by the American Sun-day Union. This gave an opportunity for Dr. Crafts to urge them to call for the hearing on the Sunday question before the Committee on Educa-tion and Labor, telling all to write to the repre-sentatives now instead of to the senators, because the senators had been overwhelmed with orders, so that they could not fill them. Another resolu-tion indorsed heartily the petition to Congress for the passage of the Sunday-Rest bill, asking im-mediate effort for the multiplication of signatures, and resolved that the President of this convention be authorized to sign the petition for the whole of the members. This resolution, of course, was adopted. Next came a paper by Rev. James Brand, on the subject, "To What Extent Are the Christians Responsible for Sabbath Desecration?" He cited, as in the case of the Elgin, Ill., convention, the fact that Christians buy Sunday papers, and do busi-ness on Sunday, and live carelessly in many things. And when it came to the discussion of the paper, one gentleman said he would like to find out by what means he could get the church-members to attend church, especially the railroad men. Another, in answering this, said he thought the reason why they had gotten into this difficulty was because the church has got away from the fourth commandment. At this the Rev. Mr. Jefferson, of Cincinnati, said he did not believe in the perpetuity of the ten commandments, but abided by the teachings of Christ, and that there was " no commandment to-day requiring the Sab-bath to be kept." Here he was interrupted by one, who said that " Christ came not to destroy, but to fulfill." Mr. Jefferson replied: " That is all right ; and he did fulfill it. And, therefore, it no more remains to be fulfilled, because he fulfilled it once for all, and it is gone." He said he was in favor of the object for which the convention was called together, but he was opposed to the use of the term " the Sab- bath-day" in the sense in which they were using it there. This created a great stir ;Ł about a half dozen members were on their feet at once, and several of them talking at once. Somebody cried, " Put him out !" The tumult finally subsided without any violence being done. The convention closed with the speech by Dr. Crafts on the subject of "The Sabbath from a Patriotic Standpoint." It is the same speech, only with slight variations, that he delivered at  Washington City, Chicago, and to the Knights of Labor at Indianapolis. He referred to the counter petitions that are being circulated against the Blair Sunday bill, and said that those who were securing those petitions sometimes take tables in the streets upon which to write, and then bring up every gambler and harlot that they can find to sign the petition. We have had considerable to do with getting signatures to that counter-petition, and we know a good many others who have also, and we do not know of any such char-acters as these that have signed it, nor do we know of anyone who does know, unless it be Dr. Crafts. His acquaintance with that kind of characters may be sufficiently broad to justify him in making the statement. As for us, we know nothing about either the characters or the fact. In answer to the argument that is made that the Blair Sunday bill is unconstitutional, he affirmed that it is constitutional, because the Constitution itself embodies a Sunday law. He referred to that part of the United States Constitution which pro-vides that the President shall have ten days (Sunday excepted) in which to sign a bill, or to keep it without signing it, and then exclaimed: " What is that but a Sunday law? That is the acorn." Hon. Mr. McDougall's speech opened up a scene that was not on the bills, although it was the best speech in the whole convention. It was as follows:Š " Being in full sympathy with every well-di-rected and reasonable movement for a better ob-servance of the civil Sabbath and a belief in the Christian Sabbath, I respond to your call on me to speak. In 1880 the laws of Ohio for the protec-tion of the Sabbath imposed as the highest fine the sum of five dollars. To-day the legislation is as stringent as in any State in this Union. If the Sab-bath is not observed as you desire it, it is not the fault of legislation. No additional legislation is needed to secure what you desire. What then is needed? The solution of this problem is deeper than legislation. Legislation does not change character, and its fiat will not bring the millen-nium. In this State we had a population in 1880 of about 3,200,000. Of that number not quite one-fourth is to be found in all of our cities having a population of 10,000 and over. So that we have an orderly civil Sabbath in at least four-fifths of the State. The evils existing and complained of are in our large cities, whose number may be counted on your ten fingers. How is existing law to be enforced in them. Their welfare is the prob-lem of the statesman and the Christian. We have said legislation which has a limited mission for good in securing social order does not change character, and we may add, Its enforcement de-pends on the public sentiment behind it. Any law on this subject which depends for its enforcement on a resort to a jury, in the existing state of public sentiment in our large cities, must be of necessity a failure under any fair system of selecting a jury which represents the community from which it is drawn ; from our experience in Cincinnati, we affirm you cannot convict for selling liquor on Sunday. Just as an Ashtabula jury of members of the church would refuse in the days of the fugitive slave law to convict a citizen of that place of crime for feeding and clothing, at the command of Christ, a slave, fleeing for freedom to Canada. What then is to be done ? Seek the highest good attainable. The redemption of the masses in our large cities and their elevation to a better observance of law is to be sought through the gospel of Jesus Christ." . "Ministering in his name, go to their homes, seek their welfare, educate them by the power and teaching of Jesus Christ, and there will come to you that reform you seek. They are waiting for this service, this education. Not in conventions ; not in resolutions ; not in the fiats of legislation', 