Price, Three Cents. NEW YORK, APRIL 30, 1896. Vol. 11, No. 18. Exiled to Siberia for Their Faith. "IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BEL/EYE NOT, / JUDGE HIM NOT: FOR I CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAYE THE WORLD." "The Orthodox Church is the State Church in Russia; and . , the strength and might of the empire . . . depend to a great degree upon the faith of the people in its doctrines and discipline. . . . It is therefore natural that our government cherishes and supports the Orthodox religion, and tries to prevent the members of that church or their children from going off into other communions."ŠPierre Botkine, Secretary of the Russian Legation at Washington, 1893. CIVIL GROUNDS OF RELIGIOUS INTOLERANCE. IN all ages and in every country religious intolerance has been defended on the ground of public policy. Dissenters have ever been stigmatized as enemies of the State, subverters of social order, and disturbers of the public peace. Ahab's wicked accusation, contained in the question to Elijah: " Art thou he that troub-leth Israel?" has been repeated in various forms in every country anti in every age from that time until the present. When Daniel was accused to the king be-cause he prayed three times a day contrary to the royal mandate, the accusation was in these words: "Daniel, which is of the children of the captivity of Judah, regardeth not thee, 0 king, nor the decree that thou halt signed." His violation of the king's decree was held to be subversive of social order, and his example to be pernicious in the extreme. The Son of God was accused " as one that perverteth the people," and the prevailing argument with ŁPilate for his condemnation was, " If thou let this man go, thou art not  Cesar's friend: whosoever maketh himself a king speaketh against Cmsar." Religious bigotry simply invoked against Christ the penalties of the civil law; he suffered ostensi-bly, not as a defamer of religion, but as an enemy of the State. The apostles were also accused of being dis-turbers of the peace. At Thessalonica the cry was, " These that have turned the world upside down are come hither also; whom Jason hath received; and these all do contrary to the decrees of Csar, saying that there is an-other king, one Jesus." And at Ephesus, 