54 Alvirk__arcAN- VOL. 9. go. such ideas, and the " Christians " who de-.mand of everybody a measure of Sunday observance whether they really regard the day or not, equally at fault ? and are they not equally infringing the religious liberty of their fellow-men ? Should Use the Power of Congress. As reported in an Iowa paper, Rev. H. H. George, of the American Sabbath Union, expressed himself as follows, in a Sunday convention held in that State last December :Š We are living in stirring times. We must cry aloud and put our shoulder to the wheel. -We propose to stop this Sunday desecration, The Sunday trains are dependent upon the Sunday mails for support. Stop the trains, and that will stop the Sunday newspapers. All denominations of any note are now united in this movement, Catholic and all, and we have succeeded in getting the cooperation of all labor unions, temperance associations, and other societies, political and ecclesi-astical, to unite in one solid move on the present Con-gress, to force them to pass a national Sunday law. We are prepared to make Congress understand that this is; a Christian nation. We would be a set of fools to give up the battle now after gaining the victory over Congress in the World's Fair movement. We must have a Sabbath day as we want it. We have got to get out on the streets and cry, " Yet forty days, and we shall have law." Those who will not be per-suaded to keep the Sabbath [Sunday] can be informed that they will be compelled to do so. The States have Sunday laws, but this is not enough. We are going to have a national law, and I think I am sure we shall have it before the first session of this Congress is closed. Measures are now effected to besiege Congress with representative men from every organized body in the land, and they will not dare refuse us. The church should use the power of Congress to control the sin of the nation, and if she does not do so, blood will be on her garments. Mr. George is now in Washington work-ing as a "Christian" lobbyist,wielding the power of the State in the interest of the Church. Partial in the Law. WHEN upon earth our Lord was asked : " Master, which is the great command- ment in the law ?" Christ's answer was : " Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind. This is the first and great commandment. And the second is like unto it, Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself. On these two commandments hang all the law and the prophets." But men now imagine themselves wiser than our Lord, and so in the annual convention of the Iowa Sabbath Rest Association, held at Marshalltown, Iowa, Dec. 14 and 15, 1893, the Rev. H. H. George, of the American Sabbath Union, in an address on " Sabbath Reform," discriminates be-tween the commandments in a way that our Lord refused to do, and said :Š It is a greater sin to violate the fourth command-ment than any other one of the Decalogue. It is as much greater than the sixth or eighth as the com-mandment itself is greater. There are only four words in " Thou shalt not kill," while there are ninety-five words in the Sabbath commandment; hence to break the Sabbath is ninety-one times greater. The enormity of this statement will be better understood when it is remembered that by violation of the fourth command-ment Mr. George means not observing Sunday ! ! " Ye are departed out of the way; ye have caused many to stumble at the law; ye have corrupted the covenant of Levi, saith the Lord of hosts. There-fore have I also made you contemptible and base before all the people, according as ye have not kept my ways, but have been partial in the law. Mal. 2: 8, 9. Vhy They See It. THE League for the Protection of Amer-ican Institutions, so-called, has renewed its petition to Congress for the entire ces-sation of sectarian appropriations, and asksŠ that the general Government now adopt a definite, permanent and uniform principle, in accord with the spirit of the United States Constitution, for advancing education among the Indians on the basis of the Amer-ican free common school system, in order that the dangers involved in departure from the American principle of keeping separate and distinct the func-tions of Church and State be no more fostered by any actions of the general Government. In presenting this petition the league states thatŠ the highest official bodies of the Congregational, the Methodist Episcopal, the Presbyterian and the Prot-estant Episcopal Churches have determined to with-draw their applications for funds from the United States Treasury, because of the principle which they now see 4s involved in this dangerous practice, and they propose henceforth to support their own schools without Government aid. It is only just to all parties to state that the denominations named were enabled to " see" this by the fact that the Roman Catholics were getting the lion's share of the governmental appropriations. And it is not risking very much to hazard the opinion that Rome will still get the appro-priations. The time for the " Protestants " to have stopped would have been before they began. They are now powerless to check the evil. SOME of our exchanges don't like our attitude toward the Roman Catholic Church. The Mankato Ledger says :Š The Ledger would like to remark to the AMERICAN SENTINEL, that it inclines to the belief that its degen-eration from the proud attitude of a stalwart exponent of religious liberty, and liberty of Sunday observance, to a fanatical assailant of the Catholic Church, and its clergy is not in unison with what its name implies. It breathes a spirit of intemperance and intolerance that would do credit to the early days of religious persecutions, and is not at all in consonance with the enlightenment.; and intelligence that is supposed to exist in this day and age. We are not wholly indifferent to the opinions of our contemporaries; we are not, however, running the SENTINEL to please them, but to tell the truth about "the mystery of iniquity," about the papal beast and its image; and this we must do whether men will hear or whether they will forbear. ONE of our National Reform exchanges doesn't like the American Protective Asso-ciation because in a recent document sent out " by those in a position to speak with authority," this question was asked :Š Will the Protestant ministers in general wake up from their lethargy before it is too late? or will they continue to work hand in hand with the Protestant Na-tional Reform Association, and with the Romans, to establish a national religion, to their final disappoint-ment and discredit, and let the American Protective Association fight the battle for American principles, and for liberty? or will they like true spiritual advisers join the American Protective Association in the good work ? The question is pertinent and does not afford any reason why National Reform-ers should take offense. But it is the truth that hurts. Apostate Protestants of the National Reform school can't bear to be told the truth about their traitorous surrender of Protestant principles. They have dubbed themselves, The best people of the land," " the law-abiding people of the land," " Christian patriots," etc., etc., ad nauseam, and they don't like to have any body dispute their right to such titles. THE pope is taking advantage of the world-wide business depression to make capital for himself. January 28, he de-livered an address in Rome, in which he said :Š We cannot on this occasion omit to recall the past, when the presence of the popes gave Rome, not merely for years, but for centuries, glorious tranquil pros-perity. That prosperity was the outcome of neither chance nor the institutions of man. It was rational and sure of the morrow. Life was then calm and well ordered. Nothing was wanting for the well-being of the people. The opposite is true of the present. If we would profit by bitter experience, let us trace the evils to their origin and seek an effectual remedy. The religious ruin, invoked and designed, has brought moral and material ruin. Not only justice, but also political expediency, must demand the return of the nation to the religion of its fathers, with mutual con-fidence and affection, and without suspicion of the pope, whose preaching of the life eternal renders even mortal life happy and prosperous. What the pope wants is temporal power. He is just as free now to preach the life eternal in Rome as he would be to preach it in New York City, but he is not free to keep others from preaching also. REFERRING to the religious amendment to the Constitution, which has been intro-duced in both the Senate and the House, the Christian Reformer says :Š It will be referred to the judiciary committee, and then will come a hearing before that committee which will afford an opportunity for the discussion of the subject in such a national way as to give it command-ing publicity. Then, if the judiciary committee will report the amendment, the issue will be fairly joined before the nation. And at that juncture Christian citizens should flood Congress with petitions for the passage of the amendment. We are hopeful that this stage of the great issue may be reached early in this present session of Congress. The Reformer ought to know that the Supreme Court decision of February 29, 1892, was more far-reaching than the proposed amendment possibly could be. For all practical purposes the Constitution has been amended by the Supreme Court, and Congress has already enacted legisla-tion in harmony with that amendment. The National Reformers are two years be-hind the times. Their so-called Christian amendment may serve to divert the atten-tion of the people from the fact that the evil principle of governmental religion rather than individual piety has already been established, but it can serve no other purpose. THE Truth Seeker does not like the American Protective Association much better than it does Romanism. It says :Š To the close and fair observer it appears that the American Protective Association has just one objectŠto put and keep Catholics out of office and to put and keep Protestants in office. Instead of opposing the Catholic Church at the points where it antagonizes liberty, the American Protective Association is in pol-itics for the spoils, using opposition to " Roman influ-ence " as its deceptive rallying cry. It represents and includes the most bigoted and unthinking elements of Protestantism, intent on establishing a Protestant State Church. Its papers which come to this office are as fanatical and less reasonable than the Christian Statesman, and surpass in bigotry all other religious papersŠCatholic and ProtestantŠthat we see. This is as nearly as possible an unbiased opinion, for one does not need to more than glance at the first-page cartoon in the Truth Seeker to learn that it hates Rome as cordially as a plant loves light. But we can scarely agree with what is said about the Christian Statesman. We have our-selves regretted that the American Protec-tive Association did not make its fight upon a different basis; but are not per-suaded that its case is hopeless. The Na-tional Reformers, however, are joined to their idol. 