SEE WHAT NE DOLLAR"` It will secure for you immediate delivery of a complele set of eight superb volumes (nearly 4,000 pages, magnificently illustrated) of the latest, most practical and in every way the best general reference library in the English languageŠthe STANDARD AMERICAN ENCYCLOPEDIA 8  LARGE.:-: Ready 4,000 pages. Over 300 VOLUMES. -) Emu Volume Mechanically Perfect. Colored Maps, Charts and Diagrams. A SUPERB REFERENCE WORK treating over 6o,000 topics (to,000 more than any other encyclopedia), covering the entire field of human knowledge, thought and endeavor. FRESH FROM THE PRESS The NEW STANDARD AMERICAN EN-CYCLOPEDIA is brought down to the present time, and contains hundreds of articles on subjects not treated in any other reference work. Another important feature in which it stands absolutely alone is its very full Appendixes, which embrace Elections, State and Territorial Elections, Religious Gazetteer of the United States, Statistics of Presidential Dictionary, a Dictionary of Technical Terms, a over too sub-divisions, including a Biographical Summaries, Statistics of the Population of the World, and a Veritable Mine of Other Information on thous-ands of subjects of universal interest and importance, written in such simple language that even a child can readily understand. THREE GREAT AUTHORITIES SAY: "There is no work in the world that can compare with it." ŠNew J ork Hera/d. "It stands ready to answer any question."ŠBishop Joss H. VINCENT, D.D., LL.D. The Only Encyclopedia Strictly "Up to Date." " The Standard American Encyclopedia is especially suited SIZE OF VOLUME : to private families. Its tables, maps of countries and cities, 2 ins. Thick. 8% ins. Wide. Ely inst  Long. Summaries of Useful Knowledge, etc., make it a most valu- able book of reference. I cordially commend it to the public."  -EDWARD BROOKS, Superintendent of Schools, Philadelphia. For a Limited Time OnlyŠOE DOLLAR secures IMMEDIATE POSSESSION of the entire set Just to introduce the work N one year. of 8 volumes. Balance payable $1.50 monthly for You thus at once secure this splendid set of books for continued use and enjoyment. It is the One Great, Practical Reference Library for the Professional and Business Man, the Teacher, the Student, the Farmer, Artisan, and Mechanic.  With over 3,5o0 engravings, of superb quality and wonderful variety, including MAGNIFICENTLY numerous engraved portraits of distinguished Poets, Authors, Physicians, Chemists, ILLUSTRATED Philosophers, and Scientists, and with over 300 new maps and charts from the VERY THROUGHOUT LATEST EXPLORATIONS and SURVEYS, delineating Continents, Empires, Coun- tries, States, Cities, Towns, Citadels, Solar, Lunar, and Planetary Systems, and every portion of the known world, and forming a Complete and Indexed Atlas of the globe. TH6 STANDARD AMERICAN is the best illustrated and the best mapped Encyclopedia in the English Language. OUR GREAT INTRODUCTORY OFFER To secure widespread and favorable publicity for THE NEW STANDARD AMERICAN ENCYCLOPEDIA, we have decided to place a few introductory sets in each community throughout the country for comparison with all other reference works as to_plan, scope, lateness of treatment and general practical and educational value. We feel that every set will create a demand for others. While the distribution will be general in extent, it will last for a limited time only, after which our regular subscription sale will begin, at prices ranging from $48 to $72 a set, according to style of binaing. Now, however, to quickly and thoroughly introduce the work, as above stated, we make the pnce merely nominal (about the cost of paper and printing), the distribution being LIMITED TO A VERY FEW WEEKS, reserv-ing the privilege of withdrawing the offer at any time when we consider a sufficient number of these introductory sets, at the special price, have been distributed. SEND $1.00 to THE ENCYLOPEDIA PUBLISHING CO., x56 Fifth Avenue, New York City, and I OUR GREAT a full set of eight volumes of THE NEW STANDARD AMERICAN ENCYCLOPEDIA, in cloth binding will be forwarded to you The balance is payable at the rate of $1.50 monthly for one year, or about S cents a day. If you prefer the half-Morocco binding, the monthly payment will be $2.00, and for full sheep, $2.50  per month for one year. We recommend the halt-Morocco style, which is particularly elegant and SPECIAL OFFER- serviceable and will last a lifetime. If net entirely satisfactory any set may be returned within ten  days and money will be promptly refunded. Owing to the nominal price at which these introductory sets are supplied, transportation charges must be paid by the purchaser ; but our entire confidence that the volumes will be gladly received and cheerfully paid for is shown by sending a $48.00 set of books on an advance payment of only $r.00. We also feel that you will thor-oughly appreciate this great work and speak favorably of it to others. Each set weighs boxed nearly 50 pounds, and will be shipped by freight unless otherwise ordered. We refer you to the publishers of this paper. Please mention it when writing. Send two-cent stamp for postage on twenty-two page illustrated pamphlet with sample pages, colored map, and portraits of famous inventors. Address The Encyclopedia Publishing Co., 156 PEF,M01.41-474. You have a whole year to pay the balance in monthly amounts, so small you will not feel the outlay. A COMPLETE LIBRARY For daily use in your home or office. THE STANDARD AMERICAN is prepared by JOHN CLARK RIDPATH, LL.D. author of " Ridpath's Histories," etc., assisted by a large corps of editors and over too emi-nent scholars and specialists. 