equal and &xact Justice to all Men, of Whatever state or (Por8uasion, religious or colitical.ŠThomas Jefferson. VOLUME 7. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 11, 1892. NUMBER 6. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BoNo ST., NEW YORE. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES, ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. McKEE. LINCOLN'S immortal declaration ex-presses the American idea of government, "A, government of the people, by the peo-ple, and for the people." That is,the people compose the government. It is a govern-ment in which the people act. In this gov-ernment the people govern themselves. They do this by their own authority, by their own will, by their own power of gov-ernment exerted upon themselves by them-selves; and they do it for themselves, for their own good. THE best instrument for the awakening and nurture of a spiritual -nature is the Bible. But the Bible is a spiritual instru-ment, and can be properly used only by the spiritually - minded. The carnally-minded and the worldly-minded can teach facts and truths about the Bible, and ex-pound intellectually some of the contents of the Bible. But to use the book as a means of spiritual awakening and nurture is possible for the spiritually-minded only. The State is utterly void of this spiritual-mindedness, and hence is utterly unfit to use the Bible for religious instruction.ŠRev. Owen James. THE Republic of Brazil, continues, it is stated, in its policy of withdrawing sup-port from the priests of the Roman Cath-olic Church. When a priest dies or va-cates his pastorate, his successor can not succeed to his benefit from the State treas-ury, but must depend entirely upon the support of the members of his congrega-tion, the same as all Protestant churches are supported. " The Church protested  at first, but was told that any attempt at retaliation would result in the entire withdrawal of State aid at once and for-ever. The priests seem now to have ac-cepted the situation, and Brazil has prac-tically no Church question to trouble her. Morality and Civil Government. THE SENTINEL has been criticised in the past for the statement that morality is a mat-ter that does not come properly within the scope of civil government. Nevertheless the statement is literally true, and the position entirely tenable. Morality, as defined by Webster, is " The relation of conformity or non-conformity to the true moral stand-ard or rule; . . . the conformity of an act of the divine law." The true moral standard is the law of GodŠthe ten com-mandments. The keeping of the ten com-mandments is morality; the breaking of any one of them is immorality. The keep-ing of the ten commandments is righteous-ness; the breaking of any one of them is sin. This true moral standard takes cogni-zance of the thoughts and intents of the heart. To hate is murder; to covet is idolatry; to think impurely of a woman is adultery; and these things are immoral. Morality or immorality lies in the heart; it pertains to the thoughts and intents of the heart; and with it the State can have nothing at all to do. The civil govern-ment has nothing to do with hatred, nor with covetousness, nor with impure think-ing; yet all these things are immoral. A man may hate his neighbor all his life; he may covet everything on earth; he may think impurely of every woman that he sees; he may keep this up all his days, and the State will not touch him, nor has it any right to touch him. It would be difficult to conceive of a more immoral person than such a man would be, yet the State can not punish him. And this dem-onstrates our proposition that with,  im-morality the State can have nothing at all to do. But only let the man's hatred lead him  to attempt to do an injury to his neighbor, and the State will punish him. Only let his covetousness lead him to lay hands on what is not his, in attempt to steal, and the State will punish him. Only let his impure mind lead him to attempt violence to any woman and the State will punish him. Yet, bear in mind, the State does not punish him even then for his immor-ality, but for his incivility. The State punishes no man because he is immoral, but because he is uncivil. It can not pun-ish immorality; it must punish incivility. This distinction is shown in the very term by which we designate State or national government. It is called civil government; no person ever thinks of calling it moral government. The government of God is the only moral government. God is the only moral Governor. The law of God is the only moral law. To God alone per-tains the punishment of immorality, which is the transgression of the moral law. Governments of men are civil govern-ments, not moral. Governors of men are civil governors, not moral governors. The laws of States and nations are civil laws, not moral. To the authorities of civil government it pertains to punish incivility, not immorality. Thus again it is demon-strated, that with immorality civil govern-ments can never of right have anything to do. On the other hand, as God is the only moral Governor; as his is the only moral government; as his law is the only moral law; and as it pertains to him alone to punish immorality; so likewise the promo-tion of morality pertains to him alone. Morality is conformity to the law of God; it is obedience to God. But obedience to God, must spring from the heart in sin-/  cerity and truth. This it must do, or it is not obedience; for, as we have proved by the word of God, the law of God takes cogni-zance of the thoughts and intents of the heart. But " all have sinned and come short of the glory of God." By transgres-sion all men have made themselves im-moral. " Therefore by the deeds of the law [by obedience] shall no flesh be justi- 