MERICAN SENTINEL. 425 News, Notes, and. Comment. THE great distinctive characteristic which differen-tiates the religion of the Master from all other religious systems in the world is its absolute separation from the State, its perfect independence of the civil power, its flat repudiation of the "arm of the flesh," its perfect trust in "the sword of the Spirit." This idea had never occurred to any of those who had set up as moral guides for the people, or directors of their political destinies. It was a new and a strange doctrine. It was nothing short of a revolution in human thought. There was no germ of such a conception in any existing philosophy or cult. * * * THE great Confucius put the offering of sacrifles among his "eight objects of government," and mentions as a matter of course the appointment of a "Minister of Religion" to preside over the sacred ceremonies of the country, and 'regulate the services paid to the spirits and gods." Plato was so fully persuaded in his own mind not only that religion was a State matter, but that it was exclusively a State matter, that he dis-countenanced private or household devotions altogether, and, in his ideal commonwealth, proposed to compel every person to attend to these things in the public tem-ples. He declared that among the greatest evils in civil affairs was "ignorance of the true God "Šmeaning the god provided by the State for the worship of its citizens Šand that "he who disturbed the foundations of religion disturbed the foundations of the State "Šmeaning that one who did not "conform" to the church by law insti-tuted was necessarily a traitor. * * * ARISTOTLE sang the same strain. Chief among all the necessities of a State, he placed "the service of the gods." For them, he held the temples ought to be built at the expense of the community, and for their worship men "ripe for the priesthood" should be "set apart" by the government; for subordinate branches of the public ritual, he would have "magistrates" assigned, leaving the more important and gorgeous ceremonials for the priesthood proper. Cicero devotes one book of the three which compose his work "On the Laws," as it now stands to the exposition of a system of ecclesiastical regulations, such as he deemed an essential part of a perfect polity. * THE "fathers"and people of the early church were deeply tainted with this pagan notion. It was under its dominating influence that the bishops entered into that "dark intrigue" with Constantine, whereof the first fruit was the first Sunday law. St. Augustine thus frankly warned the Britons: "If you will not unite with us in showing the Saxons the way of life, you shall receive from them the stroke of death"Šmeaning to frighten them into a nominal submission to the See of Rome, as the  only condition in which they would be aided in the defense of their homes. And these same Britons declared that their kingdom was "held of Christ." * * NONE of the great "reformers" succeeded in shaking off this intellectual yoke completely. Luther started out well, but when the time came that he could avail himself of the temporal power he so detested while it worked the will of the papacy, he was not proof against temptation. The avowed aim of Zwinglius was to establish a theocracy after his own heart, which should crush with pike and sword the un-Christianized peoples of Europe, and smite the Romanists hip and thigh. Wycliffe was, for his fol-lowers as to doctrine, a pope and Ecumenical Council on a small scale, as well as a "regulator" of life. * COMING down to later times, we find many philoso-phers and statesmen saturated with the same fallacy. Machiavelli did not hesitate to enumerate among the duties of rulers close attention to "all the circumstances and events" of a national life "however false or frivolous soever they may appear to themselves." Bismarck never doubted the expediency, nay, the substantial necessity, of a State-established and State-supported church. Glad-stone has written himself down as of like opinion. Ma-caulay could not express frankly a contrary view. Cole-ridge maintained that we must have "national faith," and that the State "has a right to demand of the na-tional church that its instructions should be fitted to diffuse throughout the people legality, that is, the obliga-tions of a well-calculated self-interest, under the condi-tions of a common interest, determined by common laws." And Mr. Matthew Arnold considered that all who oppose a union of Church and State "think unworthily" both of government and religion. IT has been well said that man is so inconsistent a creature that there is no reasoning from his beliefŠmean-ing, of course, his professed beliefŠto his conduct, or from any one part of his belief to any other part. This fact is perfectly familiar to every student of physchology, and is often forced upon the consideration of the most superfi-cial observer of his own kind. But surely it is a monstrous thing, and one worthy of every effort to eradicate, that those who profess and call themselves Christians should tolerate for an instant in their own minds the slightest inclination toward a united Church and State. There can really be no question of expediency about the subject, so far as a Christian is concerned. A Christian has one Authority, and one only for his view of the nature and scope of religion. When he finds out what this Authority has to say, there is, for him, an end of the matter. All the glamour of an establishment does not dazzle him. All the arguments of "police" that professors of philoso-phy, or self-chosen " heads " of the people can bring to 