406 AMERICAN SENTINEL "Unless the friends of the general staff were deter-mined to dominate the second court martial of Dreyfus, or, failing that, to attempt a coup d'etat, General Mer-cier would never have ventured to utter the defiant words which he pronounced on Sunday." But more interesting than the fact of the crisis itself, is the question of the cause which has given rise to this remarkable case; for the cause represents the root of the whole matter, and there is abundant proof that some-thing far more than the alleged traitorous conduct of a French army officerŠDreyfusŠhas been back of the pro-ceedings and demonstrations which have marked the history of the case. And now, an answer comes to the question of the identity of this cause, from a professor in the University of Turin, Mr. Cesare Lombroso. It is published in the New York Independent, under the head-ing, "The Secret Spring in the Dreyfus Case." After set-ting forth the necessity for the conclusion that there is a "secret spring" in the case, this authority proceeds to identify this ulterior cause and says:Š "If we recall the proverb: fecit cui prodest' (he is the doer of the deed to whom the deed will be of profit) we conclude that no one could have been the moving spirit in all this except the person who had the largest interest at stake, and who had a great object in view. Now, clearly, there remains only the clerical party, or rather, the Jesuit party, which can have any great inter-est involved. . . . "Now, in the Dreyfus intrigue, which the Jesuits did not create, but which, once created, they proceeded to put in fermentation, they espied the means of making a bloodless St. Bartholomew's Eve, by managing, with as little violence but as great efficiency as possible, to de-troy all esteem for Hebrews in public opinion by depict-ing them as enemies of the country, with the object of thus paving the way for the same sort of operation with the Protestants; and thus they meant to end by having France united in the Roman Catholic faith, and, what was of the greatest importance to them, in blind, supine subjection to the church; and they knew that a ferment more acute than in other lands over their dogmas is in-nate among the French people, and, more than that, a ferment which goes back to the days of the Druids and the Franks, and reunites and fuses the patriotic idea into one with that religious Gesta Dei per Francos. So they set about bringing it to an acute state and raising it to a red heat. .'"We do not possess, it is true, documentary proofs of these Jesuit plots, but as we know the good fathers' nature and method of working in underhand ways, and the ease with which they cover up their traces, this be-comes only one sign the more; however, there are other indications, including the squandering of money on an immense scale, by Esterhazy, upon the journalists. Now, as long as the general staff was triumphant it is easy to understand that they made use of the state funds; but afterward, who could have furnished it,except the priests? Who could have made Esterhazy hold his tongue as to his authorship of the bordereau in April, 1899, when the general staff had no more money? "Another proof is the compact of the generals with Father Dulac, at Versailles and at .Brussels; the action  of Father Dulac upon Madame Pays, and that of the confessors upon Madame Faure. "There are other positive proofs in plain light of day in the sermons of Father Didon, who declared that the soldiers with their sabers had saved society, which ought to sacrifice everything for them; in conclusion, the al-most universal movement of the young men in the schools, which are, in great part, directed and inspired by the clericals, can proceed from nothing else than the instigation of these clericals, since the temper of the young man is always in favor of the oppressed, not of the oppressors, while in the Zola case, for example, we beheld a single man overwhelmed by the whole of France, and above all, by the young men. "From this it is evident how acutely Gambetta fore-saw the great danger which France might run from the cunning plots of clericalism, when he made his predic-tion: 'ClericalismŠthat is the enemy!' "And, in fact, the lowering of the moral sense and the decline of all liberalism which has come to France through the Dreyfus affair has done more damage than Sedan and Waterloo put together to a country which has wished to remain the center of European thought. "And if France does not take care to escape from the slavery which the Jesuits and, perhaps, the other reli-gious bodies exercise over the women and the youdg people; if she does not free herself from the press, as she has liberated herself from the nobles, she may call her-self, in words, a republic, but she will remain a republic dependent on the Druids, which is worse than being the slave of the Germans and of the English, because en-slaved bodies can win their liberty, but souls, no! "Will she have the strength and the resolution to do it? We hope so!" No Dreyfus case with its attendant national crisis would be possible in a country without a union of church and state. Pointed Words on Imperialism. Thu clergy of the United States have in many cases become prominent champions of imperialism, but not all have taken this stand. Some have taken their stand emphatically against such a departure from American principles, and have had the courage to court the charge of treason which is being made against those who do not side with the majority in upholding a policy of foreign conquest. One of these is the Rev. C. R. Brown, pastor of the First Congregationalist church of Oakland, Cal. In a recent discourse Mr. Brown read to his con-gregation an extract from a letter to a resident of Oak-land by a lieutenant in the Philippines, and followed it with some very perinent remarks concerning the nature of the policy being pursued in that far-off land under the stars and stripes. His language is sufficiently pertinent and instructive to bear repetition. To his friend in Oakland the lieutenant in the Philip-pines wrote:Š "I have seen a real war with all its horrors. I have 