622 AMERICAN SENTINEL,. the Bible is a compilation of legends, or of "anonymous works," or in any other way is not what it claims to be, or that it does not mean what it says, can be consistent and honest only by openly joining the ranks of those who repudiate it altogether. There is no middle ground between faith and unbelief. Vitality of Superstition. IT is a fact of which there is abundant proof that the "light of the nineteenth century" has had little or no effect in destroying the germŠso to speakŠof popular superstitions. Superstition in its various forms flour-ishes to-day to a greater extent, probably, than at any time since the Dark Ages. In an article by Daniel G. Brinton, in the September Century, on "Popular Super-stitions in Europe," the author says:Š "From some strange reason, there has been a won-derful revival within the last decade of nearly every me-dieval superstition, under various guises, in the most enlightened centers of the world. Palmistry, astrology, sympathetic magic, the doctrine of signatures, hiero-therapeutics, and all the farrago of fifteenth-century thaumaturgy, flourish to day in Boston and New York, in Paris and Chicago, to a degree surpassing anything known three centuries ago." But the reason fOr this revival is not so strange as the writer assumes. For superstition is essentially a re-ligious manifestation, and wanes only where religious light increases. And religious light is not increasing, because Christian truth is shunned by the carnal mind. A CATHOLIC priest of Buffalo recently distinguished himself creditably by writing a book attacking the prac-tice of some Dominican monks in Pennsylvania who were running a brewery in connection with their monastery; the book being entitled, "Monks and Their Decline." Now the papal authorities have placed his work upon the "Index" of prescribed books. THE president of the newly-elected Japanese Diet is a member of the Presbyterian Church, and other repre-sentatives of Christianity are now in high political posi-tions in that country. THE casualties of the war with Spain, from the offi-cial records of the War Department, as far as completed, were 264 killed in battle. Of these 33 were officers and 231 enlisted men. The figures apply to the losses in the Philippines, Cuba, and Porto Rico. The percentage of officers killed is said to be unprecedented in the battles of the world. Ł CHRISTIANITY repairs, but war only tears down. Chris-tianity tears nothing down without erecting something better in its place. The War of Principle.ŠNo. 2. "IF I mistakenot," said Aleck, "the god of this world is Mars. His name and his nature is war. The children of disobedience are his children, and unless they are regenerated they are the children of the devil, and the lusts of their father they will do. He was a murderer from the beginning, said Christ. This proves the god of this world a god of war. Christ came to make men peace-makers by imparting to them the peace nature." "Then how is it, Aleck," said Cecil, "that he says, '1 Came not to send peace on the earth but a sword.' Does he not then make himself responsible for war?" "His sword is his Word. The weapons of our warfare are not carnal. His Word brings on the war, not because there is war in his Word, but because it carries with it the divine nature, and those who are born of this incor-ruptible seed are the objects of Satan's hate and of the world's. The war comes not from the peace-making side. It is as if a lamb suddenly fell into a den of wolves. You know where the attack comes from?" "No, no, Aleck; Christianity did not simply walk about as a blameless lamb in the midst of wolves; but it was aggressive. History gives us proof of a positive character. Not speaking of the crusades, remember how the early disciples entered homes, and broke up the unity of the family, went into communities, and disturbed the social equilibrium. Why did not the Christians let the wolves alone in their happy dens? " "Happy ! Do you call the world happy at the time when the gates of Janus were closed? Slavery, poverty, crime, infamy, misery, and ignorance were everywhere. It was pity for man's lost condition that led Christ and his followers to the agression you deplore. They went not with carnal weapons. Their armory was love. Wherever they went blessing and light followed. The despairing began to hope, the faithless rejoiced, and though they were cast out, persecuted, and ostracized, they counted their afflictions light." "After all I can't see why this aggression had to be brought in when the temple of Janus was closed. If your reformers had given the world time, given them education, and such arts as come with peace, this sepa-ration among men need not have been." "Ah, Cecil, these men were not reformers. They came offering a new life to men, a new lineage, a new country. Paul was once of your opinion, and consented to the 