700 AMERICAN SENTINEL. God the Author of Liberty. IN our national hymn we sing,Š " Our father's God, to thee Author of liberty," etc. The truth which these words affirmŠthat God is the au-thor of libertyŠrests upon the fact that God is the father of the human race. Liberty means nothing to the individual deprived of all resources. God has all resources at his command, and is therefore the real author and custodian of all lib-erty. The strongest and wisest of men are not able to sup-ply themselves with the resources necessary to a single hour of life; and without life, liberty is nothing. Men are neither omnipotent nor omniscient. They do not provide the air they breathe, nor the water they drink. Yet it is very common for people to imagine that they can get along entirely independent of that Intelli-gence and Power by which these things were provided; that, indeed, they will not enjoy full liberty in any other way. We very often see the expression "free thought," which is meant to convey the idea by those using it that no thought is free except that which springs wholly from the exercise of their own human minds. What is there free about such thought? Thought, -like an individual, is free in proportion.to the extent of the range through which its powers can carry it. Is the range of "free thought" any greater than that of other thought? Can the ignorant savage do more to extend his range of thought than the educated white man can do for him? Can finite man do more for himself in the same line than can be done for him by the infinite God? We are the children of God. In proportion to his knowledge and power, our own abilities are far less than are the wisdom and power of an infant as compared with its parents. If we can enjoy liberty without God, the in-fant can do the same independently of parental care. But the infant left to its own resources very quickly comes to grief. It is natural for it to prefer its own way to that of its parents, but its own way would lead only to disaster. Left to itself, it would soon be deprived of all liberty in any form. But by wise parental care and instructipn, the child is brought day by day into a more perfect knowledge and  enjoyment of liberty. And when it has received all in this direction that its parents can give it, it can still go on indefinitely under the care of its Father in heaven. And God has fixed no limit to this process. God would not have his children always bound by the limited powers and faculties which they possess here in this life. He designs that they shall have bodies and minds filled with an imperishable vigor. He purposes for them a continual growth in knowledge that will never end. And with this continual expansion of the faculties, this continual enlargement of the range of their power, and therefore of their freedom, there will ever be written more clearly upon all minds the mighty truthŠGod the Author of liberty. Politics and Citizenship. "HELLO, Will," exclaimed Fred Hammond one morn-ing, upon suddenly meeting his young friend, Willie Dean. "Say.," he continued, "who are you goin' to vote for? I mean," he added, recollecting that neither of them were yet of voting age, "who would you vote for if you were old enough?" "Oh, I don't know," answered Willie, with some hesi-tation; "I never thought very much about politics." It was the day before election, and political excite-ment was running high in the city where they lived. "I know who I'd vote for," said Fred; "I'm a Repub-lican," he added, with the air of one making a very im-portant statement. "What makes you a Republican?" Willie asked. "Why," exclaimed Fred, "because that's the right party; my pa's a Republican, and he knows all about what to vote for." "What does the Republican party believe?" queried Willie. "Oh, I don't know exactly; something about the tariff, though, I guess," was Fred's answer. "But how do you know you're a Republican, if you don't know what the party believes?" "Well, I'm a Republican, anyway; my pa's a Repub-lican, and that's reason enough for me." "I don't see very much reason in that," observed Willie. "My pa's a Demberat, and he says everybody ought to vote that ticket. For my part," he added, "I never could see much use in going into politics anyway." "Why," exclaimed Fred, in a tone of surprise, "you're not a good citizen if you don't vote. My school-teacher told ,.us that when we had our brigade drill, the other day. He said that people who didn't vote were no better than traitors." "Well, I don't see as voting makes much difference with that. I heard two men talking politics on the cor-ner yesterday, and they got to disputing about it, and one of them said everybody who didn't vote the straight party ticket, as I believe he called it, was a traitor. So I 