266 A_NICIEE-LICIUNT VOL. 11, No. 34. " POWERFUL" SERMONS AND " SOUND MONEY." IT is announced that the Rev. Dr. John P. Newman, Methodist Episcopal Bishop of San Francisco, has entered the political campaign with a "plan to have every one of the thou-sand ministers in the conferences committed to his charge use their influence in the pulpit and out of it against the success of " free silver." The Detroit Free Press, of August 4, makes mention of a " powerful sermon " recently preached by Bishop Newman at Asbury Park. No sinners were converted by it however, as we are told that the sermon was not against sin, but "against the white metal." It is not so important now, it seems, to turn sinners from sin to righteousness, as to turn men from what is deemed political heresy. Bishop Newman declares, says-the same journal, "that in the present campaign clergymen of all de-nominations, Protestant as well as Catholic, have a duty to perform that is little less sacred and important than that which confronted them during the anti-slavery agitation. He holds that Christian ministers should preach the doctrine of sound money from the pul-pits." Of course, every person can "preach the doctrine of sound money," according to his own view of the same; and in these days, when " preaching" is in general so little re-lated to the statements of Scripture, this may not be a difficult thing to do. What the Bible doctrine of "sound money" is, we be-lieve no one has attempted to say. The Bible does speak about money and treasures in many texts, but what it says is for the most part ignored in the financial transactions of this day. It speaks about not putting out money to usury, about giving money to the poor, and about the "tithe" which belongs to the Lord. It counsels men to lay up treasure in heaven. It speaks also; of the treasure which the rich have "heaped together" for the last days, by defrauding the poor, and of the " rust" of their heaped up gold and silver, which will be a witness against them before God. But we imagine a sermon preached from these texts would not be considered as of any great value for campaign pur-poses. The Free Press does not see very easy sail-ing ahead for the bishop's project. " When the good bishop gets back to California," it says, " and seeks to hold 1,000 pulpits in line for a defense of the present monetary standard, there is likely to be trouble. In many, if not a majority of the parishes, the free silver sentiment just now predominates, and with the general ticklishness that prevails on the question of politics in the pulpit, the campaigning of Bishop Newman's ministers for sound money would stir up a Methodist excitement outrivaling any camp meeting fer-vor ever heard of." Yes; there is nothing like a mixture of re-ligion and politics to stir up excitement, and that of a kind which does not promote the cause of Christianity. Bishop Newman seems to be aware of this, but is not swerved thereby from his purpose. He says: "If such a stand on the part of the clergy causes dissension in the churches, let the dissension come. Better dissension in the churches for the sake of the right, than peace and quiet while dishonor triumphs and the sappers and miners of the national credit are enthroned in high places." "Dissension in the churches" is bad enough when the opposing forces divide over some principle of religious truth; but when the  churches divide over politics, the situation is indefensible. It is a baleful sign of the times that eminent clergymen are more willing to welcome additional dissension in the churches than to give up politics. Why can they not see that the momentous and eternal interests committed to their hands as ambassadors of Christ seeking the salvation of souls, demand that they should keep out of politics alto- gether. s. AP. Ł  THE EASTERN QUESTION. THE Sun, of this city, in its issue of the 23rd, ult., printed the following from its London correspondent under date of the pre-vious day :Š No information is vouchsafed yet about the negoti-ations between the powers for the settlement of the Cretan troubles, and it is shrewdly suggested of the whole Turkish question that the signs multiply that the British Government is at last making up its mind to a definite and drastic policy. It is highly signifi-cant that the London Standard has come over to com-plete acceptance of Mr. Gladstone's view of the situa-tion. It says: " By its persistent neglect of the reit-erated warnings to put its house in order, and the first step to that end should be the concession of au-tonomy to Crete, the Porte courts the 'punishment that must in the end overtake an empire which disre-gards its duty to its subjects. There was a time when this country, as it showed by its deeds, was willing to make any sacrifice in order to preserve the integrity of Turkey. We should still be unwilling to hasten its division, but the persistent misgovernment of the Sultan has made it impossible for an English minis-ter to suggest the idea of going to war in defense of so rotten a system." The same newspaper which, more than any other, voices government opinion also says: "Great Britain will act with the powers, not independently of them. She does not want Crete, as even the Continental press is beginning to understand. What she does want is to see that island+ so pacified that it will cease to be 'a danger to the peace of Europe, and pacified in a permanent sense. Crete will never be so long as she forms an integral part of the dominions of the Sultan." This shows very clearly the exceedingly critical crisis which has been reached in East-ern affairs, and no man knows what a day may bring forth. That the Armenians and the Cretans have both suffered untold wrongs at the hands of the Turkish power must be admitted by all. Turkish rule can not but be regarded as in-tolerable by all who know even the first princi-ples of human rights, and these peoples justly command the sympathy of the civilized world. But that there is not wanting wrong on the part of political agitators is also patent. While there has been persecution for con-science' sake in Armenia, while innocent non-combatants, have been butchered in cold blood or indescribably outraged simply because they were not Mohammedans, occasion for these attrocities has deliberately been afforded by agitators who hoped by provoking the Turks and Kurds to deeds of rapine, murder and outrage, to so rouse the powers that they would with one accord demand autonomy for Ar-menia. Never was more lenious crime per-petrated against unoffending people than that of which Armenian agitators have been guilty, if we may credit the evidence-.of men who, being upon the ground, are in a position to know the whole truth. Rev. George C. Raynolds, missionary in Van, Turkey, in an article published in the Independent, of this city, August 13, says:Š The sympathy justly manifested toward the Arme-nians, in view of the cruel wrongs under which they were suffering, awakened hope on the part of the re-volutionary leaders that the Powers would take up their cause, some of them being foolish enough to ex-pect that an autonomous State would be established for them. When these manifestations of sympathy slackened, or the hope of outside interference les- sened, they felt that something more tangible in the way of oppression was needed to spur on the flagging zeal of the Powers; and so, three or four years ago, we began to hear of plans to stir up the Kurds to com-mit some great outrage, which should horrify Europe and lead to the realization of their hopes. It was to no purpose to assure them that the least suspicion of overt effort on their part to secure such a result would estrange, instead of attracting, the sympathy of Eu-rope. However, the Turk did not wait for their ini-tiative, but substantially unprovoked, horrified the civilized world by the fiendish barbarity of SassAn. A cry for redress went up from the civilized world, and especially from the English-speaking nations, which the ruling class could not ignore; and hopes, alas, false, were kindled in the hearts of the Arme-nians, and the revolutionary party among them took on new boldness, while the Moslems were stirred up to still greater fanaticism. And now comes the saddest episode in all modern history, the terrible series of massacres which began last autumnŠand which have culminated, I trust, in the events of the last fortnightŠwhich have made this blue lake to blush with the blood of thousands slain among the green vallers and snow-capped peaks which surround it. That the Turks can be justified for the utterly barbarous and unspeakably cruel methods they have pursued in their efforts to eradi-cate rebellion, surely no one will claim. One is loth to believe that human nature is capable of taking de-light in chopping to pieces men, women and children Šas has been done to scores of those brought to us every dayŠand in inflicting such unimaginable suf-fering as is now endured by the thousand wretches who crowd the places about us. Any claim the Turk may have made to rank among civilized or semi-civ-ilized nations, they have thus resigned, and relegated themselves to the condition of their ancestors of the time of Tamerlane. The blood of slaughtered thou-sands, the mass of whom were in no sense rebels, pro-tests to heaven against the savagery of this complacent people. But, on the other hand, the revolutionists are not less to blame than the Turks themselves for the events of these bloody months. It was their ill-advised dem-onstration at Constantinople that first lighted the fires of fanaticism last fall and early winter that swept over the land a very besom of destruction. Van alone of all the large cities of the land then escaped. It certainly seemed that the testimony of those months of carnage, taken in connection with the attitude of the Powers in drawing back and allowing the Turk to work his own sweet will, was enough to prove to any so obtuse as not already to have learned the lesson, that revolutionary methods and demonstrations could not fail to Increase, instead of alleviating the intoler-able burden that was resting on the Armenian people. But here in Van, three different revolutionary socie-ties, each with its leaders from abroad, persisted in keeping up their criminal propaganda. Men, dressed in a-way especially to irritate the Turk, and armed to the teeth, kept up nightly patrols of the streets, fre-quently coming under the observation of the Turkish patrols, and, in one instance, having a brush with them, in which a Turkish soldier was killed. They issued proclamations abusing-the Sultan and inciting the people to revolt, and nearly all of these docu-ments fell into the hands of the Vali. They kept up a regular system of forced contributions to a " Patri-otic ' fund, with the repeated accompaniments of housebreaking and murder. They assassinated one prominent ecclesiastic and several prominent men for not being sufficiently subservient to their purposes. They would be found all armed and equipped, in private houses, when one went to make holiday calls. . . . A strange infatuation prevailed among the leaders and infused itself among their followers; and they would listen to no argument or appeal. It is easy to see how intensely such a course would arouse the Moslem leaders. The outlying Kurds, who bad had frequent encounters with these revolutionists, as they passed between here and the bordor, and had lost a good many influential men by their rifle balls, were aroused to the extremist hate of the very name of rev-olutionists. It is not then to be denied that there was in Van an organized revolutionary party, of consid-erable strength, well known and sufficient to justify the government in taking vigorous steps to sup-press it. This revolutionary leaven has not penetrated the whole nation, though it has extended much further than we could wish; but what I desire to ask of the friends of humanity in my native land is that they will distinguish between the poor Armenians who are now suffering so cruelly in this land, and of whom so many have already given up their lives, rather than sacrifice their faith in, our common Saviour [italics ours, En. SENTINEL], and the blatant revolutionists who have so cruelly betrayed them. For the former we still entreat that you will extend them the aid they are so much in need of, and without which they can-not survive, though we know many of you have al- 