696 AMERICAN SENTINEL. traffic to the last six days of the week, it will be a long step toward getting them to see that it should be sup-pressed altogether. If this were true, then it would apply to all other business. No; all that can be won by the Sunday-closing agitation is more homage to the Sunday. If there were in it any real recognition of the evil of the liquor traffic, then the man who saw the point would be opposed to the traffic every day. Sin is sin, no matter on what day of the week it is committed. If a man com-mits a murder, the sin is not enhanced by the fact that the deed was done on the Sabbath. It is a fact that many things are lawful on the six working days of the week which are not lawful on the Sabbath day, and many of those who believe that Sunday is the Sabbath are la-boring hard to put liquor-selling in that list. If they wish to teach the stricter observance of Sunday, they have that right, but let them not delude themselves with the idea that they are furthering the cause of temperance. London, Eng. " Let." BY J. E. EVANS. WEBSTER defines the word "let" to mean, "To give leave or power by a positive act; . . . to withhold restraint; not to prevent; to permit, allow, suffer." The word is found in Isa. 55:7, where the Lord says, "Let the wicked forsake his way." The thought thus expressed is the correct basis for all missionary work. There are many other scriptural terms which have the same import, such as "come," "ac-cept," "choose." All of God's requirements are of. the nature of an invitation, not in the least arbitrary, but admonitions to seek that which infinite'wisdom sees is the best thing for us. Every requirement is a privilege, and every privilege, when accepted, is a blessing. These blessings are personal in their application, and their enjoyment does not depend upon the will of majori-ties. Their reception and enjoyment in no way interferes with the rights of the receiver or any one else. Thus it is not necessary for the Christian to surrender any of his rights to secure to any other Christian, or society of Christians, certain rights. Therefore the idea,  that we must legislate for the good of the majority, even if such legislation does prescribe the religious conduct of the minority, is false. No rights are taken from any one upon becoming a Christian, and in the full enjoyment of all his rights he does not interfere with the rights of any other man. In this lies the difference between the kingdom of Christ and the kingdoms of earthŠbetween religious and civil governments. In a civil government the lawless and the disobedient must be kept within the bounds of civility by the power of law; but in the kingdom of Christ, which he declared "is not of this world," law is only the rule of obedience, not the p3wer. Love is the power which constrains the  subject of this kingdom to obey. Therefore, any society that uses law to compel obedience, though it be a church society, is of the human order; and in thus working re-veals to the world that it is without the drawing power of the love of Christ. He is undertaking a useless task who seeks to enforce a law, unless he is qualified to interpret that law and possesses the power to decide upon the nature and extent of the crime; and has also the right to decide the full pen-alty for each violation. This would be to make man supreme in all matters religious as well as civil. Such was the work undertaken by the church and state com-bined in the fourth century, the evil results of which may be seen by all who will carefully consider the record of its doings. Compulsion is foreign to the nature and precepts of Christ; nor is it natural to those who are partakers of the divine nature. To all, then, who desire to work for Christ, we would suggest this scripture as a motto, "Let the wicked for-sake his way." Do not seek to compel him, for it is pos-sible that that is wrong which we seek to enforce. This is certainly the case in the enforcement of the first day of the week as the Sabbath. God's word nowhere enjoins it; and even if it did, it would not be according to the gospel to compel any one to obey. The wrong becomes twofold when those professing to work for Christ employ false methods to support that which in itself is wrong. 0 how much better it would be to work upon the principle of the following scriptural injunctions: "Choose ye this day whom ye will serve." "Come unto me all ye that labor, and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest." "And whosoever will, let him take of the water of life freely." "He that hath an ear, let him hear what the spirit saith." "Is any sick among you ? let him call for the elders of the church." The gospel is an invitation, and "by many infallible proofs" has God given us evidence of his love. From the foregoing considerations it will be seen that if man has the right, and it is incumbent upon him, to enforce one's religious duty, then he has the same right, and it is equally binding upon him, to compel obedience to all other requirements of the same nature. But this would be to make man supremeŠto put him in the place of God. It would be infinitely better, and more successful for us, if, with hearts quickened by the presence of the love of God, we would say to the wrong-doer, "Let the wicked forsake his way, and the unrighteous man his thoughts: and let him return unto the Lord, and he will have mercy upon him; and to our God, for he will a bundantly pardon." New Orleans, La. No more beautiful tribute could be paid to the mem-ory of a man than this one which, among others, was fittingly sent to the relatives of the late Hon. Neal Dow, on the occasion of his decease,Š"He left the land he loved more safe for every little child." 