138 THE AMERIcAN SENTINEL. men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator,  with certain unalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. That to secure these rights, govern-ments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed ; that whenever any form of government becomes destruc-tive of these ends, it is the right of the people to alter or abolish it, and to institute a new govern-ment, laying its foundations on such principles, and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their safety and happiness. This presupposes that men are M011 in-deed, and as such are fully capable of tak-ing care of themselve; and that instead of needing to be taken care of by the Government, the Government is to be taken care of by them. It presupposes that the people are capable of deciding for themselves as to what is best for their happiness and how they shall pursue it, without the Government's being set up as their guardian to tell them when or how they shall rest, or be religious, or anything else that may pertain to their personal affairs. This statement clearly shows also, that the Government is but a piece of political machinery, which is created by the people to secure their rights and to assure their safety in the exercise of their rights. This is the doctrine of the national. Con-stitution also, for says the preamble :Š We the people of the United States, in order to form a more perfect union to establish justice, insure domestic tranquility, provide for the common de-fense, promote the general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America. And Article IX, of Amendments says :Š The enumeration in the Constitution of certain rights shall not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people. And Article X, of Amendments says :Š The powers not delegated to the United States by this Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people. Thus, is clearly announced by both the Declaration and the Constitution, the doc-trine, that the people are supreme, as the source of power and authority; that the Government is but a piece of political machinery set up by the people, by which they would make themselves secure in the enjoyment of the inalienable rights already possessed by them in full measure; and that whenever this piece of machinery fails to accomplish the purpose for which the people made it, it is their "right" to smash it and make another one. Noth-ing could more plainly show the utter subordination and impersonality of the Government, than do these statements of the Declaration and the Constitution. Then, these are the American principles, the fundamental American principles, of Government. This, as long as it shall continue, is genuine civil freedom and the conservation of the rights of the people. Thus and for this reason was this estab-lished, " a Government of the people, by the people, and for the people." Any doctrine, therefore, that tends to set the Government above the people, to make it the parent of the people, or to give it a personality, is directly contrary to Amer-ican principles as announced in the Declar-ation and in the Constitution; is subver-sive of Republican government; and is a step toward monarchism. In short it is to renounce the principle of freedom and to advocate that of despotism. This is precisely what is done in the movement referred to at the beginning of this article, and in a still more dangerous place which we shall notice in our next. Let the reader preserve this copy of THE SENTINEL lentil he receives one of the next number. A. T. J. NOTE.ŠBy a legal fiction Government is given a kind of personality for legal purposes; but such personality only exists in the legal fiction and is the same as that of a steamboat, or joint stock company. On Moral Legislation. THE ex-editor of Freethought doesn't like our criticism of his statement that " if religion is a good and beneficent thing, the more places it can be found the better," and " that only people who know that Christianity is a fraud can have sufficient excuse for objecting to its enforcement so long as they advocate the enforcement of anything;" and not only does he not like it but says we are " guilty of untruth." It is sad that he has so poor a memory as to enter such a denial, for his words were certainly quoted just as they appeared in Freethought the last week he presided over its destinies. But hear him in his.  own behalf ; he says :Š Something more than a month ago, in discussing religious exercises in public institutions, I submitted the following:Š " If religion is a good and beneficent thing, the more places it can be found the better." The drift of my remarks was that religion is a fraud, and ought not to be found anywhere, but the editor of THE AMERICAN SENTINEL makes me say :Š " If religion is a good thing it ought to be en-forced." I do -not understand how any argument against what I did not say can possibly apply to what I actually did say. The editor is replying to his own statementŠnot to mineŠwhich is why I remark that he is having a discussion with himself. I did not say that any opinion, belief, disbelief, or prac-tice ought to be enforced. I have not, therefore, admitted, as the editor says I have, that did I believe in religion I would be in favor of enforcing it; and I respectfully call his attention to the fact that he is guilty of untruth. The words that he says we put in his mouth were simply the gist of what he did actually say, and it was plainly stated so. Our statement was that in substance he said, " If religion be a good thing it ought to be enforced." And we would like to see anybody show that this is not the substance of what he said. But the ex-editor denies our conclusion, viz., that had he the power he would enforce infi-delity, to the extent of putting it wherever the State has power to put it, and we are willing to believe that he would not, now  that he says so plainly. But he should be more careful in his words, and withal more consistent; and above all things he ought, if possible, to make up his mind what he believes, and then when he writes be sure that his words properly express his belief ; which they certainly did not do in Freethought of March 7, if they do in the same paper of April 11. But the ex-editor does not relish this phase of the question, and remarks that we need not discuss it further; but adds: " I would be glad to hear what he [the editor Of THE SENTINEL] has to say as to the charge that, in favoring moral legis-lation he is just as great a religious bigot as I should be had he told the truth about me." To this we reply that the ex-editor should have said, as great a religious bigot as he would be had his words which we quoted, properly represented his senti-ments; for we must certainly disavow any responsibility such as he attributes to us in this matter. Further we would say, and the ex-editor should certainly understand this, that we do not, and never have, favored moral legislation. We have earnestly opposed all legislation that is not justifiable on purely civil grounds. We have been specially guarded in this particular, and no one can point to anything that we have ever written that is in the least out of harmony with this statement. We have constantly maintained that the State has no right to deal with moral questions, and that it can prohibit, only for civil reasons, those things which are uncivil; that is, such acts as trench upon the rights of others. Not only so, but we have been criticised from time to time by the religious press for taking this position, and now this gentleman, who is evidently guilty of writing with only limited knowledge of his subject, accuses us of doing just the opposite. The ex-editor says that the claim is made that morals and religion are differ-ent; yes, so it is; but we have not made such a claim. In fact our contention has been that while not identical in every respect, morals and religion are so closely related that it is impossible to distinguish clearly between them, and that for this reason the State should let moral questions alone just as it is supposed to let religious questions alone, and for the same reason, viz., that such questions belong to the domain of the conscience. But the gentleman asks, " If the State may legislate on temperance, education, and morals, why not on belief ?" We give it up. If the State may properly legislate on morals we do not see how any body could draw the line and say that it should not legislate upon belief. How-ever, we think there is a difference be-tween moral legislation and legislating upon temperance and education, that is, if by temperance legislation is meant the 