114 .4.1%10Ertl CAINT SIE.11NT VoL. 11, No. 15. placed under arrest and consigned to the judicial au-thorities, incurring a penalty of not less than two nor more than six months in prison. Neither the ministers of any religious faith nor in-dividuals of either sex who profess such faith, shall wear, outside of their places of worship, a dress or uniform peculiar to such faith to distinguish them, on penalty of a government fine of not less than $10 nor more than $200. ART. VI. The use of bells shall be strictly limited to calling the peopld to religious worship. The legit-imate use of church bells may be prescribed by police regulation in such a manner that the public may not be disturbed thereby. ART. VII. (Relates to reporting churches and having them entered upon the public register as houses devoted to public worship and nothing more.) ART. VIII. All wills and legacies made in favor of ministers of religion or of their relatives to the fourth civil grade, or of persons who dwell with such minis-ters, shall be null and void when such minister may have lent any kind of spiritual aid to the testator dur-ing the sickness of which he died, or may have been his confessor. ART. IX. Wills and legacies are equally null and void, which, although made in favor of competent persons, may be fraudulent before the law, or an in-fringement of Art. XV., part III. (ART. XV., part III. The right to receive alms or gifts shall never be interpreted to include real es-tate, mortgages on real estate, nor promises or obli-gations to be fulfilled in the future, be it in form of legacy, donation, gift, or whatsoever other class of obligations of that nature ; all shall be null and in-effective.) ART. X. Ministers of religion shall not, by reason of their office, enjoy any special privileges before the law over other citizens, nor shall they be subject to other prohibitions than those imposed on other cit-izens, nor shall they be subject to other prohibitions than those which this law and the constitution des-ignate. ART. XI. Discourses delivered by any minister of religion counseling disobedience to, or provoking any crime or violation of the laws, shall constitute such meeting illegal, and it shall cease to enjoy the guarantees given in Art. IX. of the constitution, and it may be dissolved by the civil authorities. The author of such discourse shall remain subject, in such case, to the provisions of Art. VI. of chapter VIII. of the third book of the Penal Code which is declared in force, in such cases, throughout the republic. Any minister of religion who may suggest or instigate crimes under this article shall be held as the principal author of such crimes. ART. XII. All meetings in the churches shall be public and subject to the surveillance of the police, and the civil authorities may interfere when the cir-cumstances demand it. ART. XIII. Religious institutions shall be free to form ecclesiastical organizations as they may choose; but such organizations shall have no other legal au-thority than that of designating the officers of such organizations in the locality where they reside that they may receive the benefits of Art. XV. No min-ister of religion can, by reason of his office, address himself in his official character to the civil authori-ties. He shall do so in the form and according to the regulations imposed on any citizen who exercises the right of petition. As may be supposed, the Papacy did not tamely submit to this curtailment of her power and authority. When the Liberal Con-stitution and " laws of reform" were put in operation by the government, the clerical party rebelled and set up an opposition gov-ernment, whose object was the attainment of the following points:- 1. The inviolability of all church property and church revenues and the rebstablishment of former ex-actions. 2. The refistablishment of the fueros, or special rights of the church and of the army. (Under these fueros the military and clergy were responsible only to their own tribunals, and not to the law of the land.) 3. The restoration of the Roman Catholic religion as the sole and exclusive religion of Mexico. 4. The censorship of the press. 5. The exclusive system with regard to foreign immigration, confining it solely to immigrants from Catholic countries. 6. The overthrow of the constitution of 1857 and the establishment of an irresponsible central dictator-ship, subservient solely to the Church. 7. If possible the restoration of a monarchy in Mexico, or the establishment of a European protec-torate. This was called the Plan of Tacubaya and  was proclaimed by Zuloaga. When the legit-imate government under President Juarez got the ascendancy over this body of revolution-ists and they saw they could not succeed, the Clerical party entered into a conspiracy with Napoleon III. of France, and Maximilian of Austria was invited to come to Mexico as em-peror. Maximilian accepted; he first went to Rome and received the Pope's blessing and the assurance that heaven would smile on his un-dertaking, and then came to Mexico and was proclaimed emperor. Assisted by the French soldiers he at first made some headway; but when in 1867, the French forces had to with-draw at the demand of the United States Government, Maximilian's cause soon became demoralized and he and his two leading gen-erals were taken prisoners, tried by a court martial and executed in Quereterro. The constitution and " laws of reform" were then carried into effect. All property held by the Church, except the houses ac-tually used for worship, was confiscated and sold, or turned into public uses for post-offices, school houses, barracks, museums, public libraries, etc. As noticed recently in these columns, the property thus confiscated amounted in cash to the vast sum of $300,000,000, and the income derived from it was more than the entire rev-enue of the Mexican Government. And this vast property was, of course, untaxed. Evils of Untaxed Church Property. Under these circumstances, such a step on the part of the Mexican Government appears as a plain necessity of the situation. But it should be equally plain that the evil is, in principle, the same ender any system which exempts church property from taxation. Such property is bound to accumulate, and with this exemption in force, it is only a question of time when the government will be forced to take some measures to free itself from an insupportable incubus, or to guard against the dangerous use of the vast power thus placed in the Church's hands. The ex-ample of Mexico, as also that of France and other countries, shows that the danger is not imaginary. Under a liberal government, the Mexican Republic found in the Church its most formidable antagonist; and while ex-pressing no dissent from her spiritual claims, the government saw in the curtailment of her temporal power a measure demanded by the instinct of self-preservation. All history warns against the acquisition by the Church of temporal power. All Scripture forbids its use. The Church's legitimate power is spiritual; it is the power of God, and of Him who said to his followers on the day of His ascension, " Lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world." Matt. 28: 20. It is, of course, only the Church which covets temporal power that can become, dan-gerous to the interests of good government; and any church which does seek for such power, whether Protestant or Catholic in name, shows thereby that she has lost her divine power, has separated from her living Head, and is no longer the true Church which is the body of Christ. And from a church thus separated from Christ, nothing but evil can be expected. Untaxed Church Property in the United States. The untaxed church property in the United States to-day amounts in value to nearly $700,000,000,Šmore than twice that in Mex-ico when confiscation became a necessary pro-ceeding. There are no grounds in reason or justice upon which this property should be exempt from taxation. The principle that  the State should look with favor upon an in-stitution which tends to promote the integrity of its subjects, will not hold as regards the Church; for, as we have seen, and as all his-tory attests, the Church apostatized from Christ, as the church of wealth and numbers is prone to be, is the most formidable enemy of the State's prosperity; and the State can-not, of course, undertake to distinguish be-tween the different religious bodies claiming to be the Church of Christ. Nor has the State any right in justice to exempt church property; for the burden of taxation thus shifted from the Church, must be laid upon the shoulders of the people, in addition to that which they would be justly obliged to bear, and thus they are taxed, indirectly but no less really, for the support of the churches. But compulsory support of the Church is not a principle of good government, nor is it in harmony with the will of God. It is a prin-ciple pertaining to a union of Church and State. The Liberal Constitution. The Liberal Constitution of Mexico, adopted in 1857, has been freely amended since that date, the change made being in pursuance of the liberal policy of government upon which the republic has happily set out. As touch-iiag the attitude of the State to the Church, the amendments made are as follows :Š ART. I. The State and the Church are independent of each other. Congress shall not make any laws es-tablishing or prohibiting any religion. ART. III. No religious institution shall acquire real estate or mortgages on the same except as provided in Art. 27 of the constitution. (ART. 27 of constitution: No corporation, civil or ecclesiastical, whatsoever may be its character, name, or object, shall have legal power to acquire right in property or to control real estate with the exception of the buildings designed immediately and directly for the uses or purposes of the institution.) ART. IV. The simple promise to tell the truth and to fulfill the obligations imposed shall take the place of the religious oath with all its pains and penalties.  ART. V. No one shall be obliged to labor without just remuneration and his full consent. The State will not permit any contract, covenant, or agreement to be carried into effect which has for its object the diminution, loss, or irrevocable sacrifice of personal liberty, whether it be on account of labor, education, or religious vow. The law, therefore, does not rec-ognize monastic orders, neither can it permit their establishment whatever may be the name or object with which they pretend to be erected. Neither can it admit a contract in which a man may agree to pro-scription or banishment. Thus far has Mexico proceeded toward the realization of that ideal system of government under which liberty and equality are secured within the limits of human power, to every citizen. It may well be true that not only the country of which Lincoln spoke in his Gettysburg address, but this entire western hemisphere, has been in the divine purpose dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal; that here the despotisms which had enslaved the world for ages were to be broken, here should be a refuge for the op-pressed of other lands, here the banner of lib-erty be upreared for the encouragement and enlightenment of mankind. But the fore-most and greatest of the powers of this hem-isphere is proving recreant to her sacred trust, so that her territory has become in many places the scene of religious persecution. Her pernicious example cannot but react most disastrously upon the progress of liberty throughout the world. But the Author of liberty is about to appear the second time, coming in all the glory of his Father, and with all his angels, as King of kings and Lord of lords, to sweep the world of its wick-edness, and establish eternal righteousness and peace. In this lies the hope of tb,Overs of liberty and justice for mankind. 