 "IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT:Ł FOR / CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAVE THE WORLD."  Vol. 11, No. 43. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 29, 1896. Entered at the N. Y. Post-Office.   CCmerican Sentinel, Published Weekly in Defense of Religious Liberty. reŠFor Further Particulars and Terms see Last Page. EDITOR, - -ASST. EDITOR,  C. P. BOLLMAN. L. A. SMITH.  DANIEL'S CITIZENSHIP. A CORRESPONDENT, who takes the position that the Christian whose citizenship is de-clared to be in heaven should have nothing to do with the affairs of earthly governments, questions whether Daniel was in any proper sense a citizen of the kingdom of Babylon; and thinks that his (Daniel's) position was not at all parallel with the servant of God Š`under the Government of the `United States. He takes the view that Daniel was a slave, and always remained such, and that his acts were only in obedience to the commands of his master, the king. It is indeed true that Daniel's citizenship was not entirely parallel with that of an American citizen. In Babylon all power was vested in the king and individual citizens shared in its exercise only at the royal pleas-ure. In the United States all power is vested in the people, and each individual shares in its exercise by legal right. We cannot, how-ever, grant that Daniel was in any proper sense a slave after he first assumed public office, or that he stood in any different rela-tion to the king than did other officials and wise men of the kingdom. In a sense all subjects of an absolute mon-archy are slaves. They are regarded as the property of the king. He has a right to do,  with them as he will. He may take their lives or their property. He may reduce them to abject slavery, or he may make them mem-bers of his court and place them in posi-tions of responsibility. This is true even in a republic, but only in a very limited sense. All governments assume the right to take the lives or the property of their subjects under certain circumstances. Even our own Gov-ernment has in time of war drafted men rand compelled them to serve in the army; and when men so compelled to serve lost their lives, the Government held itself under no greater obligation in their cases than in the cases of men who voluntarily entered the service. But the particular relation in which Daniel stood to the king of Babylon does not enter into the question at all. The fact remains that he participated in the affairs of govern-ment and exercised civil authority. And not only so, but at his request the king set his three friends, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abed-nego over the affairs of the province of Bab-ylon. Now if it is contended that it is wrong per se for the servant of God to have anything to do with the affairs of government, the command of the king could not make it right. When Shadrach, Meshach, and Abed-nego were commanded to fall down and worship the golden image, they refused. When Dan-iel was forbidden to pray to God, he disobeyed the royal mandate. But we have reason to believe from the record that so far was he from disobeying when the king required him to exercise civil authority that he was pleased to do it; and we know that he desired that his companions should share the honor and responsibility with him. There is so much of selfishness and of cor-ruption in public life that it' is rarely the case that a man who would maintain spotless integrity could secure any position of trust, because to obtain office in these days a man must generally mortgage himself to his friends and supporters. But we cannot see that it is wrong in itself for any man to exercise the rights of an American citizen; and every man should act just as conscientiously in this as in any other matter. He should be just as conscientious in public business as in private business; just as careful in helping to select a public servant as he would be in selecting some one to attend to his own business. It does not follow, however, that a Christian could not vote for a man who is not a Chris-tian, any more than it follows that i man who is a Christian could not employ one to work for him who is not a Christian. When a Christian is about to employ a man to work for him he seeks a man, of course, who will conduct himself civilly, but he does not require that his employs shall be of the same faith as himself; he simply re-quires that he shall be competent to perform the duties he requires of him, and that he be possessed of ordinary business integrity. This is all that can reasonably be required of public servants. They should be men who  will conduct themselves civilly, and who are known in the community as men who are competent and honest. Again, the Christian has no right to use his citizenship or his influence as a member of the body politic to coerce others in matters of faith and morals. To do so is to erect a claim to infallibility. He desires for himself freedom in matters of conscience, not simply freedom to believe as he sees fit, but freedom to act in harmony with that belief; he must as an honest man and a Christian concede the same right to every other individual in the world. He cannot, therefore, use civil power in any way to trench upon the equal rights of his fellowmen; and this is where it seems to us the line should be drawn. It is not necessary, nor even wise, that Christians should disfranchise themselves, or that they should refuse to accept the benefits which civil government has to confer upon. all; but that they should the rather insist upon a clear distinction between things civil and things re-ligious; and they should exert their influence as citizens to keep Church and State separate, not depending, however, upon political meth-ods, but rather upon the inculcation of cor-rect views of citizenship and of the mutual duties which social beings owe to each other. IS THE SABBATH IMPORTANT ? To this question the voice of orthodoxy in this country answers, Yes. And it speaks in a very positive and emphatic tone. For ex- ample, an address on Sabbath observance, by the Rev. Alexander Allison, D. D., published in the Christian Endeavorer, for August 1896, makes this statement:Š The home mission problem in all the denominations will be largely solved so soon as Sabbath laws are en-forced. The Sabbath question is fundamental. It underlies everything. If the Sabbath goes, so does the church, the Bible, and the family. Who will dare to go to church or read the Bible if the Sabbath becomes a dead letter ? This is spoken from the standpoint of the Sabbath as a day to be enforced by human law. From this standpoint many like utter-ances have been made by religious teachers. There is practical unanimity in the sentiment that Sabbath observance is a matter vastly too important to be left unregulated by legisla-tion. We are told that- our "sabbath laws" 