THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 283 justice, become its most effective instru-ment. The proneness of men who have poWer, is, to abuse it, by making it the instrument of their own aggrandizement, even though their elevation cost the 'downfall of others. It would not, there-fore, be safe to place in the hands of any set of men, the power to prescribe positive duties for their fellow-citizens, either social or religious. It may be said that some, in a certain community, are ignorant in certain lines of thought and need enlightenment; shall we not therefore have a law to oblige them to be informed ? But, if a govern-ment were permitted to so far assume paternal care over its subjects, why might it not go further at will ? In the lan-guage of another, " Why should it not take away the child from its mother, select the nurse, prescribe what ballads shall be sung, what tunes shall be played, what books shall be read, what physic shall be swallowed. ? Why should they not choose our wives, limit our expenses, and stint us to a certain number of dishes of meat, and of cups of tea ?" If government can take the first step in paternal legislation, there is no reason why it may not go the whole journey, and regulate all the affairs of life, in spiritual as well as in temporal things. But, in that case what creden-tials would the legislators exhibit, to show that Heaven had endowed them with in- Ł telligence and virtue above those whom they assumed coercively to teach ? How would such men satisfy the unbelieving, that they were Heaven's appointed shep-herds ? Such an attempt could only lead to hypocrisy, discord, and social disorgan- izatiOn. There are, in fact, but two ways in which Government can possibly effect its ends. These are, reward and punishment. And while these are powerful in influen-cing men, their effect is not to make men better, because they do not touch the heart. This point is so well set forth by Mr. Macaulay, that we here give his words :Š A public functionary who is told that he will be promoted ;if he is a devout Catholic, and turned out of his plaCe if he is not, will probably go to Mass every morning, exclude meat from his table on Fridays, shrive himself regularly, and perhaps let his superiors know that he wears a hair shirt next his skin. Under a Puritan government, a person who is apprised that piety is essential to thriving in the world, will be strict in the observance of Sun-day, or as he will call it, Sabbath, and will ‚avoid a theater as— if it were plague-stricken. Such a show of religion as this, the hope of gain and the fear of loss will produce at a week's notice, in any abundance which a government may require. But under this show, sensuality, ambition, avarice, and hatred retain unimpaired power, and the seeming convert has only added to the vices of a man of the world all the still darker vices which are engen-dered by the constant practice of dissimulation. The truth cannot be long concealed. The public discovers that the grave persons who are proposed to it as patterns, are more utterly destitute of moral, principle and of moral sensibility, than avowed libertines. It sees that these Pharisees are further removed from real goodness than publicans and -harlots. And, as usual, it rushes  to the extreme opposite of that which it quits. It considers a high religious profession as a mark of meanness and depravity. On the very first day on which the restraint of fear is to be taken away, and on which men can venture to say what they think, a frightful peal of blasphemy and ribaldry pro-claims that the short-sighted policy which aimed at making a nation of saints, has made a nation of scoffers.ŠEssays, Leigh Hunt, Par. 19. The foregoing statement, by Mr. Mac-aulay, may easily be confirmed. Look at France, during the closing days of Louis XIV. When the king became religious, he frowned on all who neglected church duties, and rewarded the pious with blue ribbons and pensions. Soon, the city of Versailles became as solemn as a convent; the marshals of the army were observed to be frequently at prayer; it became fashionable for even the great and wealthy to carry prayer-books in their pockets, and to fast during Lent. This lasted no longer, however, than the life of the king. As soon as he was dead, every one has-tened to break away from such rigid lines, and to plunge to excess in licentiousness. Those, who, " a short time before, went about looking so demure, consulting the priests about the state of their souls, were now found at the midnight gaming-table, hiccoughing out atheistical argu-ments and obscene jests." Indeed it is said that the most dissolute of men of an earlier reign, would have blushed at the orgies that accompanied the reaction. It was the same in England, during the days of the Puritan ascendency. No person suspected of hostility to the church could obtain favor with the gov-ernment; the theaters were closed; the fine arts were restrained, and Parliament solemnly resolved that, " no person shall be employed but such as the House shall be satisfied of his real godliness." As the result, men dressed in plain garb, wore lank hair and coarse shirts, talked through their noses and showed the whites of their eyes. When a counter-political move-ment came, a time of wild and desperate dissoluteness followed, and the amount of debauchery seen was appalling. In no case would like efforts result in anything else. Any government which attempts things beyond its reach, will not only make a failure, but produce the very opposite of that which it desires. To encourage true religion, more is re-quired than temporary reward and pun-ishment, since, as has already been shown, these can have only an outward effect. True, laws may be framed, which will punish for the practice of, or the refusal to comply with, certain forms of religion; but these laws cannot reach the seat of religion, which they should do to have the proper effect. Religion occupies a realm which it is impossible for the State to enter, or for human laws to reach. A parent, even with all the authority God has given him over his child, cannot make him religious by commanding him to be so. Whoever worships God, does so  under the guidance of his own reason and conscience, and not by the authority of another's will. Religion, then, being a matter of private concern, something between the soul and its God, a civil government organized solely for the public good, cannot extend its agency to the administration or regu-lation of religion, without usurping God's prerogative, and trampling on man's rights at the same time. No human authority can divorce a soul from his obligations to the law of Jehovah, nor properly coerce one into piety, since his reason and conscience are peculiarly his own, and must remain so, as long as he lives. Man's obligations, therefore, which bind him to God, make him free in this respect, from human authority. Yet religious freedom is not freedom from all human authority, but freedom to follow the dictates of conscience without hin-drance. This does not suppose that any one may be privileged to carry out selfish desires under the garb of religion, when such a course would be a trespass upon the civil liberties of others. But, so long as the exercise of his religion does not trespass on the civil rights of others, the civil government cannot, in justice, interfere with his religious liberty. J. 0. CORLISS. A Representative National Reformer Defines His Position. WE are in receipt of the following note from Oakland, California, under date of August 6 :Š EDITOR AMERICAN SENTINEL, Dear Sir: I see you, have copied the Signs of the Times criticism of my' article, or letter, anent the action of the California Prohibition Convention in reference to the Sabbath, or Sunday law. I have this day written for the Signs of the Times a reply, or defense of myself. If it should appear in the Signs, as I hope it will next week, I ask that you copy it in THE AMERICAN SEN-TINEL that your readers may have both sides. Yours respectfully, N. R. JOHNSTON. We cheerfully comply with Mr. John-ston's request to publish his " defense," which we give as follows, just as it ap-peared in our Oakland contemporary :Š EDITOR SIGNS Or THE TIMES: As copied in. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL of July 31, I have this day read your criticism of my letter in the Christian States-man, of May 15. Will you admit a few lines in my own defense ? For I think you misunderstand me. I am sure your readers will if they do 'not read my letter in the Statesman. 1. I do not believe in a " civil Sabbath " in the sense in which you use the words. I never have said that a " civil Sabbath " is all that I favor. I differ entirely from the majority of the California people, who ask a Sunday law merely as a police or sanitary regulation. From the first of Rev. Mr. Crafts's coming here, and all the time, I have most decidedly objected to his theory of a " civil Sun-day." In the Christian Statesman I wrote against it; and it was because of my objection to the "civil Sunday " that I wrote what I did about the action of the State Prohibition Convention. I totally re-ject the secular theory of government and of educa-tion alike. Others wish only a " civil Sunday ; " wish " the Sabbath of the Lord," our God the Institu-tor of it. 2. The only authority we have for the observance of a SabbathŠthe only power that has any right to require a seventh portion of time to be observed as sacred to rest and to worship, whether it be a seventh-day or a first-day SabbathŠis the divine 