480 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Double Sight in a Chicken Yard. BY FANNIE BOLTON. WELL, Hanner, I've been in the chicken yard, A seein' some double sights. It's putty middlin kinder hard For the weak ones to get their rights. Old chanticleer of the blooded stock Showed nary a courteous feather. He scratched for himself, and not for the flock, And the strong ones huddled together. The weak and the old and the little blows Were kicked and pecked and scattered. If I hadn't a owned them all, I s'pose I wouldn't a thought it mattered. But suddenly I felt full of wrath, And I made it understood; Fur I cleared them big fellers out of the path, And gave all the other ones food. I took a rake from the top of the fence, And kept 'em all at a distance, And gave 'em a chance to have a sense Of a stronger one's resistance. I gave 'em a lecture on chickens' rights, And the danger in greed and rulin' And Hanner I saw some double sights That was most as good as a skewlin'. Fur it 'peared the world was a chicken yard, And the weak gave way to the stronger; But a Watcher saw how his plan was marred, And waited a little longer. And it 'peared I heard a whispered sound, And saw a double sight; Fur I heerd that the Owner of men all round, Will suddenly set things right. Studies in French History.-32. "WELL, what had I promised you to-day?" asked Professor Carman, taking his place at his desk. "You were going to tell us something about Charles the Bold, duke of Burgundy, I believe," said Milly Brown. "Yes; it seems that he must have been a very fiery-tempered, hot-headed fellow, or he never would have at-tempted to carry out so many warlike schemes." "I presume he was a little vain of his good looks and fine proportion. Don't you think that helped to make him ambitious for a higher place of honor?" asked Julia March. "Perhaps so; pride and ambition go hand in hand almost always. But at last he made up his mind to let Louis XI. alone; so he turned his quarrelsome eyes over to Switzerland." "What! did he pick a quarrel with those honest Swiss people just for the fun of quarreling?" asked Will Pal-meter. "No, not just for that, I suppose; but he was ambi-tious and he wanted fame as well as riches,Šand he got it,Šbut hot the fame of a proud victor. The Swiss fought for their honor and their country, and they were victorious. Charles was driven back at the famous bat-tle of Granson, at which place he lost not only many men, but a vast amount of wealth." "Why, I can't see what he wanted to take much wealth with him for, if he was going to fight. What good did he think that would do him?" asked practical Jack Smith. "He wanted to impress the poor peasants with his grandeur; so he took large quantities of solid silver plate with him, besides a very valuable crown, which was com-pletely covered with precious gems." "0, the foolish man!" said Florence Ray. "Just im-agine George Washington loading down his boat with gold and silver when he crossed the Delaware and took so many Hessian prisoners!" "Or imagine Dewey attacking the Spaniards at the Philippines with his big ships full of gold and silver, and crowns and pretty things, instead of cannon!" exclaimed Rob Billings. "Yes; and I have not yet told you of the most fool-ish, senseless part of his cargo;Šjust think of it! He took with him to the bloody fields of battle a great ar-ray of costly cloth,Špieces of luxurious velvets, an,d hun-dreds of yards of elegant silks, besides yards and yards of cloth of gold, which together formed an array of mag-nificence and luxury almost priceless." "Why!" exclaimed Joe Palmeter. "It was in pretty nearly as bad taste as it was for those kings of France who went to fight the crusades to drag along with them a lot of feeble women and crying children." "Surely; you are right. Who can give me the name of any French king who did that thing?" asked Profes-sor Carman. "I think Louis VI. is one of the first who allowed women to go _to war," timidly suggested Milly Brown. "Father was speaking of it this morning." "Yes; this was in the twelfth century. "Charles the Bold was not very sensible, you see, or he would have known better than to trust such valua-bles so far away from home. Nowadays if a fine lady wears a quantity of diamonds to a grand party, she hires a detective to keep watch near her all the time, but although Charles was just as foolish he was not as wise 