,110,1,Agepplipril gotP 304 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. VOL. 6, No. 38. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 24, 1891. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have so fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. No Sentinel Next Week 1 IN order to give those employed on THE AMERICAN SENTINEL an opportunity to attend an important camp-meeting, at Mount Holly, New Jersey, September 24 to October 4, there will be no paper issued from this office next week. Number 39 of THE SENTINEL will therefore be issued October 8, instead of October 1. Our sub-scribers will lose nothing by this omission, as there will still remain thirteen publica-tion days in which to issue the twelve papers necessary to complete the volume of fifty numbers.  Ł-Ł  THE Christian at Work, of September 10, in an article on " The Roman Catholic Church in the United States," thus de-clares for complete secularism : "The utter separation of Church and State, and the complete freedom of the people from tax-ation to propagate sectarianism in any form, is become a necessity." THE Post-master at Oakland, California, has decided to open the post-office from 10 to 11 A. M., instead of from 12 M. to 1 P. M., as formerly, much to the disgust of the church-goers who say that they want to get their mail after attending meeting and not before. The Tribune of that city proposes that the office be closed all day Sunday. The Sunday people have not been heard from on this proposition. THE following dispatch, received the other day in Chicago presents a new phase of the Sunday-closing question :Š Weatherford, Texas, September 9. ŠBoard of Control Columbian Exposition : One hundred thousand Texans protest against the Sunday clos-ing of the World's Fair. The day of fanaticism is past. NORTHWEST TEXAS FAIR ASSOCIATION. " This," remarks the Chicago Journal " will probably prove a starter for hun-dreds of such protests. So far but one side of the question has been heard, the advocates against the opening. Now the other side has its inning." " WORKMEN,"  says the Sun, of the 15th inst., " are laying the foundation of the Grant monument, at Riverside Park. Work goes on day and night and on Sun-day." Why does the Mail and Vxpress, which has long stood as sponsor for the  monument enterprise, not cry out against this " desecration of Sunday " ? Is it pos-sible that those in charge of the work took a mean advantage of Colonel Shep-ard's absence in Chicago, to get in their Sunday work in Riverside Park ? Evi-dently New York and Chicago are too far apart, even in these days of rapid transit, for one man to manage two such impor-tant enterprises as the World's Fair and the Grant monument. A RECENT count made in Boston by a religious journal revealed the fact that " the morning and afternoon attendance at 102 churches was only 71,069, while nearly 400,000 took trains or boats out of town, or rode in the horse cars, on recreation bent." Noting this fact in its relation to the demand for the closing of the Chicago Fair, a New York daily asks : " Are not the convictions and the wishes of the great majority of the people entitled to consideration in this democratic country ?" THE Era, of Bradford, Pennsylvania, remarks, that " Mr. Crafts's idea is that men who can rest on the Sabbath and won't, must be made to. That idea seems to have been uppermost, in the minds of the Legislature which framed the law of 1794. But, in the march upward and on-ward since that date, that law has been so completely forgotten that it was in dan-ger of utter oblivion until Crafts and his followers brought it once more to the light of day. Luckily we are not going back-ward in the direction of 1794, but are headed forward toward the twentieth cent-ury." THE Rev. Henry Blanchard, one of the most prominent ministers of Portland, Maine, refuses to sign a petition against Sunday concerts, and says that he is will-ing to have the experiment tried, and then judge the result. Of the argument made by those who oppose the concerts, he says : I can not agree with these brethren in their view of the Sunday. I regard it as a day of worship and rational recreation. I have advocated the use of music in public parks under wise control. Upon this an evening paper, of this city, says:Š It will be remembered that many leading minis-ters of this city advocated the opening of the Metropolitan Museum on Sunday, and a similar division of sentiment among the clergy is percept-ible throughout the country. THE Independent, of this city, is not at all confident that the World's Fair will be closed on Sunday. Of the recent hear-ing granted to representatives of the American Sabbath Union and other bod-ies, by the World's Fair Commission, concerning the question of Sunday clos-ing, the Independent says:Š It does not indicate what the probable outcome will be. . . . We wish that we could believe with Colonel Shepard that the matter is practically  settled, and that it is "almost certain that the gates of the Exposition will be closed on Sunday." The Independent further remarks that "so much is involved in the right decision of this question that every possible argu-ment and influence should be used to secure it." The threatened Christian (?) boycott is one of the "possible argu-ments," and there are some possible " in-fluences " that are not generally consid-ered legitimate. Is there so much involved that these "arguments" and "influences" should be used ? Does the Independent really mean " every possible argument and influence " ? If our contemporary means this, and the end would really justify the means, it should at once call upon the Mail and Express to open a subscription list to a gigantic corruption fund in the interest of Sunday closing. Ł THE Albion, Nebraska, News thinks that any effort to make political capital out of a candidate's religion is un-Amer- ican. Of a certain candidate for a local office, it says :Š The News has always been a strong advocate of the entire separation of Church and State, and the present attempt to catch votes for Mr. Pelly on account of his religion, instead of his qualifications for the office, should be rebuked, and we believe it will be. The fact that Mr. Polly may be a Cath-olic or a Presbyterian cuts no figure whatever. The free American air is not conducive to religious persecution. The News is quite right as to the prin-ciple. The fact, however, is that relig-ious bigotry is pretty active in this coun-try, and were it not for liberal laws and constitutional guarantees, it would be seen that the "free air" we are wont to boast of, has somehow or other acquired a taint of intolerance that bodes evil for the "good time coming," which looms up in the vision of National Reformers and American Sabbath Unionists. " IT is high time to sound the alarm, when a comparatively small, but influen-tial and well-organized body of ambi-tious and unrestful Protestants, backed by the Jesuits of the Catholic hierarchy, boldly and openly seek to change the char-acter, if not the form, of our Government, from a purely secular to an ecclesiastical or priestly rule, which experience has proved to be, of all forms of government, the most tyrannical, the most cruel, and the most oppressive." THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending  toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact SI ngle Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1 00 In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, 5s. Address AMERICAN SENTINEL, 11021d Street, Now York. 