n...Ła.c,  Equal and &xact Jubtireto all Men, of Whatever state or Veruaipn, religious or 'Political.ŠThomas Jefferson. VOLUME 7. NEW YORK, JANUARY 28, 1892. NUMBER 4. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 Bonn ST., NEw YORK. Ł Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES, ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. McKEE. THE State knows no such thing as a real distinction between right and wrong. The State only knows rights and wrongs, and the distinction between these. Men have rightsŠin the State they have equal rights. For one to infringe the rights of another is to commit a wrong, and the State deals with it only as this kind of a wrong. The State can not make of it any question of real right or wrong in a moral point of view. I DO not believe it is for the interest of religion to invite the civil magistrates to direct its exercises, its discipline, or its doc-trines; nor of the religious societies, that the general Government should be in-vested with the power of effecting any uniformity of time or matter among them. Fasting and prayer are religious exercises : the enjoining them an act of discipline. Every religious society has a right to de-termine for itself the time for these exer-cises, and the objects proper for them, ac-cording to their own particular tenets; and this right can never be safer than in their own hands, where the Constitution has deposited it.ŠThomas Jefferson. THE National Reform theory is that civil government is not a voluntary asso-ciation, but a divine institution, and that it is clothed with . authority and power that transcend all human institutions. Its design, they assert, is not the securing of human rights, but the suppression of wrong and promulgation of good. "Civil government," says Rev. J. M. Foster, one  of the National Reform secretaries, "is the keeper of both tables of the law." But this is most mischievous, for the rea-son that it makes men judges of that law, and destroys direct individual accounta-bility to God. If God has made the State the custodian of his law, he has also made it the interpreter and expounder of his law, and it is the duty of the people to re-ceive the law from the State. This is substantially the claim made by the Papal Church, a claim which Protestants hold to be blasphemous. But if it be blas-phemy when made by a church, is it not even more so when made in behalf of the State? Constitutional vs. Statutory Law. IN the article entitled " A Constitution Divided Against Itself," in the last issue of this paper it was shown that the funda-mental law of the State of Tennessee con-tained a fatal discrepancy in the antago-nism between those sections of the Bill of Rights, treating of freedom of religion and conscience, and sections of a following article which directly contravene these sacred rights which were again, in the sec-tions of a succeeding article, doubly assured by the most solemn legislative reaffirmation known to constitutional form. So serious a flaw as this in the fundamental guaranty of the rights and privileges of the citizens must necessarily extend into that body of statutory law, which is supposed to grow up in complete consonance, in spirit and technical legal agreement, with it. That the statutory law of Tennessee has sec-tions diametrically at variance with Sec-tions 3, 4, and 6 of Article 1, and Sections 15 and 16 of Article 11 of the Constitution of the State, no evidence is needed to prove, other than their quotation. The code of 1884, and the laws of Tennessee 1889, con-tain the following, bearing upon religious observance :Š Chap. 2, Sec. 2289. If any merchant, artificer, tradesman, farmer, or other person, shall be guilty of doing or exercising any of the common avoca-tions of life, or of causing or permitting the same to be done by his children or servants, acts of real ne- cessity or charity excepted, on Sunday, he shall on due conviction thereof before any justice of the peace of the county, forfeit and pay $3.00, one half to the person who will sue for the same, and the other half for the use of the county. Sec. 2290. Any person who shall hunt, fish, or play at any game of sport, or be drunk on Sunday, as aforesaid, shall be subject to the same proceed-ings and liable to the same penalties as those who work on the Sabbath. Sec. 5671. No licensed grocer or other person in this State shall retail spirituous liquors on Sunday. The punishment of this offense shall be fine and imprisonment at the discretion of the court. Chap. 31, Sec. 1. [Laws of 1889. ] Be it enacted by the General Assembly of the State of Tennessee: The law of this State prohibiting the sale of liquor on Sunday as compiled in section 5671, of Milliken and Vertree's compilation, be so amended as to prohibit the sale on Sunday of any malt, vinous, fermented or other intoxicating liquors, or to keep open on Sunday any place where such liquors are sold or dispensed, and any person offending shall be punished as provided in said act ; provided, that the provisions of this act shall not apply to druggists selling on the prescription of a practicing physician ; provided, further, that restaurants and eating-houses where spirituous, vinous, and malt liquors are sold under the license of the law of the State on week days, shall be allowed to conduct their eating department on Sunday, but the barroom shall be closed, and no drinks of any kind sold. Sec. 3529. Civil process may be issued on the Sabbath, on the application of any party, supported by oath or affirmation, that the defendant is remov-ing, etc. Sec. 3612. Actions may be abated by plea of the defendant in the following case: Where the process is issued or served on Sunday, except in the cases prescribed in section 2529. As might be expected, from the consti-tutional example set, these statutes and laws are not strictly consistent with each other, but while the one forbids the exer-cising any of the common avocations of life, the other discriminates in favor of law itself and permits the issuance and serv-ing of legal processes in certain specified cases. But this lack of consistency is im-material, for, in a question of conscience, the interference of civil law is equally an error whether it forbid or enjoin. In this case the statutes do both, and so between the Constitution and the statutory law the entire neutral field is covered, and it has been so contrived that together they have completely nullified that clause of the 