156 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Christian Statesman before referred to, Mr. Johnston tells just how far they would consider the law of God as appli- cable to civil government. He says:Š All civil governments and all officers should take the Bible as the higher law and as the rule of ac-tion. Indeed, this holy law is just as good a rule of action in the State, as in the Church, or in per-sonal relations. Accordingly the whole moral law as summed up in the ten commandments, and the whole moral Mosaic penal code, would be the rule of action in Congress, in State Legislatures and in the courts of justice. Kidnapping, man-stealing, blasphemy and adultery, as well 'as murder would be punished . by severe penalties. Not the ever-changing will of the people, but the unchangeable law of the Most High would be of supreme author-ity. As this would be right, can we doubt that good would result ? The practical results of such a. system of government Mr. Johnston describes as follows : It would secure the administration of a rightly constituted government by righteous legislators, judges, and executors. It would make only right-eous men, men of Christian moralityŠeligible to office. It would keep out of office all ungodly and wicked men. Aspirants for office, for power, for honor, or for spoilsŠunbelieving and immoral men, asking the dear people to make them legislators, or congressmen, or judges, or governors, would be left at home. Again he says :Š It would tend powerfully to the suppression of existing evilŠof all abounding wickedness. Public idol worship, profanity, blasphemy, Sabbath dese-cration, disregard of parental authority, oppression of the poor, and of the millions once enslaved, shameful wrongs done to women, the licensed liq-uor traffic, intemperance, legalized prostitution, in-famous divorce systems, polygamy, bloodshed, adultery,Šthese and similar evils would be pun-ished as the divine law requires. These extracts which are in no way modified by anything else in Mr. John-ston's article, show that the National Re-form idea is not simply to have Christian principles govern the Nation through the influence which Christianity ought to have upon the individuals that compose the Nation, but by making not only the ten commandments but also " the whole moral Mosaic penal code " the law of the Nation. And this he thinks would keep wicked men out of office. If it did, it would do better than it did anciently. The righteous rulers of the whole nation of Israel from. Saul to Zedekiah,were the ex7. ception, and wicked kings the rule. The National Reform scheme of government would tend rather to make hypocrites than to secure honesty in the administra-tion of government. It is a wonder that any man who has a sincere regard for good morals, as a per-sonal acquaintance with Mr. Johnston warrants us in believing that he has, would for a moment think it wise to make a profession of religion a qualification for civil office. Under snch a system every politician would of necessity be a member of: the Church, ,and corrupt men, would rule the Church as they now rule political parties; and while the. Church would, be so much worse, the GOvernment would be no better. It is a sad fact that  defaulters -and embezzlers are about as commonŠnot indeed among Christians, but among those who profess to be ChristiansŠas among those who make no profession. The- reason for this is that many join the Church through some improper motive, in order to gain some social or business advantage, and not having the root of the matter in them, when temptation comes, they fall. What assurance then could there possibly be that Christians would be any more honest under the proposed National Reform re-gime than they are now, or than they have been under similar circumstances in other countries ? There could be no such as-surance; on the contrary, a knowledge of human nature, and the history of the past lead us to believe that instead of purifying the State, National Reform would hope-lessly corrupt- both the State, and the Church. The nature of the penalties which, ac-cording to their awn representation of the matter, would be inflicted under the pro-posed National Reform system will be ex- amined in another article. C. P. B. -  The Bible in the Public Schools. IN studying the subject of the Bible in the public schools, there are two impor-tant questions to solve; first, which, if any, of the Bibles shall be used. ? and sec-ond, what are the public schools ? The Bible, to many, means only the Bible adopted by the Protestants, or the King James version, and in urging that it be read in the common schools, they do not recognize the fact that the Catholic has a different Bible, which he regards as the only faithful translation of the Scriptures; or that the Jew accepts of the Old Testa-ment only, regarding the New not only as false, but as cruelly charging his ancestors with the murder.of the world's Messiah. The difference between these Bibles is considered by each party as vital to the eternal welfare -of the believer. Says the Protestant Bible, " Except ye:repent, ye shall all likewise perish." Says -the Cathr  olic Bible, "Unless ye shall do penance, ye shall all likewise perish." This is not an accidental difference in translation :but is a difference maintained throughout the entire Catholic Bible, based on the distinctive Catholic. doctrine of penance, in opposition to the Protestant doctrine of salvation through faith, as the- following quotation from the " Doc-trinal Catechism," proves: " He [Luther] invented a thing, which he called justify-ing faith, to be a sufficient substitute for all the above,- painful religious works, an invention which took off every- responsi-bility from our, shoulders, and, laid . all on the shoulders of Jesus Christ; in a word, he told men to believe in the merits ..-of Christ as certainly applied to them,. and live as they pleased. "ŠPage c37 . There are. ether ,impo.rtamt differences  which appear in the text, and would be made apparent by the mere reading of the passages. The difference between the Protestant and Catholic Bibles, and the. Jewish Bible, is far greater, as the Jew rejects the entire New Testament as not only a base fabri-cation, but as containing an unjust charge against his people. The infidel rejects the whole, and finds his views of religion met in the writings of Rousseau, Paine, or Ingersoll. Which of these Bibles shall be read in our common schools ? To this question comes a chorus of opposing answers. Who shall decide ? Is it the preroga-tive of the State to decide which of these Bibles contains the most truth, and which error ? If we so decide, we adopt the the-ory which gave to the Dark Ages their moral gloom. Leaving the difference in Bibles, there is another-- important difference with re-gard to the propriety of reading any Bible without comment. The Protestant posi-tion is, that " the Bible without note or comment is the infallible rule of faith and practice." The Catholic regards this as a dangerous doctrine, fraught with eter-nal ruin to the child, and to say that he is not sincere, is to sit in judgment on his conscience. And the conscience of a Catholic is as sacred in the eyes of the law as the conscience of the Protestant. In studying this subject, we should not allow our preconceived ideas, or time-honored practices to prejudice us. The time was, when men as conscientiously believed that the Governthent should pro-tect religion by burning heretics, as do some to7day-.that the Bible should be read in the public schools.. One way of bring-ing this question squarely before us is to reverse the condition by placing the Cath-olic, Jew, or infidel in the majority. Would the Protestant, who believes that Salvation comes alone through faith, be willing that his child be taught from the reading of the Douay Bible, that to obtain it, he must do penance ? If infidels were in the majority, would the minority be willing ,to have the exercises of the day prefaced by- the reading of extracts from Thomas Paine, Robert Ingersoll, or some other exponent of infidelity ? Here it is that the golden rule has, a practical appli-cation. " All things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even se to them." The public school is created and main-tained -by the civil Government, and therefore is a civil institution. Protest-ants, Catholics, Jews, and infidels are taxed= alike for its support. They are not maintained in: the interests of or in opposi.Ł tion to religion, As a part of the Govern-ment they come under Lincoln's immortal definition: of government,Šthey are "of the people, by the people, and for the peo- ple:" They are neither by or for the Prot-estant, as such, but for the people without 