310 SkANIETINT1ELA VOL. 11, No. 39. only has to do, but for supposed disobedience to God, which is punishable by God alone and over which the civil law has no jurisdiction. We do not deny having performed quiet labor on the first day of the week, but we do deny the charge of breaking the Sabbath day. We believe that the Bible only contains a perfect revelation of God. We believe that in the Bible alone can be found an infallible rule of what man is to believe, and conse-quently when God says " the seventh day is the Sabbath," that he has blessed and sancti-fied and made it holy, we believe that it is so and we dare not follow the world in tram-pling it under foot. After conscientiously keeping the Sabbath according to the com-mandment, we have, according to the same command, a God-given right to labor six days, providing such labor does not interfere with others; but instead of being allowed to worship God according to the dictates of our consciences which in harmony with the Bible says, " The seventh day is the Sabbath," we are urged on pain of imprisonment to worship according to the dictates of the conscience of others, who, being more favored, have suc-ceeded in persuading the government that the first day is the Sabbath in plain contra-diction to the Bible. The magistrate instead of abstaining from interference in this question of religion as the Queen strictly charged, found convictions against us, ranging from forty to sixty days in Chatham jail. We have served our time. The civil law has been satisfied for the awful crime(?) of doing quiet, civil work on the first day of the week after we had conscientiously kept the Sabbath according to the commandment. We have no complaint to offer nor do we seek sympathy, but we cannot refrain from raising our voices in warning against such interfer-ence by the State with religious matters. Oh, that all could see the evil results of religions legislation! God forbid that we should forget in this nineteenth century, the sickening scenes of the Inquisition and what led to it. Let us profit by the terrible mistakes of the Dark Ages. Shall the rack and the thumbscrew be revived to wring from men outward obedi-ence to religious dogmas in which they have no faith ? We have no faith in the first day of the week as a holy day, and why should govern-ment by the oppressive arm of the civil law compel us to observe it as long as we conduct ourselves as civil citizens and pay our honest debts ? No, we have no faith in any other day as the Sabbath but the one which God has blessed and instituted, which is, accord-ing to our teacher, the Bible, the seventh day of the week, and not the first. Stern law may substitute for the company of our dearest friends that of the vilest criminals, it may take away our citizens' clothes and give us the heavy prison garb; it may feed us for long weary days with scanty prison food and compel us to sleep on hard prison beds, but such treatment will not inspire in us faith in a religious institution that has no authority in the Bible. "Faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God." One text from God's Word would be far more effective than all such treatment. In fact, the gospel of Jesus Christ and the word of God aft the only lawful weapons for Chris-tians to use in leading others to obey God. Here love only is power, and faith that work-eth by love is the only obedience that God accepts; hence civil power is useless when used to enforce obedience to God. Because we cannot bend our consciences to conform to laws and forms of religion that  God has never made nor authorized, we be-come an object of reproach, but where, let me ask, has God ever changed his Sabbath from the seventh day and commanded us to honor the first day in its stead ? Surely not in the Bible, which we as Protestants take as our only infallible guide. It is evident to all that a change has taken place, and the ques-tion comes home to every honest heart, Who has dared to tamper with God's law ? The Bible answers the question in the seventh chapter of Daniel and the twenty-fifth verse. Speaking of the Papacy, as all commentators admit, it says: " He shall speak great words against the Most High, and wear out the saints of the Most High, and think to change times and laws." The Papacy has fulfilled these specifications to the very letter. We hear them trumpet-ing to the world the claim to infallibility and equality with God. Is not this speaking great words against the Most High ? The instruments of torture used in the Inquisition by this power to punish those who did not yield to her religious demands testify to the fact that they have literally worn out the saints of the Most High. The Papacy has also thought to change the law of God. Yes, friends, this is the power that has brought about this change, and we hear them making their boast of it to the world without one word of remonstrance from the majority of professed Protestants. In a Catholic work which may be obtained of Catholic publishers in Toronto, we read the following:Š The church, in virtue of the power which she has received from Christ, abolished the Jewish ,Sabbath and substituted the Sunday in its stead.* In another work entitled, " A Manual of the Catholic Religion," on page 186, we read as follows:Š But that the church has instituted the Sunday as the Lord's day instead of the Sabbath, and determined it as the day to be especially employed in adoring and worshiping God, shows forth the great power which she solemnly received from Christ. Presumption! Where did the Catholic Church receive such power from Christ to abolish the Sabbath that he blessed, and sub- stitute another day in its stead ? Where, I ask ? The Bible is silent. Christ himself says: " Think not that I am come to destroy the law, or the prophets: I am not come to destroy, but to fulfill. For verily I say unto you, till heaven and earth pass, one jot or one tittle shall in nowise pass from the law, till all be fulfilled. Whosoever therefore shall break one of these least commandments, and shall teach men so, he shall be called the least in the kingdom of heaven: but whoso-ever shall do and teach them, the same shall be called great in the kingdom of heaven." In spite of these plain utterances of Christ, the man who would do and teach God's com-mandments just as they read, is thought to be strange and peculiar. He is in the minor-ity, and despised by man. He does not have the name of being called great in the earth, but he has the promise frofn the lips of Christ that he will be called great in the kingdom of heaven. NEWS AND NOTES. IT is announced that a " council of the churches " has undertaken to put down gambling in Sydney, Australia. IN Raleigh, N. C., a snit has been begun by one transportation company against another to compel the transportation of express matter on Sunday, as well * "Catholicity, Protestantism and Infidelity."ŠTVenning. as other days of the week. A previous decision at Asheville affirms that it is contrary to the State law to transport any matter on Sunday except that which is liable to perish through delay. The outcome of the present suit will probably settle the legal status of Sunday in that State for some time to come. THE Toronto Toronto Mail and Empire reports that the Canadian Government has passed an order in council providing for the opening of canals on Sunday, to facilitate traffic. THE question of the advisability of opening the Texas Coast Fair on Sunday, which for some tim' past has been agitating the public mind in sections of that State, has been decided in the negative through the active opposition of the Christian Endeavor socie-ties and other religious agencies. THE Christian Citizenship Union, of New Jersey, composed of Christian Endeavor societies, Epworth leagues, Baptist Young Pe'ople's unions, Law and Order leagues, etc., have issued an address to the voters enrolled in the Union, directing the course to be pursued by them at the polls in the coming election. THE Canadian law against blasphemy was recently invoked in Montreal against an individual who was indulging in the same on the exhibition grounds in that city. The delinquent was fined ten dollars. Whether the blasphemy consisted in what is ordinarily known as profanity, or in speaking against some dogma of the accepted religion, is not stated; but presumably it was the former. IN a recent speech at Liverpool, Mr. Gladstone comes boldly forward as the advocate of armed force for the suppression of the Turk in Europe, urging England to proceed upon this course independently of the other powers of Europe. It transpires, how-ever, that Russia, Austria and Germany stand ready to cry, "Hands off," should England take the step to which she is urged. Thus the international jr alousy and rivalry of the " Christian nations " of Europe are again conspicuous before the eyes of the world. SPEAKING of " ecclesiastical prisons," the editor of the Wesleyan Methodist says in a recent issue : "Some time ago we mentioned the case of a young priest in Ohio, who had recently escaped from a convent, and expressed our conviction that all such establishments should be opened even by force if the case required such a method. We are again reminded of the evils of these ecclesiastical prisons by the report of a case where an angry father sends his daughter, age nine-teen years, to one of these prisons on the Hudson River. It is described as having barred windows and a brick fence around the building fourteen feet high. Again we make the demand that public sentiment, and if necessary force of arms, be employed to open these prisons." Ł THE Arena for October contains the follow-ing articles:Š George Fred Williams, Frontispiece; United States Senator J. T. Morgan, SilverŠA Money Metal; Rev. G. D. Coleman, The Religion of Jesus Christ in its relation to Christianity and Reforms; Wm. Howe Tolman, Ph. D., Municipal Reform: United States Senator J. P. Jones, What the Remonetization of Silver Would Do for the Republic; J. H. Hastam, How Prince Edward Island Settled Its Land Ques-tion; Mrs. E. Q. Norton, Dual Suffrage; B. 0. Flower, The Peril of Encouraging the Persecuting Spirit; Ernest W. Clement, Japanesque Elements in " The Last Days of Pompeii ; " Prof. Frank Parsons, Free Silver vs. Free Gold ; Warner Willis Fries, Three Travellers (A Sketch); Sophia McClelland, The Ques-tion of Genius; Rev. J. H. Mueller, Are Our Chris-tian Missionaries in India Frauds? Mary S. Lock-wood, The Divine Afflatus of the Etruscan Gold Spin-ners; John F. Clark, Soul Evolution; Gottfrid E. 