628 AMERICAN SENTINEL. American sentinel, NEW YORK, OCTOBER 6, 1898. AN effort is being made to secure Sunday closing of all business places in Ashtabula, Ohio. Two arrests have been made, the victims being the proprietor of a candy store and the owner of a news stand. It is ex-pected that the cases will be carried higher than the local courts. ARMOR is of no advantage to an individual when it is so heavy that he cannot move beneath it; and this is the situation that is fast being reached by the nations of Europe, Their heavy armaments are simply crushing the life out of them, yet they feel bound to go on adding to their weight. IN Georgia, recently, says the Pitts-burg Catholic, a lower court decided that marriages contracted on Sun-day were illegal and void, Sunday being in that State a dies non. The case was appealed, and the Supreme Court reversed the verdict, on the ground that Sunday laws regulate only "ordinary employment," and hence did not apply to a marriage ceremony. TAKING advantage of the permis-sion given to erect church buildings on. the Government grounds at West Point, the Roman Catholics have ap-plied for and received their permit from the Secretary of War, and will begin work at once toward the erec_ tion of a substantial church; and now the Campbellite and Methodist churches are preparing to follow suit. In time, if the Secretary of War is as fair with one denomination as with another, the traveler coming in sight of this military reservation may think he is coming into a collec-tion of churches. IN Philadelphia preparations are being made to celebrate this month a "Peace Jubilee," in commemora-tion of the cessation of hostilities with Spain. President McKinley has  promised to be present. We trust the expectations which underlie this celebration will not be disappointed. It would be well if the people would realize, however, that internal peace Špeace between the classes of society Šmeans far more to the country than international peace. The conflict at Pana, Ill., is of more serious import to this country than was any battle of the war with Spain. DR. PARKHURST, the reformer, is much disappointed in Colonel Roose-velt, because the latter has gone over to "boss" Platt. Mr. Platt's career, he says, has been one of deliberate treason to the best interests of this city, of the State, and of the country; and now that his trusted friend in reform has joined with the "boss," he will not support him for governor and has no more use for him. Dr. Parkhurst's dream about purifying politics is rudely dissipated; but what else had he a right to expect? The sooner Dr. Parkhurst and the other preacher politicians find out that they are not "in it" with the "boss" and the political machine, and cease to try to promote morality by man-ipulating politics, the fewer disap-pointments they will meet and the better it will be for society. THERE is not much prospect, it seems, of a speedy understanding be_ tween the Spanish and American commissioners who have met in Paris to arrange terms of peace. Spain wants the United States to retain only a coaling station in the Philp-pines, allowing Spain to dispose of the islands as she sees fit, and to as-sent that Cuba shall bear the Cuban debt. These propositions are re-garded in this country as being pre-posterous, and it is asserted that the United States will insist on retaining the island of Luzon, in the Philip_ pines, and will forbid the sale of other islands of the group to any European power. Also that this Government will refuse to be responsible in any way for a single penny of the Cuban debt, or to allow the debt to be put upon the Cubans. THERE is a momentary lull in the great national scandal of France, but fresh disclosures are promised shortly. The Sun, of this city, says:Š "The next exposures will be such as might tempt any ambitious foreign power to take advantage of the weakness and infamy of those upon whom France relies for her defense. But, fortunately, there is little rea-son to fear an attack from the quar-ter whence the French themselves be-lieve it is most likely to come. "The story, when told, will be an appalling object lesson on the moral effect upon those most concerned of the modern system of keeping great nations constantly on a war footing. I put it in this form because it is im-possible to believe that the men who control and direct the national de-fense are natural scoundrels, conspir-ators, and criminals. Evidence isnot wanting, in fact, that similar perver-sions of moral sense are not absent from other military cabinets on the continent." , And it is to be hoped that this "appalling object lesson" will be heeded by the United States, before this nation proceeds so far upon the road of militarism as to fall a victim to similar evils. WHAT THEY SAY About our COMBINATION PREMIUM BIBLE. THE Bible is a fine one. The print is good and the revised and self-pro-flouncing features are excellent.ŠProf. Chas. N. Hayton, Cape Town, Africa. Just what the people want.ŠRev. Russell H. Conwell, Philadelphia. This is almost an ideal Bible for devotional use, and I depart from my usual custom in heartily recommend-ing it with its valuable hel ps.ŠBishop Hendrix, Kansas City, Mo. I know of no Bible that contains within itself so much of real value to every Biblical student as your "Com-bination" Bible.ŠRev. D. D. Ma,cLa,u-rin, Detroit, Mich. It is just what I have long been wanting.ŠRev. P. S. Henson, Chica-go, III. Sent postpaid with the AMERICAN SENTINEL one year for only 0.50. Name in gold letters for 25 cents extra. Address PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 39 Bond St., New'York City. 