AMERICAN SENTINEL. 171 pert butcher to detect that it came from broken-down or diseased cows, bullocks, etc., the worst on the market. They would come sometimes in horrible shape, the kid-neys having been removed to conceal the presence of dis-ease. Some would be full of ulcers and evidences of tu-berculosis. "I have seen ulcers bigger than your fist in some Łof the backs and sides sent to me for sale, and the liver was unspeakably bad; but it was all sold, according to in-structions." "Any amount of bad beef with the tuberculous germs scraped off the ribs, as Mr. Dolan says, and no more fit to be sold for food than a dead cat in the street, has come into Providence and been sold. Some of it had been inspected and condemned, some had passed muster, but ought to have been condemned, and other portions had probably not even been seen by the inspectors. "I have known that lots of the cattle sent here must have been dead before it was 'killed' officially, as was shown by the stagnated blood. Other lots of cattle that had been poorly bled, showing that they were in poor condition when killed, were sent here regularly. These lots have been killed when the cattle were in a dying con-dition, apparently to save it, for the blood was all clotted in the carcass." "If the public only knew a small part of the fraud that is practised upon it by the packers a howl of indig-nation would go up that would astonish the nation." "It is easier than it appears to be to dispose of the very worst looking lots of beef. A diseased piece is cut up and sold by chucks, bunch lots and ribs. One buying a lot of ribs or chucks would always get at least one piece of the diseased beef in with it. Good beef is not cheap. Cheap beef is not good. You may depend upon these two statements." The moral to be drawn from all this is plain enough: the only safe courseŠfor the average person at leastŠis to discard beef. CorpseŠof beef or any other animalŠis not a necessary article of food; it is not necessary to make your stomach a burial ground. There is, fortun-ately, no necessity for any person's falling a victim to the Beef Trust. An Astonishing Thing. IN a speech before Congress by Hon. J. D. Botkin, of Kansas, on the subject of army reorganization, we note the following:Š "I desire to say, Mr. Chairman, that the most aston-ishing feature of this nation-wide discussion is the stand taken by many zealous propagandists of the religion of Jesus in favor of 'criminal aggression' in the Philippines. I am informed that a number of eminent ministers in the church to which I have the honor to belong, are in-sistent upon the organization of a powerful army for the forcible occupancy of those islands, presumably to the end that missionaries may safely go there to establish the church. "I hold it to be the duty of this Government to pro-tect American citizens, of whatever color, politics, or re-ligion, engaged in legitimate business anywhere in this world. . . . But American soldiers must not be used  to forcibly establish any religion or any church anywhere in this world. Christianity does not propose to conquer by force, but by the resistless power of love. You can-not shoot the religion of Jesus into the Filipinos with 13-inch guns, nor punch it into them with American bay-onets. The only instance on record of the attempted use of the sword in defense of the Prince of Peace was in the garden when he was in the hands of a mob; and he said to Peter, Put up again thy sword into his place: for all they that take the sword shall perish with the sword!" • 4' A Serious Inconvenience. The Independent (N. Y.) calls attention to an "illus-tration of the inconvenience of an established church" which "is becoming very manifest in India." It says: "In view of the fact that the soldiers and a large part of the community are to a very great degree Noncon-formists, it has seemed scarcely right that members of the Church of England should be the only ones provided with opportunities for service. Now, however, that the order has been issued granting these other communities the use of these churches on Government property, a vigorous protest has come from the Anglicans, who affirm that it is directly contrary to the whole spirit of the agreement by which these churches were erected. A protest has been addressed through the Bishop of Ma-dras to the Government, and in case it does not meet with the answer that they expect they propose to bring the matter into Parliament to decide as to where the authority rests; whether the State has the right to give these churches regardless of the wishes of the bishops." Tan memorial by the representative of the Filipino republican government, Felipe Agoncillo, to the Govern-ment of the United States, asking its recognition and sympathy, presents the following points as its basis and justification:Š "1. Ł The United States, not having received from the inhabitants of the Philippine Islands authority to pass laws affecting them, its legislation as to their welfare possesses no binding force as against my people. "2. The purpose of the Filipino revolution was in-dependence, and understanding this the United States encouraged the revolutionists to believe their desires would attain fruition. "3. The American Government for months has had in its possession evidence of the actual independence of the Filipinos. "4. Spain could not deliver possession of the Philip-pines to the United States, being herself ousted by their people, and, in fact, at the present moment the United States holds only an entrenched camp, controlling 143 square miles. "5. American purchase of public buildings, etc., in the Philippine Islands was ineffective, becau,e the islands, having been lost by Spain to the Philippine republic, the last-named government had already by conquest ac quired public property." 