AMERICAN   SENTINEL. 731 meal from the one iron pot in which all is cooked. They subsist upon rice, dry codfish, beans, yams, and roots, many families, most families, never tasting meat. In the country districts there is no bread, no means for making it; in its place the laborers, 'who reap down their fields,' are given a small daily supply of plantain, Ša large fruit of the banana species, which has to be cooked. "The pay of the farm laborer ranges from twenty to thirty cents fa day, United States money, and this is usually paid in the form of a brass check to be traded out at the planters' store. 'The hire of the laborer was kept back by fraud.' As there is no clothing furnished at these stores, and as the peon is without money and cannot readily get to the town, they become reduced to a degraded condition for want of clothes. It was stated by a native who was educated, that in the rich agricul-tural district of Mayaguez, in the country places, there were hardworking persons who had become so reduced that they did not dare venture from theirhouses, as they were completely naked. "Of all the population of this beautiful island eighty one per cent. live dispersed, not even in villages, but alone, miles from any neighbor, in the rudest way, and these, in numerous instances, are the descendants of native families which have lost their plantations in years gone by, through the subtle forces termed 'The Laws of Trade,' and their cry entered into the ears of the Lord of Armies, the blow was struck, and, as always, with precision. It was time that the curse was removed, and the Great Ruler removed it. "In the Philippines there are about 9,000,000 people who needed the strong arm of some power to rescue them from the accursed policy of monarchy in its greed for the product of intimidated and helpless labor. It was time that it was extended, and if the United States had not struck the blow the very stones would have cried out; for their time for relief had arrived. "I have it from men who are reliable, and who have been upon the ground, that the small faction who are at war with our Government, are possessed of all the characteristics of Malay adventurers; are out for what they can make. Before the United States had fired the first round, these, who had assisted in breaking Spain's rule, had appropriated the private property of hundreds of Spanish residents, and had entered upon a course of murdering Spanish priests. People who do these things disclose the index to their character. It is our duty, having become possessed of the islands, to defend the innocent from the brutal, until a system of government can be established in which equity shall predominate. "I am fully convinced from personal investigation within the acquired territory, that our Government is pursuing the most desirable course that could be pointed out by a Christianized policy. To suppose that all police power shall vanish from the earth is absurd, and the military in the various islands are performing noth-ing but what must be classed as police duty. "CHARLES E. BUELL. "Plainfield, N. J." The standpoint from which the SENTINEL considers the conquest of foreign lands by the American Republic, is that which has in view the question of its justice, of its harmony with the eternal rules of right. Has any  man, or set of men, a right to govern another man with-out that other's consent? And, with Lincoln, we say to this question, No. Lincoln said that "No man is good enough to gov-ern another man without that other's consent;" and our correspondent, referring to this, says that Lincoln, in this, had in mind the ownership of one man by an-other. Now, we are not concerned with what Lincoln had in mind on that occasion. We do not know what Lincoln had in mind, nor do we think anybody else knows what he had in mind, save as it can be known from what he said. And what he said was, "No man is good enough to govern another man without that other's consent." And in this Lincoln stated an eternal truth. Abraham Lincoln had a remarkable faculty of ex-pressing his ideas clearly, and he had a habit of saying just what he meant, and meaning just what he said. And we do not see how he could have expressed the thought of this quotation more clearly than he did. The language is perfectly plain, and will not admit of being construed, or interpreted. But we do not affirm this truth because Abraham Lincoln said it. Lincoln might be mistaken; but this has been affirmed by a wisdom and authority that are above all liability to error. God has said it. Yea, more: God himself does not assume to be good enough to gov-ern another being without that other's consent. That this is so we know, since God, by the express provisions of his gospel, has refused to force any being to submit to his authority; he will not reign over any, though he has created them and is their absolute owner, without their free consent. And therefore when any man assumes the right to govern another without the latter's consent, he assumes to be better than God. Admitting then that it is utterly wrong for one peo-ple to conquer and rule over another people, as every Christian must admit, such other questions as are raised by our correspondent become of no importance in this discussion. Whether the people ruled over are good or bad, capable or incapable, are questions which do not at all affect the principle upon which we stand in this matter. Nor is it of any consequence to say that it was necessary for one people to subject another because such and such calamities would have ensued if this had not been done. In the first place, nobody knows what ,would have happened if the people of the Philippines had not been conquered by a foreign nation in order that they might be saved from themselves and from the rest of the world. Nobody knows this, because nobody can fathom the mind and purposes of God. "For who hath known the mind of the Lord, that he may instruct him?" "How unsearchable are his judgments, and his ways past finding out!" The purpose of the Lord for them, as for all people, is their salvation; this we do know; and we may be sure that God is able -to accom-plish his purposes in his own way, by his own spiritual 