142 AMERICAN SENTINEL. FIGHTING AGAINST GOD Is the title of a sixteen-page Religious Liberty tract just issued as No. 41 of the Library which PICTURE, POETRY, and PROSE unite in teaching Christian principles of freedom of conscience oe 7 FINE HALF-TONE ILLUSTRATIONS 7 je The pages shown below are reduced facsimiles of pages 6 and 7 of this tract FIGHTING AGAINST GOD. CAN NATIONS CONTEND WITH GOD? "AT his wrath the earth shall tremble, and the nations shall not be able to abide his indignation." 5  For a nation to compel a subject to disobey the laws of a foreign nation, when it knows it is powerless to protect him ! y.  in so doing, is Łbut to murder its citizen in cold blood, and t merit international contempt. +MOT. Will the government attempt to protect its citizens against the wrath of an offended God ? Will it declare war on the King of kings ? Can it marshal its hosts and hurl its serried columns against the Eternal City ? "WE OUGHT TO OBEY GOD RATHER THAN MEN."' " WHEN they went from nation to nation, and from one kingdom to another people ; he suffered no man to do them wrong: . . . saying, Touch not mine anointed, and do my prophets no harm." 7  If God had intended that his children should submit to governments in -matters of conscience, he Would not have protected Daniel in the lions' den, the three Hebrews in the fiery furnace, nor have delivered Peter and John, Paul and Silas; from their prison cells, where they were placed for disobeying human enactments. GOD AND THE POWERS THAT BE. "RExbin therefore unto Cresar the things that are &saes ; and unto God the things that are God's." God has ordained that governments should exist among men. To these governments he has commanded his people -to render tribute, honor, and, respect. He has commanded theth to be obedient to every ordinance of man, not for fear of punishment, but for the Lord's sake. So long as a govern-ment enforces ordinances of men, Š such laws only as are -necessary for the protection of men in the enjoyment of their equal, natural rights,Š they will not come in conflict with the Christian. ,Jer. 10 :10. a Acts 15 : 29. ;1 Chron. 16 a 20-22. .0 Matt. 22 : 21 Wilt thou rally thy legions to battle. And march on the City of Light, Whence angels excelling in power Were hurled to the regions of night? Wilt thou compass the city eternal. Its towers and battlements raze, And train thy batteries brazen , On the throne of the Ancient of Days? Something Neat New and Novel Address, Kansas City, Mo, Price 3c each Printed an highly-finished paper Its attractiveness will insure perusal by the Most prejudiced or indifferent reader Usual discounts in quantities Pacific Press Publishing Co:, 39 Bond St., New York. Oakland, Cal. SURELY you would like to know what it was that King Hezekiah had done that put , him in such a strait, that' he was obliged to confess to Sennaeherib his offense and agree that whatever Sennacherib put upon him he would bear ? Then get " The Empires of the Bible " and read pages 321-324, and you will have the whole story. Only $1.50, 410 pages, 6 x934 inches. 