390 A MikalLISCAN gnNININET eo voL. 8, No. 49. in Pittsburg, patronize the Sunday trains, etc. In this you are right. Christians began the work of demoralization, of de-stroying conscience, long ago when they cast the Sabbath and God's law aside, and put Sunday and the civil law in their place. In the English Reformation, your English and Scotch ancestors, standing between the fire from the Roman Catholics on one side and the English Seventh-day Baptists on the other, undertook to com-promise the matter by transferring the law of God to the Sunday. Honest as the effort may have been, and earnest and conscientious as you may now be, this disre-garding of the Sabbath and God's law has destroyed the public conscience. You complain that men disregard Sunday and the civil law; you, as Christians, set the example by first disregarding God's law and his Sabbath. This is not a matter between you and the Seventh-day Baptists. It is between you and God. The important question is not whether you shall grant me member-ship or courtesy in this convention, but how you will settle your attitude toward God's day with him. Day after to-morrow you will come to God's day, his holy Sab-bath, the day which Christ de-Judaized, kept, honored, enlarged, and purified to make it the Christian Sabbath.; will you make it your " busy Saturday " regardless of what God's Word says ? You may think that the question of the " change of the Sabbath" is settled. It is not. Sinai is a granite fact. Christ's observance of the SabbathŠnot SundayŠis a fact; soon yr late, you, and the Christian world, must meet this issue. I speak courteously but with an earnestness born of conviction. This is my present mission to you. I stand to defend God's Sabbath, and to urge its claims, and I thank you again for this brief opportunity of suggesting this the fundamental error in popular "Sabbath reform." The Bible Sabbath. IN Genesis 2: 2 we read: " And on the seventh day God ended his work which he had made; and he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made. And God blessed the seventh day and sanctified it : because that in it he had rested from all his work which God cre-ated and made." This is the foundation of the weekly cycle. God here declares the seventh day to be " sanctified," a character which it must forever retain, unless God himself declares it off. Man is not competent to do it. We are cautioned, " Add thou not unto his words lest he reprove thee and thou be found a liar." Prov. 30:6. In Genesis 8:10, 12 we have a glimpse of this weekly cycle, for " Noah stayed yet other seven days in sending out the doves." It is sometimes stated that God gave no law to mankind until he gave it at Sinai. On the contrary the existence 'of sin proves the existence of law, for where no law is, there is no transgression. " Sin is the transgression of the law." 1 John 3:4. " And God looked upon the earth and be-hold it was corrupt, for all flesh had cor-rupted his way upon the earth." Gen. 6 :12. " His way" must have been made known to men before they could be held responsi-ble for corrupting it. In Genesis 13:13, the men of Sodom are spoken -of as " sinners exceedingly," so they must have been gross violators of  God's law. This is made plain in Genesis 26, where God renews with Isaac his cov- enant made with Abraham, and gives as the reason of his favor towards him in verse 5, " Because that Abraham obeyed my voice, and kept my charge, my com- mandments, my statutes, and my laws." Abraham was contemporaneous with the Sodomites. He obeyed the laws which they violated, and became "sinners ex-ceedingly," and as such, were destroyed. The existence of the Sabbath laws is made certain before the Israelites reached Sinai. In Exodus 16, when the chil-dren of Israel were in the wilderness of sin, which lies between Elim and Sinai, and six weeks or more before the giving of the law at the " mount which burned with fire," and before the giving of the manna, the Sabbath law was made a test of their loyalty, " That I may prove them whether they will walk in my law or no." Then followed the wonderful provision of manna, with its miraculous adjustments, which continued for forty years, until they entered into the land of Canaan. God thus honoring his own day of rest by an object lesson of weekly occurrence and of long continuance. This eliminates all possible errors of dates or seasons or countings between creation and the settlement in Canaan. There can be no possible error left. To suggest the possibility of one, or to ask for evidence concerning the Sabbath and the antediluvians is but an impertinence towards God. The Sabbath was made for man, and man has, no doubt, always had its observance commanded. Gal. 4 : 4, 5 : " But when the fullness of the time was come, God sent forth his Son, made of a woman, made under the law, to redeem them that were under the law, that we might receive the adoption of sons," that is, he came down into our place that he might lift us up, to be par-takers with him in his place. It is said of this " Son " in Col. 1:16, "For by him were all things created that are in heaven, and that are in earth, visible and invisi-ble, whether they be thrones or domin-ions, or principalities or powers ; all things were created by him and for him. And he is before all' things and by him all things consist." When this Son came he doubtless knew his own Sabbath day, for he was the Creator of it, and he was the one who " sanctified " it. He still kept it as his Sabbath day, for he was born under the law in his humanity, and he still declared himself to be " the Lord of the Sabbath day." He cleared away the rub-bish that the Jews had gathered around it, taught us how to keep it as Christians should, and wound up his teaching by declaring that it " was lawful to do well on the Sabbath days." He justified acts of necessity and, of mercy. This leaves the seventh day in full force, as his only recognized Sabbath day. Ours is the "Julian Calendar," established by Julius Caesar, from whom it derives its name, as does the month of July. He established his calendar on the basis of a better knowledge of the length of a year than had before obtained. He was the first of the Caesars; and was followed by Augus-tus, just as the month of August follows July. It was the decree of Cmsar Augustus " that all the world should be taxed," as given by Luke, that brought Joseph and Mary to Bethlehem, where Jesus was born. Cmsar's estimate of the length of a year was not absolutely correct, and this  led to the correction by Pope Gregory, when Catholic nations passed from old style to what is called new style. Russia still rejects this new style, and her dates are to this day purely Julian. The weekly cycle was not affected by this change, for the Russian Church has the same order of days in the week as does the Catholic countries of the west of Europe. When it is Saturday at London it is Saturday at St. Petersburg. This brings us down to our own day, with no possibility of error in the weekly cycle. Saturday is still the seventh day of the week, and it is " the Sabbath of the Lord our God." W. Woon. Satolli. SATOLLI got out of bed yesterday morn-ing and put on appropriate millinery. Satolli ate breakfast and probably took a potato, as he is said to be fond of them. Satolli ate dinner and probably drank a half-glass of wine, as he is announced to be in the habit of doing occasionally. Satolli read books and newspapers and was prob-ably pleased at the amount of notice given him. Satolli wrote some letters to priests and other people. Satolli ate supper. Satolli went to church. Satolli turned around. Satolli sat down. Satolli changed his millinery several times. Satolli spoke to a man. Satolli shook hands with a bishop. Satolli took a ride on the cars. Satolli smiled. Satolli was gracious. Satolli took a walk. Satolli said that he liked America, and was in favor of free-dom and the Constitution and the flag and American constitutions and other things. Satolli pulled the wool over some eyes, browbeat some people, did what he could to Romanize America, and destroy its lib-erties and prepare the way for making a Mexico, a Spain, or a South America out of the United States. And the secular papers will continue to tell us of his up-risings and his downsittings, his in-comings and his outgoings, in all the weari-some details, but will omit to tell the peo-ple why he is in America.ŠHerald and Presbyter. Punished for Violation of Law. A LONDON paper notes the fact that the Turkish Ambassador declares that there has been no religious persecution of Christians in Turkey, but that all that has been done is to punish violators of the laws of the country; and adds this apt comment: " Exactly, and by the same token there has never been any religious persecution in the world. The Christians were put to death in the days of the Roman emperors, and later in lands controlled by the Roman popes, because they violated the laws of the land ; and keepers of the Sabbath of the Lord are prosecuted in the United States and other countries, for vio-lation of the laws of the land, which declare Sunday to be the Sabbath, in defiance of the laws of God." The same paper also truly says that " no professed Christian who believes that civil governments have a right to pass laws concerning matters (a religion, or to define to any extent wha shall be the religion of a country, can con-sistently find any fault with what has been done in Turkey and Russia." THE underlying principle of so-called National Reform is force; that of the gospel is love. 