234 AMERICAN SENTINEL.' No Fishing on Sunday in Connecticut. New York "Journal," April 3. COMING down from the days of Cotton Mather is an old law so blue that indigo would be but a tint beside it, which prohibits fishing on Sunday. Anyway, in West Haven, town of Orange, the select-men got together and had sworn in a dozen special constables, who were ordered to conceal themselves in the underbrush and nab the fishermen. It was a success. Seven fisherman were gathered in under an old statute that has been inoperative for more than fifty years. The prisoners include several well-known New Haven business and professional men and two New Yorkers. They will all be fined generously this morning, and as they generally gave fictitious names, they will not be known, and the church-going people of West Haven will rejoice. Rhode Island "Disgrac0." CHRISTIAN ENDEAVORERS in Rhode Island, at a recent State convention, identified themselves with the move- ment for enforcing Sunday observance, by the adoption of the following resolution:Š "WHEREAS, Rhode Island has attained the unenvia-ble notoriety of being the only New England State that tolerates Sunday ball games and Sunday cycle races: therefore be it "Resolved, That the Christian Endeavorers of Rhode Island in convention assembled do utter their earnest protest against such a flagrant violation of the law of the State, and do call upon all law-abiding citizens, and especially upon the citizens of the towns where these violations of the law have occurred to combine for the suppression during the coming year of these Sunday sports, which have so disgraced the name of the State." Rhode Island may consider itself very fortunate if it suffers from no worse "disgrace" than that occa- sioned by ball games and bicycle races within its bor-ders on Sunday. Too Much Like America. GOVENOR Leary of the island of Guam, one of the new American possessions in the Pacific, has been de-posed from his office and recalled to this country, for reasons thought to be connected with the following proclamation, issued by him to the people of the Isl-and:Š "Government House, Agana, Guam, Aug. 25, 1899. "General Order, No. 4: "The celebration of feast days of the patron saints of villages, etc., will not be permitted. The churches  and their members may celebrate their feast days within the walls of their churches, chapels or private residences, in accordance with the regulations for the maintenance of public peace. "Unless otherwise ordered, the only public holidays recognized will be Sundays and holidays authorized by the United States statute laws and by proclamation of His Excellency the President of the United States. RICHARD P. LEARY, U. S. N. Governor." It is thought by some that this proclamation amounts too nearly to an assumption that the Consti- tution of the United States extends over the American possessions in the Pacific; which, as known is contrary to the position held by the administration. Sabbatarianism at the Exposition. New York "World." IN accepting the courteous invitation of the French government to join the brotherhood of nations in a dis-play of our resources at the Paris Exposition we ac-cepted all the obligations of courtesy as a guest of the French nation. It would show a curious disregard of those obligations and of the customs of that country if we should now insist that the ample space assigned to us on our request should be barred and bolted and shut out from public view on SundayŠthe one day in the week on which the great body of visitors to the expo-sition would have the best opportunity of examining and profiting by it. There is much hyocrisy and humbug in Sabbatari-anism at home. Let us not make of it our most con-spicuous exhibit in Paris. State Inspection of "Charitable" Institutions. "UNDER a recent decision of the [New York] Court of Appeals," says the New York Sun, "there are now nearly seven hundred institutions of one kind or an-other in our State in many of which persons are re-strained of their liberty, that are not subject to the visitation or inspection of any department of the State government, or of any State authority of any descrip-tion." These institutions contain about 30,000 in-mates. This statement presents one phase of the situa-tion as regards personal liberty in this State. An effort is being made to amend the laws relating to State inspection of these institutions, but it is vigor-ously opposed by Mr. Elbridge Gerry, controller of the society which bears his name, and Mr. Gerry affirms that in this opposition he has the support of the Cath-olic Church in this city, and denounces the bill for State inspection as a measure instigated by the A. P. A. The truth of Mr. Gerry's assertion, while called in question by some,is certainly supported by-consistency, for it is well known that the Catholic Church always 