"If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, / Judge him not: for I Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World." VOLUME 9.  NEW YORK, MAY 31, 1894.  NUMBER 22.  American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York PostÑOffice. EDITOR,  - - - - ALONZO T. JONES. CALVIN P. BOLLMAN. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, , WILLIAM II. MC KEE. " WHATSOEVER iS not of faith is sin." Rom. 14:23. FAITH is of God and not of ourselves (Eph. 2: 8); therefore whatsoever is not of God is sin. WHATSOEVER is of God is righteousness: faith is the gift of God : and whatsoever is of faith is therefore righteousness, as certainly as that "whatsoever is not of faith is sin." JESUS CHRIST is the Author and Fin-isher of faith (Heb. 12: 2), and the Word of God is the channel through which it comes and the means by which it operates. For " Faith cometh by hearing, and hear-ing by the word of God." Rom. 10:17. Where there is no word of God there can be no faith. THE word of God is the most substan-tial and most powerful thing in the uni-verse. It is the means by which all things were produced. It carries in itself creative power. For " by the word of the Lord were the heavens made, and all the host of them by the breath of his mouth." " For he spake and it was; he commanded and it stood fast." Ps. 33: 6, 9. And when this world was thus made, and darkness covered all the face thereof " God said, Let there be light : And there was light." THUS the word of God is self-fulfilling, and of itself accomplishes the will of God in every one who receives it as it is in truth the word of God. " When ye re-ceived the word of God which ye heard of us, ye received it not as the word of men, but as it is in truth the word of God, which effectually worketh also in you that be-lieve." 1 Thess. 2:13. Thus to receive the word of God; to yield the heart to it that thus it may work in the life; this is genuine belief, this is true faith. This is the faith by which men can be justified, made righteous indeed. For by it the  very will of God, as expressed in his own word, is accomplished in the life by the creative word of him who has spoken. This is the work of faith. This is the righteousnessÑthe right doingÑof God which is by faith. Thus " It is God that worketh in you, both to will and to d ) of his good pleasure." Thus the character, the righteousness, of God is manifested in the life, delivering from the power of sin, to the saving of the soul in righteousness. THIS is justification by faith alone. This is justification by faith, without works. For the faith being,  the gift of God, com-ing by the word of God, and itself work-ing in man the works of God. needs none of the work of sinful man to make it good and acceptable to God. The faith itself works in man that which is good, and is sufficient of itself to fill all the life with the goodness of God, and needs not the imperfect effort of sinful man to make it meritorious. This faith gives to man good works, instead of being itself depend-ent upon man for " good works." It is not expressed by "faith and works ; " but by "faith which works," "for in Jesus Christ neither circumcision availeth any-thing, nor uncircumcision; but faith which worketh by love." Gal. 5: 6. " Seest thou how faith wrought P" Jas. 3: 22. " Re-membering without ceasing, your work of faith; " "and the work of faith with power." 1 These. 1: 3; 2 Thess. 1:11. And, " This is the work of God, that ye believe on him whom he hath sent." John 6 : 29. This is " the faith of God " which Jesus exhorts Us to have (Mark 11 : 22, margin); which was manifested in him; and which by his grace is a free gift to every soul on earth. Now of this faith it is the boast of the Catholic Church that she knows nothing. This is the very doctrine of faith, and of justification by faith, which produced the Reformation and made original, genuine Protestantism. And of this faith, and of the Reformation which was produced by it, the Catholic Church speaks thus :Ñ As in revolutions the leaders try to gain the people over by the bait of promised independence, so at the time of the so-called Reformation- Ñwhich was a revo-lution against church authority and order in religion---it seems that-it was the aim of the Reformers to decoy the people under the pretext of making them inde- pendent of the priests, in whose hands our Saviour has placed the administering the seven sacraments of par-don and of grace. They began, therefore, by discarding five of these sacraments. . . . They then reduced, as it ap-pears, to a mere matter of form, the two sacraments they professed to retain, namely, Holy Baptism and the Holy Eucharist. To make up for this rejection, and enable each individual to prescribe for himself, and procure by himself the pardon of sins and divine grace, independently of the priests and of the sacra-ments, they invented an exclusive means, never known in the church of God, and still rejected by all the east-ern churches and by the Roman Catholics throughout the world. . . . They have framed a new dogma, not to be found in any of the creeds, or in the canons of any general council; I mean, the new dogma of Justi-fication by Faith Alone, or by Faith only. . Luther invented, as we have said, this doctrine, and was the first to affix such a meaning to the word faith. .  .  . And from that period only there existed men who saw in the word faith, occurring so frequently in Holy Scripture, that which has never been seen by the fathers, doctors, saints, and by the whole Church of God.ÑCatholic Belief, pp. 365, 366, 374. These extracts are enough to show, and they declare plainly enough, that the Catholic Church does indeed know noth-ing of the faith which is of God, and which, because it is of God, bears in itself sufficient power and merit to justify and save the sinner who will allow it to work in him the righteousness of God. What meaning then does she affix to the word faith ? Here it is:Ñ These texts, all of which refer to saving faith, prove beyond a doubt that not trust in Christ for personal salvation, but the faith of the Creed, . . . is the faith availing for justification.--/d., p. 370. But who made the creed ?ÑMen, and men only. Constantine was the chief agent in the making of the original Cath-olic creed, the Nicene creed. Men being the sole authors of the creed, and " faith " being "the faith of the creed," it follows at once that that faith is solely of them-selves, of their own manufacture, and not the gift of God at all, and is therefore not true faith at all. For the true faith, the faith that really saves, is " not of your-selves, it is the gift of God." And as men only made the Catholic creed, and as Catholic faith is only " the faith of the creed," it is as certain as anything can be that the Catholic faith is a base counter-feit that she would pass off upon all the world, and by force too, to supplant the true faith. IT is not enough, however, to say that 