AMERICAN SENTINEL. 745 AMONG the bills announced to be pressed upon Con-gress when that body convenes, is the "Bill to further protect the first day of the week in the District of Co-lumbia," which was brought before the last Congress, and was "favorably reported" by the District CommisŁ sioners. WITH the idea of promoting good citizenship and good government in the islands taken from Spain, the "National Reform Bureau" at Washington, D. C., will distribute in the islands, it is announced, literature pub-lished in the Spanish language, treating on "American Christian institutions," and "especially on the American Sabbath." * * * The relationship between good citizenship and "the American Sabbath," we may add, is more easily as-sumed than proved. We know of some American citi-zens in a Southern State, who, in their zeal for "the American Sabbath," came armed with guns to a church where religious services were being conducted by some who observed a different Sabbath, and fired into the building with intent to kill. That is not our idea of good citizenship or good government.  anarchist, an enemy of every good law. And being thus by nature an outlaw, they should also recognize that it can never properly have the sanction of law, not even of a Sunday law. It might as properly be enacted that the black plague should not be admitted at the port of New York on Sundays. * * PRESS dispatches from Georgia state that in the town of Americus, the pastor and some members of a "Christian Science" church have come into conflict with the law for refusing to be vaccinated. The pastor has been sentenced to thirty days in jail and a fine ,of $15, and five women have been sentenced to fifteen days and a fine of $3 each. The cases have all been appealed to the higher court. NATURALLY, to a representative of civilization, it appears that the great need of "heathen" and barba-rian lands is to be brought into contact with civiliza-tion, that the people of such lands may learn its arts and adopt its ideas and customs. Yet this view, strange as it may seem, is contrary to the whole testi-mony of history. * * * There is not in all history any record of the uplifting of a people ignorant of the ways of civilization, by con-tact with merely civilized people. The record in such cases, on the contrary, is that the uncivilized only sank lower after the contact, than they were before. This has been the record in Australia, New Zealand, Africa, the Hawaiian Islands, and other places that might be named. * * * * WHAT is termed a "gigantic temperance movement" has been organized and set on foot in Elizabeth, N. J., by the city clergy. Its object, as stated, is "to close all the saloons on Sunday and arrest and fine all violators of the law." A Sunday-closing ordinance exists in Elizabeth, but it has not heretofore been enforced. Now the mayor has promised to enforce the law. "The pastors and their flocks," it is announced, "are determined not to be beaten in this crusade, as they have in many other at-tempts, and they declare that they know the mayor's power and that he must exercise it." Only three of the 250 or more saloons in the city are known to close on Sundays. * * * One pastor said recently that the saloonist is "fast becoming an anarchist." He and his associate pastors should recognize the fact that the saloon itself is an And there is a simple and potent reason for this re-sult. It is this: the uncivilized races speedily imitate the vices of civilization, but are not able to imitate its virtues. Hence they go rapidly down the decline of physical and moral degradation, arriving in some cases at almost complete extinction. * * * TheTuncivilized races of the earth have been uplifted and civilized, it is true, over vast districts, by contact with civilized people,Šbut with those who came to them with the Bible, as ambassadors of the kingdom of God; not with those who came with rum and with other phys-ical and moral poison. The uplifting and transforming power is not in civilization, but in the Word of God. It is the very power of God. * * * It/ is certainly true, therefore, that the attempt to confer civilization on the people of the Philippines, now being made at such fearful cost, must fail as all other 