246 AMERICAN SENTINEL. The Nation's King. BY M. E. KELLOGG. To enthrone Christ as King of the American people is the avowed object of a large number of very zealous peo-ple of this country. But properly to enthrone a king it is requisite in the first place that he shall reign, not simŁ ply by force over unwilling subjects, whose hearts are full of rebellion, but really reign in the hearts of the people. Indeed this is the only way that Christ will reign. At one time some of his very earnest disciples thought to take him by force and make him king over the people of Israel, but he would not permit them to do it. He would not reign by force alone. Christ desires no unwill-ing subjects. The gospel is gathering out of all kingdoms those who personally recognize his sovereignty. In the 'final end of all things, the great company gathered by the gospelŠthe multitude that no man can numberŠwill constitute the subjects of his kingdom. Christ will not rule over this nation literally, nor can it be supposed that he will select an agent to rule in his place. A vote of the people that they accept Christ as their ruler will not have the effect to bring down Christ from above, nor will it assure anyone that the man whom the people place in the highest position of authority is the vicegerent of Christ. About ten millions of the people of the United States now believe that the pope of Rome is the vicegerent of Christ for the whole world. Now if the people of this nation should invest their chief magis-trate with the prerogative of a vicegerency of Christ for this nation, then one of two things would happen. The vicegerent of the United States would have to submit to the vicegerent of the whole world or there would be a great clash, and perhaps a great struggle to determine by earthly forces which was the genuine and real vicege-rent of Christ. Christ will never reign in this earth or on any part of -it in any such way. That plan never will work in a world full of sin and wickedness. The only way for Christ to rule in the present condition of good and evil is that he ,shall reign in the individual hearts of those who love and obey him. Have we reached a time when anyone dare say that 'Christ is ruling in the hearts of the majority of the Amer-ican people, or that he fully reigns in the hearts of a mi-nority respectable in size,  and numbers? No one dare -assert it. It is a fact patent to everyone that mammon Šthe love of riches, which includes the love of selfŠis the ruling passion in this nation. This love of self marks our national life in all its parts. It may be seen in the national statesmanship, as it relates to our relations to other nations; in the States in their relations to the Federal Government and to other States, in the counties and towns in the same way, and in the in-dividual relations of men with men. To get, and to keep is the one supreme idea which to a greater extent than any other, dominates in the minds of men. The Spirit of Christ is just the opposite of all this. "It is more blessed to give than to receive" is the Chris-tian motto that stands out in opposition to this univer sal national and personal selfishness. Hence when a nation that is selfish in its national affairs, selfish in its State affairs, selfish in the personal relations of men with men, declares that the unselfish Christ is its king and that they are loyal to him and to the principles of his government, what will it do but de-clare a lie and thus take upon itself a false profession? Should such a profession be made, should Congress, as the representative of the people and the nation, declare that Christ is the King of the nation, would there be any less of self, any less of serving Satan, any less of the wick-edness both open and secret that prevails in high and low places? No, one can claim that there would. Then why profess a lie? Why say that Christ is the King of the nation when mammon is king? No one has the power to make Christ King over an-other. All that anyone can do is to make Christ his King, and serving him loyally, in this world and age of rebellion, wait patiently the coming of the King, who will then gather out of his kingdom all those who offend and work iniquity to destroy them; and will say to his loyal ones, "Come, ye blessed of my Father, inherit the kingdom prepared for you from the foundation of the world." 1r-1 . 4 4 Sunday and True Worship. BY C. H. KESLAKE. Im will be noticed that of the two-horned beast (Rev. 13:11) it is said "he exerciseth all the power of the first beast before him [literally, "in his presence"] and causeth the earth and them which dwell therein to worship the first beast whose deadly wound was healed." V. 12. Remembering that these two beasts symbolize re-spectively the United States and the papacy, the reader will clearly see that the power of the United States is to be so used that it will cause all under its influence to wor-ship the papacy. But it is ever the duty of all God's creatures to wor-ship only Him. Therefore the issue is to come before us clear and distinct, and all will be called upon to declare whom they will worshipŠGod or the papacy. While many are aware that there is such a power in existence as the papacy, there are not many who are aware that this power is a rival of God in that it claims homage. It may be possible that even Roman Catholics are not aware of this. But such is the case, whether they know it or not. And inasmuch as both cannot be worshiped at one and the same time, and that one or the other must be worshiped, it becomes a matter of the highest importance to know how this can be done. Now the highest form of worship is obedience. With- 