THE SETINEL OF LIBERTY. 567 cause of human rights. The cause of truth and right of the more pure and lofty-minded. Such the over-will be vindicated in character withOut any appeal to powering difficulties which met and confronted them might. It will triumph by the inherent power of wherever they went." (Milman's Hist. Christ., vol. divine truth; ,and even the exercise of force that is I, p. 441, note.) necessary in civil governments for the protection of The Deadly Miasma of the East. rights does not represent Christianity, for Christi- All this Christianity met and conquered glori- anity is not a government of_ force, and forces no ously in the might of the Lord of, Hosts; but even one, but only appeals to, all by love. Men readily these were not the worst foes of the early church. believe that the cause of their country is the " cause If " the conflict of Christianity with Judaism was a of truth and right," and the idea that war in such a civil war, and that with paganism the invasion and cause is a Christian necessity is only calculated to conquest of a foreign territory," the conflict of extend the ghastly work of war throughout the Christianity with the Oriental philosophy or gnosti- earth. sŁ cism was a guerilla warfare. It was fighting an un- - and a lurking foe. It was worse even than CHRISTIANITY AND ORIENTALISM. this. It was the infant church exposed to a deadly miasma which she inhaled with every breath, and IT is hoped that the battle Christianity was corn- which only the power of the life within could elimi- pelled to fight with Judaism and paganism has been nate and exclude. . made plain, in so far as it was possible to do, so in We need not be surprised, then, when Milman the space allotted to these papers. Imagine, if you tells us that " Asiatic influences have worked more ,can, the apostles of Jesus ChristŠthe tent-maker completely into the body and essence of Christianity or the fishermanŠentering as strangers into one of than any other foreign elements," and that " it is by -the splendid cities of Syria, Asia Minor, or Greece. no means improbable that tenets, which had their As they pass along they survey the strength of the origin in India, have for centuries predominated in -established religion, which it is their avowed pur- or materially affected the Christianity of the 'whole pose to overthrow. Everywhere they behold tern- Western world." " From the banks of the Ganges, ples on which the utmost extravagance of expendi- probably from the shores of the Yellow Sea and the ture has been lavished by succeeding generations; coasts of farther India to the Phoenician borders of idols of the most exquisite workmanship, to which the Mediteranean and the undefined limits of Phry-the people are strongly attached, not only by the gia in Asia Minor there was that connection and religious feeling, but also by patriotism, pride, and similitude; that community of certain elementary national and local vanity. "They meet processions principles; that tendency to certain combinations of in which the idle find perpetual occupation, the physical and moral ideas, which may be expressed young excitement, the voluptuous a continual stimu- by the term Orientalism." (Milman's Hist. of Christ., lant to their passions. They behold a priesthood, vol. II., pp. 35,36.) The Jews came in contact with numerous, sometimes wealthy; nor are these alone this philosophy during their captivity in Babylon, wedded by interest to the established faith. Many and, blending with their religion, it produced their of the trades, like those of the makers of silver mystic .Cabala, and influenced many of the teachings shrines at Ephesus, are pledged to the support of of the Essenes and Pharisees. that to which they owe their maintenance. . . . It colored Plato's teachings, and was an essential "They meet philosophers, frequently itinerants part of the New Platonism which had its origin at like themselves, or teachers of new religions, priests Alexandria. Its foundation principle was the Per-of Isis and Serapis, who have brought into equal sian DualismŠthe idea that there were two supreme discredit what might otherwise appeared a proOf of deities, one the creator of light and pure spirit, and philanthrophy, the performing of laborious journeys the other of darkness and malignant matter. In all at the sacrifice of ease and comfort for the moral the oriental sects this primary principle of the ma- and religious improvement of mankind . . .. lignity of matter haunted the imagination. "There are also teachers of the different mysteries " Many of the oriental specialists, as soon as which would engross the anxiety of the inquisitive, Christianity began to develop, hailed it as the com:-perhaps exite, even if they did not satisfy, the hopes pletio'n of their own wild theories, and forced it into 