18 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. and enforce statutes in the interests of divine worship? Is it in the nature of a civil statute to prepare men for another life? "It is the test of all religion," says the Doctor. Then what is the enforcement of the Sabbath but the enforcement of a religious test? And what is the application of it to " candidates and political officers" but the application of a religious test? And what is that but an open violation of the Constitution of the United States, which says, "No religious test shall be required as a qualification to any office or pub-lic trust under the United States "? It is true that, under the decisions of the United States Supreme Court, this provision of the Consti- tution does not prohibit the application of any religious test as a qualification to any of-fice under any State. And if there be no such provision as this in the State Constitution, these preachers of Illinois, and of all the other States, can go ahead unrestrained in the ap-plication of their religious test to-all the can-didates for State offices. But there is one thing certain, and that is, Sunday being "the test of all religion," no Sunday-law test can ever be applied to any candidate for the House of Representatives, for the Senate, or for any other office or public trust under the United States, without a direct violation of the Con-stitution of the United States. Further, says the Doctor, "The people who do not keep the Sabbath have no religion." The antithesis of this is likewise true. The people who do keep the Sabbath have religion. Therefore this demand for laws to compel people to keep the Sabbath, is a demand for laws to compel people to be religious. And yet they have the face to call it "the civil Sab-bath." Again Doctor Everts says :Š " He who does not keep the Sabbath does not worship God, and he who does not wor-ship God is lost." Perfectly true, Doctor. The antithesis of this also is true, He who does keep the Sab-bath, does worship God. Therefore your de-mand for laws to compel men to keep the Sabbath, is a demand for laws to compel them to worship God. And that is only to intro-duce the system of the Papacy and of the Inquisition. There is no use for you to deny that you want laws to compel the observance of the Sabbath, and that, too, with the idea of worship, because in the very next sentence you say :Š "The laboring class are apt to rise late on Sunday morning, read the . Sunday papers, and allow the hour of worship to go by un-heeded." Here are the steps plainly to be taken, as surely as these ambitious clerics ever get the slightest recognition of their Sunday law de-mands. First, a law compelling all labor to cease on Sunday. Then tbe laboring class will read the Sunday papers, and so allow the hour of worship to go unheeded, conse,-quently there must be, Secondly, a law abol-ishing all Sunday papers. But suppose then these people take to reading books, and let the hour of worship go by unheeded, then, logic-ally, there must be, Thirdly, a law abolishing  all reading of books on Sunday. -But suppose they let the hour of worship go by unheeded anyhow, then, logiCally, there must be, Fourthly, a law compelling them not to let the hour of worship go by unheeded. Having secured themselves in the first two of'these steps, what is to hinder these divines-  from taking the other two, which just as logically follow, as the second follows the first? There is just nothing at all to hinder them. Well, then, having taken the first two, will they not take the other two? Anybody who thinks they will not, has studied human nature, and read history, to very little purpose. And anybody who thinks that they do not intend to take the other steps has read the Sunday-law prop-ositions to very little purpose. Prof. Samuel Ives Curtis said in this convention: "We are not commanded to remember the Sabbath as a day of rest and recreation, but to 'keep it holy.'" And last spring in the Boston Mon-day Lectureship, Joseph Cook said :Š "The experience of centuries shows, that you will in vain endeavor to preserve Sunday as a day of rest, unless you preserve it as a DAY OF WORSHIP." There, that ought to be plain enough to make anybody understand what is the pur-pose of the demand for " civil " Sunday-laws. The only safety is in never allowing them to secure themselves in the first stepŠthat is, in never allowing them to secure any sort of a Sunday law. For just as soon as the so-called Protestant churches in this land be-come possessed of power to wield the civil power in the interests of religion, we shall have the Papacy over again. But Doctor Everts continues; it is not enough that Sunday papers must be stopped in behalf of the churches, but Sunday trains must also be stopped, and for the same rea- son. He says "The Sunday train 'is another great evil. They cannot affOrd to run a train unless they get a great many passengers, and so break up a great many congregations. The Sunday rail-road trains are hurrying their passengers fast on to perdition. What an outrage that the railroad, that great civilizer, should destroy the Christian Sabbath !" Oh, yes! The church members, and the church-goers, will go on Sunday trains and Sunday excursions, etc. Therefore the trains are responsible and are hurrying their pas-sengers on to perdition. Therefore by all means stop the Sunday trains, so as to keep these excellent church-members out of perdi-tion, for if they have any chance they will go. Shut up the way to perdition, and then they will go to Heaven. They haven't enough re-ligion, nor love of right, to do right, therefore they must have the State to take away all opportunity to do wrong. And these peo-ple will boast themselves of their religion, and their being Christians ! It is difficult to See how a Sunday train can hurry any-body to perdition who does not ride on it. And if these church-members are hurried to perdition by Sunday trains, who is to blame? Right here lies the secret of the whole evilŠthey blame everybody and everything else, even to inanimate things, for the irreligion,  the infidelity, and the sin that lies in their own, hearts. The following statements made by Dr. Mandeville, in the convention, are literally true, in a good deal deeper sense than he in- tended :- 1. "There has been an alliance formed be-tween the church and the world." That is a fact, and it is going to ruin both.  2. " Let us not deny it." Amen. We earnestly hope you will not. There is no use in trying to deny it. But in-stead of going about in the right way to rem-edy the evil, you set on foot a scheme to com-pel the world to act as though it were religious, and so to bind closer the alliance, and increase the evil. 3. "Influential men fasten themselves upon the church: a sort of political Christians." Most decidedly true. And the most " in-fluentiar ' of these "political Christians," and the most of them are found in the pulpit; and they organize conventions and pass reso-lutions to give their "votes and support to those candidates or political officers who will pledge themselves to vote for the enactment and enforcing of statutes in favor of the civil Sabbath," "as a day of worship." 4. "Too many men are in the church for self-profit." Indeed there are, a vast number too many. 5. "We pastors are to blame for allowing 'them to rule." Yes; you are. You are especially to blame for those influential political Christians fast-ening themselves upon the church and ruling it, and trading off its votes through Sunday-law conventions. The churches themselves, however, are not clear of blame in this. They ought to rise up and turn out the whole com-pany of these political Christians, and fill their pulpits with such Christians as care more for the love of Christ and the power of the Holy Spirit than they do for votes and the power of civil government. But the following statements by the same gentleman, we do not suppose have any deeper meaning than he intends 1. " The subject -has two sides. We must not look alone at the religious side. The in-terests of the Church and State are united." And yet you are all opposed to a union of Church and State, aren't you ? 2. " The merchants of Tyre insisted upon selling goods near the temple on the Sabbath, and Nehemiah compelled the officers of the law to do their duty and stop it. So we can compel the officers of the law to do their duty. . . . When the church of God awakes and does its duty on one side, and the State on the other, we shall have no fur-ther trouble in this matter." Yes, we remember how it was before. The gentle Albigenses in the south of France greatly disturbed the church. They refused to obey its commands. But the church was wide awake, for Innocent III. was Pope; and he awoke the State with the call, " Up, most Christian king, up, and aid us in our work of vengeance ! " And thus with the church awake to its duty (?) on one side, and the State on the other, the Albigenses were swept from the earth,_and there was-no further trouble in 