THE SENTINEL, OF LIPERTY. 663 perish by one blow or to suffer a lingering death for thirty or forty years. "There were some twenty Bastilles in France, of which six only (in 1775) contained three hundred prisoners. At Paris, in '79, there were about thirty prisons where people might be incarcerated without any sentence. An infinite number of convents were subsidiary to these Bastilles. " All these state prisons, toward the close of the reign of Louis XIV., were, like everything else, con-trolled by the Jesuits. They were, in their hands,,  instrumentS of torture for the Protestants and the JansenistsŠdens for conversion. A secrecy more profound than that of the leads—and wells of Venice, the oblivion of the tomb, enshrouded everything. The Jesuits were the confessors of the Bastille and of many other prisons; the prisoners who died were buried udder false names in the church of the Jesuits. Every means of terror was in their hands, especially those dungeons whence the prisoners occasionally came out with their ears or noses gnawed away by the rats. * * * "The lieutenant of police went from time to time to breakfast at the Bastile. That was reckoned as a visitŠa magisterial supervision. That magistrate was ignorant of everything, and yet it was he alone who gave an account to the minister. One family, one dynasty, Chateauneuf, his son, La Vrilliere, and his grandson, Saint-Florentin (who died in 1177) possessed for a century the department of the state prisons and the lettres-de-cachet. For this dynasty to subsist it was necessary to have prisoners; when the Protestants were liberated their places' were filled up with the Jansenists; next, they took men of letters, philosophers, the Voltaires, Frerets, Di-derots. The minister used to give generously blank lettres-de-cachet to the intendants, the bishops, and people in the administration. Saint-Florentin alone gave away as many as 50,000, Never had man's dearest treasure, liberty, been more lavishly squan-dered. These letters were the object of a profit-`able traffic; they were sold to fathers who wanted to get rid of their sons, and given to pretty women who were inconvenienced by their husbands. This last cause of imprisonment was one, of the most common. The Government of Grace. " And all through good 7zature. The king was too good to refuse a lettre-de-cachet to a great lord. The intendant was too good-natured not to grant one at a lady's request. The government clerks, the mis-tresses of the clerks, and the friends of these mis-tresses, through good nature, civility, or mere polite-ness, obtained, gave, or lent, those terrible orders by which a man was buried alive. BuriedŠfor such was the carelessness and levity of those amiable  clerksŠalmost all nobles, fashionable men, all oc-cupied with their pleasuresŠthat they never had the time, when once the poor fellow was shut up, to think of his position. " Thus the government of grace, with all its ad-vantagesŠdescending from the king to the lowest clerk in the administrationŠdisposed, according to caprice or fancy, of liberty of life. " Let us understand this system well. Why does such an one succeed? What does he possess that everything should thrive with him? He has the grace of God and the king's good grace. Let him who is in disgrace, in this world of grace, go out of the worldŠbanished, sentenced, and damned, "The Bastille, the lettre-de-cachet, is the king's excommunication. "Are 'the excommunicated to die? No. It would require a decision of the king, a resolution painful to take, which would grieve the king him-self. It would be a judgment between him and his conscience. Let us save him the task of judging, of killing. There is a middle,term between life and death: a lifeless, buried life. Let us organize a world expressly for oblivion. Let us set falsehood at the gates within and without, in order that life and death be ever uncertain. The living corpse no longer knew anything about his family. -‚ But my wife?' `Thy wife is deadŠI make a mistakeŠre-married." Are any of my friends alive? 'do they ever remember me? ' ' Thy friends, poor tool, why, they were the persons who betrayed thee.' Thus the soul of the miserable prisoner, a prey to' their ferocious merriment, is fed on derision, calumny, and lies. "Forgotten! 0 terrible 'word! That a soul should perish among souls! Had not he whom God had created for life a right to live at least in the mind? What mortal shall dare inflict, even on the most guilty, this worst of 'deathsŠto be eternally forgotten? " No, do not believe it. Nothing is forgottenŠneither man nor thing." Thus 'was' abundantly verified what has been said more recently, that " a government administered on arbitrary and irresponsible principles is to be judged not by the good deeds that a good man may do, but by the evil deeds that an evil man may do." JOHN D. BRADLEY. THE most conspicuous service that civil govern-ment can render the cause of moral reform is to guar-, antee to the individual theŁ greatest possible degree of liberty in developing character, consistent with the equal rights of others:. 