JU.RE 13, 1895. .A..1011EIJELI CAN SIE.1N9L'IN101L.4. 189 strength of a merely secular order to abstain from work on a certain day of the week, is equivalent to a relighting of the fagot which hurried martyrs up to heaven several centuries ago. It is simply religious persecution of the narrowest, most bigoted and most unenlight-ened sort; and the grand State of Mississippi would do well to wipe the relic of barbarism from her statute book. THE NASH TRIAL. ROBERT T. NASH, of Amory, Miss., as be-fore noted in these columns, was arrested for Sunday labor, May 16, and compelled to ap-pear before the justice of the peace on Satur-day, Jime 1, to answer to the charges against him. The. trial was held in a school-house, before Justice A. H. Rye, and attracted a large at-tendance, many people coming a long distance, soine,'as far as eighteen miles, to see, as they said, ra chip from the Dark Ages." The defendant did not ask ,for' a jury trial, mid upon having the charge read to him, he Said he was accustomed to work on Sunday, and that he did work on the day stated in the charge; but that he was not guilty of violat- ing any constitutional law, and asked for time to show that this was so, which was cheerfully granted._ Be spoke substantially as follows " Your Honor, Ladies and Gentlemen: I hold in my hands two law books. This one (holding up a book) is the Code of Mississippi. It was made by menŠour lawmakersŠit can be changed by them. It has for its authority the people of Mississippi. This one (holding up the Bible) is the Code of the Most High GodŠthe King of the Universe. It was spoken by himselfŠhe made it. It can not be changed. It is like himselfŠthe same yes-terday, to-day and forever. To what it says every Christian says Amen! and so say I. This Taw book (Code of Mississippi) I honor as a citizen of the State of my choice. I honor those who made it, and His Honor who sits here to-day as the representative of the State is held in no more respect by any citizen than he is by me. We are commanded to obey " the powers that be; " but our Exemplar, Jesus Christ, tells us very plainly to what extent we are to do this. You will find this instruction in Mark 12 : 17 : Render to Cmsar the things that are Csar's, and to God the things that are God's.' Each of these law books has a Sabbath law, and I want to read them to you: - "Exodus 20: 8-11: Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou la-bor, and do all thy work: but the seventh 'day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God: in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy" daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy Stranger that is within thy gates : for [this is why he made this law, and as long as the reason stands the law will stand] in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day: wherefore [for this reason] the Lord blessed the Sabbath day, and hallowed it.' "Now, I will read to you the Sabbath law from the Code of Mississippi:Š VIOLATION OF SABBATH. If any person, on the first day of the week, com-monly called Sunday, shall himself labor at his own or any other trade, calling, or business, or shall em-ploy his apprentice or servant in labor or other busi-ness, except it be in the ordinary household offices of daily necessity, or other work of necessity or charity, he shall, on conviction, be fined not more than twenty dollars for every offense, deeming every apprentice or servant so employed as constituting a distinct of-fense; but nothing in this section shall apply to labor on railroads or steamboats. " You see God says the seventh day is the  Sabbath, and the Code of Mississippi says the first day is. " I am arraigned here to-day against my will and at the instance of Csar. God says I shall (or may) work six days but shall not work on the seventh day. °resat. says I shall not work on the first day. God says I may work on that day, for how can I work six days, excepting the seventh, in one week, unless I work on the first day? Which do you advise me to obey? Which will you obey? When God says I may work on the first day of the week the same as he did in creating the world, he thereby clothes me with an inalienable right that no power can take from me; neither can I ask it nor accept it of any other source with-out dishonoring God. " This law book (Code of Mississippi) says, in its Bill of Rights, that the enumeration of the rights in this constitution shall not be construed to deny and impair others retained by, or inherent in, the people.' This Sunday law does emphatically deny the God-given right inherent in me to work on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday. There-fore,your honor, it is unconstitutional. " Again, I read in the Constitution of Mis-sissippi, Section 18: No preference shall be given by law to any religious sect or mode of worship; but the free enjoyment of all reli-gious sentiments and different modes of wor-ship shall be held sacred.' Your honor, the highest type of worship is obedience. To wor-ship God is to honor him. We honor him most when we obey him. The same is true all through life. Then there must be no prefer-ence shown by any law to any religious de-nomination in its mode of obedience. It is a part of my mode of worship to obey God by remembering to keep the seventh day holy and by working on the first day, according to the commandment. Your custom is to keep Sunday and work on the seventh day. Ques-tion: Does this Sunday law show any prefer-ence for your custom or mode of worship ? Does it? Any one can see that it does and it is plainly and decidedly unconstitutional. " Again, the constitution of Mississippi guarantees to me the free enjoyment of all my religious sentiments, but under this Sunday statute where is my liberty? " You work on the seventh day and thereby teach to the world that it is not the Sabbath. You rest on the first day and by so doing you say to the world, this is the Sabbath day. You have the right to do this. I would not inter-fere with you in this matter if I could. But where is my freedom to work on Sunday that I may teach the world that it is not the Sab- bath? " Where is my liberty to rest on the sev- enth day that I may teach the people that it is the ,,Sabbath day? These liberties you take yourself, but you deny them to me. You are in the majority I know, but were I the only man in this wide world that kept the Sabbath I would be entitled to equal protec- tion in my faith. You can see that this Sun-day statute is directly in opposition to every principle of the constitution of Mississippi as well as that of the United States, and that it is therefore null and void. "I might inform on my complainant, who was doing his own business in hunting up a team to plow on Monday, when he saw me doing my own business digging up sprouts. I might inform on all my good neighbors who do not deny that they often do work on Sun- day that is not work of necessity or charity. Why, then, is it that I am here to-day for the first time in all my life that I was ever ar- raigned before an officer of the law to answer to any charge? Not because I work on Sunday, but because I rest on the seventh day Šbecause some one has become prejudiced on account of my religion and takes advantage  of this unjust and unconstitutional statute to wreak his vengeance upon a doctrine because it does not happen to be in accordance with his preconceived ideas. "This difficulty is not between me and the State. The contest is between the two laws. I am a servant of the Most High God. He gives me his law in his WordŠhe writes it in my heart,* and I must keep it. If he wants me to go to the lions' den or through the fiery furnace I would rather go than to remain here without him. My God does not need the civil law to sustain or defend his Sabbath or to keep his followers in the faith. He stood by his servants in the past and he is the same to-day as he was then. All his servants in times past have had to meet persecution at the hand of the civil law. The Baptists, Methodists and the Quakers were once as objectionable in the eyes of the law as Seventh-day Adventists are to-day, but that time is past, and so will this time pass; but I forewarn you not to fight against God. " I find, in studying my Bible, that God made the Sabbath when he made the world. He blessed it because he rested upon it, and that blessing will stay upon it as long as the fact remains that he did rest upon that day, and that will be a fact throughout eter-nity. I find that the Son of God kept this same Sabbath while he was on this earth, and was put to death on the issue of Sabbath-ob-servance. I find that the disciples kept the same Sabbath, but through apostasy a change finally came. " The first Official recognition of this change occurred in 321 A. D., when Constantine,Ša heathen emperor, who was subsequently nom-inally converted to the Christian religion, and who thought to promote its cause by enacting civil laws in its favor,Šenacted his famous Sun-day law. This was an important step in the development of the papacy,Ša church clothed with civil power with which to punish here-tics. " We hold up our hands in holy horror when we read of the awful work of this power, but if you will study the 12th and 13th chap-ters of Revelation you will see that a similar power was to arise in the last days and do a similar work. It was to be an image to the former beastŠthe church clothed with civil' power and enforcing religion by law. We are in that time and you have an example of its working before you at this moment. The Sunday is a child of the papacy and stands upon the authority of the beast, and the power that enforces it in this country is called by the prophet " the image of the beast," and the warning angel sent out at this time cries out with a loud voice: If any man worship the beast and his image, and receive his mark in his forehead, or in his hand, the same shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God, which is poured out without mixture into the cup of his indignation; and he shall be tormented with fire and brimstone in the presence of the holy angels, and in the presence of the Lamb.' Ł " I prefer to be fined twenty dollars and the costs or to remain in jail the remain-der of my natural life rather than meet the wrath of God poured upon me without a trace of mercy in it. Therefore, your honor, I cannot observe Sunday, I cannot obey the image to the papacy, when it says worship the beast; nor can I receive his mark in my hand by refraining from labor on his dayŠSundayŠthe sign and seal of his authority. If I obey him I worship him, and his worship brings the curse of God. " I therefore leave my case with you, not fearing to answer you in these things, for the * Jer. 31:33. 