-106 A.MiadlEtICANT VOL. 10, No. 14. of the best-known Catholics of the city, tendered his service as a peacemaker. He brought Vicar-General Cafferty, who is in charge of the diocese in the absence of Bishop Becker, to the scene of trouble. "The' vicar-general addressed part of she mob:Š " This man Slattery," said he, "can do your church no harm. " You are bringing disgrace upon your religion by your conduct here to-night. It can meet but with condemnations  I plead with you to disperse and go home. Don't render it necessary to shed blood here to-night." A few of those whom he addressed shook the vicar-general by the hand and left, but the majority stood still. Major Maldrem and others urged the mob to disperse, but to no purpose. Later, repeated attempts were made both to burn and blow up the Masonic Temple where the lecture was held, and all this by the people of the church that claims to be the author and preserver of both religious liberty and public order. Ever since this lawless occurrence, the Roman Catholic press has labored to explain it, and it is these comments that we wish to notice briefly. All started out to write edi-torials condemning the outrage, which should accord with the claim of the church as the author and conservator of religious liberty and civil order, bat, with one exception, they all, so far as we have read, close with a practi-cal justification of the action of the mob. The Monitor of San Francisco, closes its editorial comment of March 2, thus:Š The trouble is Catholics have been too tolerant and too good natured, and this lesson of Savannah will not be without beneficial results. Again, under date of March 9, the editor of the Monitor replying to the editor of the Red-lands (Cal.) Citrograph, Mr. Craig, who sug-gested to Catholics that they should appeal to the civil law for redress and not to violence; after asking Mr. Craig what he would do if some Catholic priest should talk about the Congregational Church as Mr. Slattery does about the Catholic Church, writes thus:Š Why, if you didn't go out and shoot the blackguard in his tracks, is there a man, woman or child in Red-lands, Scipio Craig, that would not have the right to call you a coward and poltroon ? Other Catholic papers have advised that instead of appealing to violence it would be better to prevail upon the civil authorities to prohibit such lectures, and others still advise that persons be stationed at the door of the place of meeting to get the names of all who attend, and then they could be dealt with in an appropriate manner later. As to the responsibility for the mob, the church has been compelled to take one of two positions; either that she did all she could to prevent the violence and failed, or that she connived at or directly incited the riot. It must be evident to all that either position would be damaging to the present plans of the church. If she did all she could to prevent the riot, it is clearly demonstrated that she cannot control her own mobs, and her bid for the job of controlling all the mobs of all the world is made to appear in a most ridiculous light. If she connived at the crea-tion of the mob or directly incited it, then she is the enemy of free speech and the author of mob violence as of old. She has chosen the first horn of the dilemma, 'and an official statement has been promulgated by the National President of the Ancient Or-der of Hibernians, Judge J. P. O'Connor, and published in the Western Watchman, (St. Louis), of March 11, in which it is stated that efforts were put forth to prevent violence. And the Catholic Review, of March 9, says that Vidar-General Cafferty addressed the mob, 'Łurgiag them to disperse; but to no purpose, as seen by the Sun's account of the riot previously quoted. The Catholic Mirror now comes forward to  explain why Vicar-General Cafferty and the Hibernian Order could not control the Catho-lic mob. In its issue of March 9, the Mirror says:-- Protestants-cannot understand the excitement among Catholics over lectures like those of Slattery. To the Protestant mind religion means holding a certain set of opinions, but the idea of getting excited about them when they are attacked, and especially of dying for them, is to them inconceivable. Of the Catholic attitude toward the faith they have not an idea. To Catholics, however, the faith is the dearest of all things, and not only is the true Catholic ready to give up his life for it, but at any attack upon it or upon the ministers of his religion, or the saintly women who devote themselves to a religious calling, the in-dignation is so great that with some, especially Cath-olics of the simpler sort [like the editor of the Monitor], a kind of frenzy ensues, and hence the blind and savage wrath exhibited by the mob at Savannah. Thus some allowance must be made for these good people, who, in hearing the church assailed, were aroused to the same pitch of fury that a loving son experiences when the honor of ,his_mother is be-smirched. And this is the reason why the Roman Cath- olic Church cannot control her own mobs. But in saying that Catholio exhibit " a kind of frenzy," a " blind and savage wrath," a " fury " when the church is criticised, is to confess that " these good people," including the editor of the Monitor, are not Christians. For Peter says of Christ, that " when he was reviled, he reviled not again; when he suffered, he threatened not; but committed himself to him that judgeth righteously; " and in doing this he " suffered for us, leaving us an exam-ple that ye should follow his steps." And Christ himself says:Š Blessed are ye, when men shall revile you, and per-secute you, and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely, for my sake. Rejoice, and be exceeding glad: for great is your reward in heaven: for so per-secuted they the prophets which were before you.! When Jesus told the truth about the corrupt church of his day, the record states ,that the Jews were " filled with madness; "' and the Lord explained this by saying to them, " Ye are of your father the devil, and the lusts of your father ye will do. He was a murderer from the beginning, and abode not in the truth." Yes, neighbor 'Mirror, we do un- derstand " the excitement among Catholics." Thus we find that the Roman Catholic Church in America, in 1895, is true to her nature. That she is possessed of the same " frenzy " that was exhibited in the councils which created her creed; the same "blind and savage wrath " that characterized her conquer-ing marches to universal supremacy; the same " fury "'that perpetuated her power by massa-cring Waldenses, Albigenses, and Huguenots who told the truth about her. And it is this " mystery of lawlessness," this " lawless one," that was born, reared, and perpetuated through violence, that now con-fesses that she is unable to control the "frenzy," " savage wrath," and " fury " of her own mobs,Šit is this church that now declares that she is the only power that can control the mobs of the world, that is, that can pronounce the "pax vobiscum" over a world in anarchy. And now we appeal to the rulers and people of America, and the world ,to turn a deaf ear to the preposterous claims of the " mystery of lawlessness," for God himself being judge, she can neither speak peace to the tempest-tossed soul nor the storm-rent State. And to those who are honestly trusting in her or her daughters for salvation, God says in his in-finite love: " Come out of her, my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive not of her plagues. For her sins have reached unto heaven, and God hath re-membered her iniquities." Rev. 18 : 4, 5. " Come unto me, all ye that .labor and are 1 Peter 2: 20-23. 7  Matt. 5 :11, 12, a Luke 6 11, 9  John 8 : 44. heavy laden, and I will give you rest. Take my yoke upon yon, and learn of me; for I am meek and lowly in heart: and ye shall find rest unto your souls. For my yoke is easy, and my burden is light." Matt. 11: 28-30. THE SUNDAY LAW OF TENNESSEE AGAINST NATURAL RIGHT. THE position of the -courts in Tennessee in their relation to the Sunday law of that State, especially as affects observers of the seventh day, is certainly not a desirable one. In pronouncing judgment upon the Seventh-day Adventists convicted in Rhea County in the recent term of court, Judge Parks said in effect, as published in these columns two weeks ago, that his sympathies were with the defendants, but that he was compelled by his official oath to enforce the law as he found it, and not as he might wish to have it. In this connection his honor said : If there were only one of them, he would be entitled not only to his belief, but to the ex-ercise of that belief so long as in so doing he did not interfere with any natural right of his neighbor. A man cannot kill another and excuse himself by claiming that he believed he was carrying out God's will in so doing, because this would deprive his victim of a natural right, viz., the enjoyment of life. Do the defendants, in keeping the seventh day and working on the first, thereby interfere with any natural right of their neighbors, or is it an artificial right created by statute ?" This question admits of but one answer. The exclusive right claimed by Sunday-keepers is not a natural, but an artificial right, created by statute. It does not interfere with one man's right to rest on Sunday because another man does not so rest. The " annoy-ance " and. the " nuisance" is simply mental; it is of the same kind that might be experi-enced by the Protestant in seeing the Catholic make the sign of the cross, using holy water, or going to mass or confesiion. The " an-noyance " is of the same kind as that felt by the Baptist seeing the pedo-Baptist practicing sprinkling, or vice versa. This was virtually conceded by Judge Parks in his summing up of the cases, when he said: " Sunday is, and for a long time has been, recognized by all Christian denominations as the Sabbath, and it is for this reason, no doubt, that the laws which protect that day have always been ac-quiesced in as constitutional." In his dictum hi the King case, Judge Hammond admitted the same fact in the fol-lowing language: " Sunday observance is so essentially a part of the same [the Christian] religion that it is impossible to rid our laws of it." This is equivalent to saying that notwith-standing the constitutional guarantee con-tained bY the Tennessee Bill of Rights, the State of Tennessee and its courts have sus-tained laws giving preference to one form of religions worship over another. The lan-guage of Article 1 of the Bill of Rights is: " That no human authority can, in any case whatever, control or interfere with the rights of conscience; and that no preference shall ever be given, by law, to any religious establishment or mode of worship." That the Tennessee. Sunday law is in violation of this provision, so far at least as observers of the seventh day are concerned, seems clear, and yet the court of last resort has not so held. The reason for this seems to be that individuals have not been considered, but that only organizations have been taken into consideration. In other words, that an individual to 'have any con-science which the law is bound to respect, must 