688 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 2, 1899. WE hear much about the right of America to the Philippines under the technical rules of international law. But what about that right under the moral law or the Golden Rule? We have not noticed any attempt as yet to justify the Philippine con-quest upon these higher and univer-sally-binding grounds. AT a recent missionary council in St. Louis some Episcopal clergymen spoke in favor of an American union of church and state, after the EngŁ lish model. A secular journal makes note of the fact, and observes that they "did not designate which church," which was on their part "an important omission," as "there are several religions bodies in the United States, all claiming to be the only true church." ,o4  A PROMINENT capitalist and politi-cian who is making speeches to win votes for his party, has declared himself upon the trust question in the short but comprehensive state-ment, "There are no trusts." Very blind indeed have all the people been in thinking the contrary! We im-agine the people who have felt the grasp of the trust will not readily be convinced of its non-existence. NOTICE how, as told on another page, the English authorities have decided to overturn the customs and belief of the inhabitants of the Cook Islands, fixed by the practises of a life time, in order that Sunday may be established there as the Sabbath in place of the seventh day. They would think this altogether too much to do for the sake of getting back to the observance of the true  Creation Sabbath; but it is not'too much to do for Sunday. MR. ROBERTS, the 'representative of Utah polygamy, will probably not get the seat in Congress to which he was elected; but the.  Mem-phis Commercial-Appeal points out that he might "seek an island, be-come sultan of something, and ask for an increase of salary." A CLERGYMAN of Boothbay Har-bor, Me., comes out in print with the statement that "Sunday fishing doesn't pay." We do not know what fishermen find to-day in this respect, but we know one occasion anciently on which it paid unusually well, as narrated in John 21; that is, if it be true, as our Sunday-observing friends assert, that Christ after his resurrec-tion always met with his disciples on the first day of the week. ADVOCATES of compulsory Sunday observance are saying that the recent disaster at Mt. Desert, Me., which occurred on Sunday, was due to the desecration of that day by the ex-cursion which led up to the accident. The courts, however, found that certain parties concerned in the affair were guilty of criminal negligence; and no doubt the latter would have been well pleased if the court and the general public had taken the view that the accident was caused by the desecration of Sunday, which would have absolved them from blame. We have noticed that where there is a reckless disregard of nat-ural laws an accident is likely to occur on any day of the week, and we do not see how the Mt. Desert pier, which collapsed, could be ex-pected to hold up a larger crowd on a Sunday than it would sustain on Monday. TEE organ of the New England Sabbath Protective League says that "one uppermost question in morals to day in Rhode Island is  whether Sunday profanation ,as seen in bicycle races and baseball games, shall be tolerated in that State." Would it not be well to reflect that God tolerates these things, which if they are immoral are a much greater wrong against him than against any man; and if God,who is supreme-ly upright and just, tolerates that which wrongs him, cannot men who are sinners themselves tolerate the same thing? They can if they have the same spirit that actuates God. Then again, it is a question among the people whether Sunday desecra-tion is immoral or not; it represents a religious controversy; and when was the State of Rhode Island authorized and empowered to decide religious controversies? .And what does the assumption of such author-ity represent but popery? tAt IT is generally understood that Great Britain is proceeding in her war against the Transvaal and Orange Free State, without the sym-pathy of the rest of Europe; this being due not to European love of republics or of justice,but to general European jealousy and dislike of Great Britain. Russia, France, and Germany are supposed to stand fore-most in opposing British extention in South Africa, and it is surmised that these three powers may initiate a move, in which the rest of the continent would join, to restrain England from her designs. And it is understood also that the United States is the friend of Great Britain in the present controversy, and that a virtual agreement at least exists between them,under which the moral support of this Government will be given to England against the rest of Europe. But will England not de-mand in case of emergency, some-thing more than mere moral sup-port? And is the United States pre-pared to pursue the pathway of foreign conquest without something more than the moral support of Great Britain? Is it not apparent that this country is already getting dangerously entangled in Old World politics? 