DROMMBEIL 6, 1894. .A1011   'Huai CAN SIB:INTIPIENTMILk, 381 amine every one of them. We shall take up one of them now. His first argument is (No. 7), How could men enjoy the privilege (" of worshiping God in public on the Sabbath ") if all those who do not count it their privilege were permitted to pursue their ordinary business on the Sab-bath ? How could those who inhabit large cities worship God without disturbance amid the clinking of hammers and rattling of drays, etc.? Hence the necessity of coercion. I ask, How do the Presbyte-rians of all sects, Episcopalians, and Cath-olics in all our large cities go through all the forms of their devotion on the fast days, preparation Saturdays, and sacra-mental Mondays ? How do synods, pres-byteries, councils, meet and worship, and transact ecclesiastical business on week days, amidst the common business of the cities ? How do they worship God in their families, morning and evening, every week day, amidst the same confusion ? If they can worship in these circumstances one day they may another, I argue; and I argue that if it is right to oblige all the citizens to make no noise on the Lord's day, that we may have the privilege of worshiping in quietness, then it is right to oblige them to abstain from business on all our week day meetings, and while we worship in our families, lest we should be disturbed in our devotion. I argue that if the Presbyterian should oblige us to be quiet on his fast day, then the Episcopalian should oblige us to observe his Christmas day, the Catholic his Good Friday, and the Jew his seventh day. Where is Mr. T.'s first argument now ? I wonder how the primitive Christians in Jerusalem, in Rome, in Corinth, in Ephesus, in Antioch, populous and pagan cities, could worship God on the first day in the church for so long a time ! Shall I pursue the argument further ? No, it's vanished. The civil law should protect all congregations on any day from insult or unnecessary interruption, but all be-yond this, is unjust and oppressive. I proceed to a third argument against the system I oppose. It has been said that if faith be a duty of all men, then going to hear the word preached is a previous duty. But the Scriptures say, The word preached did not profit, not being mixed with faith in them that heard it." So that the Scripture presupposes faith as a prerequisite to hearing the word to advantage. We fully admit that " faith," too, " comes by hearing the Word of God." Yet we cannot admit the propriety of teaching that the unbeliever's first duty, in order to faith, is to go to sermon. The commission under which all true preachers act makes it their duty to go out to all places, into all the world, and to announce the gospel to every crea-ture, not to give out that it is the duty of unbelievers to come to wait on them. Again, parents, who are Christians, are bound to acquaint their children in due time with the gospel, to bring them up in the training or nurture and admonition of the Lord, so that in a professing country every child may, and the majority have an opportunity of hearing the gospel be-fore they are able or capable to under-stand a learned divine. As soon as the gospel is once announced to any, he is commanded to believe it upon its own evidence; and not to believe it, when fully stated, on its own evidence, is to increase the guilt and aggravate the condemnation of the hearer. All duties are either mediate or intmedi- ate, that is, duties that should be done just now or hereafter. Every man in the world is in duty bound to do everything that God requires of him, but every duty is not to be done at once. A man must first be a husband before it becomes his duty to love his wife; a father before it becomes his duty to love his children ; a master before he becomes bound to render unto his servants that which is just and equal. Yet every man is bound to do all these things when he comes into those relations. To say that under the gospel any duty was prior to faith, is to say that infidel duties are prior to faith; to say that hearing, repenting, or reforming are prerequisites to faith, is to say that infidel or faithless hearing, infidel or faithless,  repenting, infidel or faithless reformation is the immediate duty of all men, and faith the mediate. But if faith be not the immediate duty of all men, then no man, can be condemned for not immediately believing. A man might as correctly be told to love his wife who is not yet a. husband, as to be told to observe the first day of the week who is not yet a Chris-tian. From all which, it follows : Faith is the immediate duty of every unbeliever to whom divine revelation comes. But divine revelation has come to every citizen in Pennsylvania. Therefore faith is the immediate duty of every citizen in Pennsylvania who has not yet believed. If faith be the immediate duty of all unbelievers, then the observance of the Lord's day is not the immediate duty of any unbeliever, for there cannot be two immediate duties. . . . The gospel commands no duty that can be performed without faith in the Son of God, " Whatsoever is not of faith is sin." But to command men destitute of faith to observe any Christian institute, such as the Lord's day, is commanding duty to be performed without faith in the Son of God. Therefore, to command unbelievers, or natural men, to observe in any sense the Lord's day is anti-evangelical or contrary to the gospel. Š Candidus (Alexander Campbell), in Washington ( Pa.) Re-porter, Sept. 17 and 24, 1821. Sabbath Reform(?). THE following is a correspondence from New York to the Dallas News of last Sun-day :Š The New York State Sabbath Association held its third annual meeting last night in Brooklyn. Among the other things which the association is trying to bring about is the abolition of all Sunday traffic, Sunday excursions, and Sunday newspapers. The address on the Sunday newspapers was delivered by Dr. Theodore L. Cuyler, who announced himself a true friend of the daily press, which he held responsi-ble for much of the good accomplished in the world, and thought that all the Christians should unite in demanding the suppression of the Sunday newspapers. "Why," he asked, "should the newspaper men be allowed to carry on their business when all other trades are required to suspend trade on Sunday? There is no need of the Sunday press. We got along very well withcut it in the olden days and we could again. While there is no reason why we should have the Sunday papers, there are many reasons why we should be delivered from them. From the cleanest papers issued there are sporting and other topics which are not considerate subjects on the Sabbath. Ministers have to dig out their parishioners from under the avalanche of blanket sheets which are every Sunday launched upon the public." The sentiment contained in the above article, if spoken fifteen years ago, would have been denounced by all liberal and fair-minded people, as outrageously cora- mandatory in a land where its people boasted of possessing the privilege of fol-lowing the dictates of their own con-sciences in matters of religion and the observance of God's laws. For is not the observance of the Sabbath one of God's laws and not man's ? Then to whom are we accountable ? Not man, certainly. And is it not blasphemy, then, for one man to endeavor to force another to ob-serve a certain form of worship just be-cause he construes it in that light ? Christ forbid civil interference on the Sabbath question time and again, and when the Pharisees consulted him on the compul-sory observance of that day, we believe his answer was, " Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's; and unto God the things that are God's." In this it is clearly shown that Christ meant that the Sabbath was a divine and not a civil law, in the enforcement of which, Cae-sar had no rightful power. Be charitable, allow your neighbor the same right in his form of worship as you should and do demand for yourself in this grand country of freedom and liberty. Just such laws as the above article indorses, caused the destruction and fall of the Roman empire, one of the grandest and richest kingdoms the world has ever known.ŠBrandon ( Texas) Messenger. The Baptists and Contract Indian Schools. [The following is a communication from Hon. T. J. Morgan, touching a letter from Mr. Armstrong, of the Interior Department, published in the SENTINEL of recent date, relative to appropriations received by Baptists for conducting schools among the Indians.] THE following letter from the Indian Office is going the rounds of newspapers, attracting a good deal of attention and provoking a great many inquiries as to the facts in the case :Š Department of the Interior, Office of Indian Affairs. Washington, Sept. 12, 1894. A LIMN  MOON, President International Religious Liberty Ass'n, 728, 9th Street, N. E.. Washington, D. C. Sir:ŠReferring to our conversation of the 11th inst., relative to contracts for the education of Indian chil-dren with the Baptist Church, you are informed that I find records of contracts from the year 1879 to 1884 between this office and Henry L. Morehouse, of New York City, secretary of the American Baptist Home Missionary Society, for the freedmen of the Choctaw and Chickasaw Indians, in the Indian Territory, as follows:Š In 1879, six day schools, at $875, for six months. In 1882, one boarding school and eight day schools, at $2,250. In 1883, one boarding school and eight day schools, at $2,750, In 1884, four day schools, at $700, and again in the same year, for six schools, at $1,500. Very respectfully, FRANK C. ARMSTRONG, Ass't Com. Some years ago, as a part of General Grant's so-called " peace policy," various Indian reservations were parceled out among the several religious denominations of the country who were requested to nominate men to take charge of agencies under the Interior Department, and to be paid, of course, by the Government. It was hoped that this method would bring to bear upon the solution of the Indian problem more of religion and less of, politics. The scheme was ultimately abandoned as impracticable. Under this plan the Baptists nominated a man to have charge of the Union Agency, embracing the five so-called civilized tribes in the Indian Territory. There were in this agency between four 