WHOLESALE HANGING OF PROTESTANTS ENFORCING THE " LAW" [N THE NETHERLANDS. "The question of righteousness should never decide whether an existing law is to be enforced or not. . . . If the daw is unjust, if it works hardshp to innocent persons, still let it be executed so long as it remains on the statute books."ŠRev. Thomas C. Warner, D .D. AUGUST 15, 1895. A.104LEILLICA_N gRINPTINIH_I11,0 251 of Tennessee's law-makers must change very materially before the State will recede from the position it has taken. Expressions of sympathy and kindly regard are no new thing in cases of persecution for conscience' sake. The ecclesiastical courts of the Dark Ages frequently expressed abundant sym-pathy for their victims and bespoke mercy for them at the hands of the civil authorities to whom they committed them to be dealt with " ACCORDING TO LAW; " mercy which they well knew their victims would not receive; for the condemned men were then, as the Tennessee Adventists are now, self-confessed " law " breakers, and it was a maxim then as it is now: " The law must be enforced." The result then was imprisonment, confiscation, torture and death by the rope, the ax, the fagot. The ultimate end cannot be different now. True, the ex-treme penalty may not be so speedily reached as in the Middle Ages, but it is none the less inevitable. The death penalty is not only in the first attempt to coerce men in matters of con-science, but it is in the assumption of the right to coerce them; and the easy stages by which it is to be reached in Tennessee only make it the more certain. Had heavy pen-alties been imposed upon the Rhea County Adventists for the first offense, public sympathy would hale been aroused in their behalf, and the so-called law might have been swept from the statute books; but the sympathy of the judge, the kindness of the 'sheriff and his deputies, the pardon by the governor, all serve to create a feeling that having been treated with such marked consideration, the Adventists ought to be willing to compromise, to surrender their consciences; and the fact that they will not compromise in the least, that they remain loyal to God and to conscience, is taken by many as an evidence of contumacy, and their further punishment is regarded as well-m eri ted. We have little hopes of influencing the State of Tennessee in this matter, or of even lightening the persecution of the Ad-ventists there. Forewarned by the Word of God, we have long looked for such things in this country, and we expect them to increase rather than diminish. The return to the maxims and methods of the Dark Ages has begun, and the goal is certain. We expect to save from the ruinous course upon which they have entered neither the State of Tennessee nor yet the United States, which has in many ways approved the wicked principle which Tennessee has adopted; but we do expect to save honest-hearted individuals from participation in the wrong. " Once to every man and nation comes the moment to decide, In the strife of Truth with Falsehood, for the good or evil side; Some great cause, God's new Messiah, offering each the bloom or blight, Parts the goats upon the left hand, and the sheep upon the right, And the choice goes by forever 'twixt that darkness and that light."' " Hast thou chosen, 0 my people, on whose party thou shalt stand, LEre the Doom from its worn sandals shakes the dust against our land ?" 1  God has ordained civil ,government, but he has "not 'Ithereby abdicated the throne of moral dominion. Every man must give account of himself to God. As Lowell has oddly but, forcibly expressed it:Š If you take a sword and dror it, and go stick a feller thru, Gov'ment aint to answer for it; God'll send the bill to you. Lowell's "Present Crisis." THE AUTO-DA-FEŠENFORCING THE "LAW" IN FRANCE. "As every other good citizen ought to be, I am in favor of the strict enforcement of all laws till they are repealed."ŠRev. Dr. Moore. It is no less a moral wrong to rob a man of his natural rights than to rob him of his money or other property; and it is no less a moral wrong to do it under the forms of law than it would be to do it without law. Government cannot make right wrong nor wrong right, and the man who does a moral wrong in obedience to what he may understand to be law, or in obedience to that which is in fact human " law, " will in the end find that he is not thereby freed from responsibility to God. Judge Parks, Attorney-General Fletcher, the grand and petit jurors, and the sheriff and his deputies, must each answer to God for the wrongs done the Adventists, and that at a bar where the plea of supreme court decisions and official oaths will not avail. The law of God will be the rule of that Judgment. A s Elder Colcord so impressively said last March: " There is a time coming when there will be a change, and God, and not man, will be the JudgeŠand in that court ques-tions will be de-cided not by the statute books o f Tennessee, but by the law of God."  And in that Judg-ment the authori-ties of Tennessee will be on trial, not as belonging t o a system i n which their iden-tity is lost, merged into that moral nonentity, the 