THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 357 tion which is pradticable among people of mixed creeds, can ever take the place of the church and the heme, or furnish the instruction which should be given by parents and spiritual advisers. It is true that "morality" cannot be inculcated with-out religion; and it is equally true that religion cannot be taught without a creed, for a creed is simply that which is believed. If religion is to be taught in the schools it must be defined, and that definition will be somebody's creed, and if it is adopted by the State it will be the established creed of the State. The only possible solution of the religious educational question without making the schools sectarian is for Christian parents to do their duty toward their children in the home, ' and for all Christians to do their duty toward all classes as opportunity may offer. The State can-not teach religion unless it has a religion to teach; and State religions have never resulted in any-thing but evil. The history of Europe and of the South American Republics and Mexico proves this. The Public Schools. THE following communication from Mr. G. F. B. Leighton, president of the Horticultural and Pomologioal Society of Norfolk, Virginia, to the Public Ledger of that city, puts the matter of the total separation of religion and the public schools in a way so pointed and plain that no one can fail to see it:Š In a recent issue of your paper, I noticed remarks from eminent divines as to the feasibility of introducing religious instruction in our public schools. As your columns, are open to all phases of subjects, I offer the views of an outsider in this matter. We are commanded to work six days. From time immemorial,, with civilized nations schools have been established for the purpose of training youths for the most intelligent performance of that workŠschools formed and freely sustained by tax in country, town, city, and State, showing that their importance is appreciated throughout the land. One-seventh of the time is set apart for another purpose, giving rest from the school rotation, and directing the mind to moral and religious educa-tion in the establishment of Sunday-schools as auxiliary to pulpit instruction. Should a teacher in the Sunday-school make the diversion of demonstrating a problem in geometry he would be driven from his position for introducing a subject at variance with the object of the school, yet no more out of place ' than the introduction of religious training in our public schools. The parents of our scholars are made up of many religious sects, each believing that their church is nearest right. Should a majority of any schoordistrict be of a particular persuasion, such views would be inculcated as would suit them, resulting in the overthrow of the usefulness of the school system. When one-seventh of our time devoted to moral and religious education, assisted by the Sunday-school, the pulpit, and the home, proves inadequate to the best interests of our country, we must admit that we are in a most deplorable condition. I regard the preservation of our Constitution, under which we have passed a century of pros-perity, to the fact that we have \had two great political parties to watch each other; but also in part to the multiplicity of religious demonstra- tions, which strenuously oppose the connection of Church and State, which some parties apprehend at a future day. Let our schools remain free from the stain of religious dissensions, and continue to form the bulwark of American freedom, demonstrating to other nations that we have a spot where all re-ligious sects are protected in the full exercise of their peculiar tenets, and their children instructed in what pertains to the duties of the six days' work, leaving for the seventh day the duties as aforementioned. Mr. Crafts on Sunday Laws. THE following letter from an occasional corre-spondent in Philadelphia explains itself and con-tains several items of interest:Š EDITOR SENTINEL: The City of Brotherly Love, a city in which there is the best Sunday observance in the country, was honored recently with the presence of Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts, field secretary of the American Sabbath Union, who preached in Bethany Presbyterian Church, on the " American Civil Sabbath." Your corre-spondent went to hear him, and as he was to speak on the "American Sabbath," I expected that he would take his text from some history of America, which would tell of the time when the Americans made America, when they rested from their work, and made the "American Sabbath" to commemorate the work. But lo ! he did nothing of the kind, but took a text from the Bible (Nehe-miah 13), and started off by telling us that these people in Nehemiah's time were engaged in Sun-day trade, which I couldn't believe, as I was al-ways taught that Sunday is the first day of the week, and this trading occurred the day previous. He said that museums and art galleries should not be allowed to open on Sunday, not even those 'of a high order, because if those of the highest order were allowed to open, then it would be im-possible to close the vile ones, as the law could not discriminate, and thus the morals of the peo-ple would be corrupted. Great is Sunday! These low museums corrupt the morals of the people if allowed to be open on Sunday, while on other days they can be in full blast, and not a word is said against them by our Sunday-law friends. Confectionery shops, Mr. Crafts said, must be closed, because one Sunday he made it a special point to watch the children on their way to his Sunday-school in New York, and he calculated that at least $5.00 of the children's money had gone into the coffers of the confectioners, thus depriving, as he said, the church and the mission-ary of money that belonged to them. This he said was teaching the children to be embezzlers. What is his remedy? Teach the children at their homes, in the church, in the Sunday-school, that it is wrong to do this ?ŠNot a bit of it. He would have a Sunday law that would shut the candy shop and compel the children to bring their pennies to the Sunday-school. But has it come to this that the professed church of Jesus Christ has not got enough power to compete with the little candy shops? Seventh-day observers should not be allowed to open their shops on Sunday, said the speaker, as it would interefere with the Sunday rest-day. If they couldn't get along with having them open five days, they should seek some other occu-pation. Truly they ought to get down on their knees and thank these would-be lords of creation that they allow them to live at all, or even take a walk on Sunday to get a mouthful of fresh air! JOHN QUINN. Sunday Idleness. A COUPLE of weeks ago a lecturer named Wilder addressed the people of Summerville in opposition to the movement now on foot to exact a forced observance of Sunday by means of the laws of the United States. That any number of American citizens have become sufficiently alarmed to put lecturers into the field to resist this church movement against individual liberty, proves that the danger is not so imaginary as one might think. That there are lecturers in, the field is sufficient to awaken the vigilance of all thoughtful citizens. After some investigation it may be taken as correct that Washington is the only portion of the United States where Sunday idleness is not enjoined. The Legis-latures of other States and Territories have on their statute-books laws calculated to enforce idleness on Sunday, and the courts of last resort in the great majority of cases have sustained their constitutionality. It may be conceded that these acts of the Legislatures and the construction given by the courts are responsive to the senti-ments of the vast body of American citizens. The reasons for this condition of affairs may be divided, like Gaul, into three parts. The first class consists of those who regard Sunday laws as sanctions of the institution of the Christian religion, and that such laws enable many Christians to enjoy Christian privileges and pre-vent others from interfering with them. The second class holds that the individual is the subject of the law's concern, and that his spiritual welfare is promoted. The third class take the position that it is for the citizen's bodily benefit that a day of rest is established. Sunday laws are very peculiar laws, to say the best of them. They are the only laws known in the United States directed against "sin" and not against a "crime." The courts in enforcing these regulations are concerned not so much with the statutory prohibition as with the religious duty of the citizen. If industry is a commendable virtue, and idleness a vice repri-manded by holy writ itself, and despised by the useful and energetic American, idleness should never be encouraged, or, at least, not become a subject of legal enactment. The compulsion of idleness on Sunday, from a historical point of view, is a comparatively new thing under the sun. The institution of the "American Sunday" was unknown until about two hundred years ago, and is unknown now to all other Christian and civil-ized or uncivilized nations except the British Em-pire and the United States of America. Crom-well and his followers were the founders of the modern legislation. By means of the fourth commandment taken from the Jews, they trans-ferred the Sabbath from Saturday to Sunday. The Jews had a Sabbath-day's journey. The Puritans converted Sunday into a day of gloom and solemn inspection, and tried to compel all others to conform to their pet notions and self-righteous rules. It is not as surprising to see British subjects, who adhere to the doctrine of the divine right of kings, giving their assent to unauthorized Sunday legislation, but that pliant, if not hypocritical, Legislatures in America should hang such a superstitious regulation around the necks of free Americans, is difficult to under-stand. Let such a union of State and Church be severed, and let no unnatural legislation at least be enacted in such cases.ŠSummerville (Or-egon) Annotator, Sept. 6, 1889. 