134 AMERICAN SENTINEL. common pit by the hands of the village sweepers. One sepoy was too much wounded to be shot and was sent to Lahore along with 41 subsequent captives, where they were all blown from cannon. The assembled natives, says Mr. Cooper, expected to see the women and children thrown into the pit, and because this was not done `marveled at the clemency and the justice of the British.' "Mr. Cooper's superiors approved his acts. Sir John Lawrence informed him that he had acted with energy and spirit and deserved well of the State. The judicial commissioner was more enthusiastic. 'My dear Cooper: * * It will be a feather in your cap as long as you 'live.' You will have abundant money to reward all, and the (executioners) Sikhs should have a good round sum given to them.' You have had slaughter enough. We want a few for the troops here (to be blown from can-non), and also for evidence.' " In justification of this it may be said that it was necessary. But for what was it necessary? "To main-tain British dominion in India," it will be answered. That may be true enough; but for that very reasonŠbe-cause such horrors are necessary to the maintenance of Anglo-Saxon sovereignty over the peopleŠis it not evi-dent that humanity forbids such sovereignty? If to this it is replied that without that sovereignty the people would fight and massacre each other, the answer still is, that this does not excuse such deeds on the part of the governing race. If two men are fighting with intent to murder each other, this does not justify a third person in murdering one of them himself to prevent his murder-ing or being murdered by, the other. "We belong to the race that has governed India;" that is true. But let us learn from the fact the lesson that it teaches, from a moral standpoint,Ša lesson that will caution rather than stimulate us in considering a career of conquest. Fallen Protestantism. BY JOHN MCCARTHY. To PROVE how great has been the fall of Protestant-ism, we shall quote from the writings of celebrated the-ologians in the Protestant world; since many of the optimistic class may count us as wing awfully pessimis-tic in our views, and reject the statements made as being full of prejudice, unsavory to the taste, and discordant to the ear of the modern Protestant. Dr. A. de Moss, writing in the Christian Standard, in Aug. 13, 1893, said, "The saddest of allithings is, that the church of Christ has stultified itself, and taken one step backward towards Romanism."4Again in:the Lu-theran Observer, February, 1893, Professor Richards presented some startling facts from the writings of Doc-tor Stoecker, of Germany, who, writing of the progress of Catholicism in that country, says, "We can only op-pose Rome with a better faith, which faith is not the 'liberal Protestantism,' nor a mish-mash of the liberal  and positive; but the biblical, confessional faith of our church. We have the advantage of Rome in biblical truth, but we do not guard it. Professors and pastors, synods and church elders renounce the Bible, and deny the foundation of Christianity, the essential divinity of Christ; and still the church authorities are silent." Is this a false accusation against Protestantism? Every truly honest-minded person must admit the ver7  acity of this statement. Error, like a cancer, is gnawing away the very life of Protestantism; and the great ma-jority of "Protestants" seem to be unconscious of the fact. Ministers of different denominations have accepted "new theologies," and have joined the mighty army of "higher critics;" they are ashamed of the "old time gos-pel" handed down to us generation after generation; some deny the divinity of Christ; others question the in-spiration of Revelation; others regard as a first-class fable the fall of man; some with an assumed philosophi-cal t urn of mind, in a most authoritative and hypercrit-ical tone, declare that the prophecies of Daniel are on a par with the "Arabian Nights;" while many who en-roll themselves as benefactors of the human race view with especial horror the circulation of the Bible, since they maintain that the books of Moses must have a pestilential and immoral influence wherever they are disseminated; and with sanctimonious gestures they de-mand the exclusion of said books from the sacred records. To prove how pusillanimous the Protestant church ie to-day, we shall quote from theArena, of Boston, June, 1893. It said: "The ministry of to-day in all great metropolitan centres, have so lost their power over the people, that they can no longer fill the pews. I received a letter from a leading orthodox minister of Boston, which contains the following frank, but mournful con-fession:Š " The churches have all they can do to keep alive. They have- no religion to spare. There is scarcely a church where religious truth is the central attraction. We ministers must conjure by the social principle, by amusing or lecturing to the audience in an engaging manner, or we have empty pews. Look at the topics we advertise.' " From another paper from Oakland, we clip the fol-lowing: "The pastors of this city are seemingly afraid that preaching Christ will not draw the people. On Sun-day, the 5th, one of them preached Blaine, one preached Gough, another preached an ex-mayor of the city. A few weeks ago most of them preached Philips Brooks. The subjects of all these sermons are dead. When min-isters of the popular churches get through preaching a living Christ, we may well conclude that 'Babylon is fallen.'" The great Teacher said, "And I, if I be lifted up will draw all men unto me." Again the divine Book states that "there is none other name given under heaven among men, whereby we must be saved." Jesus only should be the theme of our preachers. But alas, it is not 