182 AMERICAN SENTINEL. °should, deal with adultery as a crime, where it consti-tutes an invasion of human rights. In this, as in all other matters, the state is bound to protect the rights of its citizens, and enact and enforce such measures as will best secure this end. But with adultery in the broad, scriptural sense, the state is powerless to deal and can accomplish no good by the attempt. Neither can the state make men moral by laws against this sin. This is amply demonstrated by ex- perience. The church, instead of asking the state for aid against it, should deal more rigidly with it in her own discipline. This is the suggestion the Sun makes in the matter. It says:Š "The church, however, here and everywhere else, has the power to punish adultery in its own members with ecclesiastical penalties, with which the state does not interfere, and as the offense is a 'sin' in its view it can proceed against it accordingly without any secular assistance. The Roman Catholic Church:has no -trouble in the matter and why should the Episcopal Church or any other be in worse case? When, for in--stance, a divorce is obtained in violation of the Epis-copal canon and the parties or either of them marry new mates they are living in virtual adultery in its:view and it is really such instances which have provoked the introduction of the bill in the New York Legislature; yet the church itself has full power to deal with these `sinners' if it is so disposed. If, practically, the church law against them is largely a dead letter, what reason is there to suppose that the civil law would do: any better? Actually, as we have said, the criminal punish-ment of adultery is so rare in the States which make it indictable, that their laws against it amount to noth-ing. Moral and social and religious law and sentiment only can administer the preventive punishment." Union of Church and State in the Argentine Republic. BY JOHN MCCARTHY. ONE has but hastily to glance over the pages of history to see the disastrous consequences of the illegit-imate union of the church with the state. Wherever such a 3ond Rion of things has existed, there we may be positively sure of finding in the judicialfor ecclesiastical annAls, records of base injustice, religious persecutions, -or continuous boycotting of the minority who happened to differ in matters of religion from the majority. The Argentine Republic is no exception to this rule. There, the form of government is based on the same principle as that of the United States; each State being permitted to have its own legislative halls and pass its own laws. Unhappily, for the best interests of the in-habitants, there exists here an acknowledged union be-tween the state and the Roman Catholic Church. Recently, in one of the Argentine states,ŠSantiago del Estero, the provincial legislaturehas passed a law,  which compels all the officials employed by the state, to be present at the religious ceremonies performed in the Catholic Churches, upon all the national feast days, and obliging dissentients to forfeit one half of their monthly remuneration for each failure to comply with this stat-ute. No reasonable person can fail to see the injustice of such a statute; since the holders of government posi-tions are not allowed to think and act for themselves in qtters of conscience, but must hold themselves in sub-oru,... Won to the religious dictates of the state. In the United States, our friends the National Re-, formers, would call this an invasion of natural rights, a usurpation of God-given privileges. And such indeed is the truth. But what is the difference mayl ask, between the pretensions of the Catholic Church and those of the National Reformers? Really there is no difference. The Catholic Church compels the observance of her feasts, but goes a step further, by obliging her adherents and others to be religiousŠat least for one hour on certain feast days, while the National Reformers would content themselves with enforcing an exterior observance of the feast days which they decide upon as necessary. But the position of both parties are essentially similar. The consequences of applying such coercive measures in matters of religion, which deprive man of the right to worship God according to the dictates of his own conscience, are disastrous to the moralcondition of any community. The enforcement of such statutes can have but one result, viz., to convert the timorous dissentient into a hypocrite, by compelling him to conform out-wardly to the adopted views of the majority, or the persecution of these who are too conscientious to bar-ter their conscience to the demands of every fanatical throng that may present itself. No man has the right to demand obedience in mat-ters of doctrine from another. Every man has the per-fect right to do as he may wish, so long as he does not infringe the equal rights of his neighbor. God has given man the right to choose to worship him as he may de-sire, and not as a majority may adjudge; or to refuse absolutely to worship the Creator at all. And immedi-ately any person or power steps in to hinder the free exercise of this right, such person or power is guilty of stealing the divine prerogative by constituting itself the supreme judge of the domain of conscience. Where such a condition of things can happen, a union of church and state, does really, if not nominally, exist. The sad results of the past should help us to en-grave upon our memories, with indelible letters, the words of that noble-hearted, disinterested man, General Grant, who in the hitter end of his days, implored his fellow-citizens "to keep the church and state forever sep-arate." "Do unto others as you would they should do unto you," is the rule of every true Christian. Buenos Ayres, Argentina. 