AMERICAN SENTINEL. 539 The Holy Spirit is of the light, and there is no dark-ness in him, but God says any one who speaks contrary to the word of the law does it because there is no light in him. It must be plain that even the word or the letter of that law must be truth; for if such were not the case then the wording of the law would be false and misleading. Therefore whatever true knowledge one might have of the law, it can never be contrary to the wording of the law. Therefore we may know that any spirit that would teach contrary to what the law says is not the Holy Spirit. From this it is not hard to see what spirit it is that teaches that Sunday is the Sabbath day. The fourth commandment, the only one that has anything to say with reference to the matter of the Sab-bath, says in the plainest way, so plainly that the dul-lest mind can comprehend it, that "the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." That is the truth; therefore whatever the Holy Spirit would teach us con-cerning the nature of the Sabbath, he could never teach anything contrary to that statementŠ"the seventh day is the Sabbath." If he did he would not be the "Spirit of Truth." But everybody knows that Sunday is not the sev enth day. All know that it is the first day of the week. What then becomes of the claim of the Catholic Church that it clanged the Sabbath from the seventh day to the first day of the week under the direction of the Holy Spirit. It is a false claim in every particular, and proves conclusively that the spirit by which it sought to effect the change was not the Holy Spirit. Clearly then, not being the work of the Holy Spirit, it must have been the work of the spirit of antichrist. But ascribing the work of the spirit of antichrist as being that of the Holy Spirit is nothing short of blas phemy against the Holy Ghost (see Matt. 12:22-32), and therefore stamps the papacy as the "man of sin." 2 Thess. 2:3, 4. Stopping Ritualism By Act of Parliament. "Present Truth" (London, Eng.) THE Bishop of Liverpool, in reply to an appeal to him to stop the Romish practices in one of the Liverpool churches, said You cannot dislike ritualism more than I do; but you are mistaken in supposing that I have power to put a stop to it. Parliament has much power to stop it, but a bishop has very little." Upon this the Christian makes the following com-ment:Š " The assertion of popular right to a hand in the government of the church would be but a return to apos-tolic usage and custom. For many centuries, as there are clear proofs. laymen exercised a determining voice in the ecclesiastical councils of their day. It was only very  gradually, and for reap ns that are easily noted, that the priest grew paramount. When his authority was finally established the day of decline began in the church, which did not wake to its sad condition till, at the Reformation, the voice of the people once more began to make itself heard. In every age and land since then the church has been healthy and progressive in proportion as it has been governed openly by the 'assembly of the saints.' If at the present crisis the members of the Church of England make an effective protest against Romanizing doctrine and practice, the knell of these things will be speedily soundedŠbut not till then." Without any disparagement whatever to Parlia-ment, we must say that it sounds decidedly amusing to hear that body referred to as an "assembly of the saints." It is composed of men of every shade f re-ligious belief, and of men who repudiate religion of any kind; yet it is the body that has control of the Church of England! Worst of all, the bishops of the church seem not to feel the humiliation of the thing in the least. When will they learn that Christ alone has control of his own body, and that to say that any.body of lawmakers has power to control a church, is to say that it is not the church of Christ? This is not to say, however, that many of the members of such a State-controlled church may not be members of the church of Christ. His body is not shaped by lines and compasses in the hands of men, and takes no note of the limits of ecclesiastical organizations. Suppose that Parliament should "put a stop" to ritualism in the Church of England? What of it? The evil would still remain untouched. You cannot cure a miser's covetousness by stealing his money from him, neither can you cure a woman's pride by pulling the feathers from her bonnet, or the rings from her fingers. No more can a bad tree be made good by plucking off its fruit. All these efforts to "reform" the church by force, whether made by zealous individuals on their own ac-count, or by Parliament, exhibit a most deplorable lack of knowledge of what constitutes real godliness. if the tree be corrupt, the fruit cannot possibly be good. The Word of God abiding in the heart is the only thing that effects a reformation. "Preach the Word !" That is the only remedy for evils of every kind. "But they won't all accept the truth of the gospel," will be said. No, they will not, and when they do not, nothing can be gained by trying to force them to act as though they did. When the idea that men can be converted by wholesale is given up, and men are content with the results that come from preaching the Word, and from dealing with men as individuals, and not as societies, leaving each man to stand or fall to his own Master, then will there be a return to apostolic usage and cus-tomŠand not till then. "A WRONG is not right because it is gray-headed, nor clean because it has been baptized." 