House at 702 Market Street, Philadelphia, in Which the Declaration of Independence Was Written. Ł Ł Ł I II if II (i :_,Ł,,ŁŁŁ Ł Ł - " "'" JULY 2, 1896. A,M1RALt1 CAN SIETcrIVIINTIEL, essary six days in the week they certainly cannot become harmful upon one day by rea-son of anything of which the legislature can take cognizance. Some of the remarks made by Justice Craig in passing seem very favorable to general Sunday legislation, but common sense forbids such an interpretation of his language. The court holds that the workingman's labor is his capital, and asks: " Can a law which takes that from a laborer be sustained?" The ques-tion admits of only a negative reply; and it is obvious that the case would not be made better by making the law broad enough to deprive all laborers in the State of one-seventh of their capital instead of taking it from a certain class only. It is a well-established prin-ciple of constitutional law that no one can be deprived of property without compensa-tion. A man's time being property the State has no right to deprive him of any portion of it unless the public service requires it, and even then a man's time can no more be taken from him without compensation than could his land or his money. The fact is, that under this decision the State of Illinois cannot maintain any Sunday statute prohibiting ei-ther labor or business on that day, but only such laws as may be necessary to protect "the peace and good order of society," which in the  Ł  WILL IT SATISFY ANYBODY ? MAY 28, the following bill was introduced in the Senate by Mr. Kyle, by request, was read twice and referred to the Committee on the District of Columbia:Š A BILL To regulate labor and business on Sunday in the District of Columbia. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the heads of Government Departments or bureaus, the courts of justice, and the board of trustees of common schools in Washington shall not, except as hereinafter pro-vided, require subordinate officers or employds to perform work on or during Sunday : Provided however, That noth-ing herein contained shall apply to the Executive Depart-ment, the Capitol, the Naval Yard, the Weather Bureau, the Metropolitan Police, or the employbs about the courts, the police stations, the jail, or the District buildings. Sec. 2. That it shall not be lawful for any person to keep open on Sunday any place of business for the transaction of business in which money is received, except restaurants, apothecaries, physicians, bakers, undertakers, venders of milk, venders of ice, venders of fruit or other perishable mer-chandise, venders of soda water, ice cream, or refreshments other than intoxicants, publishers and venders of news-papers, telegraph and telephone operators, street-car, rail-road, steamboat, herdic, and omnibus companies, hotels and boarding-house keepers, and salaried preachers, janitors, liv-ery-stable keepers, and other persons whose business contrib-utes to the comfort or instruction of the public and is not of such a nature as to disturb public assemblies or the peace or good order of the community. Sec. 3. That public assemblies of any kind held on Sun- day shall be conducted in a quiet and orderly manner, so as not to interfere with the peace of residents in their neighbor-hood. Sec. 4. That no church bells shall be rung before eight o'clock antemeridian, or after seven o'clock postmeridian; and no bell shall be rung more than two minutes at a time or oftener than every half hour. Sec. 5. That the Congressional Library, National Mu-seum, Smithsonian Institution, Monument, and Capitol shall be kept open on Sundays, from nine o'clock in the fore-noon to four o'clock in the afternoon, for the accommodation of the public. Sec. 6. That the penalty for the willful violation of any of the provisions of this Act shall be a fine not exceeding twenty dollars or imprisonment not exceeding ten days, at the discretion of the court; but it shall be a sufficient defense to a prosecution for labor on Sunday that the de-fendant usually keeps another day of the week as a day of rest. Sec. 7. That all acts and parts of acts inconsistent with this Act are hereby repealed. This bill is a curious illustration of the universality of the idea that there must be some legislation concerning Sunday. It re-minds one of the story of the boys in a sink-ing boat. They could neither pray nor sing, so one of them, remarking that " something religions has got to be done," proceeded to take up a collection! Ł An unwholesome sentiment eleneamib some-thing religious of the government, and so divers Sunday bills are proposed. This, the latest one introduced, would be about as harmless as any such " law " could be, so far as interfering with anybody is concerned; but it violates the principle just as much as though it were an ironclad National Reform measure. SOUTH AFRICAN CORRESPONDENCE. BY G. B. THOMPSON. THE South African Republic, or Transvaal, is governed by the Dutch, the larger part of whom are supposed to be descendants of the Huguenot refugees who landed in Cape Colony in A. D. 1688, and afterwards emi-grated across the Vaal River, and thus laid the foundation of what is now the Transvaal. The legislative power is vested in two chambers, called the Volksraad (from volks, people, and raad, advice, or counsel). The members of both chambers are elected by the  people. The following qualifications for office are required:Š The qualifications of a member of the First Cham-ber are that he must be thirty years of age, and that he must either have been born in the country or have been a qualified voter for fifteen consecutive years. He must, furthermore, be a member of a Protestant church, a resident in the country, and in possession of fixed property within its limits. No person of an openly bad character, or one who has been sentenced for some criminal offense, or an rehabilitated insolvent, or persons being to each other in the relationship of father and son, or stepson or colored persons, or bastards, or officials receiving salary, are allowed to take a seat in the Volksraad. ŠThe Transvaal, by John De Villiers, p. 16. Unbelievers and Catholics are thus excluded from a voice in the law-making assembly; also persons of color. Religion is a qualifica-tion for office. This is very different to the stipulations of the American Constitution; and much might be said concerning the in-iquity and injustice of such requirements. With such legislators, and a strict Sunday law, such as already exists, the country is one on which the most puritanical National Reformer can look and exclaim, Thou art a child after my own heart! It is a Christian government, according to National Ref orm Christianity. Yet, what do we find ? Many of the inhabitants, think- ing that their lives were in danger from revolu-tionary strife in Jo-hannesburg, fled at the beginning of this year from the country. The country for months has been seemingly on the point of war, and every preparation for the prob- able conflict has been made. At the present time about three-score of the leading citizens are in the jail of the capital under sentences of imprisonment for the crime of treason in a greater or less degree. Rumors are everywhere rife of corruption, both State and municipal. Boodlers abound, and capital rules the same as in other places; prosti-tution flourishes, and poverty and wretchedness abound the same as in other lands. The Volksraad is now in session, and some steps are contemplated toward a more strict censorship of the press. A new press law has been published in the Staats Courant which is to be laid before the present session of the Volksraad. One article of this contemplated law reads as follows:Š The State president has at all times the right (with the advice and consent of the Executive Council) to prohibit entirely or temporarily the dissemination of publications printed outside the republic, the contents of which, are, in his opinion, contrary. to good morals or dangerous to peace and order in the republic. It is through some such imperial ukase as this that the Herold der Wahrheit a paper pub-lished in Hamburg, Germany, and devoted entirely to the teaching of Bible truth as understood by its managers, and which takes no sides whatever in political questions, has been proscribed in Russia. What was taught in the paper did not coincide with the " opinions" of the law-making power of the government, and was, therefore, deemed to be against the best interests of the State, and inimical to peace; so it was prohibited. very nature of the case could not be disturbed by ordinary employments on Sunday followed in a quiet and orderly man-ner. It is safe to say that for the present, Il-linois is safe from the inroads of Sunday "law" fanaticism. But be it remembered that " eter-nal vigilance is the price of liberty." 