65-2 AMERICAN SENTINEL. gle scripture authorizing the sanctification of Sunday;" while, on the other hand, the Bible is as explicit as it can be that "the seventh day is the Sabbath." If one Bible truth can be set aside, and something else ordained of man, take its place, why may not all other Bible truths be similarly treated? There is no rea-son under the sun why they should not be. And why, as illustrated above, is it that Protestants take shelter behind the Sunday, when they are unable to prove by Scripture any other practice they may be fol-lowing, when there are other errors behind which they could dodge? It is simply because the foundationŠthe very cornerstoneŠthe tap root of the whole system of errorsŠis the Sunday; and therefore they say that "Sun-day is the test of all religion." Patriotism's Best Gifts. BY EDGAR KELSEY. "THE influence of an upright life is patriotism's best gift to the nation." If we heartily indorse the foregoing quotation from the AMERICAN SENTINEL, we cannot expect to find the greatest patriots among those whose names have become household words because of their valor with carnal weapons; for the bravest heroes and most worthy pa-triots of a country, who are often among its very hum-ble inhabitants, will not wield these implements of de-struction. The SENTINEL'S statement being correct, the conduct of every-day life is evidently the best test of loyalty in the privileges and duties of patriotism. Up-rightness, however, in its broadest, fullest sense, com-prehends more, than a man can possess unaided by divine grace. There is but one way to secure the attainment of an upright life, and that is through Christ. Surrounded as we are in this world with the increasing perils of wicked-ness, a spotless character is not a prize that can be gained without a struggle; so the quest for purity af-fords abundant opportunity for valor. If we suffer with Christ, we shall also be "glorified together" with him. The patriot who is truly loyal to every principle of right scorns the use of carnal weapons. Clad in "the whole armor of God," with the "Sword of the Spirit" as his effective weapon, the Christian soldier, who battles against sin while he seeks to save the sinner, will make far greater conquests for his country's good than could ever be possible in the brutal strife of carnal warfare. True patriotism would forever stop the awful waste of war, and insure continual peace to every nation. It does not need the cannon's blast to arouse it to activity. And as to its sincerity, faithfulness in the little things of common experience is sufficient proof of its real devo-tion to God, and home, and native land. Under its vigilance and fostering care the moral, social, and political problems which now cause so much dis- cord and unhappiness among men would find easy solution; for the benevolent impulses of generous cit-izenship would remove the countless difficulties which selfish propensities-impose, and equity would be the sure-remedy for all of the sorrow caused by unjust divisions of the pleasures and bounties which were intended to be equally shared as heaven's beneficence to all mankind. From an ordinary point of view, patriotism does not mean so much as this. Its significance has been lowered to accommodate it to the conception we have formed from the standpoint of human imperfection. Hence, under human rule, there is no reliable safe-guard to national peace and prosperity; and there can. be  no national salvation, for there is no Christian nation. The distress and perplexity of nations presents a sad pic-ture of the general departure from the fundamental prin-ciples of perfect government; this departure will eventu-ally bring the downfall of all earthly powers. Nothing less than perfect government can meet the ideal Of true patriotism. The true patriot must therefore be a Chris-tian, as already intimated, for it is only as he cherishes the Christian's hope that he can ever expect to see a fulfillment of his ideal. Purity of heart and character, our uniform as soldiers of Christ, should be carefully pre-served with all of its spotless lustre, so that, as "the salt of the earth," our personal influence, as well as our skill with the "Sword of the Spirit," will be a saving power among men as long as the wrath of God is with-held from earthly governments. Allegiance to the King of kings is always the volun-tary service of enlightened patriotism. Loyalty, in the light of all that it really embraces, calls for a universal recognition of this truth, yet this kind of patriotism is not as popular as it should be. We can render every tribute to the rulers of this world that is in harmony with our obligations to God, but worldly standards are so fallible that a true conception of Patriotism makes it impossible for one to acknowledge unconditional allegi-ance to any temporal form of government. Christian citi-zenship, therefore, not as a political power, as many choose to make it, but as a spiritual power exercised wholly within its legitimate sphere, is the only qualification that will enable one to offer the influence of an upright life as a pa-triot's best gift to the nation. As far as an'active, con-sistent purpose to exert the best influence for the general welfare of our fellow men constitutes good citizenship, full submission to the King of kings and Lord of lords will necessarily make us good citizens and true patriots of any country. With such patriotism every home would be a realm of peace, and every land a land of liberty. What a wonderful transformation it will be, and what joy it will be to the redeemed, the victorious patriots of God, when earthly powers really give place to the theocracy of heaven, a "Christian nation" in deed and in truth ! BY creation, all men have equal rights. 