84 AMERICAN SENTINEL. church party assembled a congress and declared their desire that Maximilian should be emperor of Mexico. The latter replied that be "believed be bad been called of God for the post," and with his wife set out for his new seat of authority. Proceeding to Rome they re-ceived instructions from the pope, and the papal bless-ing; thence they went to Vera Cruz, where the church party and the French soldiers received them with great demonstrations of honor. The new emperor soon found that the republic was not extinguished, as he had supposed. A few months later, the United States, having sup-pressed the southern confederacy, demanded of France the withdrawal of her troops from Mexico, and France was forced to comply. Maximilian's power at once began to decline. His troops were defeated in the field,  and in May, 1867, he was taken prisoner and shortly afterwards put to death. Since that time several efforts have been made by the church party to recover from this overthrow, but all have miserably failed; and Mexico meanwhile has been advancing steadily in the pathway of national progress and prosperity. THE PARALLEL. The parallel between the conditions which gave rise to the struggle for freedom in Mexico, and the condi-tions from which the Filipinos have been long strug-gling to be freeŠbut have finally failedŠwe give in Mr. Sobieski's own words:Š, "The condition in Mexico in 1858, has its parallel of condition of things in the Philippine Islands, especially in the island of Luzon. The Catholic Church, or more properly speaking, the priesthood and friars, have ac-quired from two-thirds to three-fourths of all the valu-able real estate of the island. It is well remembered as it has been stated by every writer and by General Mer-ritt, of the United States Army, that the rebellion in the Philippine Islands against Spain was more a rebel-lion against the monks and clergy than against the sovereignty of Spain. Indeed, the people of that island did not know much about the government of Spain. The church ruled it; they levied their taxes upon theŁ  people of that island and collected them, and it formed more than 80 per cent. of the taxes which that people had to pay. Then, in addition to this, being simply renters, they merely eked out an existence, and that was all, and could not have done that had it not been that it was a tropical climate where so little was required on which to subsist. "The great aim of their uprising was to accomplish what had been accomplished in Mexico; to confiscate the real estate and turn it over to the government that would pass it out to the people. That property had not been acquired by the monks by purchase, but by confiscation. Whenever a man had a desirable planta- tion, they would trump up some charge against him, have him arrested, and, without investigation, shot; and the property was turned over to the monks. It was in this way, principally, that they had acquired their possessions. "When the commissioners met at Paris, to ,make peace between this country and Spain, it will be remem-bered that the Philippine government, of which Agui-naldo was the head, appointed a commissioner to ap-pear before that body and state their grievances, but the commissioners refused to listen to them, or in any way receive him. "About this time, Archbishop Ireland, as the daily press informs us, had an interview with President Mc-Kinley, and it was there agreed that the property rights of the church or monks, should not be interfered with. Accordingly, a clause was put into the treaty that all the property rights that existed under Spain would be accordingly respected by the American Government. So the people of the Philippine Islands found that prac-tically everything they had fought for against Spain would be lost if the American Government's supremacy was maintained. So to them it was only 'a question of slavery or death, and they preferred the latter. "So this Government, by the treaty at Paris, put themselves in the same position that the Catholic Church party of Mexico occupied in 1858, and for which the Catholic powers invaded Mexico in 1861." A Question of "Simple Justice." The Independent, which has all along supported the present national policy of foreign conquest, nowŠin view of certain developments in CongressŠraises the significant inquiry, "Shall simple justice be done to Porto Rico?" "Congress," it says, "is asked, by papers and persons of influence, to say to the Porto Ricans, in effect:Š `The blessings which we enjoy as a nation are not for you; they are peculiar to us. United States laws and liberties and privileges are solely for the people of the United States, and when we say 'United States' we mean continental United States. We dare not extend the Constitution and laws of this definitely bounded Continental area over any neighboring territory which is not contiguous and geographically a part of the solid earth of States and Territories. We must not cross a sea, however narrow, with our sacred Constitution and laws. They will not bear transportation. We may not carry them to Alaska or Hawaii. We dread the effect of the intervening sea upon them. We are tied to the mainland. If Manitoba were offered now,we would even be afraid of the great lakes. We must be careful, very careful', because what we do in Porto RicO will be a pre-cedent for Hawaii, and worse still for the Philippines.'" "What," The Independent proceeds to inquire, "is the specter which these fearful souls see and shudder over as they look across the West India ferry, and the Alaskan and Hawaiian? Statehood, they say. When they come down to the ocean and see the islands mar-shaling as Territories for the peaceful honors of State-hood, they are choked with spasms of a sort of hydro-phobia. The sight of the water is too much for them, and they turn to Congress and say: 'This i.E; a terrible thing. Don't make a dangerous precedent! Don't let 