104 AMERICA_1\T SENTINI71, sequent to the constitution's adoption. So that, if there be a command of Deity recorded anywhere outside of the constitution that a Sunday law with certain provisions shall be enacted, yet this will not render its enactment a legitimate exercise of legislative power, unless it be so under the constitution. And, conversely, though there should be produced from some source an express com-mand of Deity that no Sunday law shall be enacted, yet this will not render its enactment an illegitimate exercise of legislative{ power, unless it be so under the constitu-tion. So that the commands of Deity have nothing what-ever to do with the question of the constitutionality of a statute, except so far as those commands may be embod-ied in the constitution. And when embodied therein, so far as the courts are concerned, they derive all their sanc-tion and force from their embodiment, and no sanction or force whatever from the fact that they are commands of Deity. The prejudice produced by the influence of Brownism that there is a special connection between a Sunday law and a divine command, blinds a judge as fatally to his own position and functions as it does to the position and functions of the legislature. He comes to look upon himself as in soma sort the upholder, the expounder, and the enforcer of a divine command when this statute is before him, instead of regarding himself in his true light, as part of a machine constructed by human agency for human purposes alone, and like the governor of the steam engine, having for his special duty the see-ing to it that the other parts operate in a regular and orderly manner according to'the law of their being. He begins to feel that Deity, instead of the constitution, is the author of his official being, to imagine that he has,  as judge, a "mission" from "on high," instead of a mere commission from the governor or the people. And for him to falter in such a character, to look beyond this inspiration for guidance, seems like "kicking against the pricks." And in his case, as in that of the legislator, all this implies a confusion of his personal and his official duty,  and he ceases, in fact, to be a judge. Supposed he is fully persuaded in his own mind that there is a divine command that men should not work on Sunday. It by no means follows that such a belief will justify him in sustaining the constitutionality of aŁ law compelling everybody to be idle on Sunday. The old Hebrew judges decided the guilt or innocence of a party arraigned before them on the charge of violating the fourth commandment, without any reference to its valid-ity, because, like all the rest of the law which they admin-istered, it came from a source unquestioned and unques-tionable. That it was a command of Deity which it was their duty to enforce, was a point not to be mooted. It is otherwise with an American judge. He has no command-ments' to enforce. He deals with statutes. The statutes with which he deals do not begin, "Thus saith the Lord;"  they begin with some such phrase as, "Be it enacted by the General Assembly," etc. And the very first question that he has to consider in dealing with a statute is, Had the General Assembly authority to enact it? And if he permits himself to decide this question with reference to any command of Deity, real or assumed, or with reference to anything whatsoever but the constitution which cre-ated the Assembly, and has defined and limited its sphere of action, then he is deciding a judicial question in a non-judicial frame of mind. Ł His judicial oath included, his position justifies, no such performance. His oath is to support the constitu-tion. If he does not support everything in that consti-tution, and refuse to support anything outside of it, in his judicial capacity, utterly irrespective of his personal views of what is or is not a command of Deity, then he breaks his judicial oath. If he findsthat compliance with his oath forces him to violate a divinecommand, he may of course, resign; but he cannot act judicially on the bench and break his oath. Even if there were an express command, "Thou shalt sustain the constitutionality of a Sunday law," no judge of ours could appeal to it as binding on his official ac-tion. To do so is at once to decide or judge purely reli-gious questionsŠthe question as to the verity of the command, the question to whom is it addressed, the question of the kind of Sunday law which might be re-ferred to, etc., etc. And a judge who undertakes to de-cide such questions is setting up the union of Church and State at once; and when he sustains a statute as the result of his conclusions on these points, he is giving effect to a law that grants a preference to one religion over another. And it may be added that to decide such questions is as impossible as it is illegitimate, for our judges. They have no means whatever of ascertaining what is the will of Deity, nor where it is recorded. They cannot decide for the Jew against the Mahometan that it is recorded in the PentateuchŠor Hexateuch, in modern parlance. They cannot decide for the Christian against the Jew that it is recorded in the New Testament as well as in the Old Testament of the King James version. They cannot decide for the Roman Catholic against the Lutheran that it may be found in the "Apocrypha" as well as in the Testaments recognized by Protestants. Nor, assuming that a certain mandate, couched in- human language, could be ruled by the courts to be an expression of the will of Deity, would it be possible for them to authori-tatively interpret that mandate when its meaning and application should be disputed; and it is hard to im-agine a mandate couched in human language over which such a dispute might not arise. It will not do, then, for an American judge, any more than an American legislator, to imagine that in his official character he is "an instrument in the hands of Providence." It will not do for him to be influenced in his official action by his private notions of what men ought or ought not to do. He may think it is the will 