222 AMERICAN SENTINEL. prove its sacredness, are all examined carefully. "The New Testament Example for the Seventh Day;" "Which Day is the Seventh or Sabbath?" and "The Word Sabbath in the New Testament," all receive consideration. It is fully illustrated, and contains sixteen pages. $1.00 per 100. Rome's Arraignment of Sabbath-breakers. B. S. L., No. 150. By "Father" O'Keefe, editor Catholic Mirror, of Baltimore, in reply to seven ser-mons from as many ministers of that city, demand-ing stricter Sunday observance. $1.00 per 100. The Seventh or One-seventh. A. G. L., No. 39. An illustrated treatise showing the demand for a defi-nite seventh day. 50 cents per 100. Historical Facts and Incidents. A. G. L., No. 45. Relative to the Sunday and the Sabbath, illus-trated with photo reproductions from books pub-lished in 1635 and 1636. A history of the Sabbath in a nutshell. $2.00 per 100. Day of the Sabbath. A. G. L., No. 50. A series of earnest questions on the Sabbath, covering most of its Scripture phases. It is calculated to convince without prejudicing. $1.00 per 100. The Three Sabbaths. A. G. L., No. 58. The Lord's Sabbath, The Jewish Sabbath, The Papal Sabbath. Though the subject is a familiar one, the treatment of it is remarkably terse and refreshing. You will enjoy reading it, and will receive an inspira-tion therefrom. 50 cents per 100. ALI10.ST A WOMAN.---pww--- Every mother should prepare her daughter for the changes that accompany development into wom-anhood. Many mothers do not know how best to give this instruction. They neglect this duty; in-validism for the daughter is too often the result. "Almost a Woman" gives this necessary instruc-tion, inthe form of a mother's talk with her daughter. Read what a few have said about it :Š "Your little book, `Almost a Woman,' can hardly fail to meet with a warm welcome from puzzled teachers and parents, and to be of great value to thousands of young girls."ŠMay H. Prentice, Training Teacher Cleveland Normal School. "My satisfaction with this little book increased with every page. It is just what young girls need, and supplies a want long felt by mothers, the presentation, in well-chosen language. of what girls ought to know, but which mothers find difficulty in telling."ŠAbby Mortor Diatz, Woman's Educational and Industrial Union, Boston, Mass. "I received your little booklet, `Almost a Woman,' and upon read-ing it was delighted with the subject matter, and the manner in which it was handled. I placed it in the hands of my daughters, eleven and thirteen years of age, and am sure it will be of the greatest benefit to them for many years to come. I wouldn't have had them fail to receive this information for many dollars. Please accept my greatest thanks for the book, and my gratitude as a mother of girls that you were in-spired to write this book."ŠMinnie B. Horning, Nat'l Supt. Press Dept. W. C. T. U., Chicago, Ill. Price, postpaid, 25 cents. Pacific Press Publishing Co., 39 Bond Street, New York. Oakland, Cal. Kansas City, Mo. ALMOST A MAN.ŠIppir'' A frank talk to a boy who was "almost a man," and the good it did him. As it is in story form, every boy will read it, and be the better for it, as was to the boy in the story. It is intended to help mothers and teachers in the delicate task of teaching the lad con-cerning himself, purely, yet with scientific accuracy. " I find it invaluable in my work among students."ŠMargaret Hamilton, Shaw University, Raleigh, N. C. "Your booklets are a blessing to mothers, young children, and developing boys and girls, and my heart goes up in heartfelt gratitude for them. My boy, fourteen, said after reading `Almost a Man,"Mama, I feel better after reading that book; my thoughts are higher.' "ŠNellie P. Witham, Olympia, Wash. Price, postpaid, 25 cents. CHILD-CONFIDENCE REWARDED This little book shows the practical results of teaching the truth to children in regard to the origin of life. "Unique and valuable."ŠFrances E. Willard. "I am delighted with it."ŠKatherine Lente Stevenson, Chicago. "The truths taught in this little 10-cent booklet would, if lived out by the mothers of America, revolutionize society, and do more for social purity than any amount of reform work."ŠIlluminator, New York. "Every mother, young or old, should read this little book."ŠMrs. Sarah L. Cilley-Teetor, Cor. Sec. Colo. W. C. T. U., Denver, Colo. "It should be in the hands of mothers of young children everywhere. The good it will do is incalculable, for within its few pages it gives clear and practical instructions as to preserving child-purity of thought, while answering in chaste language questions in regard to the origin of life."ŠEmily S. Bouton, Toledo Blade. "We would like to see this pamphlet placed in every family in which children are being reared."ŠThe Esoteric, December, '96. "`Child-Confidence Rewarded.' Best book on this subject ever written." M. B. Miles, Agent of Western Railway Weighing Association and Inspection Bureau, Denver, Colo. "This little work is of inestimable value to every mother of growing boys and girls, and should be in every such mother's hands."ŠPacific Health Journal. Price, postpaid, 10 cents. Postage stamps accepted. Every4Day_....— .1,1,1111WNWEIRm." Dishes. A book containing 184 pages of practical information concerning the healthful prepartion of numerous dishes of all edible grains, fruits, and vegetables. A chapter is devoted to Suggestions for Canning Fruit, which alone is worth the price of the book. There is also a Daily Morning Program of Kitchen Work,includ-ing hints on Economizing Money, Material, and Time; General Suggestions for Economical House-work; Every-day Bills of Fare, and a copious index of the entire work. Bound in board sides and cloth back. PRICE, postpaid, . 85 CENTS. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York City. 