'R Alvi_ERIcAN 21 horrors of religious persecutions. But of course, in the minds of those who were thus staining the record of human events with their infamous deeds of relentless intolerance, they were doing no wrong! they were not persecutors; oh, no! they were simply doing it all for the good of the poor souls who were not sensible of the errors into which they had fallen. How strange that men of intelligence, with all the facts of the past before them do not see in their efforts and arguments for Sunday laws, the beginning of those same, acts of horrible cruelty. Neither the religion of Jesus Christ, nor any of its precepts, needs the support of civil law. And if we seek aid from the civil arm, it should prove to us that we have departed from the simplicity of the Chris- tian faith. A. 0. TAIT. Ł-+ Ł "We Ask only Obedience to Law." UNDER the title, " How to Organize Law and Order Leagues," and with the expressed sentiment, " We ask only obe-dience to the law; both of officials and citizens," A. Wishart, of Newark, N. J.; gives in the Christian Statesman, the method of organization of Law and Order Leagues. This is worthy of comparison with the methods of formation of " Rest Day Leagues," published not long ago in THE SENTINEL. Further articles in keep-ing with this are promised by Mr. Wishart, on " The Detective System," and the questions, theoretical and practical, which arise in the -working of these voluntary organizations. He says :Š Since the work of the Law and Order League of Pittsburg gave unmistakable signs of success in reducing crime and vice, and especially in procuring a better outward observance of the Sabbath, I have been appealed to, from the Atlantic to the Pacific, for plans of organization, form of Constitution, and methods of work. The first steps to be taken in the organ-ization of a League are: To find a number of the best citizens of the place who "sigh and cry for all the abominations that be done," Eze. 9.Šwhich is a good chapter to read in connec-tion with the subjectŠcitizens who are willing to pledge " their lives, their for-tunes and their sacred honor," as did our fathers, to the attainment of the object of the League, recollecting that no reform can be successful without' two things which " the children of this generation " of saloon-keepers and other law-breakers, are careful to provide and perfect. These are money without lack, and thorough or-ganization. What costs a man nothing, either of labor or money, as a rule, is but little ap-preciated, and what men give of their means to support financially is sure of their moral support and best effort. Having made sure of the funds to meet the expense, prepare for your organiza-tion; and it would be well to place it on a permanent basis, as is the League which I now have the honor to represent. The plan is as follows:Š CITIZENS' LAW AND ORDER LEAGUE OF PLAN FOR PERMANENT FUND. 1. The amount of capital stock shall be $  to be divided into  shares of $  each. 2. Each share of stock shall be liable to assess-ments, until paid, not to exceed ten per cent. per annum on its par value, to be paid on the call of the Executive Committee. 3. Certificates of stock shall be issued, which may be divided into half and quarter shares. 4. In the event of the death of a stockholder, or removal from the city, the certificate, or pledge, (form below) shall be surrendered by the League, and all liability to assessment shall cease. 5. No stockholder shall be liable to an assessment until the subscriptions to the capital stock shall reach  shares. N  189 I hereby agree to take shares at  dollars per share, of the capital stock of the Citi- zens' Law and Order League of , with the understanding that the amounts thus subscribed shall be paid in installments of no more than ten per cent. per annum, and that all liability ceases at my death or removal from the city. Name  Address  Make all checks payable to , Treas. Having the pledges of sufficient funds, proceed with the perfection of the organ-ization, by issuing a call to all lawabiding citizens to meet for that purpose, if the way be clear, at a certain time and place. The form f constitution is of very little importance. It should, howerer, declare the object of the League in some such language as this, which is that of the League at Pittsburg and has never been altered or amended :Š CONSTITUTION OF THE LAW AND ORDER LEAGUE OF PITTSBURG. ART. I. NAME.ŠBy virtue of authority vested in us by a mass meeting of the citizens of Pitts-burg, held in Lafayette Hall, May 10th, 1887, we, the undersigned, do hereby organize ourselves into an association to be known as the Law and Order League of Pittsburg. ART. II. OBJECT ŠThe object of this associa-tion shall be to secure the enforcement of laws for the suppression of vice and immorality. ART. III. MEMBERSHIP ŠAny person in sym-pathy with the object of the League, may become a member by sending his or her name and address to the Secretary, or by sending a donation to the Treasurer. ART. IV. OFFICERS.ŠThe officers of this League shall be a President, Vice President, Secretary, and Treasurer, whose duties stall be the same as those of like officers in other organizations, and who shall annually be elected by ballot by the Executive Committee. ART. V. EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE.ŠThe work of the League shall be carried on by an Executive Committee of twenty-five (25) members with power to fill vacancies, whose officers shall be ex officio those of the general association; said committee shall, whenever in their judgment it is deemed necessary or advisable, call public meetings of the League; they may carry on the work by the em- ployment of an agent, and of subcommittees vested with full power to act, provided, that orders on the Treasurer for funds to prosecute the work shall be approved by the President and Secretary before any expenditure shall be made. ART. VI. FINANCE COMMITTEE.ŠA committee of three members of the Executive Committee shall be appointed by the President, whose duty it shall be to solicit and receive funds to carry out the ob-jects of the association; to turn the same over to the Treasurer, and to endeavor to see that the treasury is always supplied with means necessary to carry on the work. ART. VII. MEETINGS. Meetings of the Execu-tive Committee may be called for such times and at such places as the President may deem necessary, and subcommittees may fix their own times and places for meeting. ART. VIII. QUORUM.ŠFive members shall con-stitute a quorum of the Executive Committee. ART. IX. ANNUAL MEETING.ŠThe League shall hold an annual meeting at a date during the month of May, fixed by the Executive Committee, at Ł which the report of the Executive Committee shall be made, and the Committee for the ensuing year shall be appointed. ART. X. AMENDMENTS.ŠThis Constitution may be altered or amended by a vote of two-thirds of the Executive Committee present at any meeting; pro-vided the number present is a quorum, or more, and provided further that a motion to amend, and action thereon, shall not occur at one and the same meeting. The next essential is the employment of an agent to carry on the work of prosecu-tion, if the municipal authorities refuse to enforce the law. Of the qualifications of this all important officer, I may some time speak, by permission of the Statesman, of which I hope every law and order lov-ing citizen may speedily become a sub-scriber, and read its law and order depart-ment. If it be a Pennsylvania league, the Agent must be licensed as a detective, under the act approved May 23, 1887, P. L. p. 172. In regard to detectives, I quote from the report of the Pittsburg League for the year ending May 10, 1888 :Š It was found by repeated and exhaustive efforts, with as many as fifteen witness of that kind in the same case, that it was impossible to convict upon the testimony of unwilling and adverse witnesses, that is, involuntary witnesses and frequenters of saloons and disorderly places. They would either abscond, or remain in concealment, or defy a subpoena, or declare themselves too drunk to remember, or con-veniently forget what places they were in or what kind of drinks they bought; and if by chance one did testify before an alderman he invariably forgot everything in the months that elapsed before the case was tried in court. By this laborious and ex-tended experience, the absolute necessity of regularly employed and reliable agents was fully demon-strated. "Should the State Protect a Day of Rest?" THE following affirmative answer to this question is by President Merrill E. Gates, LL.D., in the American Sabbath. We quote it only for comment:Š Business men and professional men, stimulated to extreme exertion by rivalry and competition, kept at the highest tension by the the telegraph, pursued to their homes and into their hours of sleep by the incessant click of the " ticker " and the imperious bell of the telephone, must have a day of rest. Already, after ten years of the tele-phone, nervous diseases are painfully prevalent. High pressure in business and in social life is fol-lowed by depression of spirits and exhaustion of nerve-force and brain-power. Never was the day of rest more iu.peratively needed, more evidently indispensable to man's welfare, than in these days of railroads, electricity, and ceaseless newspaper reading. Stop the hurry one day in seven! Let the tired brain-worker as well as the weary laborer, cease from his customary tasks. Shut out from your home the Sunday newspaper, which, if you let it enter, will fill the day of peace with the same ceaseless din of strife and turmoil and crime that fills the atmosphere of every-day life. In quietness, and restfully, for body, mind, and soul, let the day be kept as the Lord's Day, as a Christian Sunday, not as a Jewish Sabbath. 