AMERICAN SENTINEL. 267 people were even forced to chew and swallow their boots and shoes. At last Calais was forced to surrender." "I am thinking if this is not the time when those six noble men dame from the city and stood before Edward, with halters around their necks, and whom the queen saved by her pleading," said Harry Ray. "Yes, it was at Calais, Harry, that this occurred; but this belongs more properly to English history. But we are made glad to know that in those selfish and troub-Ions times so kind-hearted a woman lived as Queen Phil-ippa, of England. "King Philip spent much time in massing together large armies. But he did not need to do this, as they were of little use. He might much better have spent his time more profitably. His poor people were in the meantime taxed most cruelly to support the useless ar-mies." "Speaking of taxes," said Joe Palmeter, "I have read about the `Grabelle Tax.' What was that, if you please, professor?" "It was an unjust tax on salt, and was forced upon the miserable inhabitants during this time. Then, as if the poor people had not suffered enough already, the cruel king began the debasing of the coin. After awhile, no one could be certain of the value of any money which he held, and it almost drove the unhappy people to distrac-tion. It became almostimpossible to do any business at all; and instead of the gay city of Paris, which was the envy of kings, at the beginning of Philip's reign, it is said that grass now grew in its streets. Of course the track of the English army was one of ruin and desola-tion, and the poor country of France no longer happy and flourishing, seemed blasted and withered with deso-lation. "As if to add to the horrors of the time, a dreadful pestilence broke out, called the Black Death." "Well, I should suppose this would put a stop to the fighting, at least," said Jennie Jacobs. "It did, indeed. The people had enough to do now, without fighting. But, again, the voice of superstition and bigotry makes itself heard, and the miserable Jews are again the objects of attack. The frenzied Frenchmen accuse them again of poisoning the wells." "What object could it have been for them to do that?" asked Charlie White, indignantly. "None whatever, Charlie; but prejudice is blind and unreasoning, and never stops to ask if this or that is right or just. So, many thousands of the poor unfortu-nate wretches were cast into the flames without mercy." "I wonder if the Jews who suffered so much at the hands of so called Christians, ever remembered the awful words of their fathers : 'His blood be upon us, and upon our children," said Julia March. "I dare say they did not. But still, even though they did the dreadful deed of crucifying their Lord, do you think that sinful men have any right to take it upon themselves to punish their descendents?" "No, indeed, professor; they have none whatever," said Joe Palmeter, stoutly. "No; for it is written, 'Vengeance is mine, I will re-pay, saith the Lord," exclaimed Professor Carman, earn-estly, as he dismissed the class. 3/Ins. L. D. AVERY-STIITTLE. Charlie and Christian Citizenship. "WHY, Charlie, my boy, how late you are from school to-day! Whatever has kept you?" asked Mrs. Ross. Charlie's face told her that something unusual had happened. "Something has happened," she said, pushing him toward a chair, and taking his books from his hands. "Tell me what it is." "Yes, mama. We had a little of the Dark Ages in school to-day." "What do you mean, Charlie? "You know with all the talk about war, that the spirit of patriotism is being aroused. To-day the super-intendent came into the schoolroom with the American flag, and said that the Ladies' Relief Corps connected with the G. A. R. had been instrumental in a large degree in getting the flag a place in the schoolroom. He said that the wisdom of the movement was apparent to all statesmen, and asked us all to give the salute. It looks very innocent on the surface, and mama, if it had not been for the studies we have had on our relation to God as a Spirit to be worshiped in spirit and in truth, I do not know that I should have hesitated at the salute, and should probably have felt fully as indignant as some of the boys and girls were, when a few of us refused to do it." "Why, Charlie, what could have kept you from salut-ing 'Old Glory?" "The words of the salute itselfŠ'We give our heads and our hearts to God and our country.' This declara-tion is one that cannot be harmonized with the principles taught by Christ, or even with the principles taught by the signers of the Declaration of Independence. In the first place the school that represents the State has no right to demand that its pupils pledge their hearts to God. Has it, mama?" "No, Charlie; such a requirement assumes the right of religious control, and no State has such a right. The Scriptures show us plainly that religion is a heart rela-tion to God." "Yes, mama; but in this salute the whole school is required to take the vow, and you know that the most of the school children would utter it without understanding its meaning, or if they did, without caring, or in hypoc-risy. Many of the boys and girls have no regard for God, and would simply perjure themselves by taking the pledge. But beside the effect on the character in adding to ini-quity hypocrisy, the State is overstepping its rights, and defeating the purpose for which it was ordained. This is 