324 AMERICAN SENTINEL. This power is found only in the gospel, for "it is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believ-sth." "With the heart man believeth unto righteous-ness, and with the mouth confession is made unto sal-vation." "By these [exceeding great and precious promises] ye might be partakers of the divine nature, having escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust." "He shall save his people from their sins." How can the nation be saved from sin when it deals only with crime? The secret thoughts and purposes of the heart are hid from human eyes, and these sins remain unconfessed, while the nation "caught in the very act," goes unpunished. When will this nation be a partaker of the divine nature, and escape the Łcorruption that is in the world? Until it does, is it a Christian nation? Nations do not believe. They cannot legislate faith, nor can they take hold of a "substance which is hoped -for," and such a commodity as "evidence not seen" is spurned at and rejected by the government. It will not be tolerated in any court. Yet this is faith, and the only laith that saves. No nation has ever been reformed or converted from sin to righteousness. One whole city was saved because "the people believed God," when his servant Jonah an-nounced the judgment then pending. 'f The people of Nineveh proclaimed a fast, and put on sackcloth, from the greatest of them even to the least of them. And the tidings reached the king of Nineveh, and he arose from his throne, and laid his robe from him, and covered him with sackcloth, and sat in ashes. And he caused it to be proclaimed and published through Nineveh by the de--cree of the king and his great men (margin), saying, Let neither man nor beast, held nor flock, taste any-thing: let them not feed, nor drink water: but let man and beast be covered with sackcloth, and cry mightily unto God: yea, let them turn every one from his evil way, and from the violence that is in their hands. Who -can tell if God will turn and repent, and turn away from his fierce anger;that we perish not? And God saw their works, that they turned from their evil waŁy; and God repented of the evil that he had said that he would do unto them; and he did it not." Jonah 3:5-40. Here stands alone a notable example of God's plan of saving a city. The same is true of a nation or a king-dom. It is not by a change of law, but of the hearts of the people, so that repentance, full and complete, works out an amendment of life. Then God stays his aveng-ing hand and turns from his purpose to destroy. Jer. 18:7, 8. The antediluvian world perished because they did not believe Noah, who proclaimed to them a message of righteousness. The vile inhabitants of the city of the plain scorned the message which righteous Lot preached to them, and their corruption ceased with their destruc-tion. The Jewish nation would not believe Christ, while  he wept over them. Their "house was left unto them des-olate," and so it will remain. It, as a naton, is "cut off" forever. Rome never changes. Her doom is sealed. Our nation follows fast in the wake of its predecessors. Its tendency is downward. Men see it, and are calling-for reform, but their scheme is not according to God's plan. It is not a change of outward conditions, if giving men and women more favorable environments, or the more rigid enforcement of rules and regulations that in-spires and produce right ways of living. That is not reform which begins without; reform must have its or-igin from within, and work outwardly. To know God, and Jesus Christ, whom he has sent, is eternal life. Reform wrought out on this plan will save the indi-vidual, city, or nation. "The kingdom of God is within you." He will reign gloriously in every man and woman that will open the door'and let him in. When this be-comes a fact with every individual in the nation, then may we indeed be called a nation of Christians. With-out this it can never be truthfully said that this is a "Christian nation." Storm-Clouds. BY S. B. HORTON. THE "trust plague" has gotten such a start and hold upon this country that a spirit of deep concern is being awakened. Many students and observers of this dread diseaseŠgreedŠare crying aloud and sounding notes of alarm to a people whose liberties are being seriously trifled with, and who are likely to be treated as serfs in place of citizens ere a decade has taken its place in history. The following from the New Orleans Times-Democrat is one of the blasts of the trumpet inviting attention to some storm-clouds:Š "The philosophic observer of current events in the financial and industrial world cannot fail to remark the presence of storm-clouds of the most lowering kind. The announcement of the impending amalgamation of the in-terests concerned in the manufacture of steel into one colossal concern, with a capitalization of $800,000,000, is a quite unprecedented thing in the annals of finance. The new copper syndicate is capitalized at $70,000,000. From the present outlook, a capital of $100,000,000 will soon be considered to indicateverymoderate pretensions on the part of the promoters of an industrial scheme. "This remarkable state of affairs bears three aspects which it may be well to briefly consider. "1. What is to be the effect on the money markets and OD the general status of securities? It is evident that a tremendous lockup of capital is in progress, and such a tendency almost always involves more or less disturbance of finances and values. It is notorious that many of the companies now in process of flotation are based on absurd over-valuation of the properties on 