"Equal and exact.  Justice to all Men, or Whatever state or persuasion, peligioug or Political." VOLUME 8. NEW YORK, DECEMBER 7, 1893. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY,, No. 43 BOND STREEt, NEW YORE. Entered at the New York Post-Office. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. CALVIN P. WILLMAN. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, WILLIAM R. NC KEE. WHAT is the wages of sin ?ŠThe wages of sin is death. What is sin ?ŠSin is the transgression of the law. What is the law ?ŠThe law is the ten commandments, and the commandments are the expression to man of the character of God. THE author of sin is Satan. The wages of sin is due him. Death will, then, be the portion of Satan. As a result of the sin of Adam death came to him, and through him to all men. To all who have sinned, death is inevitable, except they be exempt by the direct intervention of Him who created and can re-create. THE intervention of Christ is in behalf of man. Satan is not considered in the plan of salvation. Therefore when the result of sin is visited upon its author the effect will be final,Što Satan there comes but one dissolution and that is complete, without resurrection. But to all men, as a necessary result of Adam's sinŠexcept by special mercy, as to Enoch, and Elijah, and those who will be caught up at Christ's second coming, and changed in the twink-ling of an eye,Šthere comes the natural dissolution which is the inevitable fate of all flesh. THERE is, however, the first resurrec-tion and the second resurrection,Šthere is the first death which none escape, and there is the second death which is the final and absolute end of those who rise in the second resurrection. Who rise in the first resurrection ? Š The right-eous, to eternal life. Who rise in the second resurrection ?ŠThe wicked, to the second death and eternal oblivion. Then, through the redemptive and re-creative power of the Son of God all, both the just and the unjust, are raised from the grave and re-created. But the first are raised to immortality, and the second to that death indeed from which' there is no respite.  This is not the generally accepted theory of death and the future life. > But there is no need of any theory. The Scripture pre-sents the simple facts in plain words. 'Those who run may read, and all who will may understand. All theorizing, all subtlety of interpretation, all exegesis, all "higher criticism," all comment, is en-tirely out of place. Divine omniscience made no mystery of the deep truths of life and death, and the grave, and the resur-rection, and the future of the righteous, and the final fate of the wicked, and the ultimate end and use of this earth. It is man who has made a mystery of these things. That which has misled him has been the deception of Satan, and his incli-nation to follow the pleasing traditions of his own kind. Frioxi the beginning it has been Satan's purpose to substitute falsehood for truth in the minds of men. Those who have been his dupes or his willing helpers have aided in the evil work, until now so great a structure of error has been raised that the minds of men, when without a script-ural guide, are lost in its mazes. The only safeguard, Šthe only guide at all,Šis the Word of God, solely and alone, without one word either taken from it or added to it,Šcriticised only by its own statements regarding itself, understood by its own interpretations and explana-tions of itself and none other. The Bible was not written to be a mental plaything for philosophers and theologians. An all-wise and all-loving Father gave his warn-ings, his admonitions, his promises, to his childlike children of the desert and the field, and these, his words, he put into the mouths of men who were their fellows, to speak to them after their own manner. Christ's preaching was not above the un-derstanding of the plain and simple-minded fisherfolk of Galilee. The disci-ples whom he chose were untutored men. All they who heard him, and them, had no difficulty in understanding, if they listened with willing ears. The words of Scripture have not changed since first they were given. Man is still in possession of the mentality which God gave him. Biblical truth is still for all men, and adapted to the understanding of all. Let all take it and accept it as it is. THE commandinents of God are a tract4 script of his character. It is. only those in whose hearts his law abides "that know righteousness," and so are acqtrainted with God. Sin is the transgression of ,the law, and is unrighteousness. To be coil; formed to the law of God, -and to havOlt written in the heart, is to be righteo4,'L=1 to be again in the image of 'God, -Wherein man was first made. If man can: return to the likeness of God in which he was created by having the commandments of God written in his heart, as hig-char7  acter, it necessarily follows that they are an expression, of the character of .God and are therefore his righteousness; The ten commandments are, then, the. expression, to man of the character of ,God, and it fg only by making them his own character that man becomes godlike. Consequently;  to " fear God and keep his command-ments " is " the whole duty of man."' But, as man has sinned, and through that transgression the seed of sin, and neces-sarily of death, has been planted in, the, human heart and body, the only outlook for man to be saved from sin And death to righteousness and life is through the mercy and re-creative power of Him who was the creative agent in the beginning,ŠHim whose " word " first brought man and all earthly life into being. That is Christ. Man's only hope, then, is in Christ and his righteousness. Through Christ, who was the agent in creation;  is the only possibility of re-creation in the resurrection.. Christ offered himself as a propitiation for sin, that It might be; pos-sible for those who accepted his sacrifice to cry, " 0 death, where is thy sting? 0 grave, where is thy victory ? " " Thanks be to God, which giveth us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ." To thwart the plan of salvation,-40 preserve to death its sting, and give to: the grave its victory, would be the highest success that the enemy of God and man could achieve. Satan's first decePtion. in which he contradicted the word Of God, and by which he persuaded man to trans,, gress, was a denial that the wages of sin is death. It would be natural and logical that the great deceiver should continue, as he has, with an atterapt, to, make It appear that to transgress God's law is not 