456 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. NEWS, NOTES RND cOMMENT The Sunday-closing ordinance demanded by the churches of Hamburg, Ia., has been tabled by the city council by a vote of five to four. The contest will be fought to a finish in the municipal election to be held next spring. One of the ministers of the place says that the present mayor will be defeated because of his vote to table the proposed ordinance. Pending the spring election an effort will probably be made to en-force the state law. * "Christian Citizenship" must meet with some diffi-culties in France, since the elections there are all held on Sunday. But inasmuch as it is held by some at least of the advocates of the movement, that it is the duty of the brethren to "leave the prayer-meeting with the sisters, and attend the primaries" and "pull wires for the kingdom of God," it might easily appear that par-ticipation in an election is the highest type of Sun-day observance. * * * Officially, Germany is one of the most religious of countries. It has Sunday laws which are strictly en-forced. Christianity is recognized by the government, and its institutions are supported out of the public treasury. Religion is taught in the public schools, which all the children are required to attend, so that none is without religious instruction. But notwithstanding the governmental support given to religion in Germany, the larger towns of that country "have a smaller number of churches," says Dr. Stocker, "in prOportion to the population than those of any other country in Christendom." This is a fact that everybody, especially those who find themselves inclined to trust in legislative acts to reform society, save the nation, or revive religion, would do well to consider carefully. The American Israelite complains that "in Rou-mania, where religious liberty and political equality were pledged by its government as a condition of the guarantee of Roumanian independence by the treaty of the Powers, the Jew is deprived of citizenship ; he is excluded from all occupations but the most menial, his children are not admitted to the public schools, and his life, limbs and property are at all times at the mercy of Christian mobs, who frequently avail  themselves of their power, which their priests teach them is part of the reward from heaven for fidelity to the church." After so citing the facts, the "Israelite" asks,, "Is there anything worse than this among the.  Confucians ?" Certainly not ; but it makes a great difference whose ox is gored. Besides written guarantees of rights either civil or religious are worthless if not sup-ported by enlightened, liberal public sentiment. In no country in the world can more ample guarantees of religious liberty be found than in the United States and yet there is scarcely a State in the Union that does not have upon its statute books and in its court reports laws and decisions trenching upon liberty of conscience. The ideal has not yet been attained and just now the forces of bigotry not only in this country but everywhere seem not only to have effectually scotched the wheels of progress, but to have turned them backwara. * * * "A Christian church," says the. Social Forum, "must have for its paramount aim 'a new earth where-in dwelleth righteousness,' the reign of brotherhood." The church has nothing whatever to do, in this sense, with "a new earth wherein dwelleth righteous-ness." It is true the Scriptures promise such an earth, but the church has no more to do with preparing it than Noah had to do with bringing forth from the waters of the flood the earth that now is. The work of the church is to so represent God to men that they will become candidates for the new earth ; but that earth instead of being, as the Social Forum implies, merely a more perfect social state of existence, will be just as real, just as physical as the earth that now is. No one who will read and believe the second chapter of second Peter will have the least trouble over this subject.  Republican vice-presidential candidate, Governdll Roosevelt, is credited in the newspaper reports of his St. Paul speech, with these words : "Read the notes issued by Von Bulow, speaking for Germany, and John Hay, speaking for ourselves, and see how absolutely alike are the policies therein outlined. We are taking the only course consistent with our national self-interest and our national self-respect, and, above all, with the good of mankind at large." This was said concerning the Chinese embroglio, but is not likely to be generally accepted as reassuring by the American people. Mr. Hay is probably acting wisely in insisting that the United States are not at war with China; and possibly so in insisting that the President has ample power to deal with the present situation without consulting Congress ; but the fact 