DAME HYMN OF THE 4 NI _ _DOM FRANCES EUGENIA BOLTON AMERICAN SENTINEL. 737 lege of Four Nations. But when he died, the royal treas-ury was quite emptyŠquite a contrast to his own." "When he died, who took his place?" I hope it was some one who would use his influence to help the poor people," said Milly Brown, who was a tender hearted little maiden, and the continued woes of the suffering Frenchmen had deeply affected her sympathies. "A man who was made Superintendent of Finance, named FouquetŠ" "Was he a good man?" eagerly asked Milly. "Not unless you call a very dishonest man a good one, Milly; be loved dearly to live in the greatest luxury. One day he made a royal feast, and invited the king. Louis was astonished at the wealth and magnificence displayed. There were gold and silver dishes in so much greater abundance than anything the king himself could afford, that Louis would have had the vain fellow ar-rested and given over to justice at once,Šknowing that he had gained all these things dishonestly,Šif it had not been for the advice of his mother, Queen Anne." "Was he ever punished, I wonder?" asked Max Smith. "Yes, and very severely. His property was confis-cated, and he was shut in a dreary dungeon where he stayed until his de ith." "Wasn't this rather hard punishment?" asked Jen-nie Jacobs. "It seems so; although he certainly deserved to be punished. But he had gained the ill-will,of a sovereign who boasted that he was the state, and of course the man could expect no mercy. "We will continue the study of Louis XIV. next week." MRS. L. D. AVERY-STUTTLE. a 13oob Nepresentative Is wanted in every vicinity to sell the '"Holiday Edition of "Battle Hymn of the King-dom." The subject matter of this booklet is a beautiful poem by Prances Eugenia Bolton. It is appropriately illustrated with fifteen original half-tone en-gravings of extraordinary merit. The cover design is worked in gold, silver, and green, and will especially rec-ommend the volume to pur-chasers of gift books. It is printed on heavy enameled paper and bound in cloth with gilt top, 50e postpaid, or $25.00 per 100 not prepaid. Trade edition, printed on thinner paper and bound in leatherette, 25e each postpaid. Address,, PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 39 Bond St., New York. Kansas City, Mo. Oakland, Cal. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 8. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin hi sent, register the letter. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and. State. either in name or in principle. ORGAN OF THB International Religious liberty Assoeiation. Published Weekly by Paeitie Press Publishing Go. Single Copy, Per Year, $1.00 It It Six months, .50 Three " .25 ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New Yor17 A Card. To all interested in carrying the gospel of Jesus Christ to the inhabitants of other lands and who desire to assist in supporting missionaries already placed and others who may engage in the work, the opportunity is given to make an offering to the Foreign Mission Board of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination. Such donations should be sent to W. H. Edwards, the Treasurer of the Board, 1730 North Fifteenth Street, Philadelphia, Pa. Free" Trial. To prove that the Simplicity Vaporizer is a genuine article, I will send it with enough medicine for ioo treatments free on 3 days trial. If it doesn't prove to be the best thing on the market for CATARRH, COUGHS, COLDS, SORE THROAT, and any, disease of the nose, lungs, or throat, return it, and if you are satisfied send me $1.50. State your disease and how it affects you, so that I may know what medicine to send. Don't write unless you mean business, for it costs to send them out. Address, ALFRED MALLETT7  39 Bond St., New York. 