JUNE 18, 1896. A.IVIEFCICA.N-  INTIPINIEILA 199 One would think from much of the current discussion on the question that even Chris-tian men are loth to discuss the Sabbath from a religious point of view, so much do men plead with railroads and pleasure seekers about the " utility of a rest-day." We do not object to these lower elements in the dis-cussion, but they are merely secondary; and if men make these the prominent, or founda-tion idea, all conscience as of duty toward God is at an end. The same is true when the " civil sabbath " is made the prominent thing. Religious conscience is neither awak-ened nor cultivated by an appeal to civil law. If the church does not take high religious ground, the world will certainly drift far away from it. The work of awakening the latent conscience of the people, if it exists, or of cultivating, creating it, must be done by the church, if it is done at all. Evils do not cure themselves. A revival of Sabbath-ism will never be obtained on the " rest-day " theory of utilitarianism, nor the testimony of medical experts, and managers of street car service. Conscience toward God alone will form the permanent foundation for such a revival. Even the resolutions of synods and cmferences, and the wisdom of creed-makers will prove useless, unless the masses are trained to a higher religions conception of the Sabbath as a divine and especially reli-gions institution. It would not be far from the entire truth to say that one of the first steps toward reform is the creating of a con-science on the Sabbath issues. Ł 4- Sunday-Law Civilivation Dramatically Illus- trated. Brief Sketch, with Moral. SCENE is located in the city of Columbus, Ga. Georgia is the banner State for Sunday " laws" (has a " law " which makes the Sun-day laborer liable to fine of $1,000, and a year in the chain-gang). Scene presents to us a negro prisoner in the court room, charged with rape. Judge and court officials are present, and proceeding in legal form to im-panel a jury to try the prisoner. (Sudden interruption.) Eater mob of " best citizens" undisguised, who take forcible possession of prisoner and drag him away before the judge's eyes. Mob drag prisoner through the street; shooting him meanwhile, and hang him to tree in prominent part of city. Next proceed to city jail, break in and secure another negro prisoner and hang him to same tree. Mob disperses, leaving bodies. No arrests. "Parties unknown." Moral.ŠGive us Sunday " laws" to make the people moral and teach them respect for law and order. Ł •  : BIBLE3 RIGSTEIcS - CONITEHENSIVE - TE(ICHEliS' - BIBLE. Emerald Type. Size-8% x 5% x inches. Swedish Morocco, improved divinity circuit, leather lined to edge, round corners, red under go ld edges with Illustrations, 14 Maps, Concordance, Helps, etc. Post paid, - - - - $5.00 GENUINE : OXFORD : TE(ICHEIS BIBLES. Minion Type. Size-5 x 7% inches. Fine Levant Morocco (brown), divinity circuit, calf lined, round corners, gold edges, Maps, Concordance, and many other valuable helps. Post paid, H5.00 LA_E,G TYPE . BIBLES FOR THOSE WITH POOR EYESIGHT. French Morocco, limp covers, round corners, side and back title in gold, gilt edges, Family Register and Maps. Post paid, - $2.00 ADDRESS, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., KANSAS CITY, MO. OAKLAND, CAL. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. 1' 11 6  Si lvi A C  Discircier —ocnitik&_H c w Cure Them BY J. I1. IltlI,LOG-Cr, M. D., Superintendent of the Battle Creek (Mich.) Sanitarium; Member of the British and American Association for the Advancement of 'Science; the American Microscopical Society; the Society of Hygiene, Of France, Author of thy ttion tiook of Domestic Hygiene and Rational Medicine, etc. This Book Presents in a Nut=shell What Every Person Ought to Know About the Stomach, its Functions in Health, the Symptoms Produced by Desease, and the Best ....____Methods of Cure __,...0010 The Work is Thoroughly Practical. The work concludes with an explanation of the new and elaborate method of investigating disorders of the stomach, in use at the Battle Creek Sanitarium, and largely the result or researches untie: taken there. The following is a list of the leading sections of the book: The Organs of Digesties; Foots; the Digestive Fluids; General View of the Digestive Process; The Maladies of the Modern Stomach; Important New Discoveries Relating to Digestion; Symptoms of Dyspepsia; Quacks and Nostrums; Explanation of the A uth..r's Graphic Mode of Representing the Results of Stomach Work, Obtainable front Examination of the Stomach Fluid by the system of investigation Employed in the Hygienic and Research Laboratories of the Sanitarium at Battle Creek, Mich., U. S. A. The work contains over one hundred cuts, including eleven plates, several of which, are colored. Price of the book, bound in fine English cloth, with embossed cover, $1.50. Half-buffing, gilt edges, $2.00. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 89 Bond Street, New York City. Kansas City, Mo. Oakland, Cal. TREAT YOUR CATARRH WITH THE " SUCCESS " NASAL SYRINGE Remedies are useless unless they are applied to the disease. The "Success" will do this by means of a soft rubber tube inserted in the nasal cavity, as shown by cut, Catarrh can be CURED with this syringe by the simple use of Glycerine, diluted with water. Sent postpaid ou receipt of $1. Address, A. NALLETT, 50 Bond Street, New York,,City. THE "CYCLONE" STILL WHIRLS Sweeping Everything Clean Before It. SEE WHAT THE PEOPLE SAY: Susanville, Cal. 141Esstts. Coos Baos.:---The Cyclone Washing machine that I received January 5, 1896, is en-tirely satisfactory. I like it even better than I had supposed I could. I have some orders now without soliciting. Yours truly, Mits. E. L. LYSINGER. Address, COON BROS., Battle Creek, Mtch. THE INTEKINEff OLITMIL MINSLOTIO CREEK NEW TESTAMENTS WITH The Authorized Version conveniently presented in the margins for ready reference And with the various readings of the editions of Elzevir 1624, Griesbach, Laehmann, Tischendorf, Tregelles, Alford and Wordsworth. Price, Postpaid, w w w w $3.00 PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 