536 AMERICAN SENTINEL. THE Wesleyan Methodist, of July 7, takes occasion to refer to the AMERICAN SENTINEL as being "out and out infidel, and preposterous in every way." We think this will be news to most of our infidel or " freethought " exchanges. Is it because the SENTINEL is the only paper in the land which sets forth the Bible as being the truest and highest science, and God as the author and teacher of all true science, that the Wesleyan Methodist charges it with being altogether "infidel"? * * THE occasion of this pronouncement by the Method-ist came about on this wise. An inquiry came to it from a correspondent in Michigan, couched (in part) as fol- lows:Š " I few days ago a small paper called the AMERICAN SENTINEL came into my hands, in which was a commun-ication opposing the amendment to the Constitution of this Government by which we shall recognize the name of God as the supreme ruler of the universe and arbiter of nations, claiming that:it would lead to a union of Church and State, which I perceive to be a preposterous idea. Is not God the Creator of all worlds, the Giver of all life and intelligence to all rational beings, and are they not all dependent upon Him.for every blessing enjoyed, both temporal and spiritual, and can there be anything wrong in acknowledging his supreme authority and our in-feriority, seeing that he is infinitely wise and just and good, and that his goodness extends to every creature and is stamped upon every object in creation?" The Methodist printed this communication, and added the information to which we have referred. * * * OF course God is "the Creator of all worlds, the Giver of all life and intelligence to all rational beings," and they are "dependent upon him for every blessing enjoyed, both temporal and spiritual," etc. The SENTI-NEL has never denied this; on the contrary, it has taught it in every issue. Nor has it ever contended that there would "be anything wrong in acknowledging his supreme authority and our inferiority." It is part of the mission of the SENTINEL to urge all persons to do that very thing. Did any "out and out infidel" organ ever adopt this course? * * Buy note this point: an individual acknowledgment of God as the Creator and Sovereign of the universe, and of his claims upon all men, is a different thing altogether from a governmental acknowledgment of this kind. The SENTINEL would be well pleased to see all individuals in  the land confess their dependence upon God and his right to their allegiance and service. But it objects to any action of this kind from the Government. * * WHY? and wherein is the difference? Simply because governmental recognition of God is opposed to individ-ual recognition of him. It is opposed to any recognition of God that is pleasing to God himself. For true and acceptable recognition of God is of faith ; but govern-mental recognition of God is of force, and not of faith. The Government would be nothing without force; and whatever the Government does, is carried out not by faith, not by love, nor by persuasion, but by force. The Government never wastes one moment in arguing with or beseeching individuals to secure compliance with its wishes. It simply puts its desires into the form of en-actments, and he who fails to comply therewith does so at the peril of his property and his personal liberty. * A GOVERNMENTAL recognition of God, therefore, means a recognition of him by the force of the pains,and penalties which theŁgovernment has at its command for the execution of its purposes. When the Government makes a recognition of God, it means that you must recog-nize God in precisely the same manner, no matter whether you believe in it or not, or be counted out of the Govern-ment altogether. For the people being the Government, what the Government does is done by the people. You are either not of the Government, or else you participate in the Government's action. If you are a part of the Government, you must conform to the Government's religion'. If you are not a part of the Government, you must suffer the penalties which belong with disfran-chisement. * THE complexion of the Government, of course, is continually changing. It alters with every election. Its requirements are constantly varying. And to all these changes, the participant in the Government must con-form. When the Government changes its manner of recognizing God, he must change with it, no matter how it may suit his own convictions. When the Government endorses a religious dogmaŠas for example, the dogma that Sunday is the SabbathŠhe must likewise endorse it, though he may not in the least believe it to be true. This leaves no room for faith; it cuts squarely across all individual freedom of choice. And therefore it is, as before stated, opposed to the only recognition of God which he can accept. " Without faith it is impossible to please Him." * * THERE are a multitude of participants in State and national government in this land who do not believe in God at all, and therefore do not believe in any recogni-tion of him. And there are multitudes more who do recognize him, who would be certain to dissent from he recognition provided by the Government. Either 