146 IELL-L cAaNi r VoL. 8, No. 19. fully exercise this authority. He knows that the only Sabbath law is the divine law which says the seventh day is the Sabbath, and if he accepts the word of his pastors and masters that this is not bind-ing, do they expect to be able to exercise greater authority over him than God, whose injunction they have taught him to despise, and by so doing have turned him over to himself and the devil ? American workingmen are not likely to deify any of their fellow-citizens and pay them divine honor, just yet. Therefore if not respect-ing the divine law which they know has never been repealed, how can they be ex-pected to respect a human law which they know can not possibly have any divine authority and properly no human author-ity ? And if they respect the divine law they certainly can pay no regard to the human law which is a usurper, and in contravention of the divine. This the workingmen learn from the self-styled Protestant preachers, and it is reinforced to them by the words of the learned clergy of the Roman Catholic Church, who tell them " there is no command in the Bible which directs the observance of Sunday." It is Roman Catholic canon law and from that the Protestants have borrowed it. That Sunday is a Christian institution is an error,Š" In the strict sense of the word it was not instituted either by Christ or his Church. It is not ordered by divine law, nor was it ordered by the Church. Constantine decreed the observance of Sunday in order to give the Christians a chance to compete with the pagans, and recognizing it as a good thing the church in her subsequent councils adopted it. At the Reformation the Protestants carried it off." Their attempt to compel the accept-ance of the Sunday dogma by recourse to law " is a grievous departure from their old battle-cry of civil and religious lib-erty." Has it come to this, that Protest-ant America must sit at the feet of the Roman Catholic priesthood to learn not only church history, but civil and reli- gious liberty ? W. 11. M. An Historical Study on the Tendency of Modern, Liberal, Theological Thought. IN the second century of the Christian era, the world of philosophical and theo-logical thought was already much di-vided and subdivided into contending sects. There were the Epicureans and the Academics, the Stoics and the Pla-tonics, each with a different view of God, and each having a different solution for the great problem of life. Among the Jews, there were the Pharisees, the Sad-ducees, the Essenes, and the believers in the mystic Kabbala. Christianity, itself, so recently de-scended from heaven in garments of light, had already bedraggled its robe in the filth of earth. Besides those who still cling to the simple teaching of Christ and the apostles, there were the Judaizing Christians, the Nazarenes, or the Ebion-ites, as they were afterward called, and the Gnostics already subdivided into sev-eral sects, but all of them combining Christianity with oriental mysticism. Then, there were a hundred different forms of pagan worship, originating in as many different nations now conquered by the overflowing armies of Rome, and all flocking to the Pantheon to find place in that temple of all the gods. Each creed and each system of philosophy asserted  itself with more or less dogmatic force, and proclaimed itself in possession of the ultimate truth. What wonder that under such circum-stances, there should arise a set of good, whole-souled, broad-minded and generous-hearted men, who, to use Mosheim's, words, " disapproved of the controversial spirit, which obliged every one to swear allegiance to the dogmas of his master." Such were the Eclectics, who did not believe that any one creed was broad enough to hold all the truth; but rather that the truth lay dispersed in scattered fragments among all the systems of belief and philosophy. As their name implies, they " professed to simply follow truth, gathering up what was accordant with it in all the philosophical schools." "Espe-cially they avoided altercations and a sectarian spirit." Could all the religions of the world have come together on ex-hibition in some grand international congress of religions, what a magnificent opportunity for the formation of such a creed. However, in the early days, men had to do without such modern appli-ances, and these Eclectic philosophers seemed to succeed tolerably well, for, says Mosheim: " This philosophy was adopted by such of the learned in Alexandria, as wished to be accounted Christians, and still retain the name, the garb, and the rank of philosophers." But even this school soon proved too narrow for these liberal thinkers; and it was soon merged into another, which for broad and com-prehensive liberality, could not possibly be surpassed by the genius of a modern, even though his maw should succeed in digesting and unifying a whole inter-national congress. Says Mosheim : " This eclectic mode of philosophizing was exchanged near the end of this century (the second), when Ammonius Saccus, with great applause, opened a school in Alexandria, and laid the foundation of that sect which is called the ' New Platonic." The same historian thus states the contrast between the two schools in a way to reveal the increased liberality of the latter. " The Eclectics held that there was a mixture of good and bad, true and false, in all systems, and therefore they selected out of all what appeared to them consonant with reason, but rejected the rest." "But Ammonius held that all sects professed one and the same system of truth, with only a little difference in the mode of stating it, and some minute difference in their concep-tions; so that by means of suitable expla-nations, they might, with little difficulty, be brought into one body." And again, " The grand object of Ammonius was to bring all sects and religions into har-mony." The historian proceeds to relate how all forms of philosophy and religion Šthe Christian includedŠwere combined into one system and harmonized by means of allegorical interpretations. Surely here is a breadth of good fellowship and liberality which would even now rejoice the hearts of the most enthusiastic pro-jectors of the prospective Congress of Religions. But how wide was the influ-ence of this philosophy back there ? how fully was the experiment tried ? and what was the result? Surely these are im-portant questions. Let the historian answer. " At Alexandria, almost no other philosophy was taught from the time of Ammonius down to the sixth century." Again, " The school of Am-monius gradually cast all others into the  back ground." " From Egypt it spread, in a short time, over the whole Roman Empire and drew after it almost all per-sons inclined to attend to metaphysical studies? Origen, the disciple of Ammo-nius Saccus, succeeded his preceptor in the presidency of the school. He con-tinued the same methods of allegorical interpretation, applying them especially to the sacred Scriptures, thus mixing and harmonizing (?) all forms of pagan cere-monies and pagan philosophies with the Christian religion. Thus originated the Papacy, which, as a system of religion, every student of history knows, is simply a combination of paganism with Chris-tianity. For as Gavazzi says, " Almost all forms of paganism are now in the Roman Church." This liberal school was the fountain head of Roman Catholi-cism. Origen's method of interpreting Scrip-ture became so universal that he is, even to-day, by Chambers and others, called the "father of biblical criticism and ex-egesis in Christendom." He was the father of that gloriously liberal Pago-Christian philosophy, which ripened into the Papacy. Mosheim says : " This new species of philosophy imprudently adopted by Origen and other Christians, did im-mense harm to Christianity." "For it led the teachers of it to involve in philo-sophic obscurity many parts of our reli-gion which are in themselves plain and easy to be understood, and to add to the precepts of the Saviour not a few things of which not a word can be found in the Scripture." " Finally, it alienated the minds of many, in the following cen-turies, from Christianity itself, and pro-duced a heterogeneous species of religion, consisting of Christian and Platonic principles combined." " And who is able to enumerate all the evils and injurious effects which arose. from this new philos-ophy; or, if you please, from [this syn-cretismus] this attempt to reconcile true and false religions with each other." The most wonderful fact of all is, that just while those liberal philosophic Chris-tians were decrying " all sectarianism," and repudiating " the controversial spirit,"Šjust while they were laying the foundations of that broadest and most liberal of all schools of philosophical re-ligion, of that " syncretismus," as Mos-heim calls it,-just then they were laying the foundation of the Papacy that in its bigotry bwrned men for heresy for more than a thousand years. A new " syncre-tismus," could it be brought about at the Congress of Religions, would produce the same results. If that one in the second century grew into the Papacy, this one would, grow into the image to the Papacy. This growth would be as much more rapid than that, as the nineteenth century is more,intense than the second. It mat-ters not how much men may talk of lib-erality, nor how sincerely they may decry the sectarian and the controversial spirit; they did the same there. The great historical fact still remains that the Church and the world have ar-rived at the recognition of the rights of conscience only as the multitude of con-tending sects have made a universal creed impossible. The only unity that can exist concomitantly, with liberty, is the divine unity, not of an external creed, but of internal truth. Nothing could be farther from this unity of truth than the tendency to a miserable compromise with error, of the New Platonists of the second 