172 AMERICAN SENTINEL. shall, upon conviction, be deemed guilty of a mis-demeanor, and shall be fined in a sum not less than one hundred dollars and not more-than -five hundred dollars for eaeh offense." Of course, if this law is enforced, the cotton mills (which are closed on Sundays) will be seriously hampered by the frequent necessity of shutting down for repairs. Heretofore repairs for the week have been made in the repair shops on Sunday, while the mills were closed. Whether the religious element who want this law en-forced will prevail or not against the interests represented by the mills, is the question now to be settled. "Worship God Contrary to Law." PAUL had come to Corinth. He labored hard for his own countrymen, but when they blasphemed, he turned to the Gentiles. He went into a certain man's house, named Justus, "one that worshiped God, whose house joined hard to the synagogue." This inspired account shows that close by where the Jews worshiped, was a heathen (as they regarded him) who was a worshiper of God. But the Jews "had a raw," and unless men worshiped God according to that law, they felt very sure that God did not accept such service at all. And so because this good man believed on Jesus Christ, with many others, a thing they sup-posed altogether unnecessary according to their pre-scribed "law," they raised an insurrection, and had Paul arrested and dragged before the judgment seat of the Roman official, Gallio. The only thing they could accuse him of on the warrant was that "This fellow per-suadeth men to worship God contrary to the law." Had this been truly contrary to God's law, then there might have been some force in the claim; but it was simply contrary to their human traditional law, which they had placed above God's sayings. It is sad to contemplate that this same spirit is at work to-day. Men must worship their God "according to the laws of the land," and all who do not are looked upon as no worshipers at all. Perhaps God would be a better judge in such matters. He tells us that he is seeking worshipers who will worship in spirit and in truth. Finite minds cannot understand the operations of the. Spirit fully. And again, spiritual things are un-derstood only by spiritual minds. What a good example was set rulers by Gallio. He says, "If it were a matter of wrong or wicked lewdness, 0 ye Jews, reason would that I should bear with you: But if it be a question of words and names, and of your law, look ye to it; for I will be no judge of such matters." Who can say this representative in civil affairs did not take the right stand? He drew a clear-cut distinc-tion between religious and civil matters. He said he was no judge of the former, but in case it were a matter  of uncivil conduct, he would give the case a hearing. He thus saved himself much trouble, and served God's gospel tellingly, for because of his decision Paul stayed there a long time after this happened and accomplished a good work. God is not served by men getting the false burden that they must make everybody worship God according "to the law." T. E. BOWEN. Plea for Sunday Freedom. CONVENTION HALL, in Kansas City, where a national political convention is to be held this summer, is under the control of a board of directors, who have decided that no secular entertainments shall be 'allowed in the Hall on Sundays. This decision has provoked Much discussion upon the question of its propriety, and some important truths pertaining to the subject of enforced Sunday observance have been stated before the public. We note in the Kansas City Journal of February 26, the following pertinent remarks by the Rev. Dr. J. E. Roberts of that city:Š "The right to go to church is no more sacred than the right to go to a theater. If the Convention Hall directors had adopted theirŁ recent resolution two years ago it is doubtful if that great hall would have been built. If the sanhedrim and the high priests have the welfare of the people at heart they could do no finer, nobler thing than to inaugurate a series of Sunday entertainments in the Convention Hall." "When some men get religion they get ugly. Well meaning men consider themselves the special policemen of the Infinite. There are others who think that God is entirely competent to execute his own laws. Helping God manage his affairs has been one of the most perni-cious of religious followings. It reduces the Omnipotent to the level of a police magistrate. "The principle is every day becoming more generally recognized, that the function of the law and penalty is the protection of people from injury. It isn't to make men moral, it isn't to punish them for wrong-doing, it is to protect society; it is to keep men free. The only laws of that kind that still remain are those relating to the keeping of the Sabbath day. These linger longest and die hardest. Sabbath discretion, so-called, affords opportunity for pulpit oratoricals and spectacular effects; it also gives some secular organizations a fine opportunity to pose as sponsors of the spiritual welfare of the community. . . . Those suffering from this malady have the peculiar hallucination that they must compel someone else to be good. "It was while under the influence of such a hallucina-tion that the directors of the People's hall resolved that Convention Hall shall not be rented on Sundays for per-formances of any'kind; at that time the paroxysm, was at its height. A little later when its rigors had begun to subside, this line was added: 'This is not to apply to meetings of a religious character, or to high order of musical entertainments or lectures.' Then came the mental depression which accompanies the paroxysm, 