AMERICAN SENTINEL. 521 This is a plain reference to the policy of General Otis in the Philippines, in establishing a censorship of the press, which prevented the true state of affairs there from being known in America. If circumstances at Ma-nila and in Cuba are not vastly different from those prevailing now during the next political campaign, that campaign will be the bitterest that has been fought since the Civil War. There is an intensity coming into the strifes that are waged in politics and in society that indicates an approaching climax and a mighty change. Sunday Closing Notes. ALL the saloonkeepers in La Salle, Ill., about fifty in number, were arrested on July 17, for Sunday open-ing. FOR the first time in many years the saloons of Mar-shall, Tex., are closed on Sunday. THE clergy and "city fathers" of Asheville, N. C., are agitating the question of Sunday closing for all business places. THE Supreme Court of the State of Washington has just rendered a decision in which it held that keeping a saloon open on Sunday is a misdemeanor, even though no liquor is sold. THE W. C. T. II. of Wheaton, Ill., has presented a petition to the Golf Club of that place asking that the club house be closed hereafter on Sundays and that Sunday playing be discontinued. The petition was indorsed by vote in meetings of four churches and by two hundred citizens of Wheaton. Sunday Enforcement in Paterson, N. J. CLOSED BARBER SHOPS DO NOT NECESSARILY INDI- CATE IDLE BARBERS. A SITUATION WITH SOME PECULIARITIES. New York "Sun," August 18. ME revival of the Blue Laws, instigated by the ice-men to avoid Sunday work, is growing more interesting. Antonio Mauro, the barber who was found shaving a man in his shop last Sunday, and was at first, after his arrest, inclined to fight the case, after consulting coun-sel, decided that he had no chance of winning. Yester-day he went before Justice Van Hoveuburg and pleaded guilty. In consideration of his submission and a prom-ise that he would in future refrain from working on Sun-day he escaped with a fine of $5. Now the movement against Sunday work thus vindicated, is to be followed up in other cities of the State. At a meeting of the "boss" barbers held on Tuesday evening, committees from the hair-cutting fraternities  of Newark, Jersey City, Hoboken and Passaic were pres-ent to obtain information of the Paterson method of enforcing the Blue Laws. They had read of the success of the Paterson men and will recommend to their asso-ciates the adoption of the Paterson plan in their respec tivecities. Soon the Jerseyman who fails to liave his whiskers curtailed or abolished on Saturday will have to hide behind them over the Sabbath. The clergy are said, strangely enough, to be opposed to the movement. They believe that it will furnish an all too convenient excuse for the tardy shaver to remain away from his family pew when he should be there with a clean face as well as a pure heart for the multitude of sinners to look upon. But the clergymen are the only malcontents. The barber reasons that his usual Sunday customers will call on Saturday, and the hardware man is con-vinced that razors now will sell like cross buns on Good Friday. But the tonsorial community are encountering other troubles and it is likely that they will have to resort to further efforts for the revival of forgotten laws in order to win the perfect peace for which long their hungering souls. It has been discovered that while most of the shops were closed on last Sunday, sundry members of the craft were accumulating forbidden shekels by pursu-ing their calling at customers' homes. Suspicions were aroused when one of the Vigilance Committee of barbers met a barber known to be opposed to Sunday closing. He carried a satchel. "Where are you bound?" queried a scout of the Sun-day closing element. "Oh," was the reply, "I'm off for a little vacation. No use of my loitering here when you make me keep my shop closed." He was one of the most vigorous advocates of an opdn Sunday, and the scout was pleased at his evident defeat. But when the barbers met to compare notes, ten were on their feet to recount similar meetings and a similar conversation with the disingenuous brother who sought a vacation. It was found that each had met the representative of the opposition in a different place, and that he had in no case been bound toward a railway station. It developed that other barbers had been seen carrying satchels in different parts of the city and the truth of the situation became apparent. A thorough campaign against satchel carrying was resolved upon, and on Sunday next the barber who ventures out with a grip will be under suspicion. Another discovery was made known at the meeting. Those present were informed that a certain saloonkeeper had hired a non-union barber as a Sunday attraction at his cafe, and had made to his customers a special offer of rum, shave and bay rum for the moderate charge of a quarter of a dollar. A committee was appointed to warn the saloonkeeper that other laws than the Blue Laws would be made to apply in his case if he persisted in such pernicious practise. 