"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WOEDS. AND EWE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. ALONZO T. JONES, EDITOR. NEW YORK, AUGUST 5, 1897. VOL. 12, No. 31. Single Copy, 3 cents. me American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. Aar Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no tears that they will be asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Post-office.) THE service of God is not servitude. THE preachers are not the successors of the prophets. Only prophets can be the successors of prophets. -41.- Ł-1,.- ENFORCED idleness on Sunday might not be so bad if the law could force the devil to be idle too. WILL some one who takes exception to the view that politics should be kept separate from religion, please send us a copy of the moral lawŠthe decalogueŠof politics? THE commission of Christ to his disciples,Š"Go ye therefore into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature," does not mean, Go ye therefore into all the world and control the politics of every nation. THE person who claims to be a worshiper of God, while obeying some other power than God, by that diso-bedience to God proclaims himself a worshiper of a false god. In other words, we worship the power which we obey in religious conduct. t  THERE is a principle in human nature which demands a pope in the Church and a monarch in the State. The divine nature which God puts in the place of human na-ture, substitutes the government of God for both that of pope and monarch, in the heart. IT is very surprising how small an amount of Script-ure proof will suffice to convince a person of something he wants to believe; and what a large amount is re-quired to convince him of a plain truth which he does not relish. - 4, IF the Church has the power of God, the Omnipotent, with her, why should she seek for power from the State? What else can her plea for State and national legislation be but a confession that she has lost the power of God, by having withdrawn herself from him? 5 The Bible Is Science. OF all the mistakes that men have made with refer-ence to the Bible, one of the greatest is in thinking that it is not scientific. The truth is that the Bible is the most scientific book in the world : the foundation of, and the guide to, all correct science that is known, or that can be known, in the world. Our word science, is from the Latin word scientia, which signifies knowledge. The Latin scientia corres-ponds to the Greek word gnosis, which signifies knowl-edge. Accordingly science is simply knowledge. But is not the Bible knowledge? The Bible comes to the world from God: everywhere its claim is "Thus saith the Lord;" "God spake ;" "the word of the Lord," etc. "All Scripture is given by inspiration of God; and is prof_ itable for doctrine, for reproof, for instruction in right-eousness; that the man of God may be perfect, thoroughly furnished unto all good works." And does not God know?ŠHe does. Is not that knowledge which comes from God for the instruction of men?ŠIt is. Then as science is only knowledge; and as the Bible is knowledge, it certainly follows that the Bible is science. It is true that science signifies knowledge of more than a common order. The Latin scientia, signifies "being skilled in knowledge," knowledge of a high order; 