AMERICAN SENTINEL. 169 teaching of people more enlightened have worked out their own salvation. But as it is, having been "assim-ilated" by a superior race, they have come near to work-ing out the ruin both of themselves and of the American Union. This is a plain matter of history, and the lesson taught by it should not now be overlooked. THE Church Times, organ of the "high church" party in England, makes plain its attitude towards Protestantism by declaring that "not the very smallest allusion to Protestantism can be found by microscopic search" in the creed and worship of the Church of Eng-land. This is plainly the voice of Rome. THE Filipino leader, Aguinaldo, has a number of Spanish priests whom he is holding prisoners, whose release has long been sought by the Spanish government. The terms of release demanded by Aguinaldo are that the priests give up their landed estates, and that the pope recognize the full rights of the native clergy, as regards the coercive measures employed against them by their religious superiors. Evidently the Filipino leader knows that submission to American rule means that these religious demands will not be granted. If the Filipinos were assured of deliverance from the yoke of Rome, their submission would be much more readily obtained. Sunday Closing in New York City. THE West Side Sunday Closing Association, of this city, have begun a crusade against Sunday opening of delicatessen shops; and on a recent Sunday, two proprietors of such shops were arrested and held for trial under the Sunday law. They affirm that they will make a test case of their right to sell food on Sunday undisturbed by the Sunday Closing Association. Lawyer Gruber, who represents the defendants in the matter, gave this opinion of the merits of the Sunday closing crusade as concerning cases of this kind:Š "Delicatessen stores are a blessing to the working-man's wife. She need not cook food Sunday afternoon, but can get what she wants for supper for her husband and children by sending to the store. Tired and weary with the work of the week, cooking, sleeping, and living in substantially the same room, the good wife of Straus, the carpenter, or McGinnis, the plasterer, wants a rest on Sunday afternoon and evening. She doesn't want to cook for the family and the friends who drop in. "The little storekeeper who sells cooked ham, cheese, potato salad, and smoked fish is ready and willing to lighten her burden. Outside his store stands the right-eous citizen who, forsaking all other duties to mankind for the time being, is watching with police escort for a violation of the Sunday law. A piece of ham is sold to Mrs. Straus. Horrible deed and crimson stain! Nothing  will wipe out the stain but an arrest. The storekeeper, after kissing and quieting his crying wife and children, puts on his hat and coat and walks with the policeman to the station-house, a crowd following. "And so we are now living in a part of New York City!" "Benevolent Assimilation" in the United States. Tan policy of "benevolent assimilation," which the Government is carrying on abroad, has also its illus- trations at home. The possessions of the red man in this country have long been and are still undergoing assimilation by the white man; and in this process the natural disposition of the white man in dealing with an inferior race may be readily seen. An illustration to which we may properly refer, in view of facts which are now known and undisputed concerning the matter, is that of the Government's dealings with the Chippewa Indians in Minnesota, among whom an outbreak oc-curred last fall at Leech Lake. We present the facts as given by The Independent, of this city:Š "It will be remembered that last fall occurred a to-tally unlooked for outbreak among the traditionally peaceable Chippewas of Minnesota. Fortunately it was confined to twenty of the Pillager band at Leech Lake. The statement as to the causes of the disturbance given in our columns at the time, and later in an address be-fore the Mohonk Conference, was confirmed by the Com-missioner of Indian Affairs, who went to Leech Lake and examined personally into the origin of the troubles. "The important point now is that not one of the frauds and outrages upon the peaceful Indians which produced that collision has been removed, but that they are still actively going on, and threaten, if not removed, to produce more serious troubles soon. "One grievance was the quartering upon the Chippe-was of a commission of three members, who were paid out of their funds $4,745 each, yearly, for nearly seven years. They in turn hired others under them so that the total expense to the Indians was about $80 per day. In 1896 the commission was reduced to one member, who continues to draw his $13 a day, and has a retinue of employes under him, while the Indians must pay the bills of their unwelcome guest. The records show that about $300,000 of their money has been expended on that commission and their underlings, when the work would have been better done by a good agent assisted by some inspector or other official of the Interior Depart-ment. "A far more serious matter is the frauds which have been perpetrated upon them, under cover of the appraisal and sale of their pine. In August, 1891, a corps of ap-praisers, numbering over twenty, each receiving $6 per day, went to work on it and continued till May, 1893. Then their work was pronounced fraudulent; so the Gov-ernment discharged them, and appointed a new set, twenty-seven in number, each drawing $6 per day, to go over again what the first had done. Upon examination the second appraisal was also found to be worthless, and in August, 1897, the Government appointed a corps of twenty-three men to go over the work for the third time, 