296 AMERICAN SENTINEL. IT is reported that England and Russia have come to an understanding on the Chinese question, the agree-ment being that Russia's "sphere of influence" in China is to be the provinces of Manchuria and Chi-li, and Eng-land's "sphere" is to be the province of the Yang-tse Kiang. Germany is expected to extend a like "sphere" over the province of the Hoang-ho. At the same time it is agreed that both England and Russia shall "uphold the integrity and independence of the Chinese Empire."  ness and obligation of Sunday by the application of the moral law, appealed unto the courts for the enforcement of the civil law in behalf of Sunday observance. Is it a strange thing that there is a marked decline in religion when we consider that the ministers no longer preach the Bible? Will this condition improve if our ministers add to their political and sensational sermons, prosecutions for nonconformity? , * * * Sunday in Havana. But how can a nation be independent which must have some other nation or nations maintain its inde-pendence? How would England and Russia view the establishment of a foreign "sphere of influence" on their own soil, as touching their own independence? * * * The prospect is that the Chinese empire, under the pressure of these "spheres of influence," will rapidly dis-integrate, and the control of trade interests in the vari-ous "spheres" will pass into the hands of the respective powers; and this is a matter that touches the commer-cial interests of the United States. * * There is a steady progress in the evolution of circum-stances which are drawing the United States into the vortex of European politics. Washing May Be Done On Sunday. RECENTLY a lady in Baltimore, Md., on a Sunday morning washed out a change of table linen and placed the articles on a line in her back yard. At six o'clock the following Monday morning a `policeman called and informed her that she was wanted at the police court at 10 o'clock the same morning to answer a charge pre-ferred against her for breaking the Sabbath. When she came before the court she was asked to hold up her hand and swear that she had been washing on the Sabbath day. Upon refusing to condemn herself, and explaining just what she had done, the judge told her that she was "not guilty," and after volunteering his belief that Sat-urday was the true Sabbath according to the Scriptures, and strongly intimating that the complainant in the ease was a minister living next door, to whose church the defendant had previously belonged, he pointed out the difficulties that would confront all who attempted to keep Saturday, and then sent his prisoner home with the advice that she obey the laws of the land rather than at-tempt, against all odds, to follow Scripture teaching in the observance of the Sabbath. It is generally conceded by those who have taken the trouble to investigate the case that the minister having failed to convince his former parishioner of the sacred- THERE is Sunday closing in the city of Havana. This is by order of General Ludlow. "Every business house in Havana except the drug stores and cafes," says the press dispatch, "were closed at 10 o'clock this [Sun-day] morning." It adds that the thousand or more clerks who petitioned the military governor to issue the order are much pleased; but "not so, however, the store-keepers and the general public." This is a Sunday law with no "dead letter" about it; for there is no dead letter about military orders. People in Havana must "keep the Sabbath" or feel the rigorous hand of military discipline. Whoever fails to honor Sunday as prescribed may count himself fortunate if he escapes being shot. This is the first time Havana was ever subjected to a Sunday law. Under a Protestant government an insti-tution which stands as the distinctive mark of papal power and authority, is enforced as it never was under the papal rule of Spain. Havana is now the most orthodox city under Amer-ican rule. WHEN the Declaration of Independence is thrown aside for the sake of conquest abroad, it is gone as a bulwark of defense for American rights at home. A Problem of Civilization. NEWS sent from Manila by soldiers in letters to rela-tives in this country, is frequently of a kind not trans- mitted through the regular newspaper channels. For example, in a letter to a friend in Sacramento, Cal., one soldier says:Š "I must say that our generals do not want any pris-oners, and when they capture any they take their guns away and tell them to go back to Aguinaldo and get more guns. Fulthermore, if we catch any of their men wounded, to rid them of their misery we simply put a bullet through their brains and send them to their happy bunting-grounds." Another, in a letter to his father, living in the same city, says this:Š "Every soldier in Manila was 'just dying' for a chance 