AMERICAN SENTINEL. 715 big, brown bundle and handed little Mabel a nice pair of warm shoes and stockings! O what a thanksgiving was kept in the poor little house! but it seemed to Elsie that she was happier than she had ever been in her life, and she could perfectly un-derstand that which had always been so hard before for her to comprehend; the words of the merciful Saviour : "It is more blessed to give than to receive." MRS. L. D. AVERY-STUTTLE. The Bear With the Three Ribs Between His Teeth. "WHAT about the second beast, Charlie? I see you are all ready to begin." " 'And, behold, another beast, a second, like unto a bear,' " read Charlie. "That will do for the present. What have you found out about bears?" "The bear is inferior to the lion. There is a kind of nobility about a lion that is not found in the bear. When a lion has satisfied his hunger, he will leave his food for another time without moiling it over; but a bear is a spoiler and will muss over what is left. The bear hugs or tears his victim to death. There seems to be some re-deeming quality in bears though, as the cubs can be tamed and trained." "You have told enough to illustrate the value of the symbol of the second kingdom that was to be like a bear. History brings out the fact that the second kingdom was inferior to the first. The Medes and Persians had a great deal of trouble with Babylon, and had to reconquer it. When it was captured the second time, they proposed to tear down its beautiful walls, and to carry its treasures away to Susa where they thought to build a finer city than Babylon; but they proved themselves to be only spoilers; for while they dismantled Babylon, they never succeeded in making a city to be compared with it." "What is the next characteristic mentioned?" "It raised itself up on one side," read Charlie. "I think, perhaps, you can explain that yourself," said Mrs. Ross. "Was -it because the Persians grew to have more power in the kingdom than the Medes who first held the throne?" "Yes; that explains the rising up on one side. This point is brought out still morefully in the eighth chapter, where the kingdom is represented under the symbol of a ram with two horns, the higher of which came up last. An angel was to explain the symbol to Daniel. You may read the 20th verse, and see what this ram repre-sented." " 'The ram which thou sawest having two horns are the kings of Media and Persia,'" read Charlie. "No mistake can be made in interpreting these beasts when we let the Lord interpret them. History fills out the specifications of God's Word. What is the next thing about this beast?" " 'And he had three ribs in the mouth of it, between the teeth of it.' Now what does that mean, mama?" "Think, Charlie, and see if you yourself cannot tell me. It was something in its power, under its absolute control." "Very likely it was some country or people who were conquered and oppressed, as it is countries and peoples that governments control." "You are right. But you notice that three ribs are in this beast's mouth. History tells us that three prov-inces were especially oppressed by the Medo-Persian power, because they especially opposed its advance. These provinces were Babylon, Lydia, and Egypt. "After the ribs are between the teeth of this power, what are they represented as saying?" " 'And they said thus unto it, Arise, devour much flesh.' " "When these provinces were convinced that it was no use to struggle against their conquerors, they willingly gave their strength to their former enemies, and by their warlike attitude to unconquered dominions, said, Go on and we will help you to subdue the world.' The history of these times abounds in incidents that illustrate the cruel character of the government." "Yes, mama, I know that this kingdom was cruel; but as far as I have seen, all kingdoms have manifested the same characteristic. Did this kingdom ever seek to persecute men for their faith in God, and for doing his will?" "Yes. Do you remember the story of Esther?" "0 yes, mama. I have always thought that was as interesting as a fairy story." "You remember that the Jews had been taken to Babylon in the time of Nebuchadnezzar. During thellife-time of Cyrus, who was one of the most noble of earthly sovereigns, the Jews were permitted to return to Pales-tine if they wished to do so. It seems that many chose to remain in the Medo-Persian kingdom, and among them was Esther and her uncle and Daniel. At a later date many of these Jews returned to Jerusalem and rebuilt their city and temple just as the Lord had foretold that they would. Now can you tell me what officer in the gov-ernment of Persia was filled with hatred for the Jews, and what he desired the king to do against them?" "The officer was one next to the king whose name was Haman. He complained to the king that the Jews ob served laws that were contrary to the kingdom, and that they ought to be killed. His hatred was aroused by Mordecai, Esther's uncle, because he would not bow down to him. Why was it, mama, that Mordecai would not bow to Haman?" "It may have been for the same reason that the Quakers would not remove their bats in the presence of royalty. It involved a religious principle in their minds and gave an homage to man that they believed belonged alone to God. It was a very terrible thing for so great an officer to do for so trivial an offense. Because he was 