100 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Where does the State of New York get the money that must be had to pay for the keeping of these thousands of prisoners?ŠOnly from the people in this territory, by taxation. There is no other possible source from which this money can be derived. Then the naked question is, Shall you and I put our hands in our pockets and pay out honest and hard-earned money to keep in idleness thousands of criminals of all sorts? or shall we have them work and so pay for their own keeping? It will not do for the laboring man to indulge the thought, that it is only the corporations, the capitalists, and the business men generally, who pay the taxes; and that therefore it is they and not the laboring men who support these convicts. This is not true in fact. It may be indeed that not one laboring man in a thousand, ever sees a tax receipt of his own. But he is not for a moment to conclude from this that he never pays any taxes. The fact is that he is paying taxes in every cent he spends. When the State expenses increase the taxation must be increased. And when the mer-chant, the grocer, and the property holder pays increased taxes, this is carried, to his expense account and is recov-ered in the increased price of something that the laboring man, as well as other people has to 'buy, whether it be house-rent, a hat, a suit of clothes, a pair of overalls, shoes, soap, or what not. So the truth is that if there is any set of men more than another who really pay the taxes,_ it is the laboring men, though they never formally pay any taxes at all. Thus, if there is any set of men more than another who are paying the vast expense of keeping in idleness the thousands of criminals in the prisons of the State of New York, it is the laboring men of the State of New York. Yet this provision of the Constitution was in-serted to satisfy the contention of the "labor" element and professedly in the interests of the laboring man. It is plain enough, however, that those who did it never thought three steps on the principles involved. That provision of the Constitution is the formulation of an utterly selfish and surface view of things. And in the at-tempt to remedy a single fancied inequality, a number of real evils are generated which can only grow greater the longer the thing is continued. -4  Are the ," Dark Ages" a Myth ? THE Papacy answers this question in the affirmative. Witness the folloWing from the Pittsburg Catholic, of January 28:Š "The `Dark Ages' is a favorite subject, constantly alluded to and harped on by dissenting friends. It would be a favor could they show us wherein is the superiority of the present day. .Are our people more happy? The fact and truth are that we are relatively inferior to the ages when men had minds sound enough to bend proud reason in humble submission to the Church." It would be better, then, to get back to the conditions  of the so-called "Dark Ages" as quickly as possible! This is the principle upon which the Papacy is working; and this is what will certainly be reached when the people are persuaded to bow "in humble submission to the church," be that church papal or Protestant. I.- 0-0- -4 A Military Inaugural. IF reports be true, which we have nowhere seen de-nied, the inauguration ceremonies at Washington on March 4th next, are to present at least one novel and very suggestive feature. That will be the presence of an army of 35,000 troops, giving to the inaugural the air of a military, rather than a civil, proceeding. Such an occasion will be hardly more suggestive of the democratic simplicity which marked the inaugural of Thomas Jefferson and other presidents of scarcely yet'  historic times, and which is eminently proper in a gov-ernment whose officials are supposed to be servants of the people, than is the inauguration of a Russian czar. The journey of the President-elect to Washington in the palatial, bomb-proof (or as it is said, accident-proof) car which has been specially provided for the trip, and his entry into office with the accompaniment of military pomp and the gleam of bayonets; can but contain a strong flavor of the despotism and militarism which are characteristic of the governments of the Old World. Nor will this belie their real significance. Militarism and despotism go hand in hand. The love of military' display is invariably greatest where there is the greatest love of arbitrary power. That the love of artitrary power is great in this Republic, and that the lust for and the exercise of such power are rapidly becoming more marked in our national life, no one can well deny. It is only to be expected therefore that there should be an increase of that upon which arbitrary authority depends for its enforcement. , It is significant that the proposed military inaugural seems to excite little or no protest from the people. It would seem that either they have not yet been informed of the fact, or having fallen in with the view recently enunciated by Mr. Cleveland, of the White House, they believe they will "have to accept the situation," and "face the music." The New York Journal, however, is an exception; and it says:Š ‚,‚ Nothing betrays the departure we have made from the democratic simplicity of our fathers more than the preparations for a grand military display at the inaugu-ration of President McKinley. It is true enough that the President is Commander-in-Chief of the Army of the United States, but that is a title and a prerogative that have never been obtruded except in time of war. The people prefer to think of him as a civil magistrate, setting the example of democratic simplicity and avoiding any-thing like pageantry in his public functions. Now for the first time in our history he is to be ushered to his.  place by an army of thirty-five thousand soldiers. What is there in the simple inaugural ceremony of taking the 