290 AMERICAN SENTINEL. earth, for 'that meaning of the sacred dogmas is perpet-ually to be retained which our Holy Mother the Church has once declared; nor is that meaning ever to be de-parted from under the pretense or pretext of a deeper comprehension of them.' It is possible that there will sometime be a Catholic American government; but there never can be an American Catholic Church;Šthat, we would say, is the sum of the letter." The Constitution of American Imperialism.ŠNo. 4. BY JOHN D. BRADLEY. THE philosophy of the transformation of the Con-stitution of American Republicanism into the constitu-tion of American imperialism, is simply this: The noble sons of degenerate fathers who are now in charge of af-fairs are too good, too just, too wise, and too humane to be governed by law. They are better than the Con-stitution of their fathers; their acts are more just, righteous, and humane than the highest and best princi-ples of which their fathers could conceiveŠthe principles which have ever been the true glory of the American Republic. Common sense, therefore, requires that the Constitution should be made to fit their acts, and not their acts to fit the Constitution. When it is pointed out that it is a dangerous thing to clothe men with arbitrary and irresponsible powers over their fellowmen; that it is neither wise nor safe for American statesmen to substitute the principles of des-potism for the principles of liberty, imperialists ask with apparently great concern, "Can we not be trusted?" One of them said in the United States Senate:Š "We cannot be accused of not loving liberty and justice and equality and the rights of men with a love pure, earnest, and unselfish. . . . Let us have faith in the Government. Let us have faith that the powers of government will never be unrighteously exercised. Why should any man, why, especially, should any senator, wish to detract from, to diminish or belittle the power of his government? Why strive by subtle and meta-physical logic-chopping arguments to hamper its opera-tions and circumscribe its province? Rather should we in our Łnational love rejoice to see it invested with strength. Rather should we bid it Godspeed in its mis-sion to relieve the oppressed, to right every wrong, and to extend the institutions of free government. For this is the people's government; the government of a great people, a liberty-loving people, a people that can be trusted to do right, and to guarantee to all men who shall come under its beneficent sway and be subject to its jurisdiction the largest measure of liberty consistent with good order and the general well-being." After stating in the February Forum that the Con-stitution of American Republicanism has absolutely no binding force whatever upon the men who have sworn to support it, and that it is useful only to "consecrate" and to "stamp legality" upon the acts of the "men supremely great" who attend to the matter of its "ex- pansion" and "contraction" as "time and occasion demand," Mr. Denby asks with much feeling, "Is it possible that we are degenerate?" He says at another place:Š "In other lands and in other wars the condition of the conquered people has been hard and deplorable. In our case we march bearing gifts, the choicest giftsŠlib-erty and hope and happiness. We carry with us all that gives to the flower of life its perfume. The dusty East rises at our coming; and the Filipino springs to his feet and becomes a free man. This is not poetry, but reality wrought out by a people to whom freedom is as the breath of life, and who would scorn to enslave a country or a race." And again: "There is great talk of justice and peace, as if we were going to oppress anybodyŠwhich we could not do if we wanted to." "Can we not be trusted?" The answer to that ques-tion rests with those who ask it. Doubtless they can be trusted to some extent with some things if they prove worthy of such trust. Trust is not one-sided, developing spontaneously at the will of the person exercising it. Its existence is not determined altogether by the person exercising it; its existence is largely dependent upon those who are trusted. Trust must be inspired; there must be a ground of confidence, something upon which it may be based. The way to make sure of future trust is to be true to the trusts of the present. It is too much to expect of ordinary people that they can feel secure in their constitutional rights, either now or for the future, when they are told to-day that the principles of the Constitution "are indeed great, but that they are in-capable of literal application." When the people are told to-day that the trial by jury and the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus may be refused without infrac-tion of the Constitution, they do not know how these rights are to be secured to them in the future. There can be no faith here that "the powers of government will never be unrighteously exercised," because there is noth-ing upon which such faith can be based. There are many men who can be trusted with a few things; there are a few men who can be trusted with many things; and there are some men who can be trusted with nothing; but there are no men who can be trusted with arbitrary power. The men have never lived and never will live who can be trusted with unlimited power over any of their fellowmen. It will aid materially in understanding why any man, and even a senator, may "strive" to "hamper" and "circumscribe" the power of government, when it is known why the government is invested with any strength whatever. The government is invested with power that it may uphold the rights of every citizen: Its sovereignty is the expression of the sovereignty of the people; the sovereignty of human rights; the sovereignty of the rule of right. It has "full power to do all acts and things 