THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 317 minority, regarded by the majority as dangerous innovators or disseminators of false theories and doctrines. In my arti-cle on Socialism I noted the case of Mr. King, observing thatŠ He in no way deserves the shameful imprison-ment he is suffering; yet the prejudice of the ma-jority sustains the infamous law that makes crim-inals of the innocent, and takes not into considera-tion the rights of the minority. And what is more, the religious press is so dominated by bigotry and ancient prejudice that it is blind alike to the Golden Rule and the inexorable demands of justice. If in any State the Adventists, the Hebrews, or any other people who believed in observing Satur-day instead of Sunday should happen to predom-inate, and they undertook to throw Christians into dungeons, and after branding them criminals should send them to the penitentiary for work-ing on Saturday, indignation would blaze forth throughout Christendom against the great injustice, the wrong against the liberty of the rights of the citizen. The only difference is that poor Mr. King is in the minority; he is the type of those who always have been and always will be made to suffer when the government is strong enough to persecute all who do not accept what is considered truth and right by the majority. In replying to my paper Mr. Bellamy thus flippantly dismissed this case :Š Of this it may be remarked that had it happened two centuries ago it would have been symptomatic ; to-day it is a curiosity," It will be observed that in order to minify the dangers of paternalism, Mr. Bellamy entirely ignored the point I had italicized, viz.: the Christian sentiment of society was not outraged, and what was more, "the religious press was so domi-nated by bigotry and ancient prejudide that it was blind alike to the Golden Rule and the inexorable demands of justice." To-day we are told that this great judicial crime is "a curiosity," although the relig-ious bigotry of the majority has been up-held by the lower, the Federal, and Supreme Courts, while the religious press has, with rare exceptions, sanctioned the persecution or ignored the case. In vain the long-cherished idea that this country was to pass down the cycle of time known as the land of freedom; that it was to be forever the asylum for religious liberty and the cradle of prog-ress, unless the sober thought of our peo-ple be at once aroused to stem the rising tide of governmentalism and the steady encroachments of religious organizations and despotic foreign thought. Comparatively few of the leading secu-lar journals have deemed this outrage suffi-ciently important to call for editorial comment, notwithstanding it marks the establishing of a precedent which must inevitably work great misery to innocent people at the hands of religious fanatics, unless there is a sufficient agitation to cause the repeal of many iniquitous laws which are a menace to the rightful free-dom of citizens as long as they remain on the statute books.ŠThe Arena. THE safe legislation is no legislation. ŠEvening Sun. Count Tolstoi on American Liberty. UNDER the heading, " The Secret of American Liberty," the New York Ledger last year gave utterance to the following comments on the characteristics of the principles of the American political sys-tem :Š No one has hitherto credited Count Tolstoi, the great Russian novelist, with a specially ex-haustive study of American history. Yet he made a remark the other day which shows that no other European since Henri de Tocqueville has more dis-tinctly recognized the peculiar merit of our insti-tutions. "In the United States," he told an Amer-ican visitor, "you have the best of all govern-ments, because you scarcely know that you have any government at all." It is true, if we reflect upon it, that outside of the seaboard cities, where merchants feel the arm of the Federal Executive exerted through the custom-houses the average citizen is never brought into direct contact with the Federal Government, except through the post-office machinery. Even with the State Govern-ment, he is drawn into immediate and conscious relations chiefly through the higher courts of law. To this day, as in the early epoch of New England history, it is the unit of social organization, the local government of the county, township, and municipality, with which the average citizen is most intimately and constantly concerned. No-where else in the worldŠfor Englishmen, from whom we inherited the blessing, have in a large measure lost itŠis the habit of local self-rule so universal and inveterate as it is in the United States. In this habit lies the safeguard of a personal liberty inseparable from public order, the secret of our exemption from reactionary conspiracies on the one hand and from anarchic revolutions on the other. It is the absence of this habit which makes republican government in, France unsatis-factory and unstableŠunsatisfactory because the present French Republic is more intensely central-ized than many monarchies, and unstable because the people hold the rulers of the moment account-able for shortcomings rooted in the national char-acter. When the French communes, arrondisse-ments, and departments acquire the functions of local self-help and self-control, which are exercised in this country by townships, counties, and States, free institutions will, for the first time, be impreg-nably established, for then Frenchmen will have learned to govern themselves. Count Tolstoi perceives, what is overlooked by too many European liberals, that to confer parlia-mentary government upon a people before it has shown itself capable of managing the affairs of a township, is to begin at the wrong end. But, it may be said, if you give a nation a parliament, that parliament will have the good sense to encour-age local self-government. Such is not the lesson of history. France has had a parliament for a century, yet the traces of local self-rule are now few and faint, compared with what they were under the Bourbons. So, too, the British Parlia-ment, until the recent reaction which led to the establishment of county councils, had long been encroaching on local liberties. The framers of our own Federal Constitution discerned the tendencies of a national Assembly toward centralization and absorption, and provided barriers against them ; but for which our own habits of self-government might have been gradually extinguished. Every day we have evidence of the truth of the statement made by Professor Ger-vinus, the great German critic and writer, in his " Introduction to the history of the Nineteenth Century," in the following words :Š Roger Williams founded, in 1636, a small, new society in Rhode Island, upon the principles of  entire liberty of conscience, and the uncontrolled power of the majority in secular concerns. . . . The theories of freedom in Church and State taught in the schools of philosophy in Europe, were here brought into practice in the government of a small community. It was prophesied that the demo-cratic attempts to obtain universal suffrage, a gen-eral elective franchise, annual parliaments, entire religious freedom, and the Miltonian right of schism, would be of short duration. But these in-stitutions have not only maintained themselves here, but have spread over the whole Union. They have superseded the aristocratic commencements of Carolina and New York, the high-church party in Virginia, the theocracy in Massachusetts, and the monarchy throughout America; they have given laws to one quarter of the globe; and, dreaded for their moral influence, they stand in: the back-ground of every democratic struggle in Europe. Some of the more notable examples of the truth of this are in the great Constitu-tions of the world which have been recently formed; and what Professor Gervinus calls " their moral influence," not so easily seen, has been felt by every nation of the civilized world. The Independent Patriot remarks on this point that " the Constitu-tion of the United States has been largely copied in Brazil, in Australia, and fol-lowed to some extent in Japan. How far the principles of liberty that document contains may yet go in the political world we may not now. know ; but if we will compare the condition of the political world when that instrument was framed, with its condition now, we may see something of the effects produced upon the race by its presentation." " THE director of the United States mint," says the United Presbyterian, " was instructed by the late Congress to secure new designs for our silver coins. It was thought that these designs, partic-ularly those on the dollar, could be easily improved. But, although a prize of five hundred dollars was to be paid for each design accepted, all of those offered were rejected by the committee. If at any fu-ture time these designs should be changed, we hope the words, `In God we trust,' will be allowed to remain." About the only objection to these words on our coins is that it is a bit of senti-mentalism, or rather of religious cant, which, in the very nature of the case, can not be true of the Nation, and is certainly not true of more than a small number of the individuals who compose the Nation. BEFORE the State can teach religion it must have a religion to teach. But the State being not a single individual but an aggregation of individuals, it can have a religion only in the sense of having a creed which it fosters. MR. CRAFTS has never disavowed that famous sentiment concerning Sunday : " Take the religion out and you take the rest out," yet he has the temerity to assert that he is laboring only for a civil rest day 