THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 239 no secret that every rum seller in Chicago has been holding his breath while this question re-mained undecided and pulling all available wires to bring about so desirable a consummation. They at any rate are happy, for they now know that all day long throughout every Sunday during the holding of the Fair, their palaces will be crowded by citizens and strangers alike, pouring into their coffers an unbroken stream of silver, of gold, and of greenbacksŠmoney that was designed to swell the receipts of the Fair, but which senatorial piety diverted into a very different channel. But what a queer chorus of praise will salute the ears of our SolonsŠa chorus in which. the grateful voices of Sabbatarians will mingle with the swelling pwans of triumphant dispensers of Bourbon and of ryeŠwith a grim chuckle, obligato, of Mephistopheles, to give color to the score! These are, truthful words, and especially appli-cable now that the House has followed in the foot- steps of the Senate, and Congress has made for the Nation this hypocritical profession of religion. Š0Š THE San Francisco Examiner gives a column and a half to short interviews with clergymen of the city on the subject of the Sunday closing of the Fair. One declared that " of course the clergy is a unit on this proposition;" and so they would have been but for the sensible utterances of Rev. C. L, Miel, editor of the Pacific Churchman, who said:Š "The question, after all, is one of Sunday observ-ance. It is well to remember that Sunday in the United States has a civil as well as a religious character. A large class of our citizens observe the day solely from a religious standpoint. Holding rigidly to the letter of the fourth commandment, they apply every jot and tittle of it to the Christian Sunday. Their observance of Sunday is strictly and solely ecclesiastical. They have a perfect right to hold their opinions, and to practice them. They have, however, no moral right to compel others who do not share those opinions to act as if they did. Another and a larger class of citizens do not mark their Sundays by any religious observance; they regard and observe Sunday simply as a civil holiday. They, like the former class, have perfect right to do so, provided their observance is within, the law. They have, however, no moral right to compel the former to close their churches and spend their Sunday as a civil holiday. But there is a third, and by far, the largest class of citizens, who observe Sunday in both characters, religious and civil, as a holy day and a holiday. They be-lieve that the day is one of recreation of soul and body. They re-create the soul by public observance of prescribed religious duties. They re-create the body in whatever decent, healthful, agreeable way they may choose. They, like the others have a perfect right to do so. They, like the others, have no moral right to enforce their practices upon those who differ with them. This is a free country, and in nothing more free than this liberty of religious opinion and practice. To open the World's Fair on Sunday is not to compel those who do not believe in Sunday opening to enter its gates and perambu-late its grounds. But to close the World's Fair on Sunday is, in no slight sense, to compel an observ- ance of the day which a majority of our citizens do not believe in. As no one is under compulsion to go to the Fair on Sunday, so, also, no one should be under compulsion not to go. The question of attendance or non-attendance is purely a question of individual conscience. As to the question of opening or closing, I do not believe in denying to two large classes of people the privilege of attend- ing the Fair on Sunday, because a minority, how- ever respectable and well intentioned, desires the gates closed on that day. Beyond this there re- mains the fact that to many Sunday is the only day when they can attend the Fair without a loss in wages, which they can ill afford, or not afford at all. I am now, as I have been from the first, in favor of opening the Fair on Sundays." THE authorities of San Jose, Cal., are enforcing their new Sunday closing law. WE manufacture a choice line of these goods, entirely free from lard-and all adulterations, at the following prices:Š Fruit Biscuits, white flour, - sweetened, per lb. 15c whole wheat flour, a ' 15c Fruit Crackers, not sweetened, 66 4C 15c Lemon Cream Biscuits, 66 64 it HO Graham . 66 66 it 12c Oat Meal t6 it it 4C Ho "A"  Graham Crackers, slightly sweetened " 16 10C not sweetened 66 46 10c "A" Oat Meal " slightly sweetened " .. 10c ..B,, .. 6 4 Li not sweetened 66 64 10c Whole Wheat Crackers, 44 46 10c White 66 very palatable, " 66 10e Carbon CC il it 15e Gluten 66 64 30e Cereola, a prepared grain food, in bulk, 66 44 10C Li 4, t6 66 Pure Gluten, 40e Wheat " 66 66 20e Cereal Coffee, prepared from grains only, a very  choice and healthful drink, in one and a half lb. packages (Once used, never again refused), 25c These goods are put up in boxes, at the following prices:Š Fruit Biscuits, A and B, 31 lbs. per box, $4.00 Lemon Cream Biscuits, 26 " " " 2.60 Graham " 26 " it 66 2.60 Oat Meal Li 80  it 4166 3.00 Any of the above Crackers, quoted at /0 cents per lb., 38 lbs. per box,. 3.00 Cereola, in cases of 50 packages, one and a quar- ter lbs. each, 6.00 Cereal Coffee, 25 packages, 5.00 Cereola and Gluten are prepared foods, thoroughly cooked and ready for use by the addition of some fluid, as milk and cream, fruit juice or water, as best agrees with the individual. SMITH'S DICTIONARY of the BIBLE. "Worker's Edition." EDITED. BY -WM. SMITH, L.L. D. COMPRISING ITS ANTIQUITIES, BIOGRAPHY, GEOGRAPHY, AND NATURAL HISTORY. Price, $2.00. This work contains every name in the Bible respecting which anything can be said; over 500 engravings, and is a complete guide to the pro- nunciation and signification of scriptural names; the solu-tion' of difficulties of inter- pretation, authority and har- mony ; also a history and de-scription of Biblical customs, manners, events, places, persons, animals, plants, minerals, etc., and comprises a most complete encyclopedia of Biblical information. SMITH'S COMPREHENSIVE DICTIONARY OF THE BIBLE WITH MANY IMPORTANT ADDITIONS AND IMPROVEMENTS. Designed to be a complete guide in regard to the pro-nunciation and signification of Scriptural names; THE SOLUTION OF DIFFICULTIES respecting the interpretation, authority, and harmony of the Old and New Testaments; the history and description of Bib-lical customs, events, places, persons, animals, plants, miner als, and other things concerning which information is needed by an intelligent and thorough student of the Holy Scriptures, and of the books of the Apocrypha. Over 1,200 royal 8-%. pages. Cloth, $5.00; library, $6.00 ilarThe above named books will be sent post-paid on receipt of price. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY 12th & Castro Streets, I 43 Bond Street, OAKLAND, CAL. NEW Yenta. Cereola is a universal Health Food, and is calculated for use both in sickness and health. It is the same as formerly adver-tised under the name Granola. Goods, to the value of eight dollars, will be sent on the re-ceipt of SIX dollars, being 25 per cent. discount. Iu ordering, please remember that the rate of freight on 26 lbs. will be the same as on 100 lbs. Remit by Bank Draft, Money Order, Express Order, or Postal Note. No private checks accepted. Write us for special rates on large lots. REFERENCES. To whom it may concern: We the undersigned, residents of Battle Creek, Mich., take pleasure in stating that Mr. Joseph Smith, manager of the Health Food Department of the Battle Creek Bakery Co— has resided in Battle Creek for nearly 20 years, and is a competent and responsible man, and of long experience in his line of busi-ness, and one whose goods we can heartily recommend to the public. URIAH SMIRH, Editor Review and Herald. HON. W. C. GAGE, Ex-Mayor. J. B. KRUG, of Krug's Business College. THOMAS H. BRIGGS, M. D. HON. GEORGE WILLARD, Pub. Journal. S. S. FRENCH, M. D. R. T. KINGMAN, Vice-President City Bank. M. RORABACHER, M. D. HON. W. H. MASON, postmaster. HON. J. W. BAILEY, Ex-Mayor. ' T. E. SANns, M. D. FOUND AT LAST! A POCKET SPELLER, DICTION- ARY, AND MEMORANDUM BOOK COMBINED. It gives the right orthography of all words (over 22,800) in common use, and in nearly every instance their definition. It also gives rules for the use of capitals and punctuation marks, abbreviations of names of States and Territories, letters of intro-duction and recommendation, definitions of commercial terms, forme of notes, due bills, receipts, letters of credit, orders for money, merchandise and goods stored, principal holidays, marriage anni- versaries, combination of shades, and carefully selected laws of etiquette in social and business life, also a silicate slate for memoran- dums. This Speller gives the most complete list of words in com-mon use; it is a Speller, Dictionary, Handy Companion, and Memorandum Book combined; it is indexed it prints all words pronounced alike but spelled differently, so they can be dis-tinguished at a glance; it shows where the letter e at the end of a word is to be dropped when adding ed or ing; it gives a com-plete list of the most practical business forms; it gives the laws of etiquette in social and business life; these rules alone are worth the price of the Speller. This Speller is bound in leather, is of convenient size to be carried in vest pocket, and its price brings it within the reach of all. American Russia leather, gilt edge, 50 cents. Sent post-paid to any address on receipt of price. Address all orders to PACIFIC PRESS, 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. THE CHRISTIAN'S SECRET OF A HAPPY LIFE. BY HANNAH WHITALL SMITH. Standard edition, I2mo, 240 pages, 75 cents. Handy classic edition, 18.mo 292 pages, cloth, gilt edge, 85 cents. Address, PA CI FIC PRESS PUB. CO., 43 Bond street, .New York. HEALTH FOODS. PURE CRACKERS AND BISCUITS, and Cereal Coffee MANUFACTURED BY THE BATTLE CREEK BAKERY COMPANY ESTABLISHED IN 1881. ..BA,, Address, BATTLE CREEK BAKERY CO., Battle Creek, illicit. 