162 .SAO IE S 1EN '11111NTRILA VOL. 11, No. 21. preaching if released. In child-like honesty she replied that he dare not leave off preach-ing so long as he could speak. " Her request was denied, and she left the court-room in tears, not so much she said, because they were so hard-hearted against me and my husband, but to think what a sad account such poor creatures would have to give at the coming of the Lord Jesus.' " Jesus wept because Jerusalem stoned the prophets, and Bunyan's wife was much like him. But, this giant in genius was just as tender-hearted as his wife. Where do we find such pathos in any passage as this, which he wrote in prison:Š " The parting with my wife and poor children hath often been to me in this place as the pulling off my flesh from my bones; and that not only because I am too fond of those great mercies, but also because I should have often brought to my mind the hardships, miseries and wants my poor family was like to meet with should I be taken from them ; especially my poor blind child, who lay nearer my heart than all I bad be-sides. Poor child, thought I, what sorrow art thou like to have for thy portion in this world? Thou must be beaten, suffer hunger, cold, nakedness, and a thou-sand calamities, though I cannot now endure the wind should blow on thee. But yet, thought I, I must venture all with God, though it goeth to the quick to leave you. I was as a man who was pulling down his house upon the head of his wife and children. Yet, thought I, I must do it, I must do it." Kindness Cannot Compensate for Injustice. Bunyan's jailer was very kind to him. His blind daughter was permitted to visit him at will, and latterly even Bunyan himself was per-mitted to visit his church unattended and even to preach. But these facts,  do not abate from the iniquity of his imprisonment. No amount of favor at the hands of an individual can compensate for injustice on the part of the law and the courts. The chapter of wrong and oppression for Christ's sake is a long one, and yet the world has only partially learned the lesson. We talk of religious liberty, and yet practice only toleration. The imprisonment of J. W. Lewis, in Tip-tonville, Tenn., and of Wm. Simpson, in Chatham, Ont., for ordinary quiet Sunday labor that interfered with nobody and re-quired nobody else to work, is just as in-defensible from the standpoint of religious liberty and of equal rights as was Bunyan's im- prisonment for holding meetings and preach-ing contrary to " the statutes made and pro-vided." His Case Before Sir Matthew Hale. Bunyan's imprisonment was according to " due process of law." As already stated, his case came before Sir Matthew Hale, that em-inent justice whose name is revered by all. This only proves the inspired declaration that " great men are not always wise." Bunyan was not an enemy of civil order, nor did he needlessly defy the authorities. He believed that God had called him to preach the gospel, and he felt that he had no right to forbear. "His persecutors," says the "Encyclopedia Britannica," " tried to extort from him a promise that he would abstain from preach-ing; but he was convinced that he was di-vinely set apart and commissioned to be a teacher of righteousness, and he was fully de-termined to obey God rather than man. He was brought before several tribunals, laughed at, caressed, reviled, menaced, but in vain. He was facetiously told that he was quite right in thinking that he ought not to hide his gift; but that his real gift was skill in repairing old kettles. He was compared to Alexander the coppersmith. He was told that 4  VOL IV., p. 528. if he would give up preaching he should be instantly liberated. He was warned that if he persisted in disobeying the law he would be liable to banishment; and that if he were found in England after a certain time his neck would be stretched. His answer was, 'If you let me out to-day, I will preach again to-morrow.' Year after year he lay patiently in a dungeon, compared with which the worst prison now to be found in the island is a palace." Did He Court Persecution ? Some might reason that Bunyan might as well have given the required pledge not to preach as he was not able to preach while in prison, and that therefore he courted perse- cution. This is a shortsighted view of the matter. The living preacher's voice is hushed, but not The voice of noble and unfettered thought; In that lone dungeon Bunyan breathes the air Of a celestial clime, for God is there.5  Bunyan preached more loudly and effec-tively in prison than he could possibly have done any place else; and his patience and endurance under persecution did much to secure a greater degree of religious toleration in England. Count me o'er earth's chosen heroes,Šthey were souls that stood alone, While the men they agonized for hurled the contume-lious stone, Stood serene, and down the future saw the golden beam incline To the side of perfect justice, mastered by their faith divine, By one man's plain truth to manhood and to God's supreme design. By the light of burning heretics Christ's bleeding feet I track, Toiling up new Calvaries ever with the cross that turns not back, And these mounts of anguish number how each gen-eration learned One new word of that grand Credo which in prophet-hearts hath burned Since the first man stood God conquered with his face to heaven upturned. For Humanity sweeps onward: where to-day the martyr stands, On the morrow crouches Judas with the silver in his hands; Far in front the cross stands ready and the crackling fagots burn, While the hooting mob of yesterday in silent awe return To glean up the scattered ashes into History's golden urn.' Motive of His Release. Even Bunyan's release was not the result of the desire on the part of the authorities to do justice. " He owed his complete liberation," says the "Britannica," " to one of the worst acts of one of the worst governments that England has ever seen. In 1671 the Cabal was in power. Charles II. had concluded the treaty by which he bound himself to set up the Roman Catholic religion in England. The first step which he took towards that end was to annul, by an unconstitutional exercise of his prerogative, all the penal statutes against the Roman Catholics; and in order to disguise his real design, he annulled at the same time the penal statutes against Protest-ant Nonconformists. Bunyan was conse- quently set at large. In the first warmth of his gratitude he published a tract, in which he compared Charles to that humane and gen-erous Persian king, who, though not himself blessed with the light of the true religion, favored the chosen people, and permitted them, after years of captivity, to rebuild their beloved temple. To candid men, who con- Rev. R. Farman, D. D. Lowell's "Present Crisis." Sider how much Bunyan had suffered, and how little he could guess the secret designs of the court, the unsuspicious thankful-ness with which he accepted the precious boon of freedom will not appear to require any apology." Nevertheless the sacrifice which he made was not lost. More than two centuries have passed since Bunyan's suffering for the truth ceased. But the result of his heroic life sur-vives to day, and in this year of grace 1896, men are nerved and encouraged to endure as he endured for the love of the same truth and the same Saviour for which he counted it a privilege to suffer. Ł THE CURE CURE FOR IMMORALITY. THE Willimantic (Conn.) Christian En-deavor Union, at a recent meeting adopted unanimously the following resolution:Š Resolved, that we earnestly entreat all good people in this part of the State, and more especially do we urge it upon the parents and young people connected with our churches and Christian Endeavor societies, to refrain from giving, attending, abetting, or partici-pating in card parties and dances, for the reason that the fruits of these things, when there are any fruits at all, are always evil, and the Master whom we serve has said that " a good tree cannot bring forth evil fruit." As a method of combatting immorality this is infinitely better than invoking the power of the civil authority to compel an outward show of regard for righteousness which is not felt in the heart, although, as the Outlook of May 9 remarks, mere " pro-hibitary and restrictive measures are of very little avail in promoting a pure life. Christ said," it adds, " that when an unclean spirit is cast out of a man, and returning to him, finds the soul swept and garnished, he takes seven other spirits worse than himself and enters into him, and that the last state of that man is worse than the first." What is necessary is anew tenant in the soul from which the devil has been cast out; and that new tenant must be the Lord Jesus Christ. But if mere resolutions to abstain from exercises tending to immorality cannot fortify the soul against evil, much less can the heart be puri-fied by legal compulsion which has not even the consent of the individual to its opera-tions. " Out of the abundance of the heart the mouth speaketh;" and out of an evil heart will flow an evil life, in spite of all that human power can do to prevent it. No one, however, can well question the propriety of endeavoring, by precept and example, to induce people to forsake the ways of evil and walk in the path of righteousness; and when the appeal can be made upon the basis of God's word, it will often take effect in the heart, since " the word of God is quick and powerful, and sharper than any two-edged sword, piercing even to the dividing assunder of soul and spirit, and of the joints and mar-row, and is a discerner of the thoughts and in- tents of the heart." The word of God strikes conviction to the soul, repentance follows, and the heart is purified by faith. And here is the difficulty with the efforts made to reform people so as to secure the better observance of Sunday; the appeal can- not be based upon Scripture, since Scripture does not sanction the claims of Sunday as a day of rest. Moral suasion in the matter is robbed of all its potency by this fact; and it only remains to secure Sunday observance by that method which knows nothing of faith or of the convicting power of God's word,Šnamely, the force of the civil " law." But the word of God does support the seventh-day 