9F- .—...— — 31 I-IN Nth. 1" l'''47j'-  k,----,  -, —, — " IR   E T Y,,,, .Tang man bear 'my words and believe not 'judge him not =Jesus Chr4st CHICAGO, NOVEMBER 29, 1900. Any one receiving The Sentinel of Liberty without having ordered it, may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered The Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. THE ﬂ special " SENTINEL comes next week. Don't forget what we have said about it, and don't forget to order a supply for missionary use. LOOK this paper through carefully, and see .if you are not convinced of the necessity of such a jOtirnal in this country to-day. And if so, is it not worthy of'your support? ONE of the announced objects had in view by the promoters of the Catholic federation is " the Sunday observance." See page 739. Upon this common ground Protestantism and Rome a-re being drawn together. IN Canada the " Lord's Day Alliance " intends to secure a law which will take away from the- person convicted of Sunday desecration the privilege of appealing to a higher court; in other words, to deny to him what is granted to the worst criminals. See page 741. 4t,  THE SENTINEL does not want anybody to be a pessimist, but does want everybody,  to -be vigilant, for " eternal vigilance is the price of liberty." Ignorance may be bliss, but it is not folly to be wise when peril is approaching. You may not see it-coining, but that is no evidence that it will over-look  , you. - .4 .4 You against it? THE best conscience is a non-elastic one 'that the owner can not stretch over the condnCt-of some oneelse. " STRAWS show which way the wind is blowing," and for some years there has been a wind:blowing in this country from' a direction which always indicates a storm. Read THE SENTINEL a few weeks and you will be convince*Ahat this is so.  .4 .4 THERE is only one generation between us and the Dark Ages; that is, the coming generation would repeat the scenes of that period of history if they were educated to it. Everything depends op the kind of education the people are getting. .at SUNDAY laws and ordinances can not do very much against the powerful corporations that do business on Sunday, but they will have less trouble in dealing with unsupported individuals who make Sunday a working day. .4 .4 THE question as to whether or not the Constitu-tion follows the flag, is to be argued before the United States Supreme Court next month. The question has, however, been settled So far as the people can settle it, by the recent election.- .at CALIFORNIA, the only State in the Union that did not favor the churches either by a Sunday law or by exempting church property from taxation',-at-the recent election reversed its position on the taxation of church property by .a "large majority." Church property will hereafter be exempted there as_ in other States; in Other words the people will be taxed by the State to help maintain the churches. This victory will no doubt encourage the people:who are calling for a Sunday law in that State, and a deter-mined effort to that end may be expected in the' near future. ONE FARE -FOR THE ROUND TRIP. THE Grand Trunk Railway_ System will run WHAT will you do, reader, when-the "-law of God', Annual Canadian Excursion from Chicago on is set up in this country as the basis of government, December 13, 14, 15, and 16;  Returning_ tickets instead of the consent, of the governed? Will you will be good to leave,destination until January 5,, be swept along with the current of popular acqui- 1901. For information as to rates and traia-s0:y- escence in the new system? if not, whatŁ is to hold ice, apply to J. M. I3'urgis, G. P. and T. g S. Clark Street, cor: Jackson Bouleyaid, Chicago. 