ERICAN SENTIN "IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS. AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. ALONZO T. JONES, EDITOR. NEW YORK, JUNE 10, 1897. VoL. 12, No. 23. Single Copy, 3 cents. The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. ligrAny one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it .may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have mot ordered the Sentinel need have no tears that they will be asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Post-office.) FORTY years the Lord led and fed his people in the -wilderness. All this time he was teaching them the way of allegi-ance to himselfŠthe way of faith. This he did in order that his purpose might be ful-filled through them in the land whither they were going to possess it. At the end of the forty years they were encamped in the plain of Moab, opposite to Jericho, preparatory to 'entering the land of their possession. While there encamped the will of God concerning them was declared by an irresistible inspiration upon the prophet Baalam, and in words of instruction to his peo-plefor all time. And the words are these: "Lo, THE PEOPLE SHALL DWELL ALONE, AND SHALL NOT BE RECKONED AMONG THE NATIONS." At that time the Lord's people composed " the Łchurch in the wilderness " (Acts 7:38); and in thus de-claring that they should dwell alone and not be reckoned among the nations, he plainly declared his will that his -church should be forever separated from every State and nation on the earth. God never intended that his people should be formed into a kingdom, or State, or government, like the people of this world; nor that they should in any way be con-nected with any kingdom, or State, or government, of this world. They were not to be like the nations or the people around them. They were to be separated unto God "from all thepeople that were upon the face of the earth." The people were to dwell alone, and were not to be reek--oned among the nations. Their government was to be a Theocracy pure and simpleŠGod their only king, their only Ruler, their only Lawgiver. It was indeed to be a church organization, beginning with the organization of the church in the wil-derness; and was to be separated from every idea of a State. The*  system formed in the wilderness through Moses, was to continue in Canaan; and was intended to be perpetual. "The government of Israel was administered in the name and by the authority of Jehovah. The work of Moses, of the seventy elders, of the rulers and judges, was simply to enforce the laws that God had given. They had no authority to legislate for the nation." For God had declared plainly: "Ye shall not add unto the word which I commanded you, neitherŁ shall ye diminish ought from it." Thus the principles of their government were solely those of a pure Theocracy. And such "was and continued to be the condition of Israel's existence as a nation." In any government it is only loyalty to the principles of the government, on the part of its citizens, that can make it a success. Consequently, on the part of Israel, it was only loyalty to the principles of a pure Theocracy,ŠGod their only King, their only Ruler, their only LawgiverŠthat could possibly make that government a success. But loyalty to these principles demanded that each one of the people should constantly recognize and court the abiding presence of God with him as the sole King, Ruler, and Lawgiver, in all the conduct of his daily life. Yet it is "byfaith" that God dwells in the heart and rules in the life. And "without faith it is impossible to please him." Therefore the existence of the original govern-ment of Israel, and the existence of Israel as a nation, de-pended upon a living, abiding faith in God, on the part of the people of Israel. And just here, the only point where Israel could fail, Israel failed. The people did not abide in faith. They did not remain loyal to God as their King. "And Joshua the son of Nun, the servant of the Lord, died, being an hundred and ten years old. . . . And also all that generation were gathered -auto their fathers : and 