AMERICAN SENTINEL. 663 in apostolic times? Blessed be God, there is no change in any of these. The change is in man. What does this statement of Dr. Burrell mean when analyzed? He says, "My right to SabbathŁobservance depends upon a law for Sabbath observance for all. If others do not keep it, I can't." Sabbath-breaking is a sin. The remedy for sin is Jesus Christ. "Thou shalt call his name Jesus; for he shall save his people from their sins." Matt. 1:21. The only way Jes us can save us from our sins is to save us from sinning. If he can save us from committing one sin, he can save us from committing some other sin. If he can save us from committing the sin of theft, or of taking the name of the Lord in vain, he is able to save us from the sin of Sabbath-breaking. That Christ is qualified to save us from sinning he has abundantly proven. All the temptation to sinŠSab-bath-breaking includedŠChrist has met and overcome, for "he was tempted in all points like as we are, yet with-out sin." Nor is this all. He has measured the full strength of each temptation. Satan expended the full force of each one upon Christ. Furthermore, Jesus met them in our flesh. What he did once he can do again. So we read that "what the law could not do in that it was weak through the flesh, God sending his own Son in the likeness of sinful flesh, and for sin, condemned sin in the flesh, that the require-ments (R. V. margin) of the law might be fulfilled in us who walk not after the flesh, but after the Spirit." This is true. God did send his own Son in the like-ness of sinful flesh. And in that way he did condemn sin in the flesh. And as certainly as he did that, so certainly will the requirements of the law be fulfilled in those who walk after the Spirit. But let it be remembered that when Christ did this, "he was in the likeness of sinful flesh." In other words, in order that the requirements of the law might be ful-filled in us, Christ Must be in us. Back there he was in our flesh all the time. Down here he must be in our flesh all the time. Let it be remembered, too, that when Christ did all this, he was met with the fiercest opposition. The same conditions that exist now existed then. And further, he did it all in our flesh with all the rest opposing him, and did it as effectually as though there were no opposition. That being so, he is just as able to live in me now and keep me from sin, as though there were not another soul in the whole wide world. He is therefore able to save a soul from breaking the Sabbath while all the rest are breaking it, as though there were nobody else on earth to break the Sabbath. Why, then, is it that Dr. Burrell and those who be-lieve with him are not able to keep the Sabbath while others are breaking it? The answer is plain. "Be aston-ished, 0 ye heavens, at this, and be horribly afraid, be ye very desolate, saith the Lord. For my people have com-mitted two evils: they have forsaken me, the fountain of  living waters, and hewed them out cisterns, broken cis-terns, that can hold no water." Jer. 2:12, 13. The power of God is infinite. He is so great, and his presence so all-pervading, that in his sight the nations of earth are but as drops in a bucket, and they are counted as the small dust of the balance. Isa.40:15. It therefore cannot make much difference whether he deals with one individual or with the whole race of mankind together. If he cannot save a soul from sin, and thus from Sabbath-breaking, while all others are opposed, he cannot save anybody even though there be no opposi-tion. If this be true, there is no salvation in.Jesus Christ, and his name as a misnomer. Now if I cannot keep the Sabbath without therebeing a law compelling everybody else to keep it, then in that thing the State is the saviour. But why then not go the whole distance? If the State is capable of saving a soul from the sin of Sab-bath-breaking, it is capable of saving him from all other sins. What need of Christ then? What need of the Holy Spirit? But Christ is able to save, and to the uttermost, from the sin of Sabbath-breaking. The State is not. That being so, why look to the State for help? Why not to Christ? tr. The Law of Liberty. By A. T. ROBINSON. So speak ye. and so do, as they that shall be judged by the law of liberty. James 2:12. JAMES here speaks of the law of the ten command-ments, which he calls "the royal law," or the law of the great King. This is evident in that he quotes two of the precepts of that law. See verses 8-11. Why is this called the law of liberty? What is liberty? The child will an-swer, "The right to do as I please." It is evident, how-ever, that to this there must be some limitations. I might please to do something which might justly dis-please many others. My liberty would then, in this sense, mean their slavery. It is evident that liberty, in its truest sense, must be a blessing which is possible to every one at the same time, and not to a few only, and that at the expense of the many. There must be recog-nized, therefore, some boundary lines of right between man and man, else liberty is impossible. The Bible, in several places, represents the law of God as a hedge or fence. What is a hedge or fence?ŠWhat but a boundary line of right between two individuals? It says, "You must not come over this side to infringe my right, and I must not go over on that side to infringe yours." Just such a hedge, just such a boundary line of right, is each one of the ten precepts. This is not more true of the last six commandments than of the first four, but it is more apparent. "Thou shalt not steal." That means that you must not step over the line to take what is mine, and I must not take what is yours. "Thou shalt 