THE AMERICAN ,SENTINEL. 79 Of the women must be deferred until your next number. N. R. JOHNSTON. -Mr. Johnston's denial on behalf of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union will not answer. It is not sound. The National Woman's Christian Temperance Union Con-vention of 1887 declared "Christ and his law to be the supreme authority in National as in individual life," and in other places it is added, "to whose laws all human laws should Conform." Human laws are made to be en-forced; if not enforced they are a nullity. If therefore the laity of Christ is of supreme au-thority in National life;and human laws are ,to conform to it, then the enforcement of such Jamis can be nothing else than to compel men to practice Christian duties, whether of tern-perance or any other. Our assertion is only ,the-.logic of the Woman's Christian Temper-Mice Union premises. It is therefore neither unfair noruntrue. We know full well that "the powers that be are ordained of God ; " we also know that thoUgh they are ordained of God, they are not or-' (Lined toŁ exercise any authority in things Which pertain 'to God. The civil powers are ordained only to the exercise of power in civil things, and not at all in moral 'or religious things. " Christian women as well as Christian men " should desire civil prohibition ; " but it is es-sentially religious prohibition that is desired by both the W. C. T. U. and the Prohibition partjr, :and not the religious' prohibition of the liquor traffic alone, but the religious pro-4fibition of things that are not irreligious nor even uncivil. 'And' that is why we are "so de-cidedly opposed'"to the political aspirations of the W.: C. T. U., and the religious aspirations of the Prohibition party. A. T. J. Ł 4. Sound Sentiments. THE following preamble and resolutions were sent to us by the organizations named. They have our hearty endorsement:Š WHEREAS, The Board of Education of the city of Boston has recently discarded a text-book from use in the public schools of the city, through the influence of a Roman Cath-olic priest, because the said' text-book con-tains a historical statement with reference to the abuses of the Papal church at the time of the rise of Protestantism in Europe. (The book is Swinton's "Outlines of the World's History," a standard text-book, and ' the objectionable language used by the author is as follows :Š "There was complaint of many practical abuses of the church, and at the claims of the Popes to interfere in the affairs df nations ; and there was also a growing feeling among many, that not a few of the doctrines which were believed, and of the ceremonies, which were practiced, ,in church were contrary to Scripture. "It was in this state of affairs that there arose a dispute, trivial, indeed, in its nature, but which kindled a flame that quickly spread over_most of Western Europe. When Leo X. came to the Papal chair, he found the _ . treasury of the church exhausted, by the am-bitions projects of his predecessors. He .--thergore 104 recourse to bvery means which  ingenuity could devise for recruiting his exhausted finances, and among these he adopted an extensive sale of indulgences, which in former ages had been a source of large profits to the church. The Dominican friars, having obtained the monopoly of the sale in Germany, employed as their agent Tetzel, one of their own order, who carried on the traffic in a manner that was very offen-sive, and especially so to the Augustinian friars.") ' And for this historical fact, stated in the mildest language possible, this text-book is excluded from the free schools of Boston, the honorable Board of Education bow-ing in meek submission to the arbitrary man-date of this hierarchy; therefore, Resolved, By Camp 22 of the Patriotic Or-derŁ Sons of America, of Leadville, Colorado, that we do most earnestly protest against this ar-bitrary ecclesiastical interference with the lit-erature of the free schools of our land. At this rate it is but reasonable to expect the next scene in the drama will be the ex-pulsion of "Froude's History of England" as a text-book in our common schools, because the author states the truth respecting the bloody persecution of the Roman Catholics by the Church of England at the time of the execution of Mary Stuart by the rapacious Protestant, Queen Elizabeth, Or, through the influenceŁ of some religious fanatic, some standard History of the United States will be discarded from use in our pub-lic schools, because the author records the abuses and prejudices of the early Puritans in their bitter persecutions of other denomi-nations in New England; and in condemning to death poor old innocent women supposed to be possessed of witchcraft. In passing this resolution of censure it is with no malice to the Catholic Church ; but we would raise our voice equally strong against the interference of any Protestant Church in the dictation of the literature of the free schools of our common country. Had this ecclesiastical edict have been pre-scribed for any parochial school, it would have been none of our business. But that such an outrage should have been perpe-trated upon the public schools of the very city where the first battles were fought to free the American Colonies from British tyranny, be-neath the shadow of Bunker Hill and old Faneuil Hall, the "cradle of American lib-erty," the city where once lived the Adamses, Franklin, Parker, and Wendell Phillips, it is enough to Jmake these illustrious patriots re-turn from the tomb and with Sepulchral voices rebuke the pusillanimous cowards who compose the Board of Education in the so-called "Athens of America." Resolved, That a copy of these expressions of our sentiments be forwarded to the Board of Education of Boston, and for publication in the Boston Herald and the AMERICAN SENTINEL. R"spectfully subfnitted, T. H. BAKER, W. H. VAN BUREN, Com. A. C. WILSON, These resolutions were unanimously adopted by Camp 22, at their session July 16, 1888. W. W, CoBLE 7  And I certify that these resolutions were unanimously indorsed by Camps 5 and 13, at their session July 18 and 21, respectively. WILLIAM P. HAYlluasT, District Pres. Bound Volumes of the Pacific Health Journal. VOLUMES 1 and 2 of the Pacific HealtleJournal, from June, 1885, to November, 1887, inclusive, have been bound up in one neat volume, leather back and corners, cloth sides. It contains over 400 large oc-tavo pages of very useful and instructive reading. Every family should possess a copy of this book. Price, post-paid, $2.25. Address, Pacific Health Jour-nal and Temperance Advocate, Oakland, Cal. Ł• Ł 4. The American Sentinel. - THE demand for extra copies of the July, August, and September AMERICAN SENTINEL is so great that we have had to print a second edition of those three numbers. The July SENTINEL contains: "A Sensible Letter," "The Entering Wedge," "The Church and State,  Bill," " The Presbyterian Cardinal," " Religion in Japan," "A Word of Warning," "Woman Suffrage," etc. The August number contains : " A Calm View of Na-tional Reform," "Rome's Influence," "The National Reform Vice-Presidency," " Russia and Religion," "Let There Be No Alliance with Rome," "That Sun-day Commandment," "National Reform in the South," "A Congressman's Opinion," etc. And the September issue has been pronounced the best number of them all. It contains : "The AMERICAN SENTINEL and the Woman's Christian Temperance Union," " What Constitutes a Catholic School 7" "Religious Wickedness," "The Savor of Tyranny," "Bad Institutions and Good Men," "The National Establishment of the Christian Religion," "The Po-litical Value of Religion," " Comments on National Sunday-law Petitions," etc. One copy of each of the above three numbers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL will be sent post-paid to any ad-dress for 10 cents. Sixty assorted back numbers of the SENTINEL (four different dates), post-paid, for $1. One hundred back numbers, for $1.50 ; or $15 'per 1,000 copies. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Cas-tro Street, Oakland, Cal. OUR COUNTRY-THE MARVEL OF NATIONS, ITS PAST, PRESENT, AND FUTURE, AND' WHAT THE SCRIPTURES SAY OF IT: Py SMITH. AUTHOR OF "SMITH'S PARLIAMENTARY RULES," ETC., 'ETC. THIS is a new and popular work on a subject of the deepest interest to all American citizens. It takes a brief but compre-hensive view of our Government from a Historical, .Political, and Religious Standpoint. The Sunday question, Modern Spiritu,alisnt, and Ł National lieforrn ARE PROMINENT AMONG THE TOPICS ABLY DISCUSSED IN THIS WORE. THE MARVEL OF NATIONS is a work of 300 pages. It contains a steel plate of the author, and over forty illustrations. It is printed in clear type, and bound in cloth ; price, $1.00. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, Oakland, Cal PACIFIC HEALTH JOURNAL AND TEMPERANCE ADVOCATE. A THIRTY-TWO PAGE MONTHLY MAGAZINE, devoted to the dis-semination of true temperance principles, and instruction in the art of preserving health. It is emphatically A JOURNAL FOR THE PEOPLE, Containing what everybody wants to know, and is thoroughly practical. Its range of subjects is unlimited, embracing every-thing that in any way affects the health. Its articles being short and pointed, it is specially adapted to farmers, mechan-ics, and housekeepers, who have but little leisure for reading. It is just the journal that every family needs, and may be read with profit by all. Price, $1.00 per year, or with the 800-page premium bookŠ" Practical Manual of Hygiene and Temper-ance," containing household and cooking recipes--post-paid for $1.40. Address, PACIFIC PAW, PIPliellers, 0410414 CAL r Ł M, YAK PITKN, Bee,  Sec,  