180 AMERICAN SRN TINED. Zeal for the Maryland Sunday Law. SOME idea of the activity displayed by certain of the clergy of Baltimore and vicinity in seeking to defeat the bill for a modified Sunday law in that city, may be gathered from the following which was printed in the Baltimore Herald, of March 9:Š " 'Kill it, and kill it quick,' was the motto of the ministerial conference held last evening at Westminster Presbyterian Church for the purpose of devising plans by which the Sanford bill may be defeated. The at-tendance was fairly large, and the enthusiasm was unboun ded. "The meeting elected Mr. Appold as the presiding officer, and Rev. J. L. Allison offered the opening invo-cation. The first speeches were made by Mr. D. W. Glass, Rev. Oliver Hemstreet and Mr. Vansant, the last speaker giving a short review of the work that has been accomplished by the Sunday-law supporters. Mr. Glass had been to see the Federation of Labor regarding the matter, and Mr. Hemstreet urged the members to be active, as it would require work and energy to defeat the bill. Mr. Appold, in the course of a few remarks, said that the candy stores should be closed everywhere, 60 that children going to Sunday-school with pennies would not be tempted to part with them. "At the suggestion of Rev. C. E. Guthrie, Mr. Bal-lard, of the Junior Order of American Mechanics, read a communication from its secretary, indorsing the spirit of the opposition movement. One of the most feasible propositions of the meeting was made by Rev. Harry L. Mitchell, who advised that a church be secured in An-napolis and that the Baltimore ministerial delegation, and all others who may be interested in the cause, should hold a mass-meeting there, and invite the mem-bers of the legislature to be present. Mr. Hemstreet objected to the proposition, on the ground that the leg-islators are overworked, and would not have time to attend the meeting. Mr. Ballard then offered resolu-tions that a telegram representing the expression of the Young People's Society of Baltimore, the Junior Order of American Mechanics, and the Patriotic Order of the Sons of America, be sent at once to Mr. William Duncan, chairman of the city delegation. The resolu-tions were unanimously adopted. "Mr. Glass moved that a committee of seven be ap-pointed to work in opposition to the Sanford bill by keeping in touch with the city delegates, the county delegates, and by correspondence with ministers in the counties, urging them to use their personal influence with the delegates in their districts. The motion was adopted, and Mr. Appold was named as the chairman, with power to increase and direct the committee. "Mr. Guthrie made a brief address, in which he sug-gested that the city delegation should not be consid-ered, as a whole, as antagonistic to the Sunday-law supporters, until its members had put themselves on record to that effect. He also hinted that the city delegation should not favor the Sanford bill for future political reasons, if for no other. [Italics ours.] A mo-tion by Mr. Mitchell, to appoint a committee to confer with the labor organizations, and if possible wheel them into line, was unanimously adopted. The general com- mittee was authorized to frame resolutions thanking the county and city delegations for their favorable sup-port in the recent contest. "Before the meeting closed there was a collection for a campaign fund. West Baltimore District Epworth League subscribed $5; Baltimore District Epworth League, $5; Christian Endeavor Society of Baltimore City, $5; East Baltimore District Epworth League, $5; and the Patriotic Order Sons of America, $5." As this exciting and determined contest is being waged over the question of modifying the old Sunday law of the State, it will be well to have this law before us. It is as follows:Š "SABBATH-BREAKING. "SEC. 247. No person whatsoever shall work or do any bodily labor on the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday, and no person having children or servants shall command or willingly suffer any of them to do any manner of work or labor on the Lord's day (works of necessity and charity always excepted), nor shall suffer or permit any children or servants to profane the Lord's day by gaming, fishing, fowling, hunting, or un-lawful pastime,  or recreation; and every person trans-gressing this section and being thereof convicted before a justice of the peace, shall forfeit five dollars, to be ap-plied to the use of the county." "SEC. 248. [This section prohibits the sale or giv-ing away on Sunday of any 'goods, wares, or merchan-dise whatsoever,' including tobacco, candy, or mineral waters. Penalty for first violation, $20 to $50 fine; for second violation, $50 to $500 fine and imprisonment for ten to thirty days, with revocation of license for a year: for third violation, imprisonment for thirty to sixty days, and a fine double the amount previously imposed, with revocation of license for two years. Ex-ceptions, milk and ice dealers and apothecaries when putting up bona fide prescriptions.] "SEC. 249. [This section prohibits dancing saloons, theaters, ball alleys, and barber shops, on Sunday, under a penalty of $50 to $100 fine for the first offense, double this amount for the second offense, with ten to thirty days' imprisonment, and a continual doubling of the penalty for each successive violation.] "SEc. 22. [This section prohibits catching oysters on Sunday, under a penalty of $50 to $300 fine, or sen-tence to the house of correction for any period from three months to one year, or forfeiture of boat used in the act.] " The Sunday law of Maryland therefore is, as plainly as words can state it, for the purpose of preventing "Sabbath-breaking," or the "profaning of the Lord's day;" and is therefore upon its very face a religious law. And this religious law stands with the civil laws upon the statute books of Maryland, in a country where it is loudly proclaimed that there is no union of church and state! It is a strange thing, but it is so. A law to prevent "Sabbath-breaking," is a law for-bidding any person to change his religious belief from that embodied in the law, regarding the day to be ob-served as the Sabbath; for if he changes his belief he will not regard the law. No person can conscientiously 