JULY (5, 1893. TVICIO _EC CA. TV g   1E-C1Vrr 211 for his paper on that dayŠbut in what other way could that paper so confidently give items of news not published in the press generally, and which could in the very nature of the case be gathered only by observation? Nor is it alone in the wilds of the Windy City that the reporters of the Mail and Express, the employ& of the estate of the late President of the American Sabbath Union, ruthlessly trample upon the first day of the week and break the revised edition of the fourth commandment which reads, " The first day is the Sabbath." Witness the following item of Harlem news, from the Mail and Express of the same Monday :Š It is stated that there are nearly five hundred saloons between 100th Street and Harlem River on the East side, and yet it is safe to assert that at least two-thirds of them were in full blast all day yesterday. The blinds were down, but the side doors were open and liquor was sold and carried away under the very eyes of the police. A " Mail and Expressman" saw two cans of beer carried from a saloon near the 126th Street police station in less than five minutes yesterday afternoon, and no attempt was made at concealment. Of course it is possible that a reporter might, on his way to church, see two cans of beer carried out of a saloon; but could he, with that limited observation, know that at least two-thirds of the five hun-dred saloons, in a given district, were open? Certainly not. It is painfully evident that, even in New York City, reporters of the Mail and Express gather news on Sunday, and that while that journal would suppress the Sunday paper, it does not, on its own account, suppress Sunday news gathering for the Monday paper. We are afraid that the Lord does not like the Mail and Express, for we understand that he hates the hypocrite. C. P. B. Sunday in the Fourth Century and in the Nineteenth. THE result of the fourth century Sunday laws was ruin to the church that sought and obtained them; and nothing but ruin can come from those of the nineteenth century. The same false theocratical theory pre-vails to-day among National Reformers, with the same object, namely, to dominate the State in the interests of the Church. The Woman's Christian Temperance Union teaches that a "true theocracy is yet to come, and humanity's weal depends upon the enthronement of Christ in law and law makers." Once more: " The kingdom of Christ must enter the realm of law through the gateway of politics." Now put up against this the words of Christ himself : " My kingdom is not of this world." There never was but one theocracy; that was the Jewish theocracy. But when that kingdom was overthrown by Baby-lon the decree went forth: "Remove the diadem, take off the crown. It shall be no more until He comes whose right it is, and I will give it to Him." Now from that day, to the end of time, if a theoc-racy should arise, it would be man-made, and would result in exalting man in the place of God. This was so in the fourth century, the result of which was Paul's " man of sin." 2 Thess. 2 : 1-6; the " Mother of harlots," of Rev. 17, which was " drunken with the blood of the saints, and with the blood of the martyrs of Jesus." The history of that man-made theocracy is written in bloody per-!secution of all dissenters, A little theocracy was set up in the wilds of New England, and the result was persecution; whipping the Baptists and hanging the Quakers. And those who have imbibed this false theocratical theory are seeking by the same means, namely, Sunday laws, to dominate the State to compel those who do not belong to the Church, to act as though they did. The Sunday theatre, the Sunday trains, the Sunday newspapers and Sunday games are like the ancient circus, competitors of the Church. The churches of to-day can-not bear competition; they want a mo-nopoly. They have set out to secure a monopoly in the same way as the ancient church and, like the mother church, they will follow on, even by persecution, to compel all others to do as they do. Speak-ing of Sunday trains, etc., one of the leading workers among these reformers, M. A. Gault, says : " Our remedy for all these malific influences, is to have the Government simply set up the moral law, and recognize God's authority behind it, and lay its hand on any religion that does not conform to it." Mr. Edwards, D.D., says: " We want State and religion and we are going to have it." The Christian Statesman says: "Enforce upon all who come among us the laws of Christian morality." This language plainly says, " enforce," " lay its hand on any reli-gion," except Their own. This means per-secution.ŠPublius, in McIntosh Times, Minnesota. .-0-4--- is It a " Cause for Rejoicing "? THE Michigan Christian Advocate, in its issue of May 20, found great " cause for rejoicing " in " the action of the au-thorities in closing the gates of the World's Fair on the Sabbath." It is well that it rejoiced while it had opportunity ; for doubtless ere this its joy has been turned to mourning; "and there shall be heavi-ness and sorrow," for " the end of that mirth is heaviness." The advocates of the total separation of Church and State have long pointed out that the union of civil and ecclesiastical power leads to tyranny and paternalism, and ultimately makes a complete wreck of the government, but it also works dis-aster of the most ruinous character to the Church. So while the Church glories in alleged victory as it gradually edges itself into possession of civil power, it not only thrusts a thorn into its side, admits a canker to prey upon its flesh, and inoc-ulates a most deadly poison into its sys-tem, but lays bare its very vitals to the voracious greed of that vulture whose appetite is satiated with nothing less than total consumptionŠthe devil. Let the Church take warning before it is too late. The Advocate further says :Š True, it was done with great reluctance and not without tremendous pressure brought to bear from every possible direction, btit it was finally done with a thoroughness worthy of the determined management. Shall this be considered as a reproach on the work which Christ committed to his Church? He has plainly declared how his work must be done: " Not by might, nor by power [not by tremendous pressure brought to bear from every possible di-rection] but by my Spirit, saith the Lord of hosts." As to the " thoroughness " of the work, the word of God, which is the sword of the Spirit (Eph. 6: 17) is "quick, and powerful?  and sharper than any two- edged sword, piercing even to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit, and of the joints and marrow, and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart." Heb. 4 : 1 2. The Lord has provided all the " thoroughness " that will ever be called for in the work of his church. The Advocate continues :Š Perhaps never in the history of the world was so persistent a fight made to override the wishes of Christian people, and turn a national institution completely over to antichrist and mammon. The wishes of Christian people do not rightly demand any more respect from the State, simply because they are the wishes of Christian people, than those of any other people. The State has only to consider what the wishes are and on what grounds they stand, and it matters not whether they come from the veriest sinner in the land or from the most righteous saint; if they are in harmony with the true principles of all State legislation they must be recognized by the State, for this reason and no other. If complying with the wishes of Christian people would lead the State to any measures subversive of the public or individual freedom of its subjects, they ought to be overridden, and trampled into the dust. Exactly the same would be true of the wishes of the un-Christian or of any citizen. The more persistent the fight in such cases the better. As to turning a national institution over to antichrist and mammon, the latter perhaps has the first claim on the Fair; but the fact about the former is that in yielding to the wishes of the Christian (?) people the State has not only attempted to turn a national institution over to anti-christ, if so be that the institution is national, but it has turned itself over to antichrist. And the Church by allowing such requests to be granted without rais-ing a protesting voice, by making such requests herself, and by actually glorying in the granting of such requests, is hast-ening on apace. Having been the suitor in this adulterous union she will feel it her duty, forsooth, to hold the bond sacred. Again, the Advocate says :Š The infidel elements, the Seventh-day Adventists, and the reckless representatives of greed, all com-bined in a gigantic array of alleged arguments, some of which were plausible, to break down the authority of the Sabbath, nullify the action of Congress, and to lift the flood-gates of wickedness as an American object-lesson for the representa-tives of the world. Here, again, the same principle touched on above is involved. If infidels and reckless representatives of greed are ask-ing for the right thing on right grounds and from right motives, or protesting against wrong things done on wrong grounds, Seventh-day Adventists are glad to be classed in with them in such a work. On just what ground the infidel asks for an open Fair may be a question; but it is doubtless the recognition of an infringe-ment, not only of his inalienable rights, but also of the rights guaranteed him by the Constitution of the United States. And right here let it be remarked that those whose minds are freest from preju-dice and bias from a perversion of true religion, are often the quickest to see when the State oversteps its rightful bounds and goes to tampering with legis-lation entirely foreign to its legitimate sphere. Personally, the writer knows of infidels who, by reading a few numbers of the SENTINEL and using a little reason and common sense, have grasped more of the true ideas of religious liberty and lib-erty of conscience?  than some of the most 