284 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Government ?, There are German and French infidels in their native countries; are they hostile to this Govern-ment? ŁWashington declared in the treaty with Tripoli that this Government was not founded upon the Christian religion; how then can opposition to Christianity be classed as opposition to the Government? This position supposes what is not true, that the United States Government and the Christian religion are identical in their scope and design; but they are as differ-ent as it is possible for two things to be. One is to save all mankind from sin and to make them holy and happy forever; the other is to conserve the civil rights of Ameri-cans; and that only in this life. Making sin against God to be the same as treason against the State is a perfect reproduction of the principles of the papacy. Precisely such teaching in the past has thrust the noblest men into prison, lighted burning piles round dissenters and filled the earth with martyrs. It deifies the State, and demands of every one who reads the words "Thou shalt have no other gods before me," to admit the government on an equality with the God he worships, as a part of his Deity. Again: the reverend gentleman who voiced these sen-timents in the ears of the President thinks that the ob-ject of the Constitution and of the Government which it creates is to serve the interests of the church or churches.  To him the provisions of the Constitution are only a bill of rights, guaranteeing to all the churches full liberty and forbidding any abridgment of that liberty! Here again is another monstrous perversion of the Constitution. It is assumed that the Constitution considers only the rights of the churches ! We have always supposed, and we appeal to history to sustain our contention, that the Constitution was instituted to maintain the rights, not of churches, nor of persons as members of churches, but of men as men. Freedom of men in religious things is the constitutional idea. If it were not so painful it would be amusing to see how the same old relations that once existed between the papacy and the civil governments of the world are urged under other terms as the proper relations which should exist between this Government and a federation of the churches here. In the place of the "Holy Roman Church," they have Christianity, and in the place of "union" they now offer the word "cooperation." Let no one be de-ceived by this change of names and terms. The Catholic Church was the name of what passed for Christianity in the. Middle Ages, full as much as the confederated churches pass for it now; and "cooperation" can only be attained by a practical union of these churches in their united capacity with the Government. The enforcement of a religion common to all the churches has in it all the elements of danger that the en_ forcement of the religion of any one church or sect has. To those who are outside the pale of that religion, it is the same as Rome against the Waldenses; Prelacy against Quakerism; Puritan against Baptist. It is well that Romanism is by this presidential teacher taken as a part of the whole of the new national religion, though against  the protests of the Statesman. As a mother of experi-ence she can instruct her unsophisticated, but fast ma-turing, daughters in those arts of ,securing her ends by laws, which have been so successful in the past, albeit at the expense of liberty, and which have made all the world wonder after her. She is a great teacher, and it would seem that many are learning her teaching who should be learning from her history in the past the lesson of the great danger of ecclesiastical domination from coopera-tion with the State in the affairs of government. Some Significant Statistics. THE Christian Observer (Presbyterian), of Louisville, Ky., in its issue of March 24, gives the following statis-tics of church attendance in that city, the reliability of which cannot be questioned. Unless Louisville be an ex-ceptional cityŠwhich cannot be reasonably assumedŠthese statistics have an ominous significance in relation to the question of the general church attendance in this so-called "Christian nation." Do they not speak with startling emphasis of the need of a power nothing short of the "power of God unto salvation" to awaken the people from their condition of spiritual death? Nothing less than God's own power can meet the emergency; and this' power is in the simple gospel of his Word. The Observer says:Š "In so far as church attendance is a guage of the spir-itual life and activity of the members, a census of the church attendance reveals the extent and the depth of spirituality in the community. With this in view, and with the kind cooperation of the young men of our Theo-logical Seminaries and of the Young Men's Christian Association, we have recently obtained a report from al-most all the evangelical churches in the city of Louisville. In this report are included the seating capacity of the churches, the number of church members on the roll, the number of accessions on profession of faith during the year 1896, and the number present at the morning and the evening services on the Lord's day, at Sunday school, and at the mid-week prayer-meeting. The result of the census is as follows:- 91 Churches report seating capacity 39,898 84 " [l  membership 25,423 54 men joined (1896)  489 70 LC number joined (1896)  2,337 87 at morning service 14,588 85 at evening service 10,483 84 at Sunday school 13,829 53 GC at prayer-meeting  2,207 "The population of the city is not far from two hun-dred thousand persons. According to the census of 1890 it had 161,129 inhabitants. Since that time there has been a natural growth, and also an increase by reason of the annexation of several suburbs. One estimate places the population as high as 215,000. "Assuming the moderate estimate of 200,000 as its real population, we must deduct for those who have some valid reason for absence from the house of God on the sabbath. 