The Graphic Atlas ŠAND Gazetteer of the World. With over 220 Maps, Charts, Plans of Cities, etc., All revised to the present date. ŠALSOŠ GAZETTEER with nearly 55,000 PLACES and RESULTS of NEW CENSUS. iv J C BARTHOLOMEW, F.R.0 S , F R.S E. Quarto (size, 10% x inches), half morocco, gilt top. PUBLISHER'S PRICE, - $7.50 OUR PRICE, Post-paid, $3.75 Throughout the Atlas the countries cf the world have been treated with fullness in proportion to their commercial importance and interest. States section a separate Map is given of each of the States and Territories. The Canadian Provinces are treated in similar detail. In the United These Maps have been specially compi:ed from the latest and best Government Survey Maps, and have undergone local revision for the verification of New Counties, Townships'and Railways. Among the special features are Maps of the Hudson and Rhine Rivers, the Yosemit Valley, United States Rail-ways, British Isles Railways, mean Annual Temperature, mean Annual Rainfall; also Maps showing environs of New York, Chicago, Philadelphia, Boston, San Francisco, Now Orleans, Montreal, Quebec, Toronto, Ottawa, Rio Janeiro, London, Liverpool, Manchester, Moville, Paris, Vienna,-Rome, Constantinople, Cape Town, Jerusalem, etc., etc. The GAZETTEER of the W OR L D is a valualle feature for such a book of reference. It contains entries for about 55,000 places, is emptied from the latest authorities, and is specially complete in American,names. The results of the New Census have been incorporated. For compactness and portability this volume is, in proportion to its ample contents, quite unique ampng Atlases. ADDRESS PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Bond Stret, New York City. .:. The Story of. .:. itealrn rsiand BY ROSALIND AMELIA YOUNG, A Native Daughter. DITCAIRN ISLAND, one of the volcanic gems of the Pacific, has been heard of wherever the English language has been spoken. The story of the working out of the problem of human life on its limited territory Reads stranger and more thrillingly in many respects than a romance. But most if not all of the tales told and books printed have either been too fragmentary, or incorrect and misleading. It will be in-teresting to the friends of that miniature world to know that An Authentic History has been written, and that by a native of the island, one to the manor born. The tide of the new work appears above. It is written by Miss Rosa Young, one of the direct descendants of the mutineers of the Bounty. The book, of 256 pages, is a plain, unvarnished tale of Pit-cairn and its inhabitants from its settlement to the year 1894. It is written with a Charming Simplicity of Style which refreshes the reader and invites a continued peru-sal. This work is illustrated with 26 engravings by the half-tone process, and its 23 chapters have each a neatly engraved heading. PRICE $1.00, POSTPAID. Thousands can be sold by those who will canvass their neighborhood. Address any State Tract Society, or Pacific Press Publishing Company, Kansas City, Mo. Oakland, Cal. New York City. 134 ANILE:a-treA.N Vol,. 10, No. 1'7. the mainstay of our institutions and our liber-ties is paralyzed. The 'civil view of the Sunday law makes it more absurd and no more feasible or defensible than the religious view. In either view it is a gross usurpation of jurisdiction and power on the part of government over matters of which it can possibly have no rightful control. In the one event it assumes to control the conscience, which the Constitution expressly forbids. In the other it seeks to control in matters no less inviolable and sacred against its usurpation. All in the world government has to do in the premises is to allow all men to stand on an exact equality as nature and our Constitution intended. The veriest dolt can see that there is no equality under this law between those who believe in Sunday holi-ness and those who do not. Ł ROMAN CATHOLIC FRANCE AS A MISSIONARY. THE Catholic Times, of Philadelphia, which puts whiskey advertisements in the same col-umn with its appeal for St. Joseph's House for Homeless Boys, gives room to the follow-ing illuminating paragraph in its Paris letter: The first batch of soldiers left Paris this week for Madagascar. As they marched through the streets considerable emotion was displayed by the people. Tobacco, money, flowers, and little presents of every description were forced on the men by enthusiastic citizens, while incessant cries of " Viroe la Prance" and "Vice l'Arinee" were kept up. The French protecto-rate over Madagascar is now only a question of time. There is a determination on the part of the republican government to assert supreme control over that distant and beautiful island. In the meanwhile the Catholic missions there may suffer somewhat, although from a let-ter just received from Mgr. Cazet, the vicar apostolic, I learn that so far the Catholic religion has not suffered on account of the approaching French invasion. The expedition, indeed, from the Catholic point of view, is most desirable. The Protestant sects have had their ' own way there far too long. The time is approaching when our missions will receive a substant:al support from that European power which, whatever the faults at home, has never failed to protect Catholic interests abroad. It is the fashion to speak of French policy in Madagascar as a check to England. It is nearer to the truth to regard it as a check given to British Prot-estantism. The French invasion of this native African State, already largely Christianized, with a Christian queen and a Christian government, is supported by Catholics, it seems, as a war upon Protestantism. This is a shameful con-fession. See how these Catholic Christians love the Christians of Madagascar! The gos--pel was carried by Protestant missionaries to the Malagassy while they were yet savages. These brave men sacrificed themselves, shed their blood, that the cross of Christ might be set up in that heathen land. Now, after the heroic days of missionary work are over, and after the people have become true followers of the Lord of love and peace, Catholic Christians propose a war .of subjugation that the domi-nant Christianity may be put down or super-seded. Shame to those who avow a sympathy so foreign to the character of the gospel:ŠThe Independent, April 4. BICYCLE FOR SALE. A Good Substantial High Grade BICY-CLE for $93. A-Bargain for some one. Vor particulars, address, T. A. KILGORE, 43 Bond St., N, w York City. HIS GLORIOUS APPEARING,. -.6 Ł AN EXPOSITION OF MATTHEW 24. Revised, Enlarged, and Illustrated. The book contains 96 pages, with twenty full page illustrations. The work takes up Christ's great prophecy of his own second coming, and the signs of the times are clearly pointed out in their relation to that greatest event. Ł JUST THE BOOK FOR THE TIMES. Interesting, Timely, .Ł. and .Ł. instructive. PriceŠAttractive Board Cover, 25c. CRUDEN'S CONCORDANCE A DICTIONARY, And Alphabetical Index To THE BIBLE. Cloth Binding, - 91.25. With "Sentinel,' - 1.90. -ADDRESS-- PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Bond Street, New York City. THE SIGNS OF THE TIMES, A SIXTEEN-PAGE Weekly Religious Journal. Doctrinal, Practical, earnest, Protestant, Scriptural, Christian. This really two dollar paper v ill be furnished at the following PRICES OF SUBSCRIPTION: Single Copy, One Year, Post-paid, Ł $1.50 Single Copy, Six Months, Post-paid, - Ł .75 In Clubs of Ten or More to One Address. Post-paid, - 1.25 To Foreign Countries in Postal Union, Post-paid, - ($2) 8s. Address, Signs of the Times, 12TH AND CASTRO STREETS, OAKLAND, CAL., U. S. A History of the Doctrine of the Soul, among all races and peoples, ancient -and modern, in-cluding theologians, philosophers, scientists, and un-tutored aborigines, carefully brought down to the present time. 186 pp., 12mo., 75 cents. PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Bond Street, New York City. Caklnnd, Cal. Kansas City, Mo. 