170 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. dependent upon him for power to move the machinery. So far as showing the pluck of Rhode Island the Doctor would have done better by reference to its early history and its noble stand for liberty of conscience, but that particular feature of Rhode Island history was not apropos to the occasion. Not so the reference to " Old Plymouth Rock." The Puritans had sterling qual-ities but tolerance for the religious opin-ions of others was not among them. They had no sooner escaped persecutions themselves than they began to persecute others, ' and " Old Plymouth Rock " in-stead of being, as some would have us believe, a souvenir of soul liberty is a reminder of the first religious despotism established upon American soil. At Washington. .THE Senate Committee on the District of Columbia has decided to report favor-ably the bill to prohibit the sale and de-livery of ice, in the District, on Sunday, with amendments permitting such sale and delivery between the hours of seven and nine in the morning and five and six in the evening, while the House has taken time by the forelock and passed the bill, without so much as a word of debate, ex-cept a gentle reminder from Mr. O'Neil of Missouri that hot weather was coming on and the chances were that Congress would sit all summer and might need ice (to coot its heated discussions no doubt), but even this did not find its way into the published record. This matter is worthy of note as the first distinctive legislation on the Sunday question by either branch of Congress, and because of the fact that the wording of the bill causes the House to decide authoritatively the question as between the seventh and the first day, that the record in Genesis is wrong and that Sunday is the Sabbath. The impor-tance of this step by Congress on the broad road to a union of religion and the State warrants an excerpt from the Con-gressional Record. This is the record of the passage of the bill :Š DELIVERY OF ICE ON SUNDAY. MD. HEMPHILL. Mr. Speaker, I call up the bill (H. R. 8367) prohibiting the delivery and sale of ice within the District of Columbia on the Sabbath day, commonly known as Sunday. The bill was read, as follows:Š Be it enacted, etc.. That from and after the passage of this act it shall be unlawful to sell or deliver ice in any quantity or quantities, by means.of wagons or other vehicles, on the public streets or thoroughfares or at depots or offices within the Dis- trict of Columbia on the Sabbath day, commonly known as Sunday. SEC. 2. That any person or corporation violating the provis-ions of this act shall be liable to a penalty of not less than $25 nor more than $50 for each offense, upon conviction in the police court of the District of Columbia. SEC. 8. That all acts or parts of acts inconsistent with this act be, and the same are hereby, repealed. The Committee on the District of Columbia rec-ommended the following amendment to come in after the word " Sunday ' in line 7. In line 7 insert "except between the hours of 7 and 9 o'clock antemeridian and 5 and 6 o'clock postmeridian." The amendment was agreed to. The question was taken on the engrossment and third reading of the amended bill, and the Speaker declared that the " noes " seemed to have it. MR. HEMPHILL. Mr. Speaker, there are 3,000 employes asking for this bill, and the ice companies have agreed upon it. In nearly every city in the country from New York down, the sale and deliv-ery of ice on Sunday is entirely prohibited. These employes work now fourteen hours a day, and this bill will relieve them by limiting their work on Sundays to three hours a day, two hours in the morning and one in the afternoon. It is simply a.  measure in the interest of these people who are overworked, and I do not think there can be any objection to it. MR. PICKLED. Why would not one delivery a day on Sunday be enough ? MR. HEMPHILL. They think that this bill is rea-sonable Ma. HEARD. And that it will give better service MR. HEMPHILL. Yes; that it will give better ser-vice. I ask for a vote. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time. The question was taken on the passage of the bill, and the Speaker declared that the "noes" seemed to have it. On a division there were Šayes .76,, noes 21. So the bill was ,passed. On motion of MR. HEMPHILL, by unanimous con-sent, the title was changed so as to read : " A bill regulating the delivery and sale of ice within the District of Columbia on the Sabbath day, commonly known as Sunday. The bill will be brought upon its pas-sage in the Senate soon, no doubt, yet, before the Senate shall have acted the icemen will probably demonstrate the en-tire lack of necessity for any such legis-lation by ceasing to deliver ice on Sunday, by mutual consent. Employes of the different ice companies have said when questioned as to the cause and necessity for such action in their behalf by Con-gress, that it only arose through the fears of the different companies, each that the other would continue to deliver on Sun-day, and through a monopoly of the de-livery on that day secure the others' cus-tomers; it seemed to be the opinion among them, however, that the principal com-pany, delivering in the city, would stop sending out its wagons for geneiŁal de-livery, on Sunday, at all events, although the bill should not become a law. The favor with which this bill has been received by the House and the District Committee of the Senate has already roused those who are inter-ested in promoting this line of legislation to a consideration of the advisability of drafting and presenting a similar bill in reference to the sale of groceries on Sun-day. It is evident that as soon as the smallest modern precedent shall have been established, committing Congress to this class of legislation, it will be immedi-ately followed by other and more pro-nounced measures. The complexion of this Congress is much more religious, superficially, than the last. While it would not bend the knee to the theory of the divine right of governmental paternal-ism so readily, yet it would yield more unthinkingly to the authoritative demands of its individual pastors and religious masters. THE petitioning of Congress for the closing of the World's Fair on Sunday still continues with unabated zeal. The Methodist Conference at Omaha tele-graphed the President and Senate that about one-sixth of the population of the United States asked, through them, that Congress should take some action to close the Fair gates on Sunday, or at least should make that the condition of further appropriations. The claim of numbers, which the Methodists thus officially make, absorbs the entire church membership; of all denominations, in the United States, outside of the Roman Catholic Church. These religious legislationists are phenom-enally blind to the patent misrepresenta-tions which they make. They seem to think that if they say it is so, then it is so, whether it is so or not, and what is more they expect others to agree with them. The conference of colored Baptists, lately in session in Washington, gave an evening to the discussion of the Sunday question, and at the close of a presenta-tion of the claims of the first day of the week to be observed as a holy day of rest  in preference to the seventh day distinctly commanded in Holy Writ, resolutions were passed in the usual language which characterizes the stock official action of the church organizations of late, resolving an " approval of the Christian Sabbath " and asking that Congress shut the gates of the Fair on Sunday and barricade them with some million dollar boxes of bullion out of the treasury vaults. FOR the furtherance of the organized effort to attain national and municipal righteousness by legal enactment and en-forcement it has been quite the custom of late to bring to bear upon Washington,. in the hope that some stray shot may hit a congressman, all the heavy artillery possible among the legal religionists. A masked battery of their forces having. been lately uncovered in New York, in; the person of Dr. Parkhurst, he was im-mediately invited to the Capital and spoke' to an overflowing congregation at theŁ Church of the Covenant, on the evening of May 16. Dr. Parkhurst's rhetorical style is quite "Kiplingesque," sharp, bit-ing, unique. His sentences were spear thrusts barbed with unexpected epithets. This unlooked for originality of thought and method seemed to catch his audience, which was fairly representative of Wash-ington society in general, although there were but very few lawmakers and officials present; even those who lent their names to the public invitation being conspicu-ously absent. The exordium of the dis-course was a studied philosophical pre-sentation of the National Reform theory of the municipal and national responsibility of a Christian nation, in which he talked about saving men " in their social and civil inter-relation," and reached the climax of. that idea when he described Heaven as " a redeemed commonwealth." According to his theory one of the last of the duties of the Church is the conver-sion of the individual. He says, It is a great thing to be a holy man, better to be a holy family and greatest to be a holy munici-pality. The Church has been busy with the indi-vidual and family, but if I do not mistake, and I do not think I do, it is just coming into touch with the organizations of society, and striving to have them seized upon by a divine spirit. Human his-tory is to culminate in a divine municipality made up of holy men bound together in holy relations. . . . If the only question was, how many men can be brought to their knees, all we would need to do as a church would be to strengthen our evan-gelical work. The body of the discourse was an astute defense, indirectly, of the Parkhurstian methods for the evangelization of the municipality of New York, and a savage attack upon Tammany and the New York Police Department. In introducing Dr. Parkhurst, President Rankin of Howard University, referring to the means used by the Doctor to obtain evidence, in the late cases against propri-etresses of houses of prostitution, brought by the Society for the Prevention of Crime, said " If there is any shame in the act we, Christian citizens of this Capital City o the Nation, wish by our presence here to participate in that shame." It is safe to say that not all present were ready to agree to any such division with the Reverend detective. IT must have been with mingled feel-ings that those who consider this a Prot-estant Christian Nation looked upon the funeral pageant in the Senate Chamber of the United States on the occasion of the 