270 AMERICAN SENTINEL, HYGIENIC HELPS For the Housewife. The books described below were prepared to assist those who wish to live in harmony with scientific health reform principles. They were written by practical housewives, and every recipe has been carefully tested. A FRIEND IN THE KITCHEN. We have no apology to offer in bringing to the attention of our readers a cook book discarding an article of diet which is every-where known to contain disease-producing germs, often of a most virulent type. " While "A Friend in the Kitchen" contains no flesh food recipes, it does contain an abundance of that which is most palatable and whole-some, and it also tells how the foods may be prepared in the best possible way. Its no recipes are interspersed with short talks on foods and food combinations and other items of practical value and importance to every housewife, as well as to those who wish to study the sub-ject of diet for their own benefit. Remember it contains about 400 carefully tested recipes. The binding is a new preparation resembling leather, is almost as durable, and may be washed the same as oil cloth. PRICE, 60 cents postpaid. NATURAL FOOD OF MAN. This new book does not contain untried recipes, for a first edi- I tion of the book was gotten out by the author about a year ago. It met with such a favorable reception that we have now arranged to issue this revised and enlarged edition. Part I.-MAN'S PRIMITIVE DIET. By Milton O. Wilcox. Part II.-HOW TO PREPARE IT. By Mrs. Flora Leadaworth. Part III.-FOOD FOR THE SICK. By J. M. Leaclaworth. M. D. The recipes discard meat, eggs, milk, and all animal pro ducts, and furnish a variety of palatable substitute dishes containing the necessary food elements to properly nourish the body. Heavy illuminated paper covers, - - price 25c. For either of the above books, address any of our agencies, or our nearest House. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., Ł 39 Bond St., New York City. Oakland. Cal. Kansas City, Mo. The question often arises as to what is the proper rela-tion of the Christian patriot to his go-iernment. The true principles are, of course, to be found in the Bible, but a new booklet has just been prepared by Alonzo T. Jones, entitled "Christian Patriotism," that plainly and forcibly points out the right position for all to assume. It is a Biblical, original, and thoroughly com-mon sense treatise on this important subject, and is of vital interest just now. Every SENTINEL reader should have a copy. Price in Paper Covers, 15 cents ADDRESS, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., Oakland, Cal. 39 Bond St. New York City. Kansas City, Mo. ,  50 Per Cent. Discount on' These. The following numbers of the Religious Liberty Library will be discontinued as soon as the stock is exhausted. Many of these have had a wide sale and are still excellent for gratuitous distribution. Send on your orders at once for of some numbers we only have a few copies. 50 per cent. off will be allowed only when 100 or more are ordered at a time. Full price for smaller quantities. 1. Due Process of Law and the Divine Right of Dissent  15 cts 2. Religious Intolerance in the Republic  1 3. Church and State  10 4. The National Sunday Law  25 5. Sunday Laws lirthe United States  13i 6. The Captivity of the Republic  15 7. Appeal and Remonstrance  1K 8. Appeal from the U S. Supreme Court Decision Making This a "Christian Nation"  15 10. Religious Liberty and the Mormon Question  1Y1 11. The "Civil Sabbath;" or Disguised Religious Legislation  4, 12. The Columbian Year, and the Meaning of the Four Centuries 23,4  13. The Limits of Civil Authority  14. Christ and the Sabbath  k 16. Our Answer: Why do Seventh-day Adventists Suffer Impris- onment Rather Than Keep Sunday'    18. ChrisVand the Pharisees: or Christ's Faithfulness in Sabbath- 22.pig  The Legal Sunday: Its History and Character  40 25. "The Immaculate Conception of the Blessed Virgin Mary"  1 26. The Puritan Sabbath for "Physical Rest"  h 27. Religious Persecution, or the "Blue Laws" Revived  8 29. Papacy and Prophecy, or "The Sovereign Pontiff" and the Church of Rome  2 30. Papacy and Persecution, or, Did the Roman Church Ever Persecute' 1   1 31. The Duty to Obey Civil Rulers  1 32. The Rights of the People, or, Civil Government and Religion Paper  40 33. The Relation of the State and Church  3i 35. Is It Persecution9   1 36. Church and State  3,1 37. Our Answer Revised  38. Civil Grounds of Religious Intolerance  14 39. Congress on Sunday Legislation  41. Fighting Against God. Illustrated  1.  42. How Shall We Reform Society?  Y4 46. Baptist Principles of Religious Liberty  34  48. The Power of His Coming  49. Christian Citizenship  50. Church and StateDistinguished  51. Shall Christ and Cmsar Yoke Together'   n 52. The Workingman's Rest  14  53. Moral Societies  1M , 54. TheŁUnited States as a Christian Nation  Y2 Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York City. What Is Christian Patriotism? 