22 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. rulers are to execute. This is plainly indicated in the text last referred to.. If the ruler is a minister of God, then the laws against whtch he is to execute wrath, must be such laws as God can approveŠthey must be in perfect har-mony with the laws of God. Indeed, it could not be otherwise; for since God's law is perfect (Ps. 19 : 7), covering in its range every act and thought. (See Eccl. 12 : 13, 14; Heb. 4 : 12; Matt. 5 : 20-22, 27, 28), every human law must be embraced within its limits. No one can dis- sent from this proposition. It is one of the fundamental principles of human law, as will be seen by the following extract from Black-stone's commentaries:Š " Upon these two foundations, the law of nature and the law of revelation, depend all human laws; that is to say, that no human laws should be suffered to contradict these. There are, it is true, a great number of indif-ferent points in which both the divine law and the natural leave a man at his own liberty, but which are found necessary, for the benefit of society, to be restrained within certain limits. And herein it is that human laws have their greatest force and efficacy; for, with regard to such points as are not indifferent, human laws are only declaratory of, and act in subordina-tion to, the former. To instance in the case of murder: This is expressly forbidden by the di-vine, and demonstrably by the natural law; and from these prohibitions arises the true un-lawfulness of this crime. Those human laws that annex a punishment to it, do not at all in-crease its guilt, or superadd any fresh obliga-tion, in foro conscientiae lin the court of con-science]. to abstain from its perpetration. Nay, if any human law should allow or enjoin us to commit it, we are bound .to transgress that hu-man law, or else we must offend both the nat-ural and the divine."ŠChitty' a Blackstone, Vol. I., p. 28. The State, then, according to both sacred ,and secular-testimony, has no power to contra- vene the law of God; it cannot declare an act to be right or wrong, unless God's law so de-clares it, and in that case the innocence or guilt arising from the performance of the act, is due solely to the enactments of God's moral law, 'and not to the human enactment, the latter being subordinate to the former. The indiffer-ent points, in which, as Blackstone says, human laws have their only inherent force, are such as regulate commerce, the tariff upon imported goods, etc. These are simply matters of con- venience, or expediency. These questions being settled, the last and most important one is this: How far in morals have human laws jurisdiction ? or, For how much of the violation of the moral law has God ordained that earthly rulers shall be his ministers to execute wrath? The Bible, which settles every important question concerning man's duty, must also decide this. We shall find the answer in the thirteenth chapter of Romans, a portion of which must be briefly examined:Š " Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers. For there is no power but of God; the powers that be are ordained of God. Who-soever therefore resisteth the power, resisteth the ordinance of God; and they that resist shall receive to themselves damnation. For rulers are not a terror to good works, but to the evil. Wilt thou then not be afraid of the power? do that which is good, and thou shalt  have praise of the same; for he is the minister of God to thee for good." Rom. 13 : 1-4. The "higher powers" do not include the highest power. While every soul is to be sub-ject to earthly powers, none are absolved from allegiance to God. The service of the two will not be incompatible, so long as the earthly powers fulfill the object for which they are or-dained, viz., to act as ministers for good. When they forget this, their subjects are bound to follow the example of the apostles under sim-ilar circumstances, and say, " We ought to obey God rather than men." Acts 5 : 29. The verses above quoted from the thirteenth of Romans show plainly that earthly Govern-ments alone are the subject of consideration in that chapter. The following verses show, with equal clearness, the extent of their jurisdiction: " Owe no man anything, but to love one an-other; for he that loveth another hath fulfilled the law. For this, Thou shalt not commit adultery, Thou shalt not kill, Thou shalt not steal, Thou shalt not bear false witness, Thou shalt not covet; and if there be any other com-mandment, it is briefly comprehended in this saying, namely, Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself. Love worketh no ill to his neigh-bor; therefore love is the fulfilling of the law." Rom. 13 : 8-10. "He that loveth another bath fulfilled the law," and "Love is the fulfilling of the law." What law ? Why, the law Concerning which earthly rulers are the ministers. The law of God is summed up in the two great command-ments, " Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind," and, " Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself." See Matt. 22 : 36-40. The second great commandment, defining our duty to our fellow-men, is expanded into the last six precepts of the decalogue. These, with the exception of the fifth commandment, are directly quoted by Paul, thus clearly showing to what law he refers when he says, " He that loveth another bath fulfilled the law." To make this still more emphatic, he closes his enumeration of the commandments composing the last table of the decalogue, with the state-ment that " love worketh no ill to his neighbor, therefore love is the fulfilling of the law." Now since the apostle is speaking only of earthly Governments, and the duty of their subjects, we know that he who does no ill to his neighborŠloves his neghbor as himself,Šhas fulfilled all the law of which these earthly Governments are empowered to take notice. Thus it is seen that Paul's argument concern-ing the office of civil Government is confined to the last six commandments of the decalogue. But let it not be supposed that human Govern-ments can recognize all violations of even these last six commandments. Earthly Governments are solely for the purpose of securing to their subjects mutual rights. So long as a man does no ill to his neighbor, the law cannot molest him. But any violation of the law of God affects the individual himself first of all. For example : Christ said that the seventh commandment may be violated by a single lustful look and evil de-sire; but such look and desire do not injure any one except the individual indulging in them;' it is only when they result in the commission of the open act of adultery, thus injuring others besides the adulterer himself, that human Gov-ernments can interfere. To God alone belongs the power to punish sins of the mind. - Of the sixth commandment we are told that whosoever hates another has violated it; but the State cannot prevent a man from hating another, nor take any notice of hatred until it culminates in open crime. There are innumerable ways in which the fifth commandment may be violated, for which the civil Government has neither the right nor the power to punish. Only in extreme cases can the State interfere. A man may be covetous, and yet he is not liable to punishment until his covetousness results in open theft or swindling. Yet before the act is accomplished, of which the State can take notice, a man's covetousness or lying or hatred may work great annoyance to his neighbors. We see, then, how imperfect are human Gov-ernments even within the sphere allotted to them. God alone has the power to read the heart, and he alone has the right to "bring every work into judgment, with every secret thing, whether it be good or whether it be evil." With matters of purely a religious na-tureŠthose which rest solely upon our relation to God, and not to our neighborŠhuman Gov-ernments have no right to interfere. Concern-ing them, each individual is answerable to God alone. E. J. W. "What Does It Amount To?" " IT is generally supposed that when men of intelligence associate together to accomplish any great work, they will employ the most effi-cient means in their power. When we hear of a society professing to want to secure the pro-hibition of the liquor traffic, and other great reforms, by Constitutional amendment, and then learn that it is simply to put a short (but grow-ing) confession of faith in the preamble, we are disappointed. Soon after Iowa had adopted her amendment, which was so shamefully snatched from her, an editor from Western Illinois, after visiting Burlington, made in his paper the very original remark: 'Prohibition does not prohibit.' The wish must have been father to the thought;' for every one knew that the legislature had not met to pass the necessary laws to enforce the amendment. 'But even if Iowa had stopped there, she was wiser than our National Reform' friends, for she did not put it in the preamble. When we see a large and well-officered society, with an abundance of able advocates, boasting a membership of more illustrious names than any other of our day, laboring perseveringly for an object so trivial, we cannot help fearing that, in spite of their disclaimers, there must be something more intended than is now ac-knowledged. In the present state of the coun-try we are fearful of this movement. It can effect nothing without an enforcing law, and that would be a long step toward what has always proved destructive of libertyŠa union of church and State. Such a preamble stand-ing alone, with the present amount of wicked-ness in high places, would only be the white-wash of Pharisaism. It might answer in the, 