696 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "WE are now on friendly relations with every Power on earth," says the national Thanksgiving proclama-tion. That is well; but what of "our" relations with a Power beyond the earth? Are they friendly? or other-wise? "WE believe," says the Ram's Horn, "in respecting the minority's rights, but not their delusions." But every man has a right to believe in a delusion. Every denomination regards some things in the beliefs of other denominations as delusions; will they therefore say that these others have no right to believe such things, and that in these beliefs they are not to be treated with respect? The Inquisition, before putting its victims to death, tried earnestly to impress upon their minds that they were guilty of entertaining awful delusions. THE Thanksgiving proclamation issued by the gov-ernor of the "Empire State," affirms, as one reason for thanksgiving, that the nation has been performing no-ble deeds in the "first flush of its manhood," and makes no allusion at all to any higher power; which causes a city daily to observe that "A Thanksgiving proclama-tion with no reference wnatever to a Supreme Being is something of a curiosity." Yet the absence of a tone of humility in some Thanksgiving proclamations this year cannot be accounted altogether strange. IN the annual address by the president of the New York State W. C. T. U., Mrs. E. A. Boole, in the State convention at Binghampton, we note the following ref-erence to Sunday closing legislation maintained by the organization:Š "Early in the sessions of the legislature nearly a dozen bills were introduced providing for open saloons on Sunday, Sunday concerts, Sunday baseball, in fact, a wide-open Sunday. Petitions were immediately sent out by our State Corresponding Secretary, and we re-joice that all these bills were defeated." * Ł "Still," the report continued, "there has never been a year when there has been such wholesale Sabbath desecration as this. The Sunday excursion by rail and boat, bicycle riding for pleasure, the open bar-room, the  crowds at the beaches and summer resorts, catering for the Sunday crowd, have brought to America the Conti-nental Sunday, and even many Christian people seem to have forgotten the command, 'Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy.' * * And this is because the real source of Sunday dese-cration is something that legislation cannot reach; and the same is true of the source of Sabbath keeping. Leg-islation can control neither the one nor the other. * * THE first important battle in the South African war was fought on a Sunday, and resulted in a decisive de-feat for the British troops under command of General White. This, our friends who are pushing Sunday claims will say, should teach the British commander the folly of fighting on that day. But what does it teach the victorious Boers? * "IN time of peace I am for the Administration when it is right; in time of war I am for the Administration, right or wrong."ŠChaplain Mailley, of the First Nebraska Regiment. "Some one," remarks The Independent, "wants to know if this utterance is compatible with Christian ethics." To which that journal answers: "Of course not. The last sentence is utterly, totally, irretrievably wrong. If Mr. Atkinson or the Reverend This or That believes the policy or conduct of war by the Administra-tion to be wrong, he has no business to go to war, and he has no business to help the Administration. That ought to have been settled long ago in the history of this country." A REPORT from South America says that a change in the marriage laws in Bolivia and Ecuador, where Roman Catholic rule has been longest undisturbed, is confidently looked for from the next congress. Up to the present time no marriages in those countries were legal except those performed by the priests; and as the priests would not marry any who were not Catholics, Protestants and other non-Catholics were obliged either to abstain from matrimony, or to place themselves before the public in much the same position that Mr. Roberts, of Utah, now occupies before the American people. The law made them criminals, and the church declared them adulterers; and in this way a very de-cided stigma was placed upon Protestantism. And this is what the Catholic Church everywhere says of Protest-ants everywhere. * * WE have received a copy of the Blue Ridge Baptist, which claims to be the "only paper of its character pub- 