292 A.TVIIEIEVA CAW S3INTIPIINT VoL. 9, No. 37. interests of religious dogma and unscrip-tural dogma, at that; they would, how-ever, be no better in principle if the dogma were true, instead of false as it is. Catholics and Social Action. His EMINENCE CA-RDINAL RAMPOLLA, Secretary of State to Leo XIII., writing in the name of his holiness to the Abbe Six, director of the Democratic Chretienne of Lille, gives stimulating advice to Cath-olics, both lay and clerical, as to the im-portance of taking an active part in the work of social organization. Priests as well as the members of their flock should, he says, engage actively and earnestly in this work so that it may be extended and its beneficial effects felt by the people in all directions. . . . As a matter of fact the church has at all times adapted itself to the special characteristics of the age. Just as each period has its partic-ular currents of thought, its problems demanding solution, and its distinct phases of energy, so the church* has specific re-sources for the wants and requirements of the times. It has always been its policy to secure the happiness of the greatest number. . . . Leo XIII., when he ascended the papal throne, perceived that a new era was dawning for humanity, and that the highest service he could ren-der to peoples and nations was to aid them in selecting the path of true progress. Hence we see that he has again and again urged the faithful to take a leading share in directing the movements by which men are struggling for the regeneration of society. . As if by preference, Leo XIII. has him-self manifested a particular interest in those countries where the masses have the most direct voice in administration and government. Everybody is aware how strong the monarchical sentiment was among French Catholics some few years ago. . . . But the supreme pontiff recognized that a republican form of gov-ernment was well suited to the democratic spirit of the French people, and that the majority of them were desirous of main-taining it. He, therefore, cast the weight of his influence in its Ł favor. . . . Recent events have shown that he has secured for France that stability which is essential to national progress, and that he opened up the way for a new spirit of conciliation between Catholics and the leaders in political life. For that other great democratic country, the United States, his sympathy has not been less marked. On various occasions he has given expression to his admiration for the free development of its institutions, for its advancement in material prosperity, and for the activity its hierarchy display in popular movements. The policy of trust in the people, which finds such earnest and eloquent exponents in the persons of prominent ecclesiastics such as Cardinal Gibbons and Archbishop Ireland, may be said to be a direct emanation from his own lucid encyclicals. We perceive, too, from the letter to the bishops of Brazil Ša translation of which we gave in our last issueŠhow keen is the interest his holiness takes in that trouble. He urges the Catholic clergy and laity to do all that is possible to provide that public repre-sentative positions shall be filled by men of integrity, and thus to ensure for the State that wise guidance which is pecu-liarly essential to it under existing condi- tions. On the continent of Europe like-wise Leo XIII. has given to the social zeal of Catholics an impetus the fruit of which is to be seen in many lands. In France the Catholic workmen's clubs and other labor organizations which afford bright promise for the future of French Catholicism find their most earnest patron in his holiness, and only about a month since, in granting an audience to M. Harmel, who is so well known for his suc-cessful attempts to improve the lot of the toilers, he spoke with enthusiasm of the good which results from sustained action of this kind. His holiness furthermore gives the most cordial encouragement to Catholic congresses of all kinds, and the benefits, which may in recent years be traced to the resolutions adopted at such gatherings in Germany, Spain, Italy and other countries, may in no small measure he attributed to his initiative and ap-proval. There can, then, be no doubt that the Catholic social action of which the holy father is so earnest and powerful a pro-moter is a remedy both for the religious indifference and political and economic errors of the age. Its object is the wel-fare of the people without distinction, and it is a safeguard to States because it is corrective both of the selfishness of the wealthy and the chimerical projects into which poor and suffering men are some-times drawn. These are the two great dangers of the day. On the one hand the self-love of the rich induces them to accu-mulate money, to enjoy luxuries, and to disregard the hard fate of those to whom fortune is unkind. On the other hand misery amongst the working classes begets temptations to enter on the wild schemes put forward by socialists and anarchists. It is the duty of Catholics to endeavor to bridge over the chasm between the two classes, and this they can do effectively by devoting themselves to that energetic social action so frequently recommended by the head of the church.ŠCatholic Times, Liverpool, Eng. The Act of a True Baptist. [The following note is from the pen of H. L. Way-land, D.D., a Baptist minister of Philadelphia, and appeared in the Baptist Examineir, of this city, Sept. 6th.] I WROTE to Mr. W. B. Capps, who is confined in the county jail of Weakley County, Tenn., for laboring on Sunday, after having, according to his convictions, observed Saturday as the day of rest and worship, and have received the following from Mr. Capps, who seems a very sin-cere, unaffected, simple-minded Christian : Your kind and encouraging letter was received to-day; yes, my brother, it is true, I am deprived of my liberty for practising my honest convictions; but I am enjoying good health, and am of good courage in the Lord. I am glad we have such a good Saviour, that in trials and persecutions he is with us, and strengthens us to bear these things; if it was not for the hope I have, I could not bear being separated from my dear companion and babies as I am, and in the condition they are. It is true, the Lord will provide for their needs; but you know, my brother, we all had rather be with our family, or be in such a condi-tion that we could go to see them, when we would like to, or when anything happened to them. In this place, it would be with the sheriff whether we could get to go if some of our dear ones were called off. I praise and thank the Lord that I am counted worthy to suffer shame for his name; if it is the Lord's will for me to be imprisoned, it is my will; I can only say, thy will be done. I heard from my wife and babies Monday; they are getting along very well. About the help you spoke of, you can send it to me by money order or registered letter. I will get it all right. Money order will be best, I guess. I appreciate your  kindness in helping us in our suffering. Any words of encouragement you can write will be received with Christian love and respect. Yours in bonds for Christ's sake, W. B. CAPPS. I have sent him $5 through the Inter-national Religious Liberty Association, Battle Creek. Some Relics of the Dark Ages, BAPTISTS have so long enjoyed complete religious liberty in this country that they need to be reminded, now and then, of the restrictions under which their brethren still suffer in other lands. It is true that there are now fsw countries where men and women, acknowledged to be good citizens, are ever fined and imprisoned for the sole offense of being Baptists, and there is no country where they are put to death for that offense. Persecution has lost some of its rigors, but it still con-tinues. Nor is it confined to a country like Russia, where the absolutism of rule on the one hand, and the ignorance of the people on the other, constitute so excep-tional a political and social order. Take Germany, for example. The Bap-tist Church in Dresden lately petitioned for freedom to worship God, and this is the decision of the court of appeals Of Saxony: " The Baptist congregation in Dresden has no recognition from the State, as a religious congregation; it is not a society, for its constitution and rules have not been recognized; it has no legal ex-istence; it is neither an association nor a fellowship; but only a gathering of per-sons whose acts are null and void in the eyes of the State." As an unauthorized gathering, the Baptist congregation is completely under the regulation of the police, and must comply with such rules as the police see fit to decree. These are, that they can meet only in the homes of members, a special police license being given for the purpose, distinctly specify-ing the rooms. Nobody but a Baptist can be present. No Sunday-school is per-mitted. The pastor is not recognized as such, and cannot conduct a funeral serv-ice, either in the house or at the grave. Of course, he cannot perform a lawful marriage ceremony. Moreover, even these privileges are enjoyed only at the pleasure of the police, and are liable to be revoked at any time. Take Austria as another example. A Baptist from this country, temporarily residing in Vienna, was not so greatly surprised to find substantially the same condition of things prevailing there; but she was surprised to find that she herself attended the worship of a Baptist Church at peril of arrest as a disorderly person, unless she obtained a license from the police graciously permitting her attend-ance. Still more surprising was the dis-covery that no Baptist could take his own children to any Baptist meeting, until they were fifteen years of age. Whatever religious instruction such children receive before that age must be given them by their parents in the privacy of home. That is perhaps not a bad thing, from one point of view, yet the forbidding of public worship and instruction to children is an intolerable outrage, as well as one of the pettiest, meanest forms of persecution on record. It is astonishing that priest-ridden Spain should be in advance of Protestant Ger-many in this matter, though still far from giving religious liberty to Baptists. They 