130 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional. Ark-Any one receiving the American Sentinel without baying ordered it may know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay forit. (Entered at the New York Postoffice.) Human Rights. EVERYBODY knows that the Government of the United States was founded upon the Declaration of human rights. And though it is equally true, yet not everybody knows that this Declaration of human rights upon which the Government of the United States was founded, was deduced directly from Christianity. The principles of this Declaration were intentionally adopted from Chris-tianity, by those who framed the Declaration, and were laid down as the basis of the Government of the United States, upon which this Government was to stand for-ever. The two vital principles of that Declaration are, that "All men are created equal, and are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights, among which are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness;" and that "to secure these rights governments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed." Thus this nation presented to the world every man first of all subject to the Creator and by the Creator endowed with inalienable rights. The founders of this nation, when discussing this before the people, said that these were the principles upon which the gospel was first propagated, and upon which, the Reformation was carried on. They said that the Almighty God, being Lord of the human mind, and Lord only of the con-science, and having all power, chose not to propagate his religion by impositions of power upon the bodies or mines of people as was in his almighty power to do, but that he created the mind free, and that he left it free. Thus and here for the first and only time in history the Christian principles of civil and religious liberty were intentionally chosen and established as the foundation of a nation. And thus from its beginning this nation has been the beacon light of liberty, civil and religious, "the classical land of religious liberty," to all the world. Through these principles alone, in 'quietness and peace-ful isolation, this nation has most powerfully influenced all other nations in the world and drawn them away from their former selves toward enlightenment and lib- erty. This was the wisdom and this the power of this nation in the eyes of all the other nations, who were compelled to say "Surely this is a wise and understand-ing people." But suddenly a change has come: and how great the change! a complete revolution in principle and practice. To-day the United States Government has abandoned the principles which were laid down as the foundation upon which the Government should stand, and by which alone it could be able or worthy to stand. The United States Government to day openly denies to people the equal right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness; and is governing,-,and expects forever to govern, people without their consent. To day in this nation the Declaration of Independ-ence which has ever been the pride and the ultimate source of appeal of every American, which has been taught to the youth as the sum of all earthly good, is ignored, belittled, explained away, set aside, and repu-diated, by leading journalists, both religious and secu-lar, by leading men of all professions, and by national representatives at the Capitol. The following passage from the Congressional Record, of Dec. 19, 1898, p. 330, is only a sample of much that has been said at the Cap-itol, all of which has been indorsed by the ratification of the treaty of peace:Š "MR. HOAR.ŠMay I ask the senator from Connecti-cut a question? "MR. PLATT, of Connecticut.ŠCertainly. "Mn. HOAR.ŠIt is whether, in his opinion, govern-ments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed? "MR. PLATT, of Connecticut.ŠFrom the consent of some of the governed. "Mn. HOAR.ŠFrom the consent of some of the gov-erned? ‚‚Mn. PLATT, of Connecticut.ŠYes." Long ago it was written, "if the foundations be de-stroyed, what shall the righteous do?" So in this case, when the foundation is destroyed, what shall the people, even the people of other nations, do? This nation which God established for the enlighten-ment of the human race upon the divine principle of hu-man rightsŠwhen this nation abandons these principles in the eyes of all the nations, what then? Where then lies hopelfor the other nations who have never yet had any opportunity to have any benefit of these principles except as ;the principles by their own inherent power have forced themselves upon the other nations? There is the danger:that is involved in this subject of human rights. Abraham Lincoln, when he was conducting that immortal contest in behalf of human freedom against human slavery in the United States, said, "Not only do I hate slavery because it is slavery, but I hate it in addi-tion, because it leads so many good men to whittle away the Declaration of Independence." ThereEis to-day the cry of "national expansion," "imperial America." This cry is a fact. The nation has 