570 "THE SENTINEL, OF LIBERTY. News, Notes . . 0 ' , and Comment THE Catholic Standard and Times speaks of " the astounding impudence of the Protestant sects in sending missionaries of creedless disunion and hope-less disagreement among a Catholic people infinitely superior to those missionaries in their religious be-liefs and daily lives." And, this is said with refer-ence to the sending of missionaries to the Philippine islands. .4 .4 " THE first duty of the hour in China," says the N. Y. Tribune (which more perhaps than any other journal speaks for the Administration), " is to inves-tigate these charges [of looting, arson, rape, mur-der, etc., by the allied forces] and stop the orgy of outlawry if its prevalence is established. The ques-tion of remaining in or withdrawing from Peking is an important one, but it shrinks into insignificance by the side of this. If the Powers can not do better in China than to loot and to ravish and to murder they would best get out in short order, and pray that the world may some day forget that they ever Went in." Unfortunately it is not clear how one of the PowersŠthe United States, for exampleŠis to slop another" of the powers, such as Russia or France, from carrying on the orgy, without coming to blows with that Power.' The nation must keep in bad com-pany and bear the stigma of it if it remains in China. The " first duty of the hour " seems destined to re-main unperformed. A PLAN has been set on foot by the secretary of the Indiana State W. C. T. U., which has for its ob-ject the defeat of. President McKinley at-the polls, next November, because of his attitude on the ques-tion of the abolition of the army canteen. The 'na-ture of the plan appears from the following pledge, which is being sent out broadcast from Indianapolis to the members of the organization: "Whereas,. President. William McKinley has shown, that he prefers the favor of the liquor men of the natiouto that.of the millions ,of the Christian' people who petitioned him to blot out the canteen  scourge from the army; therefore I pledge myself as follows: " i. I pledge myself that I will, until election day, make it a special subject of prayer to my heavenly Father that he will give to the United States a bet-ter man for President for the next four years, one who will keep wine off the White House table, one who will be a total ,obstainer himself, and who will. do what he can to overthrow the liquor traffic. "2. I furthermore pledge myself to make at least two copies of this letter, and mail one copy to some Sister in the State in which I reside, and the other copy to some sister in some other State." And now some other W. C. T. U. members who desire Mr. McKinley to be retained in office have, it is said, started a counter chain-prayer movement to- prevent the first one' from having its designed effect upon the Deity! Are we to take this as an illustration of the utility of woman in politics,? SPEAKING of how to employ Sunday, the Defender (Sunday-law organ), quoting the Congregationalist, says that " to fritter away the whole day in idle talk on hotel piazzas," 6r " to indulge in loafing until it becomes wearisome," is not such a use of the day " as ought to -satisfy the-aspiring soul." True; and this is just the reason why we object to the Sunday laws, which, when enforced, compel a person to. spend Sunday in just this way. Honest work or innocent sport is better than mere loafing on any day. God did not make'men loafers, and we may be sure he frowns upon any contrivance of man that produces such a. result, " You shall not work," says the Sunday law,." neither shall you play. You must go to church or loaf." - The Sabbath is a religious institution, designed for those who would appreciate its religious benefits Ša day for religious activity. For the loafer it profits nothing. .9 .9 THE Salem = Baptist Association of Jefferson County, Ill., in session at Mount Vernon, Ill., Sep-tember r, made tan attack upon the State Normal schools because of their seculdr Character, and adopted resolutions declaring these institutions to be -un-American, and that they,  ought -to be turned into insame, asylums and orphans' homes Well,' suppose religious teaching were introduced in these State schools, what-religion should it be? Which sects hould be Łgiven the preference? How 