72 AMERICAN SENTINEL. violence and massacre in the four corners of our colonial empire, where rank and honors are acquired by plunder-ing inoffensive population. . . . From colonies where prevails a system of military brigandage our officers and our soldiers come back to us with the feelings and manners of savages, drunk with luxury, with cupidity and alcohol, ready to put citizens to the sword at the first call of a seditious leader and gaining experience in this kind of activity by continual aggressions. Major Marchand, who caused France the humiliation of Fashoda, enjoys a powerful popularity in the army because he burned some villages and shot more women in the Sudan than any of his predecessors. According to the terms of our republican constitu-tion, the people's representatives appropriate money for the public expenses; they control the disbursements of sums furnished by the revenue. During twenty-five years they have voted 30,000,000,000 francs credit for military expenses; they have never obtained any accounts or auditor's reports of the manner of expenditure of this huge sum. For form's sake they send to the Ministers lists of expenses and the Ministers communicate them to Parliament; but it is known and loudly proclaimed that these lists are false, and that the Budget Committee repeats each year, with sadness and resignation, that it is impossible for France to know what the military administration does with its money. The powerless representatives of the people vote all the credits that the military power demands, in order that future catastrophes should not be attributed to their resistance. And the military power says to itself that these future catastrophes will relieve it of the necessity of turning in accounts. It uses the billions, meant for the national defense, first in filling the pockets of the great chiefs and powerful commissariats, then in preparing rebellions from which a dictatorship is bound to come. Extortion, trickery and military theftŠI have filled two thick volumes with accounts of all this, and yet have chosen only the characteristic features of army abuses in France, basing all that I have said on official documents. . . . The Government never punishes the guilty person or the guilty officer beyond inflicting a timid reprimand or some rediculous little penalty. At present twelve million French citizens live in terror of the twenty thousand petty military employees whom they support; the normal development of the French democracy is paralyzed, its very existence is compromised, by the threatening attitude of its army. And this army is an army which has never gotten over the humiliating defeats it has suffered, and which, on the contrary, is stained by the most wretched failures. What would it be on the morrow of the smallest mili-tary success? I leave this situation for the meditation of the citizens of any country which is careful of the dignity of its men and its own greatness. Paris, France. Liberty Necessary to Self-Government. BY H. F. PHELPS. ONE remarkable statement in that remarkable, im-perialistic speech of Senator Beveridge, in the Senate, Jan. 9, 1900, is worthy of more than a passing notice. It is this: "Liberty does not always mean self govern-ment; " and given in full, reads as follows:Š "Let men beware how they employ the term 'self-government.' It is a sacred term. It is the watchword at the door of the inner temple of liberty; for liberty does not always mean self-government. Self-govern-ment is a method of libertyŠthe highest, simplest, best, Šand it is acquired only after centuries of study and struggle and experiment and instruction, and all the elements of the progress of man. Self-government is no base and common thing, to be bestowed on the merely audacious. It is the degree which crowns the graduate of liberty, not the name of liberty's infant class, who have not yet mastered the alphabet of freedom." Like much of his speech, this is not altogether true, nor altogether false. When dealing with principles it is best to be careful of our conclusions. It is true that "Self-government is no base and common thing." It is true that "it is a sacred term." But self-government is not "a method of liberty." Neither is it "the degree" to be bestowed upon "the graduate of liberty." On the contrary, self-government is the result of liberty. This is most emphatically so. No man can govern himself while under the hand of oppression. He must first be made freeŠset at liberty. He must be absolutely free so far as any restraint that would call for self-government in the interest of, or at the dictates of another man. It must be self-government of one's self and for one's self. A man must be at liberty to govern himself in his own interests, and that without dictation. This was why our fathers asked that King George should remove his oppressive hand and leave the inter-ests of the struggling American people in their own hands,Šleave the people so far removed from the mother country to work out their own destinies, in proving to the world that if men were left at liberty, they could govern themselves in their own interests far better than others could do this for them. England refused to allow the experiment. And she is now, true to her history and policy, refusing the same thing in South Africa. It is a matter of history that England was humbled in the New World, and compelled to abandon her policy of oppression; and she may yet be humbled in the Southern world. And, judging the future alone in the light of the past, this nation will yet be humbled in the very dust because she is denying to other weak peoples the same rights which she once claimed for herself. St. Paul, Minn. 