Equal and exact justice to all alert, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or politicalŠThomas Jefferson. svol.,umE 5; NEW YORK, DECEMBER 4, 1890. NUMBER 48. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND ST., NEW ItORE. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. Mc KPH. " THE company of Bellamyites recently organized in Des Moines will locate," says the Nebraska State Journal, " at Lake Arthur, Louisiana, on a tract of 2,000 acres, of land. Their experiences will be interesting, but will add nothing to the sum of human knowledge on the subject of co-operation. They may flatter them-selves that their scheme is' new, and will have a tremendous influence in reforming the country and converting it to National-ism, but they are doomed to disappoint-ment. Communism of this kind is as old as the race, and the people who join the colony are simply going back to the meth-ods discarded by their ancestors hundreds of years ago." Nationalism makes the State everything and the individual nothing.. It is imprac-ticable, and it is well that it is, for its adoption would mean utter stagnation in all human affairs. THERE is no question that the education furnished by parochial schools is gener-ally of an inferior character, and it is a matter of regret that they should be established. The public schools do the Work for, the children far better. But an attempt to prevent the establishing of parochial or private schools by constitu-tional amendment or otherwise, would, in ow,,opinioxl, be extremely unwise. . . . It is asking the State to do a very tyran-nical, and unnecessary thing. It is the right and duty of the State, undoubtedly, to provide a system of public education and to insist by. compulsory laws and  otherwise that all children of. sound mind shall receive instruction in the rudiments of learning; but to insist that they shall not receive this instruction in private or parochial schools or at home would be to in-vade individual rights. The effect of such a proposition would be a hot sectarian war. It would unite Catholics solidly, and it would arouse no small proportion of Prot-estants to strenuous opposition. Many Lutherans believe in parochial schools and maintain them,' and'so do other. Prot-testants.--Independent. Religion and the Schools. IN the Independent of September 4, there is given a symposium on the subject of religion in the schools. Howard Crosby; Cardinal Gibbons; the ,Decrees of the Council of Baltimore; John Jay; Arch-Bishop Ireland; Prof. W. T. Harris, the United States Commissioner of Education; the Superintendent of Public Instruction of the State of New York; Superintendent of the Public Schools of the State of New Hampshire; Deputy Superintendent of Pennsylvania; State Commissioner of Common Schools of Ohio; Superintendent of Massachusetts Board of Education; Wayland Hoyt, D. D. ; Principal Bancroft of Phillips Academy, Andover; Father Nylan, of Poughkeepsie; Father McTighe, who, two or three .years ago, made an at-tempt in Pittsburg to turn a public school into a Roman Catholic one; with a consider-able number of others from different parts of the country all give their views upon the subject. And although there is much difference and considerable antagonism among the views presented, the Independ-ent has done a good work in setting be-fore the people at one view so full a dis-cussion of the,  question as it has in this symposium. Cardinal Gibbons advocates the applica-tion of a denominational system in' our public schools, as is now done in Canada, that is, when there is a sufficient number, that may form a denominational school  supported by public money. The Decrees of the Council of Baltimore are that " it may sometimes appear that parents may sometimes, and in good conscience, send their children to public schools, but this they will not be able to do unless they have sufficient cause for so doing, and whether such cause may be sufficient for any particular case must be left to the judgment of the bishop." This instruction is given by command of the Congregation for the propagation of the faith, which sits in Rome. This Sacred Congregation says that the method of instructing youth em-ployed in the public schools has seemed to the Sacred Congregation "to be full of peril, and hostile to the Catholic faith." And one objection to the public school is that it is " conducted without any authority of the Church, and that no care is taken by the law that teachers do not injure the youth." But above all other things, the objection of the Sacred Congregation to the public school is that " a definite corruptive force results from the fact that in most of the public schools, youth of both sexes are gathered in the same recitation and in the same class-room, and males are directed to sit in the same bench with females," and " as a result the youth are sadly ex-posed to damage as to faith, and their morals are endangered." What a pity it is that the Lord did not have the Sacred Congregation to advise him in the matter of the creation of man! For then he would not have fallen into the grievous error of having males and females both in the same family, or even in the same world. This view, however, is perfectly characteristic of the whole System of papal doctrine, and that is that instead of inculcating principles of virtue and the love of right and the power to do right because of love of it, that system accounts every person as essentially devil- ish, and would have them made good by taking away every opportunity for any freedom of action whatever. Professor Harris, United States Com-missioner of Education, presents a valuable 