AMERICAN SENTINEL. 553 as the truth that the islands are comparatively worth-less comes more clearly into view, it becomes more ap-parent also that the real object in view in this incursion into Asiatic territory, is a participation in the division of the spoils of the great Asiatic continent. And verily, the spoils of that vast realm will not be peacefully .di-vided among the spoilers. * IN an interview with the Catholic chaplain of Admi-ral Dewey's flagship, the pope manifested great interest in the Philippine situation, and expressed an intention of opening negotiations with the United States Govern-ment,with a view to regulating the position of Catholics in the Philippines. * There has been nothing to indicate that the position of Catholics in the Philippines needs regulating, and under American sovereignty Catholics in that country may be sure of enjoying all their rights as they do in the United States. But while the cause for such concern in the Philippines, if there be one, is obscure, one thing is clear; viz., that the pontiff is ready to seize upon any excuse and improve every opportunity for opening ne-gotiations with the United States Government. Gradu-ally but surely the papacy is advancing to a position of official standing with this Republic. * A CLERGYMAN of this city, Rev. Dr. Morse, declared in a sermon recently that the Government of this coun-try is in control of modern Judases, who differ from the first Judas only in that they do not go and hang them-selves. * * This is a republican government, a government of the people. If bad men are in office, it is because the people put them there and allow them to stay there. It is a natural development from the political system, and clearly shows that that system is not the enemy of official corruption or a suitable means for the Government's purification. So long as this purifica-tion is sought through politics, the situation will re-main as bad or worse than it is now. The people will not put good men in office until they themselves desire a better government, until they themselves are more de-cidedly opposed to fraud and injustice. And this only means that the people themselves must be made better, that they themselves must be uplifted to a higher moral plane, before a better government can be obtained than now exists. And what can uplift the people? Them-selves? No; the uplifting power is not the power of man but the power of God. * * * Therefore let clergymen who deplore the presence of  modern Judases in the seats of political authority, not proclaim that the church must go into politics and "turn the rascals out," but seek with redoubled zeal to draw the people to the great uplifting power of the gos-pel committed to their hands. BY the time all the prosecuting witnesses have been proved guilty Dreyfus may be acquitted.ŠN. Y. World. Imperialism vs. the Boer Republic. THE Journal, of this city, says that it cannot wholly sympathize with the Boers in their struggle against ab-sorption into the British Empire, and gives the following as a justifying reason:Š "But in our age no people can be:allowed to live for itself; it must live for mankind; and least of all can a people appropriate for its exclusive use desirable parts of the earth which civilization needs and can use to much better and universal advantage. The Boers have precisely proven that they cannot properly use the splendid natural opportunities with which their land is blessed." This is a good statement of the imperialist concep-tion of the case. The Boers are farmers; the represen-tatives of "civilization" are gold hunters. The Boers care only for a simple life, while "civilization" demands that men and women lead a very complex sort of exist-ence, such as the possession of much gold and the fash-ions and follies of a modern Paris can!provide. The civilization of Paris, by the way, is just now being seen at its best. The Creator expressed his idea of the life that is best for man by placing him in a garden. The imperialistic conception of the same is expressed by Babylon the Great. In the imperialist view, Adam and Eve, if they were again in Eden and did not dig up the:garden in a search for gold, would conclusively demonstrate "that they cannot properly use the splendid natural opportunities with which their land is blessed!" The greatest trouble with the earth to-day is that it has too much "civilization." The Creator "hath made man upright, but they have sought out many inven-tions." But for the desire to worship the golden calf, there would be no war cloud hanging over the Transvaal republic. Ł Political Arithmetic. Iv it takes 40,000 men seven months and$100,000,-000 to take possession of 300 square miles of the island of Luzon, how many men, how many months and how 