AUGUST 30, 1894. .A,IVILIHAELICAN  267 Army ordered the company of troops to which Cedar-quiet belonged to go upon a rifle range somewhere in the neighborhood of Omaha and engage in the business of firing at target. It appears by the record that the soldier respectfully declined to go, stating at the time that it was improper and unlawful to make such a requirement, and that he was conscientiously opposed to doing that duty on the Sabbath day. This shows that the real defense was the rights of conscience. Private Cedarquist (mistakenly, it is true) regards Sunday as the Sabbath, as he has a right to do; and having the courage of his convictions, he dared to obey God (as lie supposed) rather than man. In so doing he stands vindi-cated and approved by the Government of the United States. But having established this precedent, will the Government con-sistently adhere to it ? or will it respect only the Sunday conscience ? In other words, was the real purpose of the Pres-ident to vindicate the rights of conscience, as such and in any man, or to honor Sun-day ? Time will tell. But be this as it may, the Cedarquist case opens up again the whole question of the rights of conscience, i. e., of how far conscientious convictions should be recog-nized and respected by the State. Can the plea that a man acted conscientiously ever be admitted as a justification for vio-lation of law ? That this plea had weight in the Cedar-quist case there can be no doubt. Had it been evident that this man had no regard for Sunday, that he had no conscience in the matter, but that his disobedience was willful insubordination, the case would have occasioned no remark and would have received no attention from the Pres-ident. It is probably true that owing to the prevailing agitation of the Sunday question, this case has received more at-tention than it would have received had the issue been raised over any other mat-ter, but that does not remove the fact that the President of the United States, and through him, the Government of the United States, has recognized the princi-ple that even private soldiers have rights of conscience which ought to be respected. But, again, the query arises, where shall the line be drawn ? It is clear (1) that government cannot become the judge of men's consciences; and (2) that the plea of conscientious conviction cannot be ac-cepted as a final and sufficient defense in all cases of violation of law. What rule, then, can be adopted which will preserve the authority of the State and yet not trench upon the rights of conscience ? The question thus raised is well answered by a clause in the Constitution of the State of Maryland: " No person ought, by any law, to be molested in his person or estate on account of his religious persua-sion or profession, or for his religious practice, unless under color of religion, he shall disturb the good order, peace, or safety of the State, . . . or injure others in their natural, civil, or religious rights." In this the line is drawn just where it should be, namely, at the equal rights of others. Under this provision the courts are not called upon to judge any man's conscience, but only to judge whether or not his conscience leads him to infringe the equal rights of his fellow-men. That a man's conscience is just what he says it is, no man has either right or occasion to deny. A man's statement of his conscience is an end of controversy; but it does not follow that one has a right to do whatever his conscience tells him is right for him to do. There is a difference between conscience and the rights of con- science. No man, however conscientious, has any right to infringe the equal right of another; and at this point civil govern-ment has a right to take cognizance, not of any man's conscience, but of the rela-tion of the act to the rights of others. The principle briefly stated is this: No man should be either required or forbidden to do any act contrary to conscience, how-ever erroneous that conscience may be, unless the doing or forbearing to do that act trenches on the equal rights of others. This rule would (1) abrogate all civil laws requiring the observance of Sunday or of any other day; and (2) it would leave the courts free, not to judge men's consciences, but to protect all moil against wrong in the name of conscience. But this is only saying in other words that which we have said many times before, namely, that civil governments are instituted not to create or to " grant " rights, but to guarantee the free and untrammeled exercise of equal, natural, God-given, inalienable rights, and that of these the highest and most sacred is perfect freedom in matters of religious belief and practice. The Government has acted upon this principle in the Cedarquist case; will it, we again ask, adhere to it consistently to the end ? or will it regard conscience only in the Sunday-keeper, and ignore it in the Sabbath-keeper, as several of the States have done and are doing ? We. shall see. As for us, we expect nothing else than that the procedure in this case will be lifted far above all the rights of conscience and of everything else, and will be made to do service in the exaltation of Sunday and its exclusive support by the Govern-ment of the United States. - -4 Ł  Saint Worship. SHOULD Paul come forth from his grave and visit the shrine of " Good St. Anne of Beaupr6," near the city of Quebec, Canada, his spirit would again be stirred within him as "he saw the city wholly given to idolatry." He would not see the "temple of the great goddess Diana," but the temple of the " valiant," " invincible," " blessed," " holy," " glorious St. Anne," " Mother of the Queen of Angels," " Mother of the Mother of God." Instead of hearing Demetrius and his fellow-crafts-men shouting for "the space of two hours," " Great is Diana of the Ephe-sinus," he would find the people saying, day and night, "O good, 0 glorious, 0 pious, 0 merciful, 0 incomparable Mother Anne." Instead of beholding the people prostrate before the shrine of the "god-dess Diana," he would see them kneeling before a gilded statute of " St. Anne " imploringly saying, " Grant, 0 Good St. Anne, that henceforth I may show myself more worthy of thee, so that, one day, I may be united to thee in heaven." He would see the people crowding the marts of the church buying, not the " Holy Scriptures which," as Paul wrote to Tim-othy, " are able to make thee wise unto salvation through faith which is in Christ JeSus, " but memorial beads, chains, Medals, rings, books, and images of " Good St. Anne" with which, through faith in St. Anne, they hope for protection from the ills of this life and eternal glory through her intercession." All this idolatry is practiced by the church claiming to be Christian, to be " the only true church," the " spouse of Christ," the " holy Catholic Church." When the servant of God raises his voice  against such apostasies, as of old, its votaries are "full of wrath," "the whole city is filled with confusion " and, as in the case of the Baptist mission at Quebec on August 7, the servant is stoned and the house of worship wrecked by a Roman Catholic mob. All this idolatry is sanctioned and en-couraged by Pope Leo XIII. in three briefs dated Jan. 28, 1886, Jan. 16, 1887, and May 5, 1887; and a " Pontifical Bull," dated April 26, 1887. And now this man comes forth with an encyclical letter de-claring " we hold the regency of God on earth," and invites us to return to his idolatrous and blasphemous worship, to the veneration of " a venerable fragment of a finger bone of St. Anne," and the worship of the " Glorious Mother of the Mother of God," " the Grandmother of Jesus Christ." He also sends a "Dele-gate Apostolic" and assures us that "what the church has done in the past for others she will do for the United States," that is, what she has done for the Province of Quebec in teaching her poor, deluded, superstitious votaries to pray the follow-ing prayer, she promises to do for the people of the United States, and teach them to forsake the " one Medi ator be-tween God and man, the man Jesus Christ," and divide that place with the woman "St. Anne," whose "life," "vir-tues," and even " name " " has been left " by the inspired Word of God, " in com-plete oblivion." All the quotations regarding St. Anne, referred to in this article, are from a work entitled "Manual of Devotion to Good St. Anne," published by General Printing Office, A. Cot6 & Co., Quebec, 1891, and is indorsed by Cardinal Taschereau, arch-bishop of Quebec. Read the following cardinal-indorsed prayer to "St. Anne: "Š PRAYER. Praise to St. Anne. Hail, holy Anne, illustrious daughter of David and descended from a race of kings! The Eternal Father cherishes thee as the Mother of His beloved Daughter and the Grandmother of His divine Son. Hail, holy Anne, the Son of God, the eternal Word loveth thee, because thou didst give Him so pure. so  good, so holy a Mother. Hail, holy Anne, worthy spouse of the virtuous Joachim! The Holy Ghost holdeth thee in great esteem, because thou didst give unto Him so worthy, so beautiful, so perfect a Spouse. Hail, holy Anne, Mother of Mary, the immaculate Virgin! The whole court of Heaven beholdeth thee with admira-tion, because thy happiness surpasseth that of all other mothers. Hail, holy Anne, joy of the Angels! All the blessed spirits hold thee in reverence because thou didst give birth to Mary, their august and gentle Queen. Hail, holy Anne, fruitful vine! All the Saints honor thee as the sacred tree whence sprang that lovely flower who is their delight in Heaven, and that worthy fruit which was their joy during their exile on earth. Hail, holy Anne, valiant woman, in-vincible fortress! The whole Church celebrates thy praises as.the Mother.of the spotless Virgin, who has always triumphed over every heresy. Hail, holy Anne, sure help of mankind ! The just and the sinner alike invoke thee as their beneficent protectress and their powerful advocate before God. Hail, holy Anne, brilliant star that guideth the shipwrecked to port. The exile and the pilgrim look on thee as their stay and their charitable conductress. Hail, holy Anne, mirror of all virtue, in which all who are called to a higher life find a model of perfection, and all Chris-tians find aid in the accomplishment of their duties. Hail, holy Anne, consoler of the unfortunate! In thee the widow finds support, the orphan a mother,' the prisoner deliverance, the sick health, and the dying hope. Hail, holy Anne, help of all who implore thy assistance! Thy intercession is all-powerful with the Sacred Heart of Jesus; and Mary, thy immaculate Daughter, beareth thy petitions to the foot of the throne of our thrice-holy God. Ejaculation.ŠGood St Anne, obtain for me the grace of honoring God in his Saints. pp. 103-5. " Come unto me [not grandmother' Anne] all ye that labor and are heavy laden and I will give you rest." Matt. 11:28. 