AIVInRICAN SENTINEL. 299 by the State. The-church dictated the policy of the State. Bishop Vincent says most emphatically that the church makes a great mistake when it seeks to secure worldly position and to influence tem-poral power. Said he, "All the church wants is spiritual power, and the only influence it has any right to have is the influence it may have with individuals as individuals." Mr. Small is doubt-less perfectly sincere and honest in his disavowal of any union of Church and State. It would seem that he simply wants the church to assume its rightful prerogative. That is all that Cardi-nal Woolsey or Pope Hildebrand ever desired. The great trouble with them was that they were mistaken in regard to the church's rightful posi-tion. That is the trouble with Mr. Small. We see no reason, after a careful reading of Mr. Small's own statement of his position in his ser-mon, to withdraw our statement that he is really in favor of a union of Church and State. Ł And this charge is no device of desperation to compass an argument against the Prohibition party. The SENTINEL has no fight with the Prohibition party upon its prohibition principles. We have to do simply with those Prohibitionists who, like Mr. Small, would use the Prohibition party as a religious machine. We are thankful to know that there are many in the party who have no sympathy with any such movement. As to Mr. Small's insinuation against the read-ers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL, we have only to say that they number many thousands in every part of the United States, consisting chiefly of professional men, doctors, lawyers, judges, mem-bers of State Legislatures, ministers of the gospel, as well as laboring men; and Mr. Small will not enhance his own popularity by wholesale charges of idiocy against our country's best citizens. As to the statement of the Voice, that the AMERICAN SENTINEL spends its time in getting up religious bugaboos, we will only say that there is no need for us to work in that line so long as the Voice, while professedly working for prohibition, actually makes that secondary to re-ligious legislation. The SENTINEL lays no claim to being an inventor; it simply exposes the in- ventions of others. E..j. W. Queer "Americanship." IN the California Prohibitionist of September 11, 1889, somebody who signs himself "Christian Citizen," and says that he is not a Roman Catho-lic, indorses the assertion of the Roman Catholic Church that " our public schools are godless," and protests, "in the name of Protestant, Chris-tian Americanship, against the continuance of such an outrage against the home, the State, and God ;" and loudly exclaims, also in the line of Roman Catholicism, " Let there be a division of the school fund." This person, however, asks that there shall be a division of the fund into but two parts. He says :Š "Let one portion of it be used for the support of such schools as at present exist, where infidels, and scoffers, and patriots of the Harcourt stripeŠmay send their children if they like; and let the other portion be devoted to the support of schools in which the principles of morality and Christianity, as laid down in the Bible, shall be taught without sectarian bias." That is to say that the school fund should be divided into two parts, one part to be given to those who do not believe as he does, and the other part to him and those who do believe as he  does. Oh yes, true patriotism never appears more glorious than when I am the patriot and I the one to be delivered from oppression ! Un-selfishness never appears more truly sublime than when / can unselfishly demand that half the pub-lic school fund shall be appropriated, applied, and used to support my views of religion and what religious instruction ought to be ! What this "Christian citizen" means by " patriots of the Harcourt stripe " is explained by the fact that Rev. Dr. Harcourt, of San Francisco, has been delivering a series of Sunday evening discourses, in opposition to the Roman Catholic demands for religion in the public schools or else a division of the school fund. Dr. Harcourt con-sistently and patriotically holds that the public school is for the public. That as the public school funds are drawn by taxation from all classes, without discrimination or preference, so they shall be applied. It would be a real good thing if those who pro-fess religion could recognize the fact that no man gains any additional civil right or privilege by virtue of his religious profession. If there is not virtue enough in his religion to pay him for pro-fessing it, without demanding that the civil power should pay him, then there certainly is not enough virtue in it to pay for forcing it on somebody else. A. T. J. " Ł (Ł Let Them Persuade Men. MEN who do not have enough religion or enough of the Spirit of Christ to draw them to the house of worship, but are compelled to rest on Sunday, are going to be the worse off for a Sun-day law. The wickedness is in their unregener-ate hearts, and it is going to find a way out, un-less its place is filled by the Spirit of Christ. It is not all poetry which parents say to their chil-dren, "that Satan finds some mischief still for idle hands to do." If a man has not the spirit of the gospel to draw him to God and to make a Christian of him, the State cannot do it. It can only plunge him the .deeper into his own sins. Can you dam up Niagara so that the waters will not run ? Can you cover up Vesuvius and her-metically seal it so that it will not yield to the elements within? If you could, another crater would soon be found. If from the engine you do not allow the steam to escape from one valve, it will from another. Now take the favorite statement of Sunday-law advocates that'it is a civil Sunday that they want, and not a religious Sunday. That is, they want to compel men who have no religious in-centive, to be idle on Sunday. If they do not allow men to work on that day, they force them to be idle; and when they do that they simply fbrce them to find some new way to give vent to the deviltry which is within. The only remedy for sin is the gospel of Christ; but they cannot take the love of Jesus Christ and by law put it into the hearts of men. It is impossible to make them better, but they will make it possible for men to be worse than they were before,Šthey will make hypocrisy a necessary result. If min-isters will go to men and use persuasion, if they will talk from the pulpit, or write through the press, and work every day of the week, they are but exercising their right to get men to observe the first day of the week, and they should be protected in it; but to solicit the aid of the State to make men righteous by keeping Sunday, is un-American and un-Christian. Sunday Closing Not a Temperance Measure. IN our opposition to Sunday laws we have fre-quently been charged with working in the inter-ests of the liquor traffic. Many claim, and we do not doubt but a great majority of them think, that the enactment of a rigid Sunday law would be in the interest of temperance. We have al-ways denied this, and we think have demonstrated it many times. It was only recently that we published a short article on this point in the SENTINEL, in answer to the criticism of a sub-scriber. We are glad now to be able to present a definite statement on this point from a temper-ance worker who is also an ardent advocate of the Sunday law. The New York Voice of August 22 contains the experience of a pastor residing in Crete, New York. From some statements in his letter we think he is a Congregationalist. In the course of his article, which is a strong prohibition utterance, he says : Š " The saloon keepers of this place have not sold openly on the Sabbath to any great extent. That the Sunday restriction has its merits as a Sabbath-observance measure is true, and as such it should secure a strict enforcement. As a temperance measure it has little merit. It is just as practicable to get the Sunday supply of whisky or beer as of steak or roast. When the Omaha mayor a few weeks ago began shutting up the Sunday saloon in that city, men had a dry and dreadful time for the first Sunday under that policy. They had not dreamed it to be a serious purpose of the mayor. They were not caught a second Sunday, however; they got an abundant supply the Saturday before. The entire traffic can be carried on in six days, the only objection being that it is a little less convenient to get and keep over the Sunday supply. " We hope the Voice will not be accused of working in the interest of the saloon, because it published this statement. We believe in prohibi-tion, but we are strongly opposed to prohibition, so called, only one day in the week. But we are in favor of it three hundred and sixty-five days in the year. We say that the Sunday-closing movement not only has no value whatever as a temperance measure, but that it is a strong prop to the liquor traffic, in that it tends to make it respectable. This it does by placing it on a level with all other lines of business and mak-ing it legitimate. Let us illustrate :Š A good, conscientious woman who on Sunday morning sees her little boy playing ball, says, "Johnny, you should not play ball on Sunday. You must not do that." What idea would Johnny get from his mother's words ? Would he say, " Mother says it is not right to play ball " ? ŠNo. He would say, "Mother says it is not right to play ball on Sunday, but it is right to play ball on other days." Suppose she sees her boy smoking a cigar on Sunday, and, of course, does not want him to smoke, would she say, "Johnny, don't you know that you ought not to smoke cigars on Sunday?" Would not the boy get the idea from that that it was not wrong for him to smoke cigars, but that it was simply wrong to smoke on Sunday ? He could get no other idea. But, no; it is wrong, and it hurts her boy, no matter on what day it is done, and she does not want him to smoke at all, Sunday or ,any other day. The special point that we would leave with our readers is this, that any of them who are inclined to oppose Sunday laws, yet who have been hesi-tating because they were temperance men, need hesitate no longer. The Sunday-closing move-ment and the temperance movement have noth- ing in common. E. J. W. 