214 AMERICAN SENTINEL. sinia on'behalf of the Italian prisoners detained by him, and the Pope seemed favorable to the undertaking: And now, says the Independent, "a cardinal, whose name is not given, in conversation with a correspondent of a Catholic paper, intimates that an understanding inight he reached between the Vatican 'and the Quirinal pro-vided King Humbert's court and government were re-moved from the Eternal City and the Pope was given reasonable assurance of non-interference from the secular arm. He would be satisfied with less territory than the Holy See formerly occupied, but it is absolutely necessary that Rome should be free to him.. In return for this con-cession the Pope would allow the faithful in Italy to take part in the elections." Pourics can furnish no answer to the Christian's prayer, "Thy kingdom come; Thy will be done on earth, as it is in heaven." -414 4 The Church Not the Manager of the State. THE well-known evangelist, Rev. B. Fay Mills, re-cently gave a series of lectures in the Y. M. C. A. hall in Syracuse, N. Y. In the last of these Mr Mills spoke on the subject of the mission of the Church, and declared to his audience that "It is the business of the Church to see that the State conducts its affairs in a Christian fashion." This is a doctrine which is being declared everywhere by clergymen who are taking the lead in "moral reform" work at the present time; and the influence which these men exert over all classes whom they address, and espe-cially over powerful and enthusiastic organizations like the Society of Christian Endeavor, forbids the ignoring of their utterances as idle words not capable of produc-ing practical results. It is pleasing to note that on this occasion this doctrine was not allowed to pass unchal-lenged, the Syracuse Evening Herald, replying to Mr. Mills, as follows:Š " 'It is the business of the Church to see that the State conducts its affairs in a Christian fashion. ' B. FAY MILLS.' "Is it? Then if the majority in the State were Jews, would it be the business of the Jews to see that the State conducted its affairs ' in Jewish fashion? Or if a major-ity were not Christians, would it be the business of the majority to see that the State was conducted in a way not Christian? This is a Government by majority, but in order to protect as much as possible the minority against the intolerance and persecution which invariably' come with majority rule, constitutions are established as the fundamental law of the State under which the rights of the minority to freedom of speech, freedom of printing and freedom of worship are made sure. The genius of our Government is the complete separation of Church and State, yet here is a minister of a denomination which knows the meaning -of persecution for nonconformity to the ideas of the majority as to what constitutes Chris-tianity, standing for religious domination Š which  means denominational domination :in :its logicŠin the State. "Mr. Mills will have difficulty in finding authority in the New Testament for his doctrine that it is the business of the Church to supervise the State. It was the fear that the mission of Jesus Christ was to institute a sorely needed revolution in Judea that led chiefly to the perse-cution and death of the Founder of Christianity. Against this charge made by the orthodox Jews he protested. `Render unto Csar the things that are Ccesar's ' means that he would not have the Church see to it that the State was dominated by it. The words and example of Paul were always in direct refutation of the doctrine enuunciated by Mr. Mills. Both knew that the moment the Church became political that moment it would begin to lose in spiritual power, and the history of nineteen centuries has proved the scientific soundness of their position. The Church cannot have an influence upon the State in the way suggested by Mr. Mills without becoming political, and when the Church goes into pol-itics, into government, then such a government as that established by the fathers of this country and whose the-ory is in the national and State Constitutions. becomes impossible. " The State of New York, like the United States, is a government for and by the people, which means for and by all the people. This implies necessarily the complete separation of Church and State, the conduct of the State according to ethical principles alone, upon which all reli-gionists and even all agnostics are agreed. It makes the Government a business proposition, an enterprise for the conduct of the common affairs of all citizens regardless of religious creed or political doctrine. "In the early days of the colonies these wereŠmost of themŠconducted in the fashion which happened to be the prevailing idea as to a Christian government, and the history of the colonies is a long record of persecution and tyranny. `The Church' was that denomination which was in a majority, and all the other branches of the church were looked on as schismatics and rather worse than heathens and infidels. The so-called Christian gov-ernments of the colonies were tyrannies, and they consti-tute one of the most potent of possiblearguments against the doctrine enunciated by B. Fay Mills. The history of England, of France, of Germany, of Spain, and of nearly every other European country, and the effect of the so-called Christianization of the Roman Empire are other warnings both to the citizens of the United States as cit-izens and to the Christian Church as a church against Mr. Mills' doctrine. "It is the business of the Church to call men to re-pentance, to preach the gospelŠthe glad tidings of great joyŠto work for the spiritual regeneration of mankind through regeneration of the individual. In this business it has employment for all its energies and talents, and thus employing itself it is a more powerful influence for righteousness in the State and righteousness of the State as a governing corporation, than it can possibly be in attempting directly to dictate policies to the State and to'be the State. "The Government of the United States and of the State of New York are as much the governments of the non-Christian as of the Christian; of the Jew as of the Gentile; of the pantheist as of the Trinitarian; of the agnostic and Deist as of the strictest of the sect of special creationists who believe in special divine direction of the 