92 .A1011E11! CANT SIENTIPINIOKA., VoL. 10, No. 12. consequences be what they might ? Let every man answer this for himself. The freedom of England is a matter of boast; but if there had not been scores and hundreds of men and women in England in time past who would rather suffer death than do what they were convinced was wrong, lib-erty would not be found in England to-day even in the dictionary. The very name of it would be forgotten. We have need to beware -lest, while we build the tombs of the prophets and martyrs, we give evidence that we are the children of those who killed them. We can-not honor those noble men, no matter how much we boast of their deeds, if we basely yield our consciences into the keeping of another. Parliament and Conscience. The inspector who conducted the prosecu-tion of the society for Sunday work, referred to the fact that it was a matter of conscience, but said, " Parliament cannot make a law to fit every individual conscience ;" and all seemed to think that that settled the matter. " But," our friends say to us, " Do you really think it can ?" We reply, No; and therefore it can-not, in justice, legislate with regard to any-body's conscience, since to do so is for it to commit sin, and to attempt to force others to sin. The idea that a man ought to make his conscience bow to the law of the State, is a most pernicious one. It is to say that the State is the keeper of conscience. It is to make of the State a gigantic priest who shall dole out the measure of faith to every man. It is to say that a man has no business to have any conscience of his own, or even to think anything different from what the men at the head of the government prescribe for him to think. In short, it is to make a god of the State, and even to set it above God, since God himself does not seek to compel any man's mind or conscience. Englishmen are justly very jealous of the encroachments of popery; but if a man must submit his con-science into the keeping of another, what difference does it make whether that other sits in the Vatican or in Westminster ? But after all, to come back to the main point; this is Not Merely a Question of Conscience, nor of interpretation of Scripture, but of fact. The fourth commandment plainly says that " the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God," and there is no interpretation to it. Interpretation is needed only for those things that are obscure; but this language is very plain. It is not a question of how we understand a portion of Scripture, but of whether or not we believe and will obey it. And we do not make any demand that Parlia-ment shall pay any regard to our conscience; but we do ask the people of England, high and low, to have regard for their own con-science, and to remember that the Word of God is the only true guide of it. Christ or Antichrist? But the crowning point of all is that this question is in reality a question of loyalty. to Christ. We will avoid everything like in-volved argument, and will simply make a few statements that a child can follow. Speaking of Christ, the beloved disciple said, " Whoso keepeth his word, in him verily is the love of God perfected: hereby know we that we are in him. He that saith he abideth in, him ought himself also so to walk, even* as: he walked." 1 John 2: 5, 6. To be a Christian means to do as Christ did, and not to do differently. There is but one standard of Christianity, and that is Christ. 3ut Christ did not change the Sabbath,  On the, contrary, he kept the. seventh-day Sabbath of the commandment, the same day that the Jews regarded. How may you know this ? Search the Scriptures, and see for yourself. The fact that in the whole of the New Testament there is not the slightest hint of any- change in the day of the Sabbath, is sufficient evidence that the Scripture warrants no change in the practice. Further, you will find the term "Sabbath" used many times in the New Testament, and invariably with reference to the seventh day of the week, the original Sabbath. But the Scripture was written by holy men under the influence of the Holy Spirit of God. It was written as the guide for Christians. Its lan-guage is the language which the Holy Spirit has given for Christians. Therefore the only Christian name for the seventh day is the Sabbath, and the only Sabbath for Christians is the seventh day. But in the lack of time just at the present to read the New Testament through in order to find the absence of Sunday, let us read one or two impartial statements, since they are from men who believe in Sunday. Rev. Isaac Williams, B. D., late Fellow of Trinity College, Oxford, in a book entitled, " Plain Sermons on the Catechism," published by Longmans, Green & Co., makes the follow-ing candid admissions:Š In the first place we are commanded to keep holy the seventh day; but yet we do not think it necessary to keep the seventh day holy; for-the seventh day is Saturday. It may be said that we keep the first day instead; but surely this is not the same thing; the first day cannot be the seventh day; and where are we told in Scripture that we are to keep the first day at all ? We are commanded to keep the seventh; but we are nowhere commanded to keep the first day.ŠPage 334. On the next page but one he says that a difficulty to be explained is " how it is that the observance of the seventh day is done away with, although there is no warrant in Holy Scripture for doing so," and gives the follow-ing answer:Š The reason why we keep the first day of the week holy instead of the seventh is for the same reason that we observe many other things, not because the Bible, but because the Church, has enjoined it. The writer of the above seems to represent that branch of the Church of England that does not sympathize, with Rome; going to the other branch, we find that Canon Knox-Little, in his book on " Sacerdotalism," in which he argues in favor of Romish practices against the evangelical portion of the Church of Eng-land, says:Š Well, as to certain specific statements of Scripture which are said to forbid the teaching of fasting com-munion. What are they ? The palmary argument of opponents is that our Lord instituted the Blessed Sac-rament " after supper." It is difficult to believe that fairly instructed persons who use this argument are in earnest, and sincerely believe what they say. It would be just as sensible to argue that you are a " sacerdotalist " for observing the Lord's day, instead of observing the Jewish Saturday. It is certain that our Lord when on earth did observe Saturday, and did not observe Sunday; but no one, as far as I know, has ever been called a " sacerdotalist " for departing from' His undoubted habit tf "resting the seventh day."ŠPage 75. And again:Š Their effort strictly to adhere to our Lord's example to the letter, in spite of the usage of the Church, im-plies that they know better what our Lord desired than his. Church. If they are consistent, as I have said, they must keep Saturday, not Sunday, as the day of rest ŠPage 93. Here the Sabbath of the fourth command-ment is shown to be the crucial test whether with Rome or against her. It is not only admitted that the seventh day, commonly called Saturday, is the only Bible Sabbath, but it is shown that disregarding it involves the acceptance of the ceremonies and authority of Rome. Now since Christ did not change the Sab-bath, but kept it, it necessarily follows that his Church did not and cannot change the Sabbath, but must keep it. "The Church" and the Sabbath. But the church did change its practice in regard to the Sabbath. Yes, that is true, and thereby " the church" proclaimed itself not the church of Christ, but anti-Christian. Let us read " the church's " own testimony on this point. In " A Sure way to Find Out the True Religion," by Rev. T. Baddely, a Catholic priest, I read :Š Lastly, the keeping holy the Sunday is "a thing abso-lutely necessary to salvation; and yet this is nowhere put down in the Bible; on the contrary, the Bible says, "Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy" (Ex. 20:8), which is Saturday, and not Sunday; there-fore the Bible does not contain all things necessary to salvation, and, consequently, cannot be a sufficient rule of faith. In a book which was written in 1801, en-titled, " The End of Religious Controversy," consisting of a series of letters by the Rt. Rev. John Milner, addressed to Rev. Dr. Burgess, Lord Bishop of St. David's, in answer to his lordship's Protestant Catechism, I find the following:Š The first precept in the Bible is that of sanctifying the seventh day: " God blessed the seventh day, and sanctified it." Gen. 2: 3. This precept was confirmed by God in the ten commandments: "Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy." " The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." Ex. 20. On the other hand, Christ declares that he is not come to destroy the law, but to fulfill it. Matt. 5: 17. He himself observed the Sabbath; and, as his custom was, he went into the synagogue on the Sabbath day. Luke 4:16, His disciples likewise observed it after his death: They rested on the Sabbath day according to the commandment. Luke 23: 56. Yet, with all this weight of Scripture authority for keeping the Sabbath or seventh day holy, Protestants, of all de-nominations, make this a profane day,* and transfer the obligation of it to the first day of the week, or the Sunday. Now, what authority have they for doing this ? None at all, but the unwritten word, or tradi-tion of the Catholic Church, which declares that the apostles made the change in honor of Christ's resur-rection, and the descent of the Holy Ghost, on the first day of the week.ŠPage 89. This is simple fact. It is true that Protes-tants generally suppose that they are following the example of the apostles in observing the Sunday, but the fact is that the Bible gives no warrant for such a supposition. The Ro-man Catholic Church is the only authority for it. Once more; in " A Plain Talk about the Protestantism of To-day," I find the following very plain language :Š It is worth its while to remember that this observ-ance of the SabbathŠin which, after all, the only Protestant worship consistsŠnot only has no founda-tion in the Bible, but is in flagrant contradiction with its letter, which commands rest on the Sabbath, which is Saturday. It was the Catholic Church which, by the authority of Jesus Christ, has transferred this rest to the Sunday in remembrance of the resurrection of our Lord. Thus the observance of Sunday -by the Protestants is an homage which they pay, in spite of themselves, to the authority of the Church. It will be noticed that these Catholic state-ments concerning the Sabbath and the Bible are precisely the same as those previously quoted from Protestant writers. The "Man of Sin." Bear in mind two things. First, Christ did not change the Sabbath, and neither he nor the Holy Spirit ever authorized anybody else to do so. Second: It was " the church which arro-gated to itself the right and power to do that which Jesus Christ declared that he would not do, and which could not by any possibility *seventh-day Adventists and Seventh-day Baptists excepted. 