AMERICAN SENTINEL. 149 In tracing this subject it is necessary to examine sev-eral scriptures. A comparison of the symbol of the little horn of Daniel 7, and the beast of Rev. 13:1-10 will show that Daniel and John are speaking of one and the same power. Daniel was told.that the kingdom symbolized by the little horn was to arise subsequent to the division of the Roman Empire into ten kingdoms, which in turn is sym-bolized by the fourth beast having ten horns. Dan. 7:8, 23, 24. In attaining to supremacy the little horn was to up-root or subdue three of these kingdoms. Chap. 7:9, 24. Very plain is the prophecy concerning this matter; equally plain is the history showing the fulfillment. The Roman Empire was divided into ten kingdoms between the years 356 and 476 A. D. Between 476 and 538 A. D. three of these kingdoms were plucked up, and this was done by the papacyŠthe Roman Catholic Church. And as a testimony to this fact the pope to this day wears on his tiara a triple crown. Of this (papal) power it is said "He shall speak great words against the Most High, and shall wear out the saints of the Most High, and shall think to change the times and the law (R. V.) and they shall be given into his hand until a time, times and the dividing of time." V.25. This period is the same as the forty and two months of Rev. 13:5 or 1260 days of Chap. 12:6. There is no question as to this being the papacy, for there is no other power which has ever claimed to have the power to change God's law, and it is the only one that has ever made the attempt. It was in 538 A. D. that the papacy became supreme, and as it was to continue for 1260 yearsŠa day stand-ing for 'a year, see Eze. 4:6Šthe time when it was to re-ceive its deadly wound was 1798 for 538 plus 1260 equals 1798. And it is a well-known fact that in this year-1798 ŠThe French army under General Berthier, abolished the papal See, took the popeŠPius VI.Šprisoner, and carried him off to Valence, France, where he died a year later. But its deadly wound was to be healed. Although shorn of its power in 1798, two years later another pope was elected, and while from that time it began to lose its temporal possessions until in 1870 when it had nothing left but the grounds upon which the Vatican stands and which is subject to taxation just like the property of any other private citizen of the Italian kingdom, it has grad-ually been regaining strength and power, until at the present time all that remains of the deadly wound is as it were, an old scab, and it appears to be but a very short time when that will be removed. It has been stated that it was in1798 that the papacy received its deadly wound. At the time this wound was inflicted the prophet saw the two-horned beast coming up rapidly to take its place among the great nations of the earth. Compare Rev. 13:10, 11. But the only government that was coming up at the time was our own nationŠthe United States of AmericaŠThus: In 1776 the Declaration of Independence was  made; in 1789 the Constitution was ratified, and the Ship of State started on its career. At this time this Govern-mentŠand positively the only one that ever did itŠrec-ognized and adopted the principles of civil and religious liberty as taught by Jesus ChristŠthe Lamb of GodŠand which in the prophecy is indicated by the two lamb-like horns. Thus it is proven again that the United States is the nation described in Rev. 13:11 by the Seer of Patmos, and thus it is proven that the beast which received the deadly wound that was healed is the papacy. And as it is this beast to whom the mark belongs, by this same token it is proven that the mark to be enforced by this nation is the mark of the papacyŠthe Roman Catholic Church. Consequently if we can find that which the papacy sets forth as the mark of its power, and if too we can find that this is the identical thing that is sought to be en-forced upon the people of this nation the proof will amount to a demonstration that this mark claimed by the papacy, and sought to be enforced by the United States, and the mark in the prophecy are one and the same. What the mark itself is will be considered at another time. The Standard of Civil Duty. THERE are many who, while freely admitting that every soul is directly responsible alone to God in the domain of morals, still insist that the state should en-force so much at least of the divine law as pertains to our duties toward our fellow men. But in this they greatly err, not discerning the spiritual nature of the law of God. Civil duties are discovered and enforced not by the divine law, written in tables of stone, but by the divine law written in the hearts of all men and graven in the very nature of man. It is to this law the apostle refers when he says in Romans 2:14,15: "For when the Gen-tiles, which have not the law, do by nature the things contained in the law, these, having not the law, are a law unto themselves: which shew the work of the law written in their hearts, their conscience also bearing wit-ness, and their thoughts the meanwhile accusing or else excusing one another." "This law of nature," says Blackstone, "being coeval with mankind, and dictated by God himself, is of course superior in obligation to any other. It is binding all over the globe, in all countries, and at all times. No human laws are of any validity if contrary to this; and such of them as are valid derive all their force, and all their authority, mediately or immediately, from this original." By "the law of nature," is not meant the written law of God. "It is not used among them that be learned in the laws of England to reason what thing is commanded or prohibited by the law of nature and what not; but all the reasoning in that behalf is under this manner: When 