172 A.M1141na C.A.N VoL. 10, No. 22. " And if any person shall do so, he shall with pen-ance make amends for the same. And if you do not pay obedience to this command, verily I say unto you, and I swear unto you, by my seat, and by my throne, and by the cherubim who watch my holy seat, that I will give you my commands by no other epistle, but I will open the heavens, and for rain I will rain upon you stones, and wood, and hot water in the night, that no one may take precautions against the same, and that so I may destroy all wicked men. " This do I say unto you; for the Lord's holy day, you shall die the death; and for the other festivals of my saints which you have not kept: I will send unto you beasts that have the heads of lions, the hair of women, the tails of camels, and they shall be so rav-enous that they shall devour your flesh, and you shall long to flee away to the tombs of the dead, and to hide yourselves for fear of the beasts; and I will take away the light of the sun from before your eyes, and will send darkness upon you, that not seeing, you may slay one another, and that I may remove from you my face and may not show mercy upon you. For I will burn the bodies and the hearts of you, and of all those who do not keep as holy the day of the Lord. "Hear ye my voice, that so ye may not perish in the land, for the holy day of the Lord. Depart from evil, and show repentance for your sins. For, if you do not do so, even as Sodom and Gomorrah shall you perish. Now, know ye, that you are saved by the prayers of my most holy mother, Mary, and of my most holy angels, who pray for you daily. I have given unto you wheat and wine in abundance, and for the same ye have not obeyed me. For the widows and orphans cry unto you daily, and unto them you show no mercy. The pagans show mercy, but you show none at all. The trees which bear fruit I will cause to be dried up for your sins; the rivers and the fountains shall not give water. "I gave unto you a law in Mount Sinai, which you have not kept. I gave you a law with mine own hands, which you have not observed. For you I was born into the world, and my festive day ye knew not. Being wicked men, ye have not kept the Lord's day of my resurrection. By my right hand I swear unto you, ...that if you do not observe the Lord's day; and the festivals of my saints, I will send unto you the pagan nations, that they may slay you. And still do you attend to the business of others, and take no consid-eration of this ? For this will I send against you still worse beasts, who shall devour the breasts of your women. I will curse those who on the Lord's day have wrought evil. " Those who act unjustly towards their brethren, will I curse. Those who judge unrighteously the poor and the orphans upon the earth, will I curse. For me you forsake, and you follow the prince of this world. Give heed to my voice, and you shall have the blessing of mercy. But you cease not from your bad works, nor from the works of the devil. Because you are guilty of perjuries and adulteries, therefore the nations shall surround you, and shall, like beasts, devour you." The promulgation of this document greatly stimulated Sunday observances in England as indeed its modern prototype may possibly do in Tennessee. It will be noted that there is some conflict between the two documents as to the proper time to begin the observance of Sunday. The Sunday commandment, which now turns up in Tennessee, commands those to whom it is directed that " You shall finish your labors every Saturday at 6 o'clock in the afternoon, from that time the preparation of the Sabbath begins." The document brought to England by the abbot names the "ninth hour [three o'clock] on Saturday " as the hour at which all work must cease, and many remarkable things are related as happening to those who disre-garded this injunction. Hoveden relates some of these stories as follows:Š One Saturday, a certain carpenter of Beverley, who, after the ninth hour of the day, was, contrary to the wholesome advice of his wife, making a wooden wedge, fell to the earth, being struck with paralysis. A woman also, a weaver, who, after the ninth hour on Saturday, in her anxidty to finish a part of the web, persisted in so doing, fell to the ground, struck with paralysis, and lost her voice. At Rafferton also, a vill belonging to Master Roger Arundel, a man made for himself a loaf and baked it under the ashes after the ninth hour on Saturday, and ate thereof, and put part of it by till the morning, but when he broke it on the Lord's day blood started forth therefrom; and he who saw it bore witness, and his testimony is true. Ł At Wakefield, also, one Saturday, while a miller was, after the ninth hour, attending to grinding his corn, there suddenly came forth, instead of flour, such  a torrent of blood, that the vessel placed beneath was nearly filled with blood, and the mill-wheel stood im-movable, in spite of the strong rush of the water; and those who beheld it wondered thereat, saying, " Spare us, 0 Lord, spare thy people!" Also in Lincolnshire a woman had prepared some dough, and taking it to the oven after the ninth hour on Saturday, she placed it in the oven, which was then at a very great heat; but when she took it out, she found it raw, on which she again put it into the oven, which was very hot; and both on the next day and on Monday, when she supposed that she would find the loaves baked, she found raw dough. In the same county also, when a certain woman had prepared her dough, intending to carry it to the oven, her husband said to her, " It is Saturday, and is now past the ninth hour, put it one side till Monday ;" on which the woman,.obeying her husband, did as he commanded; and so, having covered over the dough with a linen cloth, on coming the next day to look at the dough, to see whether it had not, in rising, through the yeast that was in it, gone over the sides of the vessel, she found there the loaves ready made by the Divine Will, and well baked, without any fire of the material of this world. This was a change wrought by the right hand of Him on high.' " The historian [Hoveden] laments that these miracles were lost upon the people, and that they feared the king more than they feared God ; and so, like a dog to his vomit, returned to holding markets on the Lord's day., » 6 It is by such subterfuges as this Tennessee discovery and its legitimate predecessor in-vented by the Abbot Eustace, that the Sunday institution, now hoary with age, was first foisted upon the Christian Church; and it is by means little less dishonest that it is now maintained as a sacred day. A LETTER TO A CLERICAL FRIEND. DEAR BROTHER:Š As promised I will now write you again, addressing myself to the scripture you quoted in closing your kind letter to me. The text reads: " Therefore by the deeds of the law there shall no flesh be justified in his sight: for by the law is the knowledge of sin." Rom. 3:20. You did not quote the last clause, but evi-dently did not purposely omit it. However, I am at a loss to know why you quoted this text in connection with a consideration of the question, Ought the Sabbath of the fourth commandment to be observed ? Surely you do not believe that because men are not justi-fied by the deeds of the law, but by faith, therefore faith makes void the law; for to draw this conclusion from the text would not only be contrary to the manifest trend of the argument of the chapter, but contrary to its plainly expressed conclusion as stated in the last verse, which reads: " Do we then make void the law through faith ? God forbid: yea, we establish the law." Rom. 3: 31. The fact that we are saved by faith in Christ instead of by the deeds of the law, does indeed " establish " the law instead of abrogating it. For it teaches that the law is so "perfect," " spiritual," " holy," " just and good," that after we had violated it, and could not by future good works, even if it were in our power to perform them, atone for past viola-tions, the Son of God came to earth to die to save us from the penalty of transgression and to make it possible for us, through faith in him, to so connect with his infinite power as to have him work in us both to will and to do of his own good pleasure. In order to explain the thought further and at the same time give you the position of Seventh-day Adventists on the question, I will quote from a sermon delivered at their last General Conference, and published on page 232 of the Conference Bulletin :Š fi Hoveden, Vol. 2, pp. 529, 530. Andrews' " History of the Sabbath," p. 895. There was something that the law could not do, and that God, sending his own Son, did. But why was it that the law could not do what it desired, and what was required IŠIt was weak through the flesh. The trouble was in the flesh. It was this that caused the law to fail of its purpose concerning man. Then God sent Christ to do what the law could not do. And the law having failed of its purpose, because of the flesh, and not because of any lack in itself, God must send him to help the flesh, and not to help the law. If the law had been in itself too weak to do what it was intended to do, then the thing for him to have done would have been to remedy the law; but the trouble was with the flesh, and therefore he must remedy the flesh. It is true that the argument nowadays, springing up from that enmity that is against God, and is not sub-ject to the law of God, neither indeed can be, is that the law could not do what was intended, and God sent his Son to weaken the law, so that the flesh could answer the demands of the law. But if I am weak and you are strong, and I need help, it does not help me any to make you as weak as I am: I am as weak and helpless as before. There is no help at all in all that. But when I am weak and you are strong, and you can bring to me your strength, that helps me. So the law was strong enough; but its purpose could not be accomplished because of the weakness of the flesh. Therefore God, to supply the need, must bring strength to weak flesh. He sent Christ to supply the need ; and therefore Christ must so arrange it that strength may be brought to our flesh itself which we have to-day, that the purpose of the law may be met in our flesh. So it is written : " God sending his own Son in the likeness of sinful flesh," in order "that the righteousness of the law might be fulfilled in us, who walk not after the flesh but after the Spirit." I will not enlarge upon this thought fur-ther, for I cannot believe that you would seriously argue that because we are not saved by the deeds of the law but by faith, there-fore we are at liberty to violate the law. In closing, you say: "When the Lord shows me I am wrong then I will turn, and not before." In this conclusion, you are correct if you are willing, as I believe you are, that the Lord shall show you his will in his ap-pointed way, that is, through his Word. It is through his Word he shows us the truth, and to ask that he work a miracle to show that he desires us to obey that Word, is asking too much. When the lawyer came to the Lord with the question, "Master, what shall I do to inherit eternal life ?" the Lord answered, " What is written in the law ? how readest thou ?" Luke 10:25, 26. Again, when the rich man in the parable asked that a miracle be wrought to convince his unbelieving friends, the answer is returned, " They have Moses and the prophets, let them hear them." And when the plea was made, " But if one went unto them from the dead, they will repent," the former reply is empha-sized by the words, "If they hear not Moses and the prophets, neither will they be per-suaded, though one rose from the dead." Luke 16; 29-31. Again, in 2 Tim. 3: 16, 17, the Scriptures are affirmed to contain sufficient " instruction in righteousness: that the man of God may be perfect, thoroughly furnished unto all good works." Ł Now to apply this to the question of Sab- RELIGION is not in the purview of human government. Religion is essentially distinct from government and exempt from its cogni-zance. A connection between them is inju-rious to both.ŠJames Madison. bath-keeping: We are repeatedly told in Scripture that Sabbath-keeping is a good work (Isa. 58: 13, 14), but we are nowhere told that Sunday observance is a good work. Its ob-servance cannot, then, be necessary " that the man of God may be perfect." In closing let me say, settle this question by the Word of God, and let not majorities, social relations, or any human considerations effect that decision. Yours fraternally, A. F. BALLENGER. 