THE AMERIC.AN SENTINEL. 197 submitted to a public meeting of citizens embracing all shades of opinion on the subject of education and religion; Were approved by that meeting;,subsequently approved by the Board of ducation, and the Board appointed a committee, other than those that had framed the bills, to take these prbposed laws to Springfield and cause them to be introduced in the Legislature. These three bills were in-troduced in the House of Representatives on 3/larch 7, 1889, and became known as follows :Š House Bill No. 531, a bill for An act regarding truant children. House Bill' No. 547, a bill for an act prohibiting child. labor. House Bill No. 557, a bill for an act concerning the education of children. These three bills were referred to com-mittees of the House and the first two of them were not acted upon thereafter by the House, and so did not, become laws. The third bill passed the. House, Tbelieve, was sent to the Senate, and in the Senate there was = substituted for it a bill which was commonly supposed to have been pre-pared by the State Superintendent of In-struction, and which became a law. This bilf differk radically in several respects from the bill which was prepared and generally approved in Chicago, and it is to the objectionable features of this bill that it would seem, the whole controversy, both in Illinois and Wisconsin, is due. The bill that passed the Illinois Legisla-ture permits and even invites harsh, un-necessary,:and illegal prosecution against parents. It undertakes to vest in Boards of Education and Boards of Directors au-thority and jurisdiction over private day schools,, and subjects these to the approval of such Beards, without' which they can-not, according to the act, exist. Several prosecutions have taken place in the State of Illinois under this act, while not a sin-gle prosecution has taken place in the State of Wisconsin under the so-called Bennett Law. This brings us to consider what is the Bennett Law, and what were the circum-stances preceding, surrounding and suc-ceeding its enactment. The Wisconsin Legislature was in ses-sion during the winter of 1888-9. There was presented in that Legislature a bill known as the Pond Bill. The announced object of this Pond Bill was to secure statistics from all schools in the State of Wisconsin, public, private, and denomina-tional, touching several matters connected with the schools. The provisions of this bill were regarded as somewhat sweeping and inquisitorial. Agitation against the bill Was widespread throughout the State, and it was defeated. About this time, whether because of the defeat of the Pond Bill or not, I am not advised, copies of the three bills which had been prepared in Chicago, presented to the Illinois Legislature and defeated, were run together and introduced as one  bill in the Legislature of Wisconsin by Mr. Bennett, and it was announced, and repeated over and over again, and became generally accepted as true throughout the State of Wisconsin that the Bennett Bill, which in fact consisted of three bills on three very different; though related, sub-jects, was a copy of the Compulsory School Law, enacted in Illinois, and hence it came to pass that unjust prosecutions under the Illinois law were regarded as liable to be duplicated at any time in the State of Wisconsin. Those who were alarmed and exasper-ated by these Illinois prosecutors, all of them not being conversant with the rules of construction of statutes, and in many cases without having carefully studied the Bennett Law itself, grew to have an antipathy toward it because of what they supposed it to be. The blunder, to use no stronger term, of passing in Illinois a crude and defective law was followed in Wisconsin by the blunder of merging three separate bills, each containing ma-chinery for its own enforcement by pains and penalties, and passing the whole as one bill, which seemed, as was said in one of the protests made against it, " to bristle with penalties." The opposition to the Bennett Law was the result principally of the belief that it was the same as the Illinois law, which law permitted and authorized harassing and illegal interference, on the part of School Boards, with parental rights. And so the controversy grew, on one side per-sons believing that their parental and even religious rights were being unjustly interfered with, and on the other hand, persons believing that the opposition to the Bennett Law was opposition to popu-lar education, opposition to the public school law, and opposition to the develop-ment of a high standard of citizenship.ŠJudge Prendergast, Chicago. A Sunday Convention in California. A DISTRICT Sabbath Observance Con-vention was held at' San Jose, California, May 20 and 21, under the auspices of the California Sabbath Union and the Wo-man's Christian Temperance Union. It will be understood that the word Sabbath here refers to Sunday. From the pub-lished call for the Convention, we extract the following :Š The great importance of the divine institution, the steady growth of opposition to it as a sacred day of rest, the alarming prevalence of Sabbath desecration, and the danger that a continental Sun-day may displace our true American Sabbath, all call for combined wisdom and united effort to promote Sabbath sanctification and to secure a righteous civil law in our State that will tend to prevent the contemptuous disregard of our precious rest-day. Among the arguments brought to bear on the subject was the claim of Rev. T. B. Stewart, of San Francisco, that the murder of President Lincoln was a judg- ment of God on the Nation because the people of the North spent Sunday in re- joicing, with drums and cannon, over the surrender of Lee to Grant. Mrs. Bateham, of Ohio, was quite hope-ful of the future. " This question," she said, "is being agitated all around the world." She said:Š We have in America tried the Puritan Sabbath, and we ought to know what its influence has been. Foreign nations have envied us this holy observ-ance. All the nations of Europe are tending to-wards a more perfect keeping of the Lord's day. There has been a Sabbath Observance Congress in France, and we may soon expect a Sabbath law in this State. This is very encouraging, for France is one of the three spots in the civilized world that has no Sunday law. The District of Columbia is the second, and California, as you all know, is the third. . . . We have passed the midnight hour on this question, and now the dawn is coming. . . . Even the railroads have been influenced, and the Sunday freight traffic has diminished by one-half. . . . I have found a much stronger feeling in favor of this law in California than I expected, and I am greatly encouraged by such a Convention as this. In the course of a subsequent address, Mrs. Bateham said :Š There are people who ask for what they call a free Sunday. They should remember that liberty to play means liberty to work, and liberty to work means the liability to be compelled to work by those who are restless in their greed for wealth. In this the speaker completely upset the plea for a " civil Sabbath," with which the people of California are being regaled. That theory- would give men a free Sun-day; in fact, freedom of the overworked laborers is professedly the great object sought. But according to Mrs. Bateham, they must not have freedom to play. What then must they have freedom to do ? Let her own words tell :Š We wish to secure this day safe from all work, in order that men may spend it with their families and have time to attend the house of worship and to study. Those people who are credulous enough to accept the plausible civil Sabbath ad-vances in favor of a State Sunday law may as well open their eyes first as last to the fact that no such thing is contem-plated by the chief movers in this plot. The whole tenure of the sentiment ex-pressed by members of the Convention was to the point of a sacred, religious ob-servance of the day. Mrs. Bateham is an acknowledged mouth-piece of the Sunday-law element, and her denunciations of a free Sunday are applauded by the Califor-nia Sunday-law Union. Quite a number of honest people have been thus far duped with the idea of " merely a civil Sabbath ;" but when this movement shall have cul-minated in law, they will find that a re-ligious day underlies their expected day of recreation. They must not have lib-erty to play. Dr. Hirst, President of the University of the Pacific, delivered an address on the subject, "Shall We Have a Continental Sunday, or the Christian Sabbath ?" He, too, dwelt emphatically on the sacredness 