2 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. "And if there be any other commandment it is briefly comprehended in this saying, Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself.' " This word covers all the field in which the duty of any man can be related to civil government. With the men who do the things there named no government can ever find any fault. But in the points named there is not embraced any of the duties which men specifically owe to God! Therefore, within the line of man's rela-tions to his fellowman, God has set the limit to the jurisdiction of civil govern-ment. Civil government never can go be-yond that limit without trenching upon ground where God has forbidden it to go. God has separated the duties which man owes to himself from those which civil gov-ernment may require; and what God has put asunder let no man join together. Therefore the SENTINEL maintains that it is the natural and inalienable right of every man to worship or not to worship according to the dictates of his own con-science; and that he is responsible to God alone for the exercise of that right. With George Washington we hold that "every man who conducts himself as a good citizen is accountable alone to God for his religious faith." Any interference with this right on the part of any person or power is as unwarranted as it is unjust. The SENTINEL maintains that its prin-ciples, as thus set forth, are strictly in har-mony with the original intent of the gov-ernment of the United States under its Constitution. It was plainly declared by the framers of this government that "no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States ;" that "Congress shall make no law respecting an establish-ment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof ;" and that "the govern-ment of the United States of America is not in any sense founded on the Christian religion." It is therefore not only as a Christian publication, but, per consequence, as a loyal American publication, that the AMERICAN SENTINEL proposes to dissem-inate its principles. And the SENTINEL cordially invites the co-operation of all lovers of Christianity and of the American Constitution in the work to which it is devoted. Ł 1.-Ł  Queer Ideas of Morals. IN the Iowa Sunday-law convention, President Blanchard of Wheaton College, Ill., said: "I would rather swear for half an hour than buy a Sunday paper for half a minute ; " and in the annual convention of the National W. C. T. U., one of the representative speakers said : " I am a Christian, yet I would rather tell a lie than to put on a corset." It may be that both these persons are Christians according to their understanding of what Christianity is; but such statements as these certainly betray a serious confusion of ethical ideas.  Yet these are the people who want the State to legislate on the subject of morals and religion, and to give legal force to their ideas of morals ! When such people get control of legislation and of law their own narrow views and confused ideas of things become supreme, their will takes precedence of the will of God. Mr. Blan-chard is the gentleman who some time ago announced that in this matter of religious legislation they are "the representatives of God !" With this idea the above quo-tations are consistent, because such has ever been the course of the self-appointed "representatives of God" in government and law. "Is there not a Cause?" Is there not a cause for the existence and the work not only of the AMERICAN SENTINEL, but also of many other papers of the same kind ? Let us see. We have said the SENTINEL exists for the purpose .of opposing all manner of religious legis-lation and everything that tends toward any union of religion and the State ; and of maintaining the principles of the United States Constitution as it stands separated from religion. What now is there be-ing done in favor of religious legislation ? What is being done to unite religion and the State ? What is being done against the principles of the United States Con-stitution as it relates to religion ? First, there is the National Reform As-sociation, headquarters in Philadelphia, an association in the twenty-sixth year of its existence, whose one leading purpose is to secure an amendment to the National Con-stitution declaring this to be a Christian nation, empowering Congress to legislate upon the subject of the Christian religion, and pledging the United States Govern-ment to the maintenance of Christian in-stitutions and Christian morality, as such, in all the land. Second, the American Sabbath Union, headquarters in this city, whose sole pur-pose of existence is to secure an act of Congress by which the observance of the Lord's day as a day of rest and religious worship shall be enforced by the national power within its jurisdiction, and thus to make effective by its example all such laws already in existence in the States. These two are one so far as the Sunday legislation goes, and with both these to secure what they both demand, are more or less perfectly allied,Šthe National Woman's Christian Temperance Union; the third-party Prohibition party; the Evangelical Alliance; and last, but not by any means the least, the Catholic Church. The National Reform Associa-tion declares for the establishment of a theocracy in the place of the government of the United States under its present Constitution; the National W. C. T. U. declares for the same; the representatives of the American Sabbath Union and the  Prohibition party declare that in their work for legislation they are the "repre-sentatives of God" and "the successors of the prophets ;" and everybody knows what the Catholic Church means by the declara-tion of the Lay Congress lately held, in favor of legislation, to secure which it pro-poses to seek an alliance with Protestants. Besides this, Pope Leo XIII. has long ago commanded "all Catholics" to "do all in their power to cause the Constitutions of States and legislation to be modeled on the principles of the true church." Besides the work of these different bodies, as organizations, there are a number of papers which advocate the principles which the organizations seek to have enacted into law. There are two papersŠthe Chris-tian Statesman and the Christian NationŠrepresenting the National Reform Associa-tion. There is oneŠthe Mail and Express of this cityŠwhich is the official organ of the American Sabbath Union; besides which the Union possesses the influence of nearly all the religious papers of the country, both Protestant and Catholic, and of some secular ones. The National W. C. T. U. adds the influence of its organŠthe Union Signal; the Prohibition party like-wise joins its Voice with all these others demanding religious legislation. And yet in addition to all these there is Joseph Cook's magazine, Our Day,ŠMr. Cook himself being a vice-president of the Na-tional Reform Association. What have these organizations already accomplished ? In the Fiftieth Congress, May 21, 1888, they secured the introduction in the United States Senate of the Blair Sunday-Rest Bill, and worked hard to secure its passage ; but that Congress ex-pired, and the bill died without their wish being fulfilled. In the same Congress, May 25, 1888, there was introduced a "Joint Resolution proposing an amend-ment to the Constitution of the United States respecting establishments of religion and free public schools," which proposed to enforce by national power the teachings of "the principles of the Christian re-ligion" in all the public schools of the country. This resolution was indorsed by the National Reform Association as em-bodying the very thing for which that Association had been working for twenty-five years. This also died with the Fiftieth Congress. Yet all these organizations have con-tinued, by every means which they could employ, to work up public favor for the legislation which they demand. The Fifty-first Congress had been in existence scarcely a week before Senator Blair re-introduced both his Sunday-Rest bill and the Joint Resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States; and the organizations named are pledged to secure, if possible, the adoption of those measures before the present Congress shall expire. Besides the Blair, amendment pro. posed in 1888 and again in 1889, there is, 