FEBRUARY 21, 1895.  gIMNT`r 59 rebelled against God, he permitted them to reap the fruit of their doings. When they repented and sought him, he delivered them, and they were still called by his name. But while he permitted them to retain in a meas-ure their religio-civil laws, and to administer them by a semi-ecclesiastical court, he never restored the theocracy which they had rejected. And with the overthrow of Zedekiah the de-scendants of Abraham ceased to be an independ-ent nation and became a dependency of another power. " Ichabod " had long been written on the Jewish escutcheons, but they did not fully realize the fact, and most persistently did they from time to time endeavor to restore the an-cient polity and rehabilitate themselves with divine power. But it was not to be. They preserved their ecclesiastical organization, but their political power was limited by the will of a foreign rules. God still cared for them, but foreigners ruled over them restrained only by his providence. The word of the Lord was thou, profane wicked prince of Israel, whose day is come, when iniquity shall have an end, Thus saith the Lord God; Remove the diadem, and take off the crown: this shall not be the same: exalt him that is low, and abase him that is high. I will over-turn, overturn, overturn it: and it shall be no more, until he come whose right it is; and I will give it him. Eze. 21: 25-27. The divine fiat had gone forth canceling forever any special right of any man or of any set of men to rule in civil things in God's name. It is true that the Jewish rulers never ceased to claim divine right to rule, and that in fact they represented Deity. Down until the destruction of Jerusalem by the Romans, the Sanhedrim clung to the delusion that they were God's representatives in both civil and religious affairs, but the Lord did not so recognize them; and our Saviour utterly re- pudiated the claim of the people to civil authority by refusing to accept a throne at their hands, declaring that his kingdom was not of this world,Šthat is, it was not of a temporal nature, neither was his authority to be conferred by the powers of this world, but by his Father only. And again did the Saviour humble the pride of the Jews and rebuke their assumption by reminding them, in the incident of the tribute money (Matt. 22: 15-21), that Cwsar was their ruler, and that they themselves recognized his authority by using coins bearing his image and super-scription. The Apostle Paul likewise dis-dained the civil authority of the Jews when he appealed unto Csar. And even the Jews themselves in their mad frenzy declared, " We have no king but Cmsar." And in this they spoke truly, for God had declared that civil power should no more be exercised in his name, till he should conic whose right it isŠcome, not to die for sinners, but as "King of kings and. Lord of lords." At the date of the prophecy of Eze. 21: 25-27, already quoted, the Jewish people were subject to Babylon. The first overturn- ing left the kingdom subject to Medo-Persia ; the second placed it under the dominion of Grecia, while the third and last gave it to Rome. " And it shall be no more, until he come whose right it is." Who he was to whom the promise was made we learn from Luke 1 : 31-33 :-- And, behold, thou shalt conceive in thy womb, and bring forth a son, and shalt call his name Jesus. He shall be great, and shall be called the Son of the Highest: and the Lord God shall give unto him the throne of his father David: And he shall reign over the house of Jacob forever; and of his king-dom there shall be no end. But it is plain that this promise does not refer to an earthly, temporal kingdom. To Pilate, Jesus declared, " My kingdom is not of this world," John 18: 36. While  to his disciples he said: " I appoint unto you a kingdom, as my Father hath appointed unto me; that ye may eat and drink at my table in my kingdom, and sit on thrones judging the twelve tribes of Israel." Luke 22: 29, 30. And he did not leave them in doubt as to the enduring nature of that kingdom, or when they should enter upon it; he said: " In the regeneration when the Son of man shall sit in the throne of his glory, ye also shall sit upon twelve thrones, judging the twelve tribes of Israel." Matt. 19: 28. When it is that Christ shall " sit in the throne of his glory " is told in an-other text. It is " When the Son of man shall come in his glory, and all the holy angels with him, then shall he sit upon the throne of his glory : And before him shall be gath-ered all nations: and he shall separate them one from another, as a shepherd divideth his sheep from the goats: and he shall set the sheep on his right hand, but the goats on the left. Then shall the King say to them on his right hand, Come, ye blessed of my Fa-ther, inherit the kingdom prepared for you from the foundation of the world." Matt. 25: 31-34. These texts make it positive that a theoc-racy can exist no more in this world until the second coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, with power and great glory, and that any-thing which professes to be a theocracy, or to partake of the nature of a theocracy, is simply a usurpation of the divine prerogatives and in defiance of the will of God as plainly expressed in his Word. THE " PILOT " ATTACKS THE "SENTINEL." THE Pilot, a Roman Catholic paper of Boston, publishes the following in its issue of February 9:Š Judging from the utterances of the AMERICAN SEN-TINEL, an organ of the Seventh-day Adventists, on "Romanism," and its diatribes against Protestants who believe in keeping the Christian Sabbath holy, it is easy to guess how tolerant the Seventh-day fanatics would be if they had the power of making the Sabbath laws. Woe to.the Jew who did not keep Saturday, to the Mohammedan who observed Friday, and to the Christian who rested on Sunday. A little toleration of others would be becoming in people who shriek so loudly against the " intolerance " which compels them to respect their neighbor's religious views on one day of the week. Now, this is interesting indeed. A Roman Catholic paper, in the role of champion defender of Protestantism against Seventh- day Adventists! It is said that politics some- times makes strange bedfellows, but politics never accomplished so great a feat in that direction as has been accomplished by Sev-enth-day Adventists in their advocacy of the Bible Sabbath. By the last sentence we are given to understand that Roman Catholics sympathize with the imprisonment of Seventh-day Adventists, because they neglect to pay to the dominant religion a tribute of one of the " six working days" which God has given them. Seventh-day Adventists have never been prosecuted for an actual disturbance of any person's Sunday-rest. Of the hundreds of witnesses against them in the forty-four cases in which they have been punished for labor- ing on Sunday, only two have sworn that they were disturbed by the work. One testi-fied that though he did not see or hear the work done, he was disturbed by the mere knowledge that it was being done. The other witness swore that he was " shocked" on seeing the Seventh-day Adventist hoeing in his field, while acknowledging, under oath, that at the same moment that he was so " shocked" with the seventh-day observer's Sunday hoeing, he, with his hired hand, was  driving home a cow which they had gone to a neighbor to procure. The kind of disturb-ance and disrespect which Seventh-day Ad-ventists have inflicted on these Romanizing Protestants is the same kind of disrespect which Huss and Jerome paid to the religion of their Roman Catholic murderers,Šthey taught and practiced contrary to the religion which, as Pope Leo XIII. expresses it, enjoyed the " favor of the laws and the patronage of public authority." The Pilot thinks that Seventh-day Ad-ventists would be just as intolerant as itself and its Protestant imitators if they had the power. We can understand this. It is an,  absolute impossibility for a papist to under-stand how a man can enjoy his religion and not desire to force it upon his neighbor, or at least compel him to cease opposition to it. This is not because the Roman Catholic is by nature any more perverse than other men, but it is because his religion teaches him a principle totally at variance with the spirit of the gospel. He who understands the spiritual nature of the gospel will not attempt to com-pel any man to accept it or to pay a hypo-critical respect to it. God himself does not and cannot force the will of man to accept salvation. He wooes him by his Spirit, and when he rejects his tender pleadings, he says: " Ye will not come to me, that ye might have life. " The papal system is a stranger to this spir-itual nature of the gospel. We therefore pity the editor of the Pilot, because he is the vic-tim of an antichristian system, and we are making every effort to present the gospel in its true nature, with the hope of winning Roman Catholics by its infinite beauty, love and mercy. The Pilot charges us with abusing Protes-tants because we tell them the truth about the papal Sunday. It has been regarded as abuse to tell and live the truth ever since Cain killed Abel " because his own works were evil, and his brother's righteous." Jesus, during his earthly ministry, spoke and acted the truth about the Sabbath, and those who violated the Sabbath and exalted the tradi-tions of the church above the law of God, sought to kill him because of it. We have never used, and never will use, as severe language in telling Protestants that Sunday is a Roman Catholic institution as papists are themselves using in telling the same truth. Here are paragraphs from edi-torials which appeared in Cardinal Gibbons' organ, the Catholic Mirror, of September 9 and 23, 1893. The editorials in question are two of a series of four articles which appeared in the Mirror of September 2, 9, 16 and 23, 1893, and were afterwards published by the Catholic Mirror, Baltimore, Md., in a pam-phlet which has now reached its fifth edition. The pamphlet is entitled, " The Christian Sabbath the Genuine Offspring of the Union of the Holy Spirit, and the Catholic Church His Spouse. The Claims of Protestants to any Part Therein Proved to be LGroundless, Self-Contradictory and Suicidal." On pages 13 and 14 of the pamphlet we find the following:Š Thus, it is impossible to find in the New Testament the slightest interference by the Saviour, or his Apos-tles, with the original Sabbath, but, on the contrary, an entire acquiescence in the original arrangement;  nay, a plenary indorsement by him, whilst living;  and an unvaried, active participation in the keeping of that day and no other by the apostles, for thirty years after his death, as the Acts of the Apostles have abundantly testified to us. Hence the conclusion is inevitable, viz., that of those who follow the Bible as their guide, the Israelites and Seventh-day. Adventists have the exclusive weight of evidence on their side, whilst the Biblical Protestant has not a word in self-defense for his substitution of Sunday for Saturday, 