.. ~iiitiriir;iiHiji Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas 7eferson. VOLUME 6. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 12, 1891. NUMBER 7. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND ST., NEW YORK. 'Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BommAN, W. H. Mc KEE. " GIVE us a day of rest !"  cry the agi-tators. "Take a day of rest," say we.ŠColorado Graphic. Ł 1.-Ł- " THE sole end for which mankind are warranted, individually or collectively, in interfering with the liberty of action of any of their ni!tmber, is self-protection." THE conclusion is inevitable that the line cannot be too strongly drawn between Church and State. If a solemn act of leg-islation shall, in one point, define the law of God, or point out 'to the citizen one re-ligious, duty, it may with equal propriety, proceed to define every part of divine rev-elation, and enforce every religious obliga-tion, even to the forms and ceremonies of worship, the endowment of the Church and the support of the clergy.ŠCol. Rich-ard .211. Johnson. Ł -4-Ł Ł " A TEST," says the Press, " is to be made in Erie County of the legal rights of doctors to advertise. The claim is set up that under an old statute they will thereby forfeit their diplomas. If such a law exists it' is not in keeping with the spirit of the age. The physician whose study and experience have made him a specialist in any branch of surgical or medical science, so that he is able to treat the maladies of his fellow-men with greater skill than his fellow-physicians, should not be compelled by law to hide his light under a bushel. If he chooses to do so under the code of medical ethics, that is a  matter for his own conscience. But the law should not be utilized to compel him not to advertise any more than to compel him to advertise. This is a free country." With such laws as this referred to by the Press, and with some that are pro-posed, what may we not expect ? Is it not about time to call a halt and allow to the individual some freedom of choice, some chance to exercise private judgment, with-out violating a statute of the State ? A Brief Review. Indifference can not but be criminal, when it is conversant about objects which are so far from be-ing of an indifferent nature, that they are of the highest importance.ŠAddison. It was with a kiss that Judas betrayed his divine Master; and we should be admonished, no matter what our faith may be, that the rights of conscience cannot be so successfully assailed as under the pre-text of holiness.ŠRichard M. Johnson. RELIGIOUS liberty has been so long en-joyed in this country that most people think that it never can be otherwise. But in this very sense of security lurks a serious danger. " It is the unexpected that- happens." Signs are not wanting, to indicate to those who have been watching the current of events, that un-less the people awake to the danger a large share of their boasted liberty may slip from their grasp ere they are aware that their hold upon it is being loosened in the least. Those who have carefully noted the changes that have taken place during the past twenty years, must admit that not the least among them has been the change in public sentiment touching the subject of governmental interference in matters if not directly, religious, at least closely akin to religion. The causes which have led to this change are manifold; but by far the greater part of the change,  is due to persistent organized effort to bring about in this Nation an alliance be-tween religion and the State. One agency which has been at work in this country to bring about the indicated change, is the National *Reform Associa- tion, which was organized nearly twenty-seven years ago. Its avowed object is to secure such a change in the Constitution of the United States as will " place all our Christian laws, institutions, and usages on an undeniable legal basis in the funda-mental law of the land." This is their own language, and to make this change in the Constitution would be, as they themselves admit, to recognize Christian-ity as the true religion, and to make the Bible the basis of all civil legislation. This they say would not be a union of Church and State, but only a union of religion and the State. But this is making a distinction where there is no real differ-ence, as we have many times shown in these columns. We will, however, briefly restate some of the arguments which show that this would be a virtual union of Church and State. It is certain that if Christianity is to be recognized as the true religion, somebody must define what Christianity is. That definition must be that which somebody believes, and that which is believed' is a creed; for the simplest definition of creed is " that which is believed." It matters not whether there be one article or forty articles in a creed, it is a creed neverthe-less. This is illustrated in the case of the Unitarians, who have reduced their creed to a single article of faith. Neither does it alter the case if those who unite in forming this creed should differ upon many points not defined in the creed. This again is illustrated by the fact that in almost all churches we find 'a multitude of various opinions held upon what are called minor points, or " non-essentials." Churches are formed, at least nowadays, by people getting together and uniting on a few doctrines which they term " essentials." And just so with those who favor official recognition of Christian-. ity ; should they be successful they would unite upon what they would deem to be a few " essential " points upon which the majority could agree, and that would of necessity be the established religion of the -United States, What degree of toleration 