106 C A.INT VoL. 8. No. 14. ization is known to God. It can not be concealed from Him,Šnor from those who serve him in truth,Šthat their purpose is not to serve God, and that whatever their purpose they can not by the use of such means serve the God of peace. It makes no difference what these organizations may call themselves; whether they be Roman Catholic, to further the denomina-tional interests and temporal power of Ro-man Catholicism,Šor whether they be avowedly Protestant with the expressed purpose by every possible discrimination in temporal and civil matters, and social affairs, to circumscribe the influence and reduce the business and political prestige, and success, of the Roman Catholic be-cause of his Catholicism; or whether they be like these organizations which profess no sectarian or denominational bias but are willing to join hands with all to secure enforced obedience to the requirements of a legally accepted religion,Šall these are of one kind. Their methods and purposes are not those of the God of peace and jus-tice. It is the final expression of a civil-ized paganism and a highly developed ecclesiasticism in a last desperate alliance to fight the battles of Satan against God and his goodness. w. H. M. The Proposed Sixteenth Amendment. THE proposed Sixteenth Amendment is again attracting a good deal of attention and provoking a good deal of discussion from the fact that Monsignor Satolli has been asked to give his views concerning it. The proposed amendment reads as follows No State shall pass any law respecting an estab-lishment of religion or prohibiting the free exer-cise thereof, or use its property or credit, or any money raised by taxation, or authorize either to be used for the purpose of founding, maintaining or aiding by appropriation, payment for services, ex-penses, or otherwise, any church, religious denom-ination or religious society, or any institution, society or undertaking, which is wholly or in part under sectarian or ecclesiastical control. There are two things which this amend-ment would prevent should it become a part of the fundamental law; (1), the setting up of any denomination to be the State Church; and (2), the appropriation of public money for the support of de-nominational schools. Both these objects are desirable, and, as far as it goes, the proposed amendment is good; but there are also two very important things that it would not do; (1), it would not prevent '" sects having control of legislation " from passing laws in aid of their own peculiar practices and dogmas; and (2), it would not prohibit the use of public funds for religious purposes under State super-vision, provided no denomination or ec-clesiastical organization was the benefi-ciary. That the proposed amendment would not prevent sects having control of legis-lation from legislating in a general way in their own favor, is evident from the interpretation put by a United States court upon the constitutional guarantee of religious liberty in Tennessee. The constitution of that State provides that " no human authority can, in any case whatever, control or interfere with the rights of conscience; and that no prefer-ence shall ever be given by law to any re-ligious establishment or mode of worship." The question at issue under this constitu-tional provision was the right of the State to require everybody within its borders to observe the first day of the week by  refraining on that day from all secular labor and business. The view taken of this by the United States Circuit Court in the case of R. M. King, was that the con-stitution of Tennessee does not guarantee freedom of religious belief in the sense that a Seventh-dayAdventist, Seventh-day Baptist, or other observer of the seventh day, " might set at defiance the preju-dices, if you please, of other sects having control of legislation in the matter of Sunday observance, but only in the sense that he should not himself be disturbed in the practice of his creed; which is quite a different thing from saying that in the course of his daily labor, . . . he might disregard laws made in aid, if you choose to say so, of the religion of other sects." There is good reason to believe that this opinion was not announced until it had been submitted to at least a portion of the Supreme Bench of the United States, and approved, unofficially, by the highest judicial authority in our land. This gives the opinion great significance. The Ten-nessee guarantee of religious freedom is certainly not less ample than is the pro-vision of the Federal Constitution on the same subject, nor is it less broad and definite than the proposed Sixteenth Amendment. If, therefore, there is in the constitution of Tennessee nothing which in the opinion of either State or Federal judges prevents those sects hav-ing control of legislation from making laws in aid of their religion, there is certainly nothing in the proposed amend-ment that would prevent such legislation, provided it did not go so far as to establish a single sect to the exclusion of others, and did not appropriate money in aid of ec-clesiastical organizations. That this view of the proposed amend-ment is not visionary, nor the result of an unreasoning prejudice, is evident from the fact that its promoters themselves have defined its scope about as here in-dicated. It would not, they say, " pre-vent the passage of laws for the protection of the Christian Sabbath," nor would it interfere with the giving of " Christian instruction" in institutions supported by State funds, but not under sectarian con-trol. It would not stop the employment of chaplains in legislative halls, nor in the army and navy, nor interfere in any way with any " Christian feature " of our Government, but is simply designed to prohibit the setting up of any ecclesiasti-cal establishment as the State Church or giving public funds for the support of any denomination. At the close of a hearing, held April 12, 1892, by the House Committee on the Judiciary to consider this proposed amendment, Rev. James M. King, the secretary of the as-sociation by which the amendment was framed and by which it is being urged, was asked if extending to the several States the provisions of the First Amend-ment to the Federal Constitution would not require the repeal of all laws bearing on religion, such as the belief in a God as a qualification to testify as a witness, laws against blasphemy, and laws requiring Sunday observance. Mr. King replied that it would not, as it was designed solely to prevent the appropriation of money for sectarian purposes. Which sim-ply means that it is designed to exclude from the public crib, the Roman Catho-lics without in the least interfering with the giving of that colorless thing known as "unsectarian religious instruction" at  Government expense. This is what it is intended to mean, and there is little hope that our courts would give it any broader application. The Supreme Court has already virtually nullified our national guarantee of religious freedom by declar-ing that "there is no dissonance" between the Church and State charters under which this country was settled and the First Amendment to the Constitution. And there is, therefore, little hope that the proposed Sixteenth Amendment would ever be held to rehabilitate the once grand charter of American religious liberty, now degraded to the level of the greed and bigotry of the seventeenth century. C. P. B. Christianity no Part of the Common Law. THE Supreme Court has decided that this is " a Christian Nation." And some courts have decided that common law is based upon the Christian religion. But no courts, by any amount of decisions can ever make white black. The Federal Constitution declares," No religious test shall ever be require as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States." Justice Story says of this it was " to cut off forever every pretense of any alliance between Church and State in the general Government." The treaty with Tripoli, signed by George Washington, and by an Ex-Congrega-tionalist minister, says that " the Govern-ment of the United States of America is not, in any sense, founded on the Chris-tian religion." Of treaties, the Constitution itself says that they " shall be the supreme law of the land; and the judges in every State shall be bound thereby." Thus the Su-preme Court, in that decision, exalted itself above the " supreme law of the land " in saying that this is " a Christian Nation." Jefferson said of this idea of Christianity being recognized as part of the common law in the mother country, " that it came to be recognized contrary to the principles of common law." In this country, Christianity forms no part of common law, because State Christianity has been superseded by religious libertyŠthat is equality of all religions. The principles of Christianity were never made to be forced upon men. For this reason to engraft religion upon the common law was not only contrary to the principles of common law, but contrary to the princi-ples of Christian religion as well. The constitution of Ohio says "that all men have a natural and an indefeasible right to worship Almighty God according to the dictates of conscience ; that no human authority can, in any case whatever, con-trol or interfere with the rights of con-science." As 'religion is a matter of the conscience, a matter of one's relation to the Creator, of obedience or disobedience; and as the Creator left the will of man without restraint, leaving each one to choose for himself it must be clear that the ideas of the founders of our general Government, that the Government " is in no sense founded upon the Christian religion," is the true American idea. And it is the only one that can be made con-sistent with the principles of that reli-gion and the duty of the State. The province of civil governments is to pro-tect all in their religious rightsŠfreedom of conscienceŠand this is the limit of all earthly authority in matters of religion. 