308 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. body is required to do a single religious act on that day," etc. And such arguments are advanced even by men who declare that "take the religion out and you take the rest out ;" and again, "You cannot long pre-serve the Sabbath [Sunday is meant] as a day of rest unless you preserve it as a day of worship." But whatever is true of the actual language of the various statutes, it is certain that religious observance is the thing sought to be secured by them. This is evident from the language of "the usual exemption" of observers of "another day." Such exemption usually runs as follows : Arkansas: "Persons who are members of any re-ligious society who observe as Sabbath any other day of the week than the Christian Sabbath, or Sunday, shall not be subject to the penalties of this act, so that they observe one day in seven, agreeable to the faith and practice of their church or society." Connecticut: "No person who conscientiously be-lieves that the seventh day of the week ought to be observed as the Sabbath, and who actually refrains from secular business and labor on that day, shall be liable to prosecution for performing secular business and labor on the Sabbath provided he disturbs no other person while attending public worship." The Indiana code provides that "nothing herein contained shall be construed to affect such as consci-entiously observe the seventh day of the week as the Sabbath," etc. Iowa is the same as Indiana, while Kansas exempts "any person who is a member of a religious society, - by whom any other than the first day of the week is observed as a Sabbath, so that he observes such Sab- bath." Examples of exemptions might be greatly extended for they are very similar in all the States having ex-emption clauses for the benefit of Sabbatarians; but it is unnecessary. They all show very plainly that the object of the law is to secure "conscientious" observ-ance of a day, for only "conscientious" observers are exempt. And in two instances which we have cited, to be able to claim the exemption the individual must be a member of a religious society, by whom other than the first day of the week is observed as a Sabbath. Thus in at least two States Sabbatarians might use the Sun ay law to enforce discipline upon unruly mem- ber. oy the terms of the statute any one who does not keep the seventh day "conscientiously" may be prosecuted for working on Sunday. Again, in either one of these States the Sunday law subjects members of Sabbatarian families to the temp-tation of joining such Sabbatarian church simply to be secure against prosecution for Sunday labor, for to be entitled to the exemption the individual who would claim it must be "a member of a religious society that keeps a day other than Sunday as the Sabbath." Thus, viewed even from the most favorable stand-point, Sunday laws are distinctly religious in char-acter, and are designed to secure religious observance of the day, or of some other day in lieu thereof. B. "What Sanctifies the Links." The Inter Ocean of the 15th inst. has an article under the above heading in which are stated some facts very significant as showing the growing disre-gard for Sunday as a sacred day. "Sunday golf is now played openly on all the links in and round Chicago," says the "Inter Ocean." "What is more, it is played by church members in good and regular standing." The astonishing part of it is that "there is not a word of complaint at Lake Forest, in Evanston, or in Lake View against this condition, al-though three years ago each of these suburbs protested vigorously against 'Sabbath desecration' by the golf players. So complete has been the revolution in re-ligious circles that it is said the golf players of some fashionable North Shore suburbs take their golf outfits to church on Sunday morning, stand them in the lob-bies until services are over, and then proceed directly to the links, where they dine and pass the remainder of the day either as players or spectators of the noble game." This seems remarkable indeed, inasmuch as the ministry of the "Sunday keeping" churches has been laboring so long and so earnestly to impress upon the minds of the people the thought that Sunday is a sacred day. But according to the journal from which we quote, "it seems that the pastors have come to ac-cept Sunday golf either as a necessary evil or an inno-cent recreation, or both. At all events, the absence-of all pulpit criticism is evidence of the fact that they have ceased to contend against it." "There is nothing harmful in Sunday golf, as the-golfers see it; not a thing," continues the "Inter Ocean." And the modifying clause, "as the golfers see it," might well have been omitted, for in Illinois there is. no law either human or divine against doing on Sunday anything that may be lawfully done on other days, un-less the doing of it disturbs the peace. But it is the known absence of divine law especially which emboldens church members to spend a portion_ of Sunday in playing golf. The pulpit and religious-press have both been at considerable pains to impress upon the minds of the people the thought that the fourth commandment of the Decalogue is of no force as applied to the seventh day of the week, the very day which it specifically mentions. And it is not strange-that accepting that view touching the day specified in-the divine law they readily adopt the same view of the 