186 - THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. edgment of Sunday sacredness is some-thing which may be yielded without the sacrifice of a single personal gratification; when they asked for this alone the House gave it to them by an overwhelming ma-jority, just as far as the character of the subject matter before them would permit. THIS party of religious legislation has a commission, but its commission does not cover the entire scope of paternalistic action which it may occur to them to ask Congress to take. On the contrary, the field of their success is limited to the creation of a certain papal similitude, and their success in this will not reduce, but rather increase, sensuousness and sensual-ity. But they waste no sorrow, even now, over the failure of the accompanying measures. That which makes the action, so far as it has gone, seem to them value-less, is that the House did not rise to an utter disregard of even the semblance of legislative propriety, and .affix the con-dition of Sunday closing of the entire Fair, as a prerequisite to the further ap-propriation of any money by the Govern-ment for any purpose whatsoever con-nected with the Fair. Congressmen recognize now, and always will, that they can not make the world virtuous by clothing statuary and turning nude pictures to the wall, or make the people temperate and sober by assuming control over the restaurants of the World's Fair for six months. Why then is it that they will not just as clearly see that the assumption of authority to en-force Sunday rest, by Congress, will not make another Christian, or save a single soul? The questions of legislative propriety and jurisdiction deter them from giving their sanction to the first two measures; why should not the same reasons, existing in still greater degree, coupled with the knowledge that the religious factor in-volved should preclude all legislative ac-tion on the subject, cause them to refuse also their sanction to the last. It did not. Why not ? W. II. If. In Jail for Conscience' Sake. LAST Friday the final judgment of the Circuit Court of Henry County, Tenn., was pronounced in the cases of the four Seventh-day Adventists convicted on the previous Friday of maintaining a public nuisance by Sunday work, done on their farms near Springville, in said county. The sentence of the Court was that each of the defendants should pay a fine of one dollar and the costs of the prosecu-tion, amounting to nearly twenty-five dollars in each case, and that " the defend-ants stand committed until the fine and costs are paid." Only one of the defendants was finan-cially able to pay the fine and costs on the spot, and he declined to do so because it being a matter of conscience the Court had no just right to impose a fine. The others would have taken the same course even though their means had been ample. All four were of course committed to jail where, unless the costs are paid by friends, they will remain at a credit of twenty-five cents per day until the demands of the law are satisfied, which will require nearly three months each. On being arraigned for sentence three of the defendants made each on his own  behalf, a motion for a new trial on the ground that while it had been proved that they had worked on Sunday contrary to the statute, it had not been shown that said work was a nuisance, or that any-body was disturbed by it. Indeed, so far as the disturbance was concerned every witness testified that he was not disturbed, and they were of course the, nearest neigh-bors of the defendants. The Court held, however, that the gist of the offense was in doing work on Sunday publicly, in vio-lation of the civil law, and that it was not necessary to show that anybody was actu-ally disturbed or annoyed by it. To do work publicly within the meaning of the law is to do it when it may be observed whether it is actually seen or not. Thus one who worked on Sunday habitually, even if he were never seen at work on that day, might be indicted and convicted on his own confession. In fact, in the case of the defendant who was not convicted, the Attorney-General asked the witnesses if they had ever heard him say that he worked on Sunday. It so happened that they had not, or could not recall it cer-tainly, and so the State failed to make a case. The effort and the decision of the Court, which was for the most part in the exact words of a decision of the Supreme Court of the State in a like case, show, however, the possibilities bound up in this law, made, not by the Legislature, but by Blackstone and adopted by the Supreme Court of Tennessee and adapted especially to meet the cases of conscien-tious observers of the seventh day, because of the so-called evil influence of their ex-ample ! CHAPTER 2, section 2289, of the Code of Tennessee, provides that,Š if any merchant, artificer, tradesman, farmer, or other person, shall be guilty of doing or exercising any of the common avocations of life, or of caus-ing or permitting the same to be done by his chil-dren or servants, acts of necessity or charity ex-cepted, on Sunday, he shall on due conviction thereof before any justice of the peace of the county, forfeit and pay V.00, one-half to the per-son who will sue for the same, the other half for the use of the county. Section 2290 provides that,Š any person who shall hunt, fish, or play at any game of sports, or be drunk on Sunday, as afore-said, shall be subject to the same proceedings and liable to the same penalties as those who work on the Sabbath. This is all that the law of Tennessee says on the subject of ordinary labor, business, or sport on Sunday, and the fine of three dollars is the only penalty pro- vided by the Legislature for violation of the law. The courts have, however, dis- covered a way of greatly increasing the penalty, namely, by proceeding against the habitual violator of Sunday as a public nuisance. And of necessity in order to give color and apparent consistency to the charge, indictments for Sunday labor charge that it is done "publicly, notori-ously, and continuously," and . that it " was and is to the great annoyance of the people of the county." This partic- ular phraseology is used because the gist of a nuisance is that it annoys. Webster says :Š Nuisance, 1. That which annoys or gives trouble or vexation; that which is offensive or noxious. 2. (Law.) That which incommodes or annoys ; something that produces inconvenience or damage. Nuisances are public when they annoy citizens in general; private, when they affect individuals only. Thus it appears that in law a nuisance must be something which produces incon-venience or damage. To obstruct a high- way unnecessarily, and repeatedly, or to do it a single time and not promptly re-move the obstruction would be a nuisance. For instance, A wishes to move a build-ing from one side of a public road to the other side of the same road. The neces-sary obstruction of said road during the time absolutely necessary to move the building across it would not be in law a nuisance, though it might occasion some inconvenience. But if A were to con-tinue the obstruction by carelessly, negli-gently, or willfully leaving the building standing in the road longer than neces- - sary, he would be guilty of a nuisance. Another phase of nuisance would be the maintenance of something producing an offensive or unwholesome smell. A glue factory would be a nuisance in close prox-imity to human dwellings but not in some place sufficiently remote to prevent the odor from being a real annoyance in the neighborhood. But work quietly done on Sunday in rural districts is not and can not be a nuisance in any proper sense of the word. Any disturbance occasioned by it could be only mental, and must arise from the intolerant feelings of the one annoyed by it rather than from the work itself. In-deed, that this is true is shown by the de-cision of Judge Hammond in the case of R. M. King. The Judge said By a sort of factitious advantage, the observers of Sunday have secured the aid of the civil law, and adhere to that advantage with great tenacity, in spite of the clamor for religious freedom, and the progress that has been made in the absolute separa-tion of Church and State. . . . Sunday observ-ance is so essentially a part of that religion that it is impossible to rid our laws of it. . . . As to the non-observer, he can not be allowed his fullest personal freedom in all respects; largely he is al-lowed to do as he pleases, and generally there is no pursuit of him, in these days as a mere matter of disciplining his conscience; but only when he defi-antly sets up his non observance by ostentatious display of his disrespect for the feelings or preju-dices of others. This shows that religious " feelings or prejudices " of the majority are to be pro-tected by this un-common law against nuisances, for as the writer is informed by the Attorney-General himself, people liv-ing in other parts of the county are quite as much annoyed by the Sunday work of these Adventists as are their immediate neighbors. This shows too plainly to be mistaken the character of the annoyance and the reason for the prosecution, which is in fact only religious persecution. A good many people see these cases in just this light, and the imprisoned Adventists have the sympathy of the best people in the county, especially of their neighbors and of the business men of Paris and Big Sandy, who would trust any of the perse-cuted men to any amount that he might ask, for they know that not one of them would accept credit beyond his ability to pay. C. P. B. Paris, Tenn., June 8, 1892. They Want the Government Fully Committed. IT is interesting and instructive to note the extreme dissatisfaction with the action of the House of Representatives on the amendment, offered in consideration of the sundry civil bill, to condition the re-mainder of the appropriation for the Gov-ernment exhibit at the World's Fair upon the Sunday closing of the entire Fair. The Christian Statesman entitles an ar-ticle upon the subject, " Our First Battle a Bull Run"; and says the vote of 131 to 