224 AMERICAN SENTINEL. American Sentinel. NEW YORK, APRIL 7, 1898. Read the protest of the Society of Friends (Quakers) of Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Delaware, to the President, his cabinet, and Congress, against settling the difficulty with Spain by war. Seep. 218. PRESS reports state that there is little doubt of the passage of the Weeks Sunday baseball bill in the legislature of Albany. The measure is one in the interests of Sunday ball playing, but does not stand for op-position to the principle of Sunday laws. THE honor of being President of the United States is far less than the responsibility of the same. The truth of this statement ought to be plain enough just now, in view of the ridi-cule and abuse which the chief execu-tive receives at a time when he most needs the sympathy and prayers of all the people. THERE is a noticeable absence of that enthusiasm for war on the part of Roman Catholics in this country, which marked their demeanor at the time of the difficulty with Great Bri-tain over Venezuela. With not one tenth of the provocation that is now felt by the American people, the Cath-olic press of the country was ten times as eager for a war which would have been ten times more terrible than a conflict with Spain could possibly be. THE pope has finally interfered to prevent war with Spain. It is stated that he has directed Archbishop Ire-land to bring his influence to bear upon the President and others to se-cure a pacific attitude on the part of the Government towards Spain. But why should the papal influence be brought to bear upon the United States? It takes two parties to make a quarrel, and in this case the other ,  party is a most Catholic and "Chris-tian" governmentŠSpain. While the pope's influence with the American Government is unquestionably great, his influence with the Spanish govern-ment is unquestionably much greater. It is natural to suppose that he would exert his influence where it is most powerful, and hence would be most productive of results, if his aim is simply to prevent 'an outbreak of hostilities. THE motive for the papal policy in this matter can be readily perceived when it is remembered that the Span-ish government and the papal church are in the closest union. The Span-ish government supports the papal church, and the latter is bound in turn to support the government to which it is joined. And it seems now that the pope is making an effort to do so. He wants peace; but more than that he wants disaster averted from Spain; because disaster to Spain means disaster to the church. THE pope wants Cuba to continue under Spanish rule; because Spanish rule means papal rule. A new gov-ernment in the island may not be as useful to the church as the Spanish government was; and a revolution in Spain, which would probably fol-low any serious blow to the present government, might inflict upon the church great damage. These are threatening evils to the church which the resources of papal policy are now employed to avert. THE history of the smaller Ameri-can republics within recent years fur-nishes plain evidence that the pope desires only such peace as is advan-tageous to the church. The clerical party in those republics are always the most active plotters of revolu-tion when the government has be-come one of which the church does not approve. The church is the same in a republic of South or Central America that it is in Italy. The head of the church party in any country, is the pope; and Roman Catholics in  every part of the world are by their own profession amenable to the pope, as the head of the church, in all 'matters having to do with the church and the Catholic religion. In all such matters they are bound by the word of the pope, and when they plot revolution in any country, in the in- terests of the church, it must be with the sanction of the church, which is the sanction of the pope. There is no other logical or reasonable con-clusion. In former times the popes secured compliance with their wishes from the nations by threatening the rulers and their subjects with excommuni-cation. And as this was a proper and laudable proceeding thenŠfrom a Catholic point of viewŠand can be no less proper now thali it was then, there can be no reason why the pope should not employ the same means to-day, except that it is not consid-ered good policy for this age of the world. Mr. Moody is quoted as hav-ing said recently that the pope could, by a word, put a stop to the horrors in Cuba; and this is true. The Cath-olic religion cannot be separated from politics; and the pope can dic, tate the political action of his sub-jects, in any part of the world, in the name of the religion which they pro-fess, and threaten them with excom-munication if they refuse to comply with his instructions. And since he has not interfered to save the lives of the hundreds of thousands of victims of Spanish barbarity in Cuba, it is altogether too late for him to enter a plea before the American govern-ment in the name of peace and hu-manity. THE civil authorities of Plainfield, N. J., have decided that work done on Sunday by observers of the sev-enth day, in order not to be "to the disturbance of others," as the exemp-tion clause provides, must be done so secretly that nobody except those engaged in it will know anything about it. See p. 213. This is about the value that -this exemption for those who observe another day will have, in the heat of a Sunday law crusade. 