AMERICAN SENTINEL. 407 reason that if the example of the multitude constitutes a standard of right, it is all right for them to have Sunday baseball when the multitude want it; and they are doubt-less aware that the vast majority in "this big world" do not believe in or practice the observance of "the Lord's day." When religious journals put arguments in the mouths of the people which justify them in disregarding the Sab-bath, such journals should be the last to condemn them for sabbath desecration. If the word of man is to pre-vail in the matter, then the practice must be governed by the principle of majority rule. But if the Word of God is to decide it, let there be an appeal to that Word and not to the customs of the majority. The Advocate well knows that the Word of God commands, "The seventh day [not the first] is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God; it it thou shalt not do any work." 19- THE following following words from a writer in the Truth Seeker, of June 26, present religious legislation in the character of a promoter of atheism:Š "But what are we to think of a religion that purports to be of divine origin and claims divine indorsement and support in its perpetuity, and yet is obliged to appeal to the civil law for support and maintenance? For the Christian religion to appeal to the power of the civil law for support and protection is a tacit admission that God is impotent and incapable of perpetuating his religion on earth. It is also an admission that the devil is more powerful, and a hundred times more popular than God, for he never found it necessary, under any circumstances, to appeal to the law, or any other compulsory or restric-tive measures to keep his soldiers in line and facilitate their advancement and strengthen their adhesion to his cause." They Would Rule or Ruin. AN Omaha correspondent writes us the following con-cerning the plans of the Omaha Ministerial Association for securing Sunday closing of the "Trans-Mississippi and International Exposition," now in progress in that city :Š "I attended the Omaha Ministerial Association to day [June 21]. The topic of discussion was the closing of the gates of the Trans-Mississippi Exposition on Sun-day; or rather, the time was mostly taken up on this theme. The chairman said, We must be actively at work, or it wont be done; we must have a whole loaf if we can get it, but if not, we will demand a half loafŠthe gates must be closed till after service hour Sunday morning. The president is the pastor of the Good Shepherd church here (Episcopalian). The Christian minister said, We must demand that the gates be closed all day Sunday or we will make the Exposition a failure. Others said, The disgrace of having the gates open on Sunday must not be, etc. The excitement ran almost to a white heat, and the gathering seemed more like a political caucus than a meeting of Christian men. "A committee was appointed' to visit the directors and ascertain what their mind is in the matter. Then when the ministers meet again, if the directors will not assure them that the gates will be closed, the committee are to present plans whereby the directors will be com-pelled to close up, or the preachers will see to it that the thing is a complete failure." Persecution in Florida. THE following letter comes to us from a member of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination in Florida:Š "Bartow, Fla., June 17, 1897. "To THE AMERICAN SENTINEL : One Of our brethren, Thos. Furman, was fined to-day $5 and costs or 10 days' labor on the public streets, for ' disturbing the peace' last Sunday. The facts in the case are as follows:Š "Last week I engaged Brother Furman to do some work for me, commencing Monday morning; and he found it necessary first to get up some wood for his wife. I sent my boy with a team to deliver the wood Sunday afternoon. "The road runs within a few feet of the church build-ing. There were two loads hauled. There were four wit-nesses at the trial, who all swore they were disturbed and that it was the first load that disturbed them. At the time of the disturbance the four witnesses were all en-gaged inside the house making a table to use in taking the sacrament. "There was one wagon before and two behind the load of wood. Brother Furman asked one of the wit-nesses if any of the other wagons disturbed him. The mayor, who presided, told the witness he need not answer that question. Brother Furman himself was not in the wagon nor on that road, but took a near path some two hundred feet on the other side of the church. "The complaint to the mayor was (as he told me af-terwards) that this work was done on Sunday, but he said he advised them to bring in the complaint as above stated. The mayor was a swift witness in the case, no doubt having in view his fees; and after pronouncing the sentence, he told the prisoner, by way of advice, that he must in the future be more quiet on 'our Sunday.' "The town ordinance says no work shall be done on Sunday except in case of necessity or charity. When the mayor was informed by the prisoner that this was a case of necessity, he said, ' Why did you not stop when you hauled one load ? ' I might mention here that only a few weeks ago the mayor's grown-up son painted a large water tank on Sunday in full view of the main street,Šwhich of course was a work of necessity. He did not stop at painting one side only, but it was necessary to finish up the job. The major's name is H. P. Logan, and he is a lawyer by profession. "It certainly seems to me that no man without God's sustaining grace could work ten days under a tropical sun to satisfy the charge of disturbing a religious meet-ing when there was no meeting going on at the time. Brother Furman is about 26 years old, and has a wife and three small children who are wholly dependent on him for support; and his only dependence is upon the work he can find to do by the day. "Yours for truth, "S. T. PAGE," 