\—\4y1 I 1  "IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT." Jesus Christ. VOLUME 11. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 21, 1899. NUMBER 37. Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional. lige' Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay forit. (Entered at the New York Postofflee.) "WHOSOEVER will," says Christianity; "everybody must," says the Sunday law. at at "COME unto Me," says Jesus Christ, "and I will give you rest." "Take my rest," says the Sunday law, "or I will lock you up." ot "WE beseech you," says the embassador for Christ, "be ye reconciled to God." "We command you," says the religious law-maker, "be ye outwardly religious, whether you are reconciled to God or not." A A Gon's way of n ttional reform is to write his law in the people's hearts. Man's way of national reform is to write God's name in the Constitution. Which is the better way? A A OF the kingdom of God it is authoritatively stated, "The kingdom of God is within you." It is not visible in the world, but is in the heart of the Christian believer. But of no earthly kingdom or government can it be said that it is within the heart. The sphere of the kingdom of God is distinct from that of earthly kingdoms, and the laws of the one cannot be of service in the realm of the other. A A "WHATSOEVER is not of faith, is sin." This is script-ure, and it may be assumed that every person claiming  to be a Christian believes it. All such will admit, there-fore, that it is better that a person should not perform a religious act at all, than to perform one without faith. "Without faith it is impossible to please Him" to whom every religious act is performed. Without faith any re-ligious act is but a piece of sham and hypocrisy, mockŁ ing Him by whom faith has been ordained. And yet, plain as is this truth, vast multitudes of religions people in this land to-day are working diligently for the enact-ment and enforcement of laws to compel people to per-form a religious act,Što observe Sunday; causing them to perform the act without faith; compelling them to commit sin! And these people call themselves Chris-tians, too. Religious Liberty in the United States and Canada. IN both these countries religious liberty is now on trial in the courts of law. In the State of Georgia the question of allowing free-dom in Sabbath observance will in a few days be passed upon by the Supreme Court. The case is that of a young man named Waters, a resident of Rome, who several months ago was tried and convicted in the Circuit Court for doing secular work on Sunday, he being an observer of the seventh-day Sabbath. If the Supreme Court of Georgia sustains the verdict of the lower court, Mr. Waters will have to serve six months in the chain-gang, where, according to information sent us, there is no pro-vision for his Sabbath rest and a determination not to allow it. He must then work on the day he believes to be holy, or be disciplined as a refractory criminal. Should his case be appealed from the Supreme Court of Georgia to that of the United States, and an adverse decision rendered by that body, the cause of religious freedom throughout the nation will have received a tre-mendous blow. In Canada a similar situation exists, minus the 