260 THE SENTINEL. the men, I will ask, from whom national danger may be most reasonably expected ? Is it from the God-fearing, law-abiding, morally-instructed Section of the community ? Is .it not rather from the socialists, the anarchists and bomb-throwers of the country, and are not such .persons uni-formly recruited from the ranks of the infidels and agnostics of this land ? [Most decidedly they are not. They are al-most without exception from the nations of Eu-rope, in everyone of which there is a State relig-ion; and in which religion is an essential part of the public education.] The history of these worthies, especially in the city of Chicago, informs us of what they are capa-ble of attempting, and what might be expected if their principles were generally accepted. On purely utilitarian prineiples, then, I hold that it is a duty that the people of this country owe to themselves to see that the present system of coin-. mon school education prevailing in these United States be reformed, for if there be anything of value to be attached to the opinions of the emi. nent statesmen from whom I have quoted, it is certain that this system contains the germs of pub-lic disorder and of national calamity. The full extent of the evil may not now be easily forecast, but if the system be continued the day will comeŠit is bound to comeŠwhen, as unbelieving, social-istic principles will take the place of Christian ethics, a storm of popular fury will sweep this land from the Atlantic .to the Pacific, leaving nothing but ruin and desolation in its track. I now turn to another aspect of this educa-tional question. Up to this I have endeavored to point out to you its short-comings, its unsuit-ableness as a system of education in a Christian land, and its dangers in regard to society. I will now advance a step farther and will ask you to consider with me its unfairness to the Catholics of this Republic. Unfortunately for us Catholics we are not properly understood in this matter. For one reason or another the general public ac-credit us with a most intense and insensate hatred of the system in all its parts and forms. It is thought that we see nothing but evil in every-thing connected with it. Now this is not exactly our position. It is true that we declaim against the system and mainly on account of its want of moral principles, but we are willing to acknowl-edge that there are things in the public school system of education, such as reading, writing,, and arithmetic, that are admirable and which if we were in a position to-morrow we would not alter, but can the same be said of everything else? No indeed. Take for instance the department of history. Is this taught in a way that Catholics can approve of, ors that leaves them without a reasonable ground of complaint. Is there noth-ing deficient in this branch of instruction? I wish indeed I were able to answer in the negative and to say no. But unhappily I am not, for as now taught the most important points of Chris-tian history are.kept carefully out of sight; they are wholly ignored, not being so much as alluded to, and so the system in this respect remains la-mentably deficient, sadly imperfect and conse-quently entirely below the standard that we have a right to expect. The youth of our times and of our faith are accordingly kept in the profound-est ignorance of what they ought to know. Thus it is a historic fact that all the civilization of the world is Christian and has been created by the Catholic Church. [If this be so, why-in not Mexico equal to the United States ?] Who were the men who went forth as the apes-ties of religious and _ intellectual enlightenment while the nations of Europe were still in a con-dition of barbarism? Who lifted woman from her lowly condition as man's reputed inferior, and placed her on a level with her lord and master ?  Who espoused the cause of the degraded slave and succedeed to .a greatextent in striking the fet-ters from his weary limbs? Who; I ask, but the Church Catholic and her heroic children? And are these things and others Of a similar nature taught to the youth of our time in the public schools of this land? Nothing of the kind, they are kept studiously from the minds of the pupils. Again, whence has civil liberty been obtained, in what does it consist, and what are its advantages? Civil liberty, as you are aware, is one of the greatest blessings a man can= enjoy. It may be defined, the protection by law of the life and property of the citizen. It consists in the pro-visions, no representation, no taxation, no trial, no condemnation, no crime, no punishment. These are the bases the liberties of the people of this land and of all enlightened coun-tries to-day in the world, and whence, I ask, have they been derived ? Is it from a pagan or non-Catholic source? Nothing of the kind. They have come down to us front the old Catholic times; they are as ancient as the days of Alfred the Great; and when, for a time, they were for-feited to the people by the exactions of an arbi-trary monarch, was it not by a- Catholic people led by an illustrious Catholic archbishop that they were restored to their place 'In the govern-ment of the Nation, on the ever memorable and historic plains of Runnymede. [Yes, it was. Mr. Gleeson refers here to Archbishop Laughton and Magna Charta. And that " Catholic people " and " illustrious archbishop" were condemned for it all by Pope Innocent III., as conspirators against their lord, for "audacious wickedness committed in con-tempt of the apostolic See." Not only was the Catholic archbishop and the people thus con-demned, but the . great charter itself was con-demned in these words : " We therefore, with the advice of our brethren, altogether reprove and condemn this charter, prohibiting the king, under pain of anathema, from observing it, the barons from exacting its observation; we declare the said charter, with all its obligations and guarantees, absolutely null arid void." The appointment of the archbishop was annulled, and another substi-tuted for him. Yes, Mr. Gleeson's statement is true, and with truth it has been observed that among the miracles of that age the greatest mira-cle of all was that a Catholic archbishop should be more of a patriot than he was a priest. Un-doubtedly the only righteous miracle that ever appeared in the history of the Catholic Church, and, consistently enough, the Pope condemned it.] Whence, too, I may ask, have the principles of the common law of this and other civilized na-tions been derived? Most assuredly from the Canol. or the ecclesiastical law of our ancient church; for our common law, which is the basis of our entire system of jurisprudence, is nothing but the development or the. application of the Canon law to civil cases. [That is also true, and the doctrine is worthy of its origin. We shall pay our respects to the common law doctrine at-another time. We have not space here.] And now I ask once more, are such things as these ever taught our Catholic youth in the pub-lic schools of this land? Indeed they are not. They are not even hinted at, and so our young people are kept in the profoundest ignorance of what they ought to have a right to know. May I not fairly ask, then is that a justŠan equitable Šsystem that will keep our people in shameful ignorance of what they ought to know. And ,as it is in these instances which- I have now mentioned, so it is in every other where the honor and the glory of the Catholic Church is concerned. In other words everything that can in any way tell for the credit of our holy relig-ion is either kept out of view, or if mentioned at all, is set forth in so meager, and half-hearted a way as to convey only a mere moiety of the truth. Hence it is not surprising that there are constantly leaving the schools of this country Catholic youths who are in the profoundest ignorance of many of the grandest truths of Christian history, as if these had never been written. They leave these schools without the remotest idea, without the slightest suspicion of what the Catholic Church has done for the interest of science and the diffus-sion of general knowledge. Nay, it is even more likely that they go forth with the impression that the Catholic Church has been an impediment, a stumbling-block in the way of learning. And, so, if you ask them who have been the greatest patrons of learning in the world, who have done most to bring knowledge within the reach of the masses, the last names that will occur to their minds will be those of the Popes of Rome. If you ask them who have been the founders of the great Universities of the worldŠwho pushed forward the landmarks of discovery in the various departments of knowledgeŠto whom are we indebted for the inductive or experimental method of study by which such magnificent re-sults have been obtained in the natural and phys-ical sciencesŠif you ask them who were the men who gave the greatest impetus to astronomi-cal study while that department of learning was still in its infancyŠwho led the way in mathe-matical discovery, in all probability the youths of whom I speak will reply by saying that they are matters to which their attention was never di-rected. And then if you tell them that the greatest names on the roll of scienceŠthe Des-cartes, the Bacons, the Albertus Magnuses, the Gerberts, the Brahes, the Copernicuses, the De Vencis, and a host of others hardly less celebrated, were all, all Catholics; if you tell them that to an Egyptian monk we are indebted for the first correct ideas that were ever had regarding the geography, of the globe, that to a Roman monk is to be attributed the honor of having intro-duced into Europe the first system of chronology, that to the famous abbott Gassendi belongs the glory of being the first to observe the transit of Mercury over the disc of the sun ; that to Piazzi, a Theatine monk is to be accorded the praise of having discovered the'first of the asteroids; that Orioli, a Catholic priest, was the first to determine the orbit of the planet Uranus; that it was a Catholic, Leverrier, who discovered Neptune, the most distant planet in the solar system; if you tell them these and a thousand like things equally creditable to our holy religion, all this will come upon them like a revelation from heaven, and they will acknowledge with shame and chagrin that they have never been properly taught. [Every pupil in the oblic schools of the country is taught all this, except 'that these men were Roman Catholics. But what legitimate part of the teachings could that be? Every pu-pil is taught for instance that Laverrier discov, ered Neptune; but what is it to the pupil whether Leverrier was a Protestant or a Jew or a Roman Catholic or a Mohammedan. That is no essen-tial part of either public or private instruction.] And now may I not fairly ask once more, is this a system that we Catholics can heartily en-dorse, with which we can expect to be contented ? But it is not merely that this system of public school education in this country is defective in leaving out what it ought to teach, and thereby keeping the youth in our times in shameful ig-norance of what they ought to know, but I fur-thermore charge it as being a vehicle of gross un- 