AMERICAN SENTINEL. 703 Studies in French History.-46. "CARDINAL RICHELIEU," began the professor, "was what men call a very great man. In fact, he had much more real ability than the king, and was far more com-petent to rule over the country than was young Louis. Jennie Jacobs, can you tell me whether this man had any influence over the king, and if so, how far that influ-ence extended?" "I think he did; from all I could learn of him I thought he did pretty much as he wanted to with the king and everybody else," replied Julia. "Yes. What were his religious views, Max?" "I don't know; but I rather guess he was a Cath-olic." "Bert Mathews, do you agree with him?" "Why, yes, professor, I guess Max nor anyone else ever saw a Protestant cardinal." Max blushed a little and replied that he hat, not thought of that. "This cardinal was also a great statesman. His ex-ecutive ability was something wonderful. And for about twenty years he governed France as completely as if he wore the crown himself. As he was a devoted Catholic, of course he set vigorously about depriving Huguenots of all political power." "What did they want of political power, anyway, is what I can't see," said Joe Palmeter. "What use has any religious party, as a religious party, for politics, or political influence? Julia March, what do you think about it?" asked the teacher, with a smile. "I don't suppose they should have very much to do with,politicsŠI mean as a means of protecting their own religion, or of tormenting and bothering other people who don't happen to believe as they do." "You have given a fair answer, my girl; but people in all ages of the world find this a very knotty question, though I see nothing troublesome about it.. Christ says the servant should not seek to be above his Lord, so as long as the Lord and Master of Christians said very plainly that his kingdom was not of this world, why, surely, his humble followers ought not lo think of invok-ing the power of the world, in order to set up a kingdom here. "When the mother of King Louis had great influence in France,Šand that was only a short time,Šshe was  very anxious to do all she could to keep Spain good na-tured, because that country was Catholic. So she gave her daughter Elizabeth to a son of the king of Spain, and her royal son, young Louis XIII., was to take the Span-ish princess, Anne. But now it is the policy of Richelieu to do all he can to humble Spain." "I thought he was a devoted Catholic, and of course Spain was Catholic too; so I can't see what he wanted to keep Spain under for," said Will Barnaby, with a puzzled look. "It does seem strange, at first thought, but Richelieu was a patriot as well as a Catholic, and he did not mean that any country should stand in the way of the pros-perity of his own. He said to the pope, because he did not like some of Richelieu's ways, that of course he was a Catholic, but that he was a Frenchman first. So he proposed that the English prince, Charles, who was to have married the Infanta of Spain, should give this up, and marry Louis' sister. This the crafty fellow brought about very easily, for matrimonial bargains were trans-acted then in about the same manner that real estatd is bought and sold,Špurely as a matter of business. And I am sorry to say people have not yet entirely outgrown this custom. "Edna, you may tell us something about the siege of La Rochelle, if you will. "It was a terrible siege which Richelieu contrived against the Huguenots." "Where is the city of La Rochelle?" "On the southwest shore of France." "Was the cardinal successful?" "0 yes, sir," replied Edna, "if you call it success to starve ever and ever so many poor people to death. I Wonder they did not come out and surrender. I would, rather than live on horse flesh as they did, and not have half enough of that." "A great many of the people would have been glad to surrender before they did, but their mayor was a very stubborn man, and he kept them all in the city until there were only 150 from the many thousands left alive and able to leave the city. Edward, you may mention the terms of their final surrender to the Catholics." "I believe they were to have religious freedom, and that they should worship where they pleased and when they chose to do so." "Yes," said Milly Brown, "and they were to march out with their flags flying and drums beating." "What does a religious body want to do with flags and drums?" asked Edward Barnaby. "They ought not to want very much to do with them certainly, but these people did; so the king only just smiled, and agreed to the proposal." "Why didn't the English people keep them?" asked practical Jack. "They could have come right down with their ships and given them food, and I should have thought they would, seeing they belonged to the same church." "They did undertake it, but the wise cardinal had 