AMERICAN SENTINEL. 259 or remain holy by virtue of the position which he occu-pies. No person can be invested with holiness by vote. Why non-Catholics should recognize this title as one properly designating the pope, is a question that is not clear. It is an assumed title, a title which no person or persons on earth have authority to confer on anybody, and which no mortal can take to himself without being guilty of blasphemy. Surely the Protestant world at least ought to be cognizant of these facts. WHILE there is war with Spain, let it be remembered that Spain above all other nations stands for the princi-ple of union between religion and the state. Does Archbishop Ireland Rule the United States? IN the United States Senate the other day Senator Turner of Washington, standing in his place, "charged that the delay [in sending the President's Message] last week was not due to the request of General Lee; but to the fact that Archbishop Ireland had cabled to the Vati-can in the hope that the holy father might be able to bring about a peaceful solution of the difficulty. The President was waiting upon the pope to secure that which American diplomacy had failed to obtain." That a United States senator, speaking upon a ques-tion so grave as to be known by all to involve war be-tween nations, would say such a thing as this at random is not to be believed. The truth of the charge is favored by the fact that though the message was withheld professedly because the publication of it that day "would endanger the lives of American citizens in Cuba," yet when it was made public, unaltered, a week later, there was not in it a single sen-tence that could by any conceivable construction stir up any spirit that would in any way endanger the life of any American citizen. The World has asked the President or anybody to point out in that message any single sentence that would have endangered the lives of Americans in Cuba had it been published the day it was promised, and Congress and the country sat in su-pense waiting for it. Another pointer in favor of Senator Turner's charge is the statement of the Washington correspondent of the Chicago Times-Herald, Apri114, that "Archbishop Ireland was again active to-day in the cause of peace, rushing from one embassy to another and from legation to lega-tion, spending much time at the French minister's house, and an hour with the envoy of Austria-Hungary, in one last effort to preserve peace." It is well known that no effort has been made by either the pope or Archbishop Ireland to secure peace be-tween Spain and the Cubans; and also that there would-be no such effort now were it not for the, strong prospect of Cuba being lost to Spain. Under Spanish rule the church of Rome has governmental support and a practi-cal monopoly in Cuba. The moment Cuba is lost to  Spain, and is free,Šthat moment Rome finds her govern- ' mental power there vanished. This is not peace for the sake of peace, but peace for the sake of power and revenue, that Archbishop Ireland and the pope are so busily working for just now as Cuba is about to be free. And that through the President, Arch-bishop Ireland and the pope should in such a cause, or. any other, be able to play pitch and toss, and peek-a-boo with the Congress and people of the United States, isŁ sufficiently suggestive to cause the American people seri-ously to think. It can be remembered also in this connection that Archbishop Ireland dictated to the St. Louis Convention..  A. T. J. "COME, behold the works of the Lord, what desola-tions he bath wrought in the earth. He maketh wars to cease unto the end of the earth; he breaketh the bow, and cutteth the spear in sunder; he burneth the chariot in the fire. Be still and know that I am God; I will be exalted among the heathen; I will be exalted in the earth." The Church in Civil Government. Im is a notable and very noticeable fact that the church, to-day, in this country, has become an ardent participant in the affairs of civil government. It is no exaggeration to say that the church, as rep-resented by the clergy, is abreastŠif not in advanceŠof even the political parties in point of zeal to discuss and enact resolutions relating to affairs of a purely political character. Au illustration of this was given in the national cam-paign of '96. It is a well-known fact that the most pow-erful and the most radical oratory called forth by that campaign, was heard in the pulpit. And now that the nation is on the brink of war with Spain, the church again assumes the lead in the discus-sions which relate to the proper attitude of the civil gov-ernment. The most radical action that has been pro-posed is that which has been called for by the church. This is true of at least one churchŠthat of the Rev. Thos. Dixon, in New York CityŠwhose congregation on Sunday last, the 17th, passed a resolution calling upon the Gov-ernment to make war upon Spain by the 20th inst. at the very latest! The church speaks in a manner which assumes an actual identity with the civil government. As an illus-tration of this fact, some points in the indictment against Spain, drawn up by the Methodist Conference lately in session in this city, are worthy of note. For exam ple:Š "2. Its insolence in searching our merchantmen on the high seas and repudiation of claims for restitution. "3. Its cowardly insult to our honored President by its representative at our nation's capital. 