68 AMERICAN SENTINEL. forcement, sociological discussion, and educational prog-ress, misses the opportunity which the peculiar privilege of the pulpit gives to the preacher. This is an opportu-nity to add to the sum of life rather than to direct life into any particular channel. "To interpret to men their own restlessness, their half-conscious sense of need; to pierce the armor of their self-conceit and awaken in them a divine discontent where it does not already exist; to set before them in the life of Jesus Christ a type of human excellence and so inspire in them an ambition to be better than they are; to arouse in them a spirit of loyalty to him, obedience to which is the sum of human duty; to recover them from that dull despair whose end is death, by showing them in the free gift of God a power to do all and be all that the highest aspiration sets before them; to put into their exhausted lives a new heart of hope and loveŠthis is the function . of the ministry." They Are Very Likely 'to "Fall Out." ENGLAND is anxious to secure an Anglo Saxon alli-ance; in the interests, professedly, of peace. England is anxious that the United States should firmly establish its power in the Philippines, in order that English interests in the Orient may be safeguarded by the proximity of a formidable Anglo-Saxon ally. If this situation should come about, however, would it rcontribute to the establishment of peace? This is an important question just now, and its importance is clearly defined in the answer given to it by Carl Shurz, the eminent authority on American political institutions from whom we quoted last week. In his speech before the convocation of. the University of Chicago, Mr. Schurz said on this subject:Š "A singular delusion has taken hold of the minds of otherwise clear headed men. It is that our new friend-ship with England will serve firmly to secure the world's peace. Nobody can hail that friendly feeling between the two nations more warmly than I do, and I fervidly hope it will last. But I am profoundly convinced that if this friendship results in.the two countries setting out to grasp 'for the Anglo-Saxon,' as the phrase is, whatever of the earth may be attainableŠif they hunt in couple, they will surely soon fall out about the game, and the first serious quarrel, or at least one of the first, we shall have will be with Great Britain. And as family feuds are the bitterest, that feud will be apt to become one of the most deplorable in its consequences. "No nation is, or ought to be, unselfish. England in her friendly feeling toward us is not inspired by mere sen-timental benevolence. The anxious wish of many Eng-lishmen that we should take the Philippines is not free from the consideration that, if we do so, we shall for a long time depend on British friendship to maintain our position on that field of rivalry, and that Britain will de-rive ample profit from our dependence on her. "British friendship is a good thing to have, but, per-haps, not so good a thing to need. If we are wise we shall not put ourselves in a situation in which we shall need it. British statesmanship has sometimes shown  great skill in making other nations fight its battles. This is very admirable from its point of view, but it is not so pleasant for the nations so used. I should loath to see this Republic associated with Great Britain in ap-parently joint concerns as a junior partner with a minor-ity interest, or the American navy in the situation of a mere squadron of the British fleet. "This would surely lead to trouble in the settling of accounts. Lord Salisbury was decidedly right when,-at the last lord mayor's banquet, he said that the appear-ance of the United States as a factor in Asiatic affairs was likely to conduce to the interests of Great Britain, but might 'not conduce to the interest of peace.' Whether he had eventual quarrels with this Republic in mind I do not know. But it is certain that the expres-sion of British sentiment I have just quoted shows us a Pandora box of such quarrels. "Ardently desiring the maintenance of the friendship hetweenEngland and this Republic, I cannot but express the profound belief that this friendship will remain most secure if the two nations do not attempt to accomplish the same ends in the same way, but continue to follow the separate courses prescribed by their peculiar condi-tions and their history." Is This Saying Worthy of any Acceptation? BY JOHN D. BRADLEY. "If we can govern ourselves, by that token we can govern others." WITH this sentence, which was evidently regarded as a very wise saying, the attorney-general of the United States recently closed an, argument on the capability and aptitude of Americans for the government of dependen-cies. The occasion was the annual banquet of the New York Chamber of Commerce, and the attorney general "spoke for the administration on the subject of expan-sion." It is said that these banquets of the Chamber of Commerce, like the lord mayor's dinner in London, "afford occasion for public men to speak in an unofficial way upon the great questions of the day and to indicate the policies of parties or of administrations." There have been two important epochs in Ameriean history in which the question of the government of one people by another has- been thoroughly canvassed and discussed, and at the end of each, conclusions were reached on the question and were imbedded in the fundamental law of the Republic. It was the adoption of these con-clusions that made the American Government a Repub-lic. In each instance there was a conflict, a great strug-gle, between the principles of liberty and the principles of despotism. Let us briefly glance at these two epochs that we may see upon which side of the conflict in each instance was found the principle contained in this utter-ance by the attorney-general. The first of these epochs produced the Declaration of Independence, delivered the American colonies from the oppression of Great Britain, and established the Republic itself under a Constitution that meant "a new order of 