310 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. tion. Mr. Saunders' remarks bear just as much against all Sunday legislation as against the special feature of the statute which his bill proposed to amend. B. The Federal Courts on Imperialism. Another important step bearing upon the establish-ment of imperialism as the national policy of the United States, was taken recently in the form of a decision by Judge Lochren of the federal circuit court, applying specifically to Puerto Rico, and in general to all the territory controlled by the government outside the United States. The decision is of importance because it comes from the federal judiciary, which heretofore had not spoken upon the great question of the right and authority of this nation to govern people in other lands without their consent. The federal judiciary is one of the three coordinate branches of the national Government, and its attitude in this matter is of special interest and importance in view of the fact that both the other branchesŠthe law-making and executive bodiesŠhave pronounced and proceeded to act in harmony with the assumption that the nation had such right and authorityŠthat the Constitution of the United States does not apply to territory outside the United States, and hence that Congress and the President are not bound by the Con-stitution in dealing with the people of such territory, but can make and enforce such rules for their govern-ment as they see fit. The decision of Judge Lochren is squarely against this view ; but this decision does not of course speak for the whole federal judiciary; and until the Supreme Court has pronounced upon the question it will remain undetermined whether or not this branch of the fed-eral government will give its sanction to the proceed-ings of Congress and the President in the matter, and so fully commit the nation to the imperial policy. Judge Lochren's decision for the moment casts a stumbling block in the way of the establishment of this policy, and it remains to be seen whether his view will be affirmed by the higher federal courts, or whether any obstacle which this one branch of the government can interpose will be sufficient to stay the forward march of the powerful forces enlisted in its cause, which have already advanced so far toward its realization. As an important link in the chain of circumstances determining the settlement of this great question of national policy, Judge Lochren's decision is worthy of especial note, irrespective of the view one may hold touching imperialism as a national policy. We quote only such parts of the decision as touch directly upon this "subject : "The contention on the part of the United States is  that by the cession the island of Puerto Rico did not become an integral part of the United States, nor sub-ject to the Constitution, but merely an outlying prov-ince or dependency to be ruled by the absolute will of Congress untrammeled by any provision of the Con-stitution; and, second, that the war with Spain was not ended so as to displace the jurisdiction of the mil-itary commission until the exchange of ratifications of the treaty on April 2, 1899, and that then because the Constitution had no force in that island such juris-diction continued until displaced by the provisions of some act of Congress. "This contention on the part of the government, that territory ceded to and brought under the sover-eignty of the United States is no part of the United States, and outside of the Constitution and its guar-antees, is strenuously urged; and an elaborate argu-ment of a law officer of the war department, as well as arguments of several distinguished senators, in support of this contention have been presented and carefully considered. The arguments are ingenious, but, in view of the history of the country and the terms of the Constitution and the very numerous decisions of the supreme court, all to the contrary, I do not find them persuasive. LIBERTY AND TYRANNY. "Our general Government was founded by the men' of the Revolution, who had rebelled against the arbi-trary power asserted by Great Britain, to govern her outlying colonies at the will of her parliament. They established this Government upon the asserted theory that all just powers of government come from the con-sent of the governed. They founded, as described by President Lincoln in language not yet forgotten, 'a government of the people, by the people, for the peo-ple.' It will be, indeed, marvelous if it is made to appear that these men who then founded our national government so constructed it that it is capable of rul-ing with unlimited power a subject people who have neither guaranties to protect them nor any voice in the government. This is foreign absolutismŠthe worst form of tyranny. "If the Constitution does not extend to Puerto Rico and our other new acquisitions of territory, Con-gress has the untrammeled absolute power to establish subject governments, or make laws for s.uch territories ; it has the power to establish dependent monarchies or satrapies, state religions and even slavery. The argu-ment of one of the senators referred to that the last clause of the thirteenth amendment prevents the estab-lishment of slavery is obviously lame and impotent, for if the Constitution does not extend to those parts of the domain of the United States, nor limit Congress in its powers of legislation over them, by what process will this single clause of an amendment of that instru- 