376 AMERICAN SENTINEL News, Notes, and Comment. IT has been said that ideas never die. A poet has beautifully sung:Š " Truth, crushed to earth, shall rise again, The eternal years of God are hers, But error, wounded, writhes in pain, And dies amidst her worshipers." But this is poetry and poetical license. The error of assuming that our judicial system can deal and does deal with men's actions from the standpoint of morality is not only still sustained by our courts, it is repeated by our text-writers, with results which are occasionally so remarkable that they would be amusing, if they were not painful. To a rightly constituted mind, the spectacle of a great thinker striving to "make sense" out of a popular superstition is never edifying. It is all very well to say that the man has no business to defend what he does not, in the secret depths of his own thoughts, believe in. There may be no conscious truckling to the zeitgeist. The brightest intellects are seldom free from a notion, more or less vague, that it is necessary to keep things as they are, in a general way, if we would prevent them from going to pieces altogether. To regard certain prin-ciples as absolutely essential to order and progress; to assume that the state of affairs by which we find our-selves surrounded is the only practicable state of affairs; to doubt our own ability to seriously improve things by altering themŠthese are often attributes of men endowed with great mental strength. I OPEN my "Sharswood's Blackstone," and read a long and elaborate "note," suggested by Mr. Black-stone's division of things into mala in se and mala pro-hibita, and the underlying assumption of this division to the effect that human law is in some way connected with human morality. The profound question here wrestled with is about as follows: Does a thing which is not malum in se become malum when it is made prohibitum? Is it immoral to violate a "game law," in the same sense in which it is immoral to commit murder? Is a man morally bound to obey all the laws of his country just as he is morally bound to obey those laws which punish certain offenses mentioned in the Decalogue? IT goes without saving that Judge Sharswood grap-ples this psychological problem most manfully, and han-dles it with skill and vigor. That the result is nil, is not his fault. One need only read a few lines to see how ut-terly out of place such a discussion is in a law-book, and to appreciate that the text (to which the note is really germane) must itself have roamed beyond the scope of its ostensible purpose, which is the elucidation of human  law. And such is the fact. The attempt to blend mattersŁ  of morality with matters of law is fundamentally illogi-cal, and nothing but absurdity can come out of such an undertaking. a HUMAN law has nothing whatever to do with morals. An act is not moral because this law allows it; it is notŁ~ immoral because this law forbids it. Morality is the law of conscience. If a man sincerely believes that he ought to obey all human laws, simply because they exist (as some good men have maintained), then a breach of any one of such laws is immoral in him, not by reason of its being a violation of human law, but by reason of its being a violation of the law of his conscience. On the-other hand, if a man holds that the mere existence of a human law does not involve any moral obligation on theŁ citizen to obey it, but that it is every one's duty to deter-mine for himself the morality of the conduct which the law prescribes or prohibitsŠthen it is immoral in that, man to obey any human law which seems to him to pro-hibit a moral course, or to prescribe an immoral course.. All the Blackstones and all the Sharswoods that everŁ have been or ever shall be cannot determine such points for anybody except a Blackstone or a Sharswood. They are points that each and every man must settle for him-self. If he settles them one way in his mind and acts in another way, he Sins against the Holy Spirit within, him. a AFTER a man has concluded that a certain law should not be obeyed, then, if he breaks it, he righteously lives up to the law of conscience; yet he sins against society; and the policeman, who is society's high priest, arrests him, and brings him in to answer for his crime. When,  he is duly convicted, he pays the penalty to society, but he does so as a criminal, not as a sinner. a a  Ł AND the good old "Common Law" explicitly recog-nizes its inability to penetrate the conscience, to adjudi-cate upon morality, to distinguish between malum and bonum, in one of its phrases which has been, from time-immemorial, addressed to the prisoner condemned for murder : "The sentence of the court is that, on , be_ tween the hours of , you be taken -- and hanged by the neck until you are dead; and may the Lord have mercy upon your soul." A great deal of wit and sarcasm has been leveled at this old formula. It is argued that there is a palpable inconsistency in expressing the hope that Deity will show mercy to a person in regard to whom we expressly avow our intention to dispense altogether with the exercise of that quality. But such criticism en-tirely misses the point. To my mind, the coupling of that last sentence with what precedes is far from being objectionable; it is sub- 