AMERICAN SENTINEL. 387 "When the Athenian general Themistocles was asked to touch a lute at a feast, he said that he could not play on that instrument, yet he could make a small town into a great city. No matter how large the country, the temptation to make it larger is just as strong. Rome means to us the Roman Empire, and England the British Empire. There are none now living who can personally recall the excitement provoked when Jefferson bought the vast Louisiana territory in 1803; but although it was a direct violation of all his political theories, and perhaps actually unconstitutional, it evidently swept the nation and practically annihilated the opposing party. There are many living who uttered the threat, 'Texas and dis-union;' yet who would now be willing to forego the na-tional possession of Texas? It would certainly be the same with the much distrusted Alaska. It is inevitable that those who have seen, again and again, these succes-sive steps in enlargement of our territory should be tempted to raise the cry of 'manifest destiny.' It is in-evitable as the temptation, when a man has already enlarged his farm by buying an adjoining lot on the northeast, that he should look with increased favor on the offer of another adjoining strip on the southwest, and so on indefinitely. "Yet the farmer who yields much to such temptations is pretty sure to come to grief sooner or later, and it is the severest test of the judgment and self-control of a nation when it knows how to stop. Practically, this na-tion holds Alaska by the grace of England, just As Eng-land holds Canada by the grace of this country; and per-haps this recognized interchange of hostages is a sufficient guarantee. The case is very different when we plan to go far from home and to become occupants of islands which may involve us with all the leading powers of the world. All the entanglements of the older nations be-come partly ours when we once set foot on their very ground. What is worse, all the safeguard of the Monroe doctrine vanishes, for there is no reason why those na-tions should not proceed to parcel out South America as they have Africa, the moment we depart from the tradi-tions of Monroe. All this is to bequeath to our children a wholly different world of policy from that which their parents have dwelt inŠa formidable result to follow from a few hours of target-practice at Manila. There will be involved also the enormous expense and labor of keeping up an army and navy on the scale of European nations. And this, with our vast scale in the payment of pensionsŠan expense far exceeding that of European nationsŠwill affect all taxation, and conse-quently our whole habits of living. Nothing that we can do in any foreign waters will be worth half so much to the world as to perpetuate a successful republic on this continent; and to endanger that is to forfeit our chief mission on this planet. The only republic that ever went over this ground before was the republic of Rome. And when Rome once became imperial in territory, it was but a little while be-fore she became both imperial and imperious in spirit, and then it was but a little while before she became impe-rial in government. Anybody who is really acquainted with the course of Rome, can readily appreciate the wisdom of the following words of Harper's Weekly of June 11, 1898:Š "The sound American belie-vs in the genius of the  republic and in the virtue of its institutions. His gov-ernment was founded for the benefit of the individual citi-zen. Its task is the most beneficient of all the tasks per-formed by government the world over. Its burdens rest so lightly upon its citizens that they hardly realize its.  existence. It makes mistakes; it is sometimes ignorant; it is often awkward; it exasperates us; it is frequently inefficient as it is; it would be always inefficient if the burdens of large military establishments and of, colonial government were imposed upon its executive power. Its virtues lie very largely in this executive weakness. But awkward and mistaken, inefficient and exasperating as it often is, it has worked more lasting good in the world than all the other governments combined. It does not govern colonies. It governs no man against his will, or without his consent expressed as to the smallest detail. Its accomplishments for the human race and its virtues are the consequences of its differences from other govern-ments. Other governments can manage coloniesbecause they possess the machinery for ruling men against their wills, for levying taxes without the consent of those who pay them. In the elements and features of our Govern-ment, which differ from those of Europe, lie its American-ism, and those who wish to maintain the government as it was framed and as it has existed until now are the true Americans, while those who want to go abroad in distant oceans for new territory thus express their distrust in our institutions, and their longing for a return to the flesh-pots of Egypt." A. T. J. A Higher Motive Needed Than Patriotism. BY T. R. WILLIAMSON. PATRIOTISM of the right kind is certainly a noble. quality. Any man with a man's heart in him must love the neighborhood where he was brought up, where his parents lived, and his near and dear relatives, his play-mates, and where he went to school, or to the worship of God on days of worship. These scenes are invested with a sacred charm and a man naturally loves them. And to love the nation is simply a broadening of this love of home, of neighborhood. But no matter how strong this love of country may be, it is not the highest actuat-ing motive in human life. The newspapers are blowing great gusts of fervid pa-triotism over the land, in order, largely, to sell papers, and from the way they go on, and from the way people talk who are set going by the papers, one would naturally suppose that there was no other main spring to life and action that can compare with love of country. But this is a mistake. The highest life motive is that which prompts a man to high, pure living, to noble man-hood, to making the best of himself in every way that he knows in order that he may correctlyrepresent and serve,  the cause of humanity, the interests of the race. Millions are ardent patriots who yet debase their manhood in the very dust by using intoxicating thinks. Patriotism, though a noble passion, yet may be and often is fervently and strongly felt in saloons as the 