Equal and exact justice to all rrieri, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas Jefferson. VOLUME 5. NEW YORK, AUGUST 21, 1890. NUMBER 33. Me, American: Sentinel. ruBr.isnED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 4,3 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - Ł ALONZO ŁT. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. 111c KEE IT is said. that Queen Victoria allows military bands to play on Sunday after-noons on the east terrace of Windsor Castle, and that the Lord's Day Observance Society, scandalized by this act, have ad-dressed a letter to her asking her to sup-press the bands. " RUSSIA, " says the Missionary Herald, "is guilty of the most flagrant denial of the rights of conscience, and of religious liberty. It is said that there are now in the common prison of Witepsk, several men and women of high moral character, whose only offense is that they have spoken in quiet ways of the gospel truths which they have themselves received. After confinement of about six months, their trial was to take place. in June, with the probable result of their being deprived of property rights, and also sentenced to long imprisonment or banishment to Si-beria. No hand, save that of the Almighty, seems able to put a stop to these atroci-ties." How far this is a Christian country depends altogether on how far the princi-ples of Christianity have become the prin-ciples of the people. An intelligent pagan observer, who should be told that this is a Christian country, would not form the most exalted notion of Christianity from what he might see. It is said that the Japanese Government recently sent a dep-utation to investigate the religious estab-lishment of England, with a view to its introduction into Japan as a national  religion. The commission reported ad-versely, chiefly on the ground that Chris-tianity had not saved England from being a drunken nation. To incorporate the Christian religion with the government, and make it the established religion, does not make a Christian nation in the best sense. Christianity cannot be legislated into the world; it must be propagated by the " foolishness of preaching. "ŠChris-tian Advocate. Why Is It Impossible? LAST week we published an account of the appropriation of public money by Congress for the support of church schools, and the statement of Senator Dawes, that it was necessary to continue such appropriations because the present administration had found it impossible to divorce the Government from paro-chial schools. In this article we propose to examine the reasons which are given, why this thing is held to be impossible. After stating the amount of appropria-tions to parochial schools, from the years 1886 to 1890, with an item of $356,967 for Catholic schools, and $204,993 for schools of other denominations, for the year end-ing June 30, 1890, Senator Dawes, who had charge of the bill, said :Š That was the condition of things last year when the present management of the Indian Bureau came into power. That is maintained to-day in precisely the same condition. This is a statement worth examining : 1. It is shown by the Senator that the United States Government is allied with the churches in the United States to such an extent as to be spending more than one-half million dollars each year, for the support .of the schools of these churches. That is, more than one-half million dol-lars is taken each year from all the people, and given outright to certain churches with which to conduct church schools, and to teach the religious dogmas of those churches. 2. It is stated by the Senator that the  question, whether the Government should be connected with parochial schools at all, is a " great question." That is the truth. It is a great question. It is the great question that caused the Dark Ages, and has been the curse of every govern-ment until now. It is this question that our fathers sought to avoid, when they forbade Congress to have anything to do with religion. But, although the whole spirit and intent of the United States Constitution forbids this thing now being done by the Government for certain churches of the United States, yet, both the Government and the churches went deliberately ahead, and are still going ahead, and the people sit still, and let it go on without any protest. This is a forcible and practical illustra-tion of what THE SENTINEL has often said : that constitutional safeguards are such, only so long as the intelligence of the people is kept up to the level of the Constitution. A people may have a per-fect Constitution, and yet, if they neglect it, so that the public intelligence falls below the level of the Constitution, and the real character of the Constitution is forgotten, then the Constitution is of no more value than so much blank paper. This is the condition of things in the United States now. So far as the subject of religion and government is concerned, the United States Constitution is as nearly perfect as a human production can be made. It declares an absolute separation between the Church; or churches, and the State; and prohibits the Government from having anything to do with estab-lishing any religion, or with any religion already established in any way. And yet, the people of the United States have so far forgotten these principles, and the necessity of maintaining them, that Con-gress goes on, year after year, bestowing national aid upon certain churches, and the people say not a word. They still elect men to Congress who are carrying on the same iniquity, and the people suffer this thing to go on, until the churches get such a hold upon the Government that it 