258 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "This distinction," Mr. Crafts says, "is itself an answer to most of the objections to Sabbath laws, which rest chiefly upon the false assumption that they are enforcements of a duty to God, punishments, of a sin against God." The truth is that this "distinction" was discovered under the necessity of finding some answer to the objections to Sabbath laws, which would disguise the fact that such laws enforce a religious ob-servance. The "distinction" has no existence in fact, and therefore no force against the objections at which it is aimed. Sunday-law advocates,say that Sunday is the Chris-tian Sabbath. Sunday is therefore, in their view, a religious day. If Sunday is a religious day, it cannot be a secular day, for "religious" and "secular" are opposite tempts. If the character of Sunday has been flxed,by the Lord, then no act or law of man can change its character. If on the other band Sunday is not a religious Sabbath, then it is not the true Sabbath, and Christians of all people should be the last to desire its establishment in the place of the rightful day. "It is admitted," says Mr. Crafts, "that it is the province of civil law to enforce man's duties to man, and especially to punish crimes against man. It is ex-actly on this ground that Sabbath laws forbid Sunday work and Sunday dissipation, namely, as crimes against man." Assumption has usually to be supported by assumption, and this is an example,Šthe assumption of a "civil" Sabbath supported by the assumption that working on Sunday is a crime against humanity. If it were true that the rights of people were invaded by Sun-day labor, it would of course be proper to forbid such labor by law, and there would be some ground for a "civil" Sabbath. But it is not true that Sunday labor interferes with any person's rights. It is not true that such labor constitutes a "crime against man." No labor that is not compulsory can invade personal rights. The Constitution of the United States forbids in-voluntary servitude, save as a punishment for crime; and any person other than a criminal held in involun-tary servitude in this country can appeal to the Consti-tution for, relief. Involuntary servitude is recognized as an invasion of personal rights; but the person who works voluntarily cannot claim that his rights are infringed. He has the right to work, and the right to stop work, and that is as much as any man can have or desire in this respect. As therefore Sunday labor in the United States is not involuntary, but is performed only by those having the full privilege of stopping work whenever they may choose, no rights are invaded by it; and no rights being invaded, no action is called for from the civil power which is established to preserve rights. Hence there is no ground for a civil decree commanding Sunday rest, and therefore no ground for the establishment ,of a "civil Sabbath." America's Sphere in China. IN Harper's Weekly of April 14, Mr. W. N. Brewster, a missionary in China, writes of the failure of ' Japan to establish a government in the island of Formosa. After five years of effort, he says, Japan has been able to es-tablish her supremacy over only a third" of the island,. and has been obliged to make humiliating concessions to the powerful robber chiefs who rule the remaining two-thirds of the island, and the latter maintain astate of practical independenCe. This fact, he continues, is of importance in view of another fact, which is that Japan covets the province of Fuhkien, in China, and is making steady efforts to extend her authority over it. This province has a population of 20,000,000 people. His conclusion is that Japan, having failed to con-gutr and govern Formosa, with its 2,000,000 people,la utterly incompetent to govern the Chinese province of Fuhkien, and the province must come under the au-thority of some other power. The location of the province, it is to be noted, is close to the Philippine islands. Finally he says:Š "In view of the above facts, it would seem tobe the height of folly for Japan to attempt to handle a whole province with ten times the population on the main-land. Disastrous failure would be certain. All this points to the possible possession of this great province by America in the not distant future. In case China breaks up, as now seems most probable, America can-not escape a share of the responsibility for the govern-ment of ber next-door neighbor. Japan's failure in Formosa will naturally throw this province, which Japan seems to want but can never govern, to America as the nearest great power that has not already marked out its 'sphere' of, influence.' It is not safe to prophesy with too much confidence in such a matter, but the past two years have realized far stranger and more improb-able events in American history." Some time ago it was settled by American mission-aries in China that the United States could not escape a share in the responsibility of governing the millions in China when the final breakup of the, empire takes place. American statesmen concur in this view, and all questions  have seemed pretty well settled except that of the location of "the slice." And now this question is in a fair way to being settled, if this writer in Harper's Weekly is to be accepted as authority upon the subject of which he speaks. "Reform" Without Conscience. "Sabbath, Recorder." IT is interesting to note that- most of the, appeals for the enforcement of the existing Sunday.  laws are made upon the ground that all men must be compelled to cease from business on Sunday lest the few who de-sire to cease, from religious motives, shall suffer pecu-niary loss. The effort to close barber-shops, for ex- 