168 A.IVIEsatICA.N 1H-1N` I'IINJHAT-4. Vol.. 8. No. 21. NEW YORK, MAY 25, 1893, ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked" Sample Copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. ON another page will be found an article written by a Seventh-day Adventist, in jail in Chestertown, Md., on complaint of a Methodist minister, for husking corn in his own field on Sunday. The article substantiates that which we stated last week, namely, that Adventists can not observe Sunday, by habitually refraining from labor or business upon that day, without violating what they believe to be a divine command. WE had hoped to be able to give our readers a letter this week from our own correspondent at Chicago, but we have been disappointed. We trust that here-after we shall have something each week during the continuance of the Fair. These letters will not be descriptive of the Fair but will discuss from a World's Fair standpoint those questions to which the SENTINEL IS devoted. Probably not one in a thousand realizes the influence that the Fair and the Congresses to be held in connection with it will have in the de-velopment of governmental religion. Al-ready the Sunday -closing agitation has made the right of Congress to legislate upon religious questions the supreme issue of the hour. A CATHOLIC paper complains that " the persecution of the Catholic clergy in Rus-sia still continues with increased ardor on the part of governors and their officials. The new Governor of Wilna, Mr. Orgief-sky, has inaugurated his appointment by sending off three priests into exile for from two to six years." No specific charges were brought against the priests, but they were exiled simply on the general charge that their presence was a menace to the peace of the district. Another priest, it is asserted, has been confined in one of the convent prisons for, inadvertently, not standing up while his brother priests were taking the oath to the Emperor. " It is the old story," re-marks our Catholic contemporary, " of the wolf and the lamb. Every pretext is seized that ingenuity can conceive to harass the Catholic priesthood." All this simply confirms that which we have frequently remarked, namely, that religious intolerance seeks in every coun-try to hide its ugly head behind substan-tially the same subterfuges. Russia pro-fesses to tolerate all sects that avail them-selves of certain provisions, and so does not avowedly persecute Roman Catholics on account of their religion, but upon va- rious charges of a " civil " character. This is the same method adopted by the author-ities of Tennessee and Maryland in deal-ing with Seventh-day Adventists. They are not openly proceeded against for being Adventists, but upon the pretext that they are inimical to the peace and quiet of the community, and that their practice of doing secular work and business on Sun-day is subversive of good morals. Big-otry in America does not differ materi-ally from the same wicked thing in Rus- sia. Ł IT seems probable at this writing that the entire World's Fair will be thrown open to the public on Sunday, owing to the fact that if deprived of the possible Sunday gate receipts the enterprise is cer-tain to be a financial failure. Thus far the average daily attendance has been but little over 17,000, whereas to pay the run-ning expenses alone the average should be 90,000. Ł BUT even with Sunday opening it is by no means certain that the Fair will be any better off. While there is little doubt that a majority of the people of the United States are in favor of Sunday opening, or at least not opposed to it, there is a large and aggressive minority who are so bitterly opposed to what they term a " desecration of the Christian Sab-bath," that they will do all in their power to ruin the Fair in the event of its being opened on Sunday. The question of Sun-day opening will probably be definitely settled before this note comes under the eye of the reader. Ł BUT whether or not the Fair opens on Sunday the Government stands com-mitted on the Sunday question; it has de-cided that Sunday is the Sabbath and that when the fourth commandment of the Decalogue says the seventh day it means the first day. In accordance with the action of Congress, the World's Fair Post-Office will be closed on Sunday even if the Fair itself is open. On the 16th inst, Attorney-General Olney rendered a de-cision that the law of Congress requiring the Fair to be closed on Sunday, prohibits the opening of the post-office within the grounds upon that day. REV. J. H. KNOWLES, General Secre-tary of the American Sabbath Union, was interviewed recently relative to the atti-tude of the union toward the Fair in event of its being open, or partially so, on Sunday. Mr. Knowles. said :Š Our union proposes to do all in its power to bring about the result it has been working for nearly three years. In case the directors do not accede to our request there will be thousands of people who will stay away from Chicago on purely religious  grounds. Just what action our union will take in that event I can not say. There will be no boycott, for we do not like the word boycott. It sounds rather cheap. " Do you mean no effort will be made to keep people away from Chicago during the Fair 1" asked the reporter. " Oh, no. Organized Christianity will show the world that there is some religious sentiment in this country. It is probable that ministers all over the country will be asked to advise their congre-gations not to go. No doubt this would have a powerful effect and keep away thousands, and per-haps hundreds of thousands of people from the Fair." That is, it will be a " Christian" boy-cottŠa boycott in effect but not in name. That is about as honest as dubbing Sun-day the Sabbath, when the name belongs as every body knows, to another day. There is a good deal of humbug about the so-called American Sabbath Union; and the name is not the least part of the fraud. It is fitting that it should call its boycott something that it is not. WILBUR F. CRAFTS, and the so-called American Sabbath Union forces gener-ally are almost wild over the action of the local Directory in deciding to open the gates of the Columbian Exposition on Sunday ; they are even demanding -that the President shall order United States troops to Chicago to enforce the Sunday-closing proviso. This shows to how great lengths this gigantic combination for unit-ing Church and State is ready to go in their nefarious work. A LATE dispatch from Rome says: " It is understood that Mgr. Satolli has repre-sented the hierarchy and leading Catholic laymen in the United States as anxious to start a movement in favor of establishing an American Legation, at the Vatican. The movement would be so directed as to bring all possible influence to this end to bear upon the Washington Government." THE Seattle, Wash., Missionary So-ciety, can use a large number of copies of the SENTINEL, Signs, Review, Youth's Instructor and Little Friend in the ship work. Persons having unsoiled copies of these papers for which they have no use, will do well to send them, carriage paid, to E. T. Cornell, Seattle, Wash. Battle Creek Sanitarium Health Foods. THE unequalled health foods manufactured by the Sanitarium Health Food Company are neither made nor sold by others than their authorized agents. The Rural Health Retreat, St. Helena, Cal., is authorized to manufacture our granola and most of our other health foods for the Pacific Coast. The Union College is authorized to manu-facture granola in Lincoln, Neb., and to supply members of the Seventh-day Adventist Conference living in that State. Our granola and other special health foods are not manufactured by any other parties. SANITARIUM HEALTH FOOD CO. BATTLE CREEK, MICH. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per year, - - 90c " 25 to 99 " " " " - - - 80c 100 to 249 " " " " If ŁŁ .. Mc 250 to 499 " " " " " - - - Mc 500 to 999 " " " " if - .' 65c 1000 or more " " "" - 60c To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - -5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York City. 61 if if 