2`) THE AMERICAN: sErvrINEL. Ł clear that the enactment of Sunday laws, and the execution .of penalties for the Niiolation thereof, is simply persecution for conscience' sake. We are not now concerned as to whether Sunday is or is not the Christian Sabbath; in either case the argument is the same. Neither if we take it for granted that Sunday is the rest-day enjoined by divine command, is there, as some claim, any analogy between the pun-ishment by civil authority, of a man who quietly labors on that day, and the pithish-ment of the polygamist, even allowing that the polygamist is conscientious in his practice; for polygamy is the violation of the seventh com-mandment, which is contained in the second table of the decalogue, defining the relations of men with one another, and is thus a proper subject for civil legislation. But the keeping of the Sabbath is enjoined by the fourth coin-mandment, which is a part of the first table of the decalogue, defining man's duty to God, and is not a proper matter for civil legislation. The polygamistand the adulterer, for a polyg-amist is an adulterer, sins not alone against God, but against society in general, and some person or persons in particular. Like the thief, he takes,  that which belongs to some one else, and to which he has no right. But the man who pursues his own lawful occupation on the first day of the week, interferes with no one's rights or privileges. He deprives no consci-entious observer of that day, of his Sabbath, even if he observes no day whatever; so long as he does not disturb the rest and worship of anyone else, he is answerable alone to God. Again, Sunday legislation virtually places a premium upon crime. This may seem a bold and unwarranted statement, but we can easily show its truthfulness. I have before me the bill which it is purposed to have passed by the present California Legislature. It provides that every person that shall sell goods, keep open any store or other place of business, or shall sell or give away to be drunk any spirituous, vinous, malt, or other intoxicating liquors, on the first day of the week, or who shall engage in any riot, fight-ing, horse-racing, gambling, or other public sport, exercises, or shows, or any person who shall keep open any place where such sports, exercises, or shows, are carried on, shall be deemed guilty of misdemeanor. It will be seen that gambling, rioting, fighting, and the selling of intoxicating liquor, are placed on a level with the keeping open of stores to' sell goods. The sale of goods at proper times is not only legitimate, but it is absolutely neces-sary. It is wrong only when engaged in upon the day divinely' set apart for rest. Now to pass a law forbidding the sale of in-toxicating liquors upon Sunday, saying noth-ing about its sale upon other days, puts that buSiness on a level with legitimate industry, and virtually says that the sale of intoxicat-ing liquors is all right upon any day but Sun-day. As a matter of fact, liquor selling is an un- Łmitigated evil; it does nobody any good, but does untold harm. The only one whom it enriches is the man who sells it. It is a drain upon all classes of citizens. The man who  drinks spends his money without receiving an equivalent; his family is robbed of that which rightfully belongs to them; and the man who abstains entirely is taxed in order that the paupers, insane people, and criminals, that are made by the salenf intoxicating liquor may be provided for. And now for the State to enact a law enforcing the observance of the "Christian Sabbath," and declaring that the carrying on of the business of liquor selling is a violation of the " Christian Sabbath,' and therefore punishable by a fine, is simply toplace the infamous traffic on a level with the dry-goods or grocery business, and to say that it is all right to engage in it on any day but Sunday. That this is putting a premium upon crime, may be made still more apparent. Suppose the State should enact a law to the effect that anyone who should steal or commit a murder upon the first day of the week, should be deemed guilty of felony and should be pun-ished, everybody would cry out against such a law. They would say that stealing and murder are in themselves criminal, and that the perpetration of those crimes on the first day of the week does not add to the criminal-ity of the act. They would justly claim that such legislation virtually made murder and theft legitimate acts if committed on any other day than Sunday, thus putting a premium upon crime. The case is the same with Sunday laws wherever they exist or are proposed. By specifying gambling, the sell-ing of intoxicating liquor, etc., they virtually place such occupations in the list of legitimate employments when, pursued on any other day. And so we say that Sunday legislation is not only contrary to religious liberty, but it is also against the interests of true morality. Next month we purpose to take up this matter still further and demonstrate these propositions by actual facts. E. J. W. Secretary Gault and the Scripture Again. SECRETARY GAULT said that under "the model of government which Christ gave to Israel " " all their rulers were elected by the people." We asked him for one instance of it, and he refers us to Dent. 1 : 13, and quotes : " Take you wise men, and understanding, and known among your tribes, and I will make them rulers over you.'" But he does not quote enough. In that place Moses 'is re-hearsing what had been done long before. The whole connection is this: " I spake unto you at that time, saying, I am not able to bear you myself alone ; . . . how can I myself alone bear your cumbrance, and your burden, and your strife? Take you wise men, and maglerstanding, and known among your tribes, and I will make them rulers over you. And ye answered me, and said, The thing which thou bast spoken is good for us to do. So I took the chief of your tribes, wise men, and known, and made them heads over you, captains over thousands, and cap-tains over hundreds, and captains over fifties, and captains over tens, and officers among your tribes." Deut. 1 : 9-15. Now at whose direction was this done? Mr. Gault says that it was under " the model of government which Christ gave to Israel." We can easily learn whether it was or not. Moses says, " At that time." At what thaw? Turn to Ex. 18 : 13-26. As Moses sat to judge the people, he was occupied all day from morning till evening in bearing and deciding the cases of the people who came. "And Moses's father-in-law said unto him, The thing that thou doest is not good. Thou wilt surely wear away, both thou, and this people that is with thee; for this thing is too heavy for thee; thou art not able to perform it thyself alone. Hearken now unto my voice, I will give thee counsel, . . . thou shalt provide out of all the people able men, such as fear God, men of truth, hating covetousness; and place such over them, to be rulers of thousands, and rulers of hundreds, rulers of fifties, and rulers of tens; and let them judge the people at all seasons; and it shall be, that every great matter they shall bring unto thee, but every small matter they shall judge; so shall it be easier for thyself, and they shall bear the bur-den.  with thee. . . . So Moses hearkened to the voice of his father-in-law, and did all that he had said." There can be no shadow of doubt therefore that the rulers referred to by Moses in the text cited by Mr. Gault, were those who were appointed at the suggestion of Moses's father-in-law, who was Jethro, a Midianite. Does Mr. Gault mean to say that this piece of ad-vice given b y Jethro was the model of govern-ment which Christ gave to Israel? If not, and most assuredly 4t was not, then what is his argument and citation of that scripture good for? It is good for nothing, but to show his utter and inexcusable ignorance of the true bearing of scripture. Of all mon who have ever put themselves into print, the one who makes the most brilliant success of get-ting on the wrong side of every question that he touches, and every time that he touches it, is undoubtedly the "Rev." M. A. Gault, dis-trict secretary of the National Reform Asso- ciation. A. T. J. Will They Unite? A CLERGYMAN, the pastor of a Presbyterian Church, sends us the following appreciative letter:Š "Bmtwierc, PENN., Jan. 27,1887. "AMERICAN SENTINEL, Oakland, Cal.ŠGen-tlemen: This afternoon I found the AMERICAN SENTINEL for December, 1886, and part of a copy of the Signs of the Times. In the former are several articles which I have read with intense interest; among which are, Is It Blindness or Duplicity?' Infidel Views of the Logic of' Christianity,' The American Hier-archy,' and 'The American Papacy.' " In one thing you must be mistaken, viz., that 'whenever the Roman Catholics are will-ing to co-operate in resisting the progress of political atheism, we [Protestants of th Pres= byterian denomination] will gladly join hands with them.' "Oh, but you reply, the Christian Statesman said so in an editorial December 11, 1884. Well, that does not make it true. And what is more to the purpose, the thing cannot possibly ever take place. To entertain the thought for a moment is the very,romance of madness. Certain persons may have expressed them-selves in these very words to that effect. But 