200 AMERICAN SENTINEL. in it more hope for the future than any description of -death. "III. The first objection seems to the American a conclusive reason-for not transferring the education of our youth from the state to the church; the second objection seems to him also a conclusive reason against attempting to commit the education to a partnership between state and church; the third objection is equally conclusive against any scheme which ass &its the children of the community in different schobls according to the religious prepossessions of their parents. Any such assortment runs denominational divisions down to the cradle, and so intensifies the religious prejudices which are too often fostered, sometimes consciously, some-times unconsciously, in the home and in the church. In Canada, where the children of Roman Catholic par-ents are taught in Roman Catholic schools and the children of Protestant parents are taught in Protestant schools, the division between Protestants and Roman Catholics is as deep and the controversy as bitter as it was half a, century ago. In the United States, where Roman Catholic children and Protestant children grow up together in the same school, joining in the same sports as well as in the same studies, religious prejudice is steadily disappearing; . . there is neither a Roman Catholic vote nor an Orange vote, and it is not likely that there ever will be. The religious problem is one of the most serious which confronts our Canadian breth-ren. We have no such problem on this side of the line, nor shall we be likely to have such a problem so long as we maintain for the education of all our children an unsectarian public-school system wholly free from every form of ecclesiastical influence." A Unique Country. "Springfield Republican." THERE are difficulties ahead for the class in geog-raphy if the name of this country means only the forty-five States which send senators and representatives to Congress. The imperialists give that meaning to the term. The full official name of this country is "The United States of America." The articles of Confedera-tion said: "The style of this Confederacy shall be the United States of America." And the Constitution says: "We, the people of the United States . . . do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America." If the name refers only to the States no Ter-ritory outside of them is in the country proper. New Mexico belongs to the United States,but is not of it nor in it. The results from the standpoint of the party in power may be very satisfactory, yet, from the stand-point of the class in geography to be found in every school in the land, they are somewhat confusing. The school children must be taught these facts:Š The District of Columbia is not in the United States. The city of Washington is in the District of Colum-bia. 'Hence the capital of the United States is not in the United States. Extending the higher critieism of -the Constitution, the children must be made to comprehend also these propositions:Š The United States -is the only country in the world whose Congress does not meet in it. The United States is the only country in the world whose President does not live in it. The United States is the only country in the world whose Government is not in it. This may seem paradoxical and, absurd, yet the school children should be taught those things if the im-perialists overthrow the opinion of the Supreme Court by John Marshall, when it said that the term UnitedŁ  States embraces not only States, but, the territory of the United States. Washington, Jefferson, and Lincoln Repudiated. THE following from a press report of recent pro-ceedings in the United States Senate, makes a point that is worthy of note:Š "Senator Pettigrew is revenged. It was Mr. Sewell of New Jersey who denounced him as a traitor in the Senate. The other day Mr. Pettigrew innocently began reading some extracts from addresses which he wished to have printed in the Record. The sentiments sounded treasonable, or anarchical, and the Hawleys and Lodges, began pricking up their ears. Finally Sewell jumped up. This thing had gone far enough. Be objected to such stuff being printed at the expense of the Govern-ment. Pettigrew's eye gleamed; his hour had come, and the Senate was informed that the extracts, every one, were taken from the works of Washington, Jeffer-son and Lincoln." 4 "THE Philadelphia Conference of the Methodist Epis-copal Church," says a Philadelphia dispatch, "to-day [March 21] unanimously adopted a resolution presented by the Rev. Dr. T. B. Neeley commending the national administration for the acquisition of the territory in the Pacific. "The Rev. Dr. Lippincott started to make some objection to the phraseology of the resolution, but there were so many cries for him to resume his seat and for a 'vote' that the paperwas adopted. The resolution provided that the church take advantage of the provi-dential placing of the islands of the Pacific under con-trol of the United States by forming an expansionist army of 500,000 people who will contribute $1 a year for spreading the gospel in the islands. "A resolution was also adopted condemning the national administration for the failure to abolish the army canteen and calling upon the President to exercise his authority to suppress the sale of liquor to the sold-iers under Government sanction." 