Equal and exact justice to all rrlerl, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThonias Jefferson. VOLUME 5. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 13, 1890. NUMBER 45. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., Nnw YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. Mc KEE. THERE is nothing which so fully illus-trates the foolishness, and injustice of a union of Church and State, as this extract from a law enacted by the Puritan Parlia-ment of England : " No person shall be employed but such as the House shall be satisfied of his real godliness." This pre-cluded the employment of any one who was not indorsed by the priests of the State religion.ŠLoyal American. THE Ironclad Age observes that " Arch-bishop Ryan says he doesn't want any more union of Church and State than there is, " and remarks the fact that "Cathol-icism has got a safe hold upon the public treasury and it is content." Sure enough, so long as they have the game without the name, why should they not be satis-fied ? Their property is exempt from taxation, the Government supports their mission schools among the Indians; and in some of the States, notably in this State, they have their arm in the public treasury up to the elbow, with every pros-pect that they will soon be in all over. There is, indeed, little left to be desired. OUR liberal exchanges don't seem to like our " Lesson from Paine." Freethought and the Truth Seeker both protest that Paine did n't know what he was talking about. The Truth .Seeker says : " Paine made his point as a Deist, and made a mistake " We are aware that Paine was a Deist, and that he made many and grievous mistakes, but his estimate of the benign uature of the Christian religion,  and of the origin of Church and State was not one of them. An important difference between Paine and many of his modern disciples, is, that, whereas he conceded to others the same freedom of opinion that he claimed for himself, the average "Free-thinker " of the present day is about as intolerant as a Jesuit. Ł -+  Ł  Religion in the Public Schools. " SHALL religion be taught in the public schools ?" is a question that is receiving more attention, and being more generally discussed in this country than is almost any other subject. The press, the pulpit, and the people generally are more or less occupied with this important query; and while the general sentiment is clearly against what is known as " sectarianism," it is urged by many that the State ought to give "unsectarian instruction in the fundamental truths of Christianity." But even if this proposition were granted the problem would be very far from a satis-factory solution; these questions would still remain as troublers. What is unsectarian instruction ? and what are the funda-mental principles of Christianity ? It has been urged by some, and the idea has been accepted by many with little or no thought, that the moral law as con-tained in the ten commandments, and the principles of morality as laid down in the Sermon on the Mount, embody all that is really essential, and should be taught in the public schools. This, we are assured by those who advocate it, would be strictly unsectarian. But let us see if indeed the ten commandments and the Sermon on the Mount could be taught without giving sectarian instruction. To be unsectarian, even in the restricted sense of being common to all Christians, any portion of the Scriptures would have to convey to all, claiming to be Christians the same meaning, that is, all Christians must understand such portions of Scripture alike. The question naturally arises, Is this true of the ten commandments and the Sermon on the Mount ? Take for example  the fourth commandment : " Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy." As be-tween Protestants and Catholics even this rendering of this commandment is secta-rian, and the numbering of it is sectarian. In the Douay Bible it reads, " Remember thou keep holy the Sabbath day ; " and in Catholic catechisms it is not the fourth commandment but the third. But that is not the only, nor indeed the most serious difficulty. All do not under-stand the fourth commandment alike. Some take it just as it reads : " The sev-enth day is the Sabbath; " others that it now enjoins the keeping of the first day of the week, while others think that it is now of no binding force whatever. Now suppose that it is read in a school in which "non-sectarian religious instruction" is to be given. A pupil reads : " Remember the.  Sabbath day, to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work : but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God : in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor-thy stranger that is within thy gates : for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them i, and rested the seventh day : wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day, and hallowed it." Ex. 20: 8-11. He then asks: What is the Sabbath day? or, What is really required by this command-ment ? or, Is this commandment now binding upon us just as it was upon those to whom it was given at Sinai ? Must the teacher answer, " I am not permitted to tell you ?" Well has another remarked, " If anything in the world is calculated to bring both the teacher and the Bible into ridicule, we think that such teaching as this would surely accomplish that result." Turning to the Sermon on the Mount, we are confronted by difficulties no less serious. Even professed Christians differ widely as to whether this sermon is a divine or only a human utterance. The difficulty is thus stated by a Roman Cath-olic writer of some prominence :Š The Unitarians, not believing in the divinity of 