420 THE SENTINEL. OF LIBERTY. Christian. He, would give the widest possible currency to :the idea that the Constitution prohibits only the setting up of a national church, such for instance as the Church,  of England, but leaves Congress perfectly free to enact any legislation desired in the interests of the Christian religion, the very thing which Mr. Madi-son, tha,n whom no man had more to do in making the Constitution, designed should be forbidden by that instrument. B. :Religious Exemptions Then and Now. The ,exemptions usually provided in the Sunday ilaws of to-day for those persons "who conscientiously believe in and regularly observe Saturday as the Sab-bath," have their counterpart in exemptions that were provided for conscientious dissenters from the relig-ion of the state church in the early days of New Eng-land. For example, we may cite the following law* passed in New Hampshire in 1714: "Be ,it enacted by His Excellency, the Governor, council and'Representatives convened in General As-sembly, and by authority of, the same, that it shall be lawful for the freeholders of every respective town within this Province convened in public town meet-ing, as often as they shall see occasion to make choice of, and by themselves or any other person or persons by themselves appointed, to agree with a Minister or Ministers for the supply of such town, and what an-nual salary shall be allowed to him or them ; and the Minister or Ministers so made choice of and agreed with shall be accounted the settled Minister or Minis-ters of such town; and the Selectmen for the time be-ing shall make rates assessments upon the inhabitants of the town for the payment of the Ministers' salary, as aforesaid,, in such manner and form as they do for defraying of other town charges, which rates by war-rant from a Justice of the Peace, with the selectmen, or major part of them, directed to the constable or con-stables of the town, shall be by him or them collected and paid according to the direction of the Selectmen, for the end aforesaid : "Provided always, that this Act do not at all inter-fere with Her Majesty's grace and favor in allowing her subjects liberty of conscience; nor shall any per-son under pretense of being of a different persuasion* be excused from paying towards the support of the settled minister or ministers of such towns aforesaid, but only such as are conscientiously so, and constant-ly attended the public worship of God on the Lord's Day according to their own persuasion ; and they only shall be excused from paying towards the support of the ministery of the town." In other parts of New England the following law was in force in 1784: "(t) No person soberly and conscientiously dis-senting shall incur any penalty for not attending the worship and ministry established by law. (2) All persons' who belong to the denominations *"Church and State in New England" (Johns Hop', ins University Studies), pp. 43,44. known as Episcopal, Congregational (Separatists), Baptist, or Quaker, and those who usually worship with societies of any of these sects, shall be exempted from supporting the state church. "(3) Societies of dissenting sects may have the same privilege of supporting their ministers, repairing their meeting, houses, etc., as those of the church established by law. "(4) All who do not atttend and help to support a society of one of the dissenting sects shall be taxed for the support of the ministry of the society wherein they dwell." Of the New Hampshire law, as regards its exemp-tion clause, the historian tells us that "It looked very fair," but`a different aspect was given it when it came to be construed. "Everybody was taxed, and when-ever a dissenter claimed exemption he was "asked to furnish proof that, he was a dissenter. At every point his evidence was contested by the state. One of the dissenters, to prove that he was a Baptist, was required to prove that he had been immersed. * * * It was assumed that all were to be taxed; each individual had to fight for his exemption."* Thus it is evident that .the exemption clause, con-tained in our religious statutes for the benefit of those who "conscientiously" dissent from the prevailing re-ligion, is no evidence of any greater regard for relig-ious freedom than was felt in New England early in the eighteenth century. It is only such a degree of religious freedom as is consistent with the church-and-state legislation of those colonial days, when people were compelled to pay taxes to support the state re-ligion. It is interesting to note in this connection that such legislation at that time was supposed to be per-fectly consistent with the full "liberty of conscience" allowed by "Her Majesty's grace and favor" to her American subjects. Americans have grown wiser on this point since that time, and there is still room for improvement. Exemption clauses are not to-day a recognition of the right of religious freedom any more than they were back in the days of state religions, and they do not save the character of the religious laws to which they are joined. Such laws are religious legislation, and have no proper place in the American system of government. As notced last week in the case of the Adventist barber prosecuted for Sunday work in New- ark, Ohio, there is the same tendency to ignore the exemption clause to-day that was manifested in the cases to which the exemption applied in colonial times. That is characteristic of human nature, which is the same now that it was then. Real religious liberty exempts everybody from compulsion in religious mat-ters. That is the kind of exemption called for by American principles of government. s. "church ,un4 State in New, tiOnd," pp :49, 90. 