AMERICAN SENTINEL. 585 THE attention of all eyes in the politidal circles of the nation is being drawn to the contest now being waged over the possession of the mayorship of "Greater New York." It is a contest which throws some light upon the question of the adaptability of politics for the promotion of the cause of righteousness in the earth. * THE striking feature of the contest, thus far, is the struggle between "machine" politics and independent, politics for supremacy in the Republican party. On the one side is the independent nominee, the Hon. Seth Low, well known as President of Columbia College; and on the other side is "boss Platt" with the State "machine," de termined to nominate, and, if possible, elect a candidate who will represent the Republican "organization." And the "boss," it is said, has applied for and secured the influence and authority of the national administration to aid him in the work of subordinating all other inter-ests to that of the success of the "party." * INDEPENDENT politics is the theory upon which polit ical procedure in this country was started out. But it is little more than a theory to-day. "Machine" politics, the politics of the "boss" and the dictator, is the almost universal reality. A person who will not be true to the "organization"Šnational, State, or local, as the case may beŠsoon meets the denunciation and opposition that is always accorded to a "traitor." And as in the present instance, his greatest contest is not with the opposite party, but with his own party "organiza-tion." * IT is the dream of those who are looking for moral reform through politics, that some plan of action can and will be devised which, "wisely and vigorously carried on," "will gradually but surely substitute leaders for `bosses,' statesmen for politicians, and patriots for plun-derers." This quotation is from a speech made at .the late San Francisco convention of Christian Endeavor. Another speaker said : "We will stand for political intel-ligence, integrity, independence and industry; and we are rapidly reaching the conclusion that Democracy should .stand for decency, Republicanism for respectability, and Populism for purity; or else we must obey the divine in-junction by coming out from among them. In plain English, after we have done our best, if we cannot clean our parties out,.then we should resolutely undertake to clean them up." THAT is the trouble with politics to-day; they are sadly in need of "cleaning up." As one speaker at the late Epworth League convention in Toronto portrayed it,Š"Why is it that in the northern half of the continent politics is looked upon as unclean and contaminating? The heart of the body politic is shut out from heeding the words of Christ by an accursed partisanship. The Ministerial newspapers would have them believe the Op-position were all knaves and asses, while the Opposition papers would have them believe that the government was hopelessly corrupt." Or as another speaker said : "Politically we have fallen upon evil times. We have fallen upon times when, in certain sections, the ballot-box is corrupted, men are bought like chattels, or coerced into casting their votes for private gain rather than for the public good. . . . There are two distinctive ele-ments at work in the contest for political supremacy. The first represents wealth and corporate power that rushes on with the force of .a tornado, yet lacking in the purifying effect of the storm. The other is composed of men of small capacity and less personal character and integrity. Small men are in the saddle riding roughshod over the morals, the intelligence and the integrity of our national life." ALL this is true enough, and "the half has not been told;" but why is, it so? Is it because the right political plan has not been followed? Can it be remedied by a revolution in political procedure? That is the remedy upon which our would-be refOrmers are confidently de-pending; that is the remedy which they are determined. to adopt. Ł* * BUT the remedy will not fit the cause. The cause does not lie in any political defectiveness, but in the moral defectiveness of the people. Get the hearts of the people right, purify them of their corruption, and politics will straighten out of itself. But the reformers are going to reform politics, in order to straighten out the people. .It is the old mistake of putting the cart before the horse. * * THE much cherished remedy will not "work." When corruption is in the heart, it must show itself; for "out of the abundance of the heart the mouth speaketh." When men of corrupt hearts engage in politics, there will be corrupt politics. Either they must be shut out of pol-itics, or there will continue to be the same corruption that is so much in evidence to-day. * * BUT men of corrupt moralsŠmen who will stand by 