THE A NIERICA_N SENTINEL. 83 "THE SECRETARY : I regret to say there has not. . . . But I recognize it as a wise and dutiful course on the part of all who are en-gaged in or who discuss the work of educa-tion, to make the effort to secure such an agreement.' "DR. PRICE I wish to move that the Na-tional Reform Association be requested by this Conference, to bring this matter to the at-tention of American educators and of Roman Catholic authorities, with a view to securing such a basis of agreement, if possible.' "The motion was seconded and adopted." We believe it is not only possible but prob- able, for very opporttinely with this action of the National Reformers at Saratoga, there came from the Pope to the Catholic prelates assembled at Baltimore to discuss the plans .:of the new Catholic University at the capital of the Nation, the following:Š " The unlimited license of thought and writing; to which erroneous notions concern-ing both divine and human things have given rise, not only in Europe but also in your country, has been the root and source of un-bridled opinions, while, on the other hand, with religion banished to a great extent from the schools, wicked men strive by craft and fallacious wisdom to extinguish the light of faith in the minds of the young, and to en-kindle there the flames of irreligion. Where-fore it is necessary that youth be nourished more carefully with sound doctrine, and that these young. men especially, who are being educated for the church, should be fully armed to fit them for the task of defending the Cath-olic truth. We therefore most gladly welcome and heartily approve your project for the erection of a university, moved as you are by a desire to promote the welfare of all and the interests of your illustrious republic." Now when the National Reform Associa-tion, to gain the religio-political alliance of Rome, goes as " requested " to these Roman Catholic authorities, carrying in its hands the concession that the Catholic Bible is as nearly the word of God as is the Protestant Bible, that they are virtually ail one; and also carry-ing in its hands the public schools of ten States and four Territories of this Union, to be deliv-ered over bodily to the religious rule of Rome will the Romish Church accept the bid? We fear she will. But whether she will or not, we call it A MONSTROUS BID. And if she does not, we are sure the National Reformers will increase the bid, and will keep on in- creasing it till she does accept it. And what are you going to do about it? A. T. J. N Ł 44,  THE National Reform Association will have to look out for itself; we have received a pa-per printed at Buffalo, N. Y., entitled the Na-tional Reformer, the organ of what it proposes to call the " National Reform Party." Its plat-form is not exactly that of the original simon-pure National Reform party. It seems to be kind of half-and-half; in some things it seems to incline toward the original, but it declares that "the just powers of government are de-rived from the consent of the governed," and this is political atheism in the eyes of the regular National Reformers. It may be that the regular National Reform Association will swing this new party into its train, as it has the " evangelical " churches, the W. C. T. U.,  Prohibition, and as it proposes to do with the Workingmen, the Catholics, and everything else. We rather expect that it will. It will have to do something, or else there will be a serious clash of voices and aims, with both parties running under the same name. How-ever, as "District Secretary" M. A. Gault is an adept in dealing with " clashing voices," we have no doubt that he can bring this mat-ter out all straight. We hope he will try, for the SENTINEL expects to have something to say about the regular, original National Re-formers, and we don't want to be misunder-stood. What Was the Point? IN the Christian Statesman's report of the Ohio Prohibition Convention we find the fol-lowing item :Š "John B. Finch brought down the house when, .with allusion to Governor Foraker's prompt invocation of the power of the courts a fortnight ago to forbid the return of the rebel flags, he inquired why the Governor, when it was first proposed in the Ohio Gen-eral Assembly two years ago to repeal the Sabbath law, did not instantly telegraph to the bishops of the M. E. Church to serve out an injunction, etc. The audience saw the point, and cheered till they were tired, and then renewed the applause, with fluttering handkerchiefs, high lifted fans, and straw hats in profusion." Just exactly what the point was which the audience saw in this and cheered so lustily, we cannot imagine. Is it possible that Mr. John B. Finch meant that Governor Foraker should have telegraphed to the bishops of the M. E. Church to serve an injunction against the repeal of the Sabbath law? and is that the "point" that the audience saw and cheered till they were tired? Did Mr. Finch mean to convey the idea that the bishops of the M. E. Church have, or ought to have, power to serve injunctions upon the civil authorities of the State of Ohio? and is that the " point " which was applauded with handkerchiefs, fans, and straw hats, in such vociferous pro-fusion? Or, above all, did he mean to imply that either the body of bishops of the M. E. Church, or any other earthly power, has, or ought to have, the right to serve an injunction upon the legislative power of the State of Ohio? and is that the " point " (?) over which the convention went so wild? If it is, the idea is certainly wild enough in itself to jus-tify even the wild demonstrations so admir-ingly described in the report. There is, however, that about the affair which serves to perfectly illustrate the real point which we are now emphasizing in the SENTI-NEL, that all legislation enforcing the observ-ance of the Sabbath is essentially religious legislation. Else why should it be thought the proper thing for a governor to do to call upon a board of bishops to serve an injunc-tion against any legislation adverse to its compulsory observance? The point is that Sunday laws cannot be separated from relig-ious legislation. Perhaps that is the point that the convention saw in Mr. Finch's speech, and which they so heartily cheered. Church and State ideas are becoming very popular now in Prohibition conventions. The Bible in the Public Schools. IN the June number of the SENTINEL there was an article in which the following sentence occurred: "To shut the Bible and religious instruction out of the public school seems, to some people, to be a sacrilegious proceeding; but to maintain them in the public schools is not only very difficult, but very hazardous." To this statement a good friend of the SENTI-NEL took exception, thinking that it argued a lack of appreciation of the Bible. Although our private explanation of the matter was sat-isfactory to him, we propose to consider the subject somewhat in detail, for the benefit of others who may think that loyalty to the word of God demands that its study be maintained in the public schools. In the first place we will say that we yield to none in reverence for the Bible. We be-lieve it to be the inspired word of God, and that it is "true from the beginning." As an educator it is invaluable. We believe that if the Bible is rightly studied, a man can get a better education from it alone than from any other book that was ever printed. He would have a better disciplined mind and would be better fitted for society and business, than he could be by studying any other book ever written. Take all the eulogies of the Bible that have ever been written or spoken, and it may still be said that "the half has not been told." And still we hold that it is a great mis-take for Christians to insist upon the Bible being used as a text-book in the public sch ools. Our reasons are these:Š The Bible is not an ordinary text-book. It is not a book to be studied as an arithmetic, beginning at the first page and mastering it point by point until the end is reached. It is not a book of logic, nor a book of science, al-though it is logical, and is scientifically exact, and is the basis of all true science. But it is primarily and solely a book of morals. It is true that there is no other book in the world the study of which will so admirably discipline the mind as will the Bible; and it is for this reason that many think the Bible should be used as a text-book in the public schools. But such ones forget that the disciplinary effects of the Bible are not obtained when it is studied for that purpose alone, as people study geometry or read the orations of Cicero, but,  that the discipline of mind from the study of the Bible comes only when it is studied with a view of carrying out its precepts in the daily life. Proof of this is found in the following texts: Ps. 111 : 10: "The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom ; a good understanding have all they that do his commandments." Deut. 4 :5, 6 : " Behold, I have taught you statutes and judgments, even as the Lord my God commanded me, that ye should do so in the land whither ye go to possess it. Keep there-fore and do them; for this is your wisdom and your understanding in the sight of the nations, which shall hear all these statutes, and say, Surely this great nation is a wise and under-standing people." The Bible is like no other book that was ever written. Its language is 