TI2e Anrricq SeOhri. PUBLISHED MONTHLY, BY TUN —PACIFIC PRESS PUBLI6HING COMPANY. 0A1c*Dp  CAL. Entered at the Post-office in Oakland. The National' Reform Gospel. - NATIONAL Reform Secretary J. H. Leiper says:Š We preach exactly the same gospel to the body politicŠthat moral individual we call the nationŠ[that we do to the demoralized inclividual person]."ŠChristian Statesman, Jane 18, 1885. The gospel which Christ sends by his minis- ter,: to the " demoralized individual " person is this: " Go yo into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature. He that be-iieveth and is baptized shall be saved." And this: " Go ye therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.; teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you." Now if the National Reformers propose to preach to the body politic the gospel of Christ, and if that body politic is going to obey that gospelŠif it is going to observe what Christ has commandedŠthen that body politic must be baptized; and the National Reformers will have to baptize it. We should like for Mr. Secretary Leiper to tell " exactly " how that thing can be accomplished. If the National Reformers will say thht the body politic needs not to be baptized, then it follows that: the gospel which they preach to the body politic is not the gospel of Christ. And in that case, this being " exactly the same gospel" that they preach to the demor- alized individual, it follows that the gospel which they preach either to the individual or to the body politic is not the gospel of Christ. We are persuaded that the conclusion is the literal truth of the matter, and of this persua-sion we must remain until the National Re-formers tell us how the body politic shall or Can be baptized. THE morality as derived from religion which the State needs will be best supplied by the confinement of its agency to things temporal and the entire omission on its part of any at-tempt to adm:nistor things spiritual. The State can do religion no favor so great as to have nothing to do with it, and itself no favor so great as to let religion alone. The moment the two aro put in alliance with each other both are injured,--"Samice/ 6 e Speia)i  D, D, "Foundation in Usage."' THE Christian Statesman of Nov. 11, 1886, contains the first part of an article, by "the Rev. John M'Naugher," entitled, " The State and the Sabbath." Its opening remarks we wish to notice. It opens thus:Š " In advocating that the body politic should officially acknowledge the Lord's day and se-cure it against secular uses, one cannot be charged with being a flighty theorist. That doctrine is time-honored and has been in act-ual operation for fifteen centuries. Ever since the issuing of Constantine's memorable edict, A. D. 321, the Sabbath-''Th a weekly rest-day has been a fixture in the common laW of the civilized world." This reference to the action of Constantine, in this relation, is certainly significant, and very fitting. It is conceded by all that Con- stantine was the first to attempt to unite the Christian religion with the " body politic;" it is a fact of hktory that by him was laid the foundation for all the ecclesiastical usurpations of the Roman Papal system, and that his patronage of the church has been a curse to the cause of Christianity, the influence of which is felt even to the present time. Let us first examine Constantine's "mem- orable decree," and we will then consider its import, and the relation that this notable emperor sustained to the Christian religion at the time of his issuing this decree. The fol-lowing is the decree, of date March 7, 321:-- "Let all the judges and town people, and the occupation of all trades, rest on the ven-erable day of the sun; but let those who are situated in the country, freely and at fa.l lib-erty attend to the business of agriculture, be-cause it often happens that no other day is so fit for sowing corn and planting vines; lest the critical moment being let slip, men should lose the commodities granted by Heaven." Not only by this writer in the Statesman, but by a multitude of religious teachers of the present day, this decree of Constantine is rec-ognized as the foundation of all "Sabbath " or "Lord's day" legislation; as the first rec-ognition by the " body politic " of the usages or institutions of Christianity. But nothing can be more easily shown than that this de-cree was not made in the interest of ChriS-tianity; that it did not respect the Sabbath or Lord's day; and that it was not issued by a Christian ruler. The reader will notice that the decree was partial; that it related only to certain classes, leaving other classes to still pursue their usual avocations; and that it was respecting "the venerable day of the sun." Now we appeal with confidence to every student and reader of the Bible, that in all the Scriptures there is no such day or institution known as " the venerable day of the sun." And we affirm that, in this decree, Constantine not only did not mention any Christian institution, but he had no reference to any Christian institution. On this point let such a reputable writer as Dr. Schaff testify:Š " He enjoined the civil observance of Sun-day, though not as dies Domini [Lord's day], but as dies solis [day of the sun], in conformity to his worship of Apollo, and in company with an ordinance for the regular consulting of the haruspex (321)."ŠIlistory of the Christian Church, vol. 2. The edict of the sun's day was issued March 7; that for consulting the haruspex was issued the day following, March 8. This edict of March 8 concerned the inspection of the entrails of beasts as a means of' foretelling future events. It was a heathen practice, and the decree was a heathen edict, made by a heathen ruler. This of itself is sufficient to. show in what light we must regard his edict for honoring "the venerable day of the sun." Dr. Schaff says that Constantine issued his sun's day decree "in conformity to his wor-ship of Apollo." Who was Apollo, and what relation did his worship bear to-  reverencing " the day of the sun " ? Webster says: " A deity among the Greeks and Romans, and worshiped under the name of Pltifebus, the sun." On this point Gibbon furnishes decisive evi-dence:Š " The devotion of Constantine was more pe-culiarly directed to the genius of the sun, the Apollo of Greek and Roman mythology; and he was pleased to .be represented with the symbols of the god of light and poetry. . . The altars of Apollo were crowned with the votive offerings of Constantine; and the cred-ulous multitude were taught to believe that the emperor was permitted to behold with mortal eyes the visible majesty of their tute-lar deity. . . . The sun was universally celebrated as the invincible guide and pro-tector of Constantine."ŠDecline and Fall, vol. 2, chap. 20. And again, a note on the same page says:Š " The panegyric of Eumenius, which was pronounced a few months before the Italian war, abounds with the most unexceptionable evidence of the Pagan superstition of Con-stantine, and of his particular veneration for Apollo, or the sun." The Encyclopedia Brittanica says:Š "The notion of conversion in the sense of a real acceptance of the new religion, and a thorough rejection of the old, is inconsistent with the hesitating attitude in which ho stood towards both. Much of this may indeed be due to motives of political expediency, but there is a good deal that cannot be so explained. Paganism must still have been an operative belief with the man who, down almost to the close of his life, retained f30 many heathen " Corrupted freemen are the worst of slaves." VOLUME 2. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, MARCH, 188. NUMBER 3. 