W. T. Gibson pleading his case. "Your honor, I have not interfered with any natural or constitutional right of my neighbors. and I am not guilty of keeping open shop on the Lord's day." ŁIf any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, / Judge him not: for l Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World." VOLUME 10. NEW YORK, JANUARY 17, 1895. NUMBER 3.  American Sentinel. PUBLISHED 'WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 130ND STREET, NEW YORE.. Entered at the New York Post-Office. ALONZO T. JONES, CALVIN P. BOLLHAN, A. F. 13ALLENGEE, - - ONE of the most significant signs of the times is the reception accorded in all lands,Šnot excepting even our own,Što representatives of the Roman Catholic Church. The Catholic Universe of Dec. 7, 1894, has this editorial note illustrative of the foregoing remark :Š Detailed reports of Monsignor Satolli's visit to Albany make it clear that the apostolic dele-gate was received by ec-clesiastics and the highest officials of New York State, with every mark of distinguished consid-eration, rarely accorded even to eminent function-aries of Church or State. The fact may appear alarming to those narrow minded fanatics who be-lieve Monsignor Satolli to be a leader of the Jesuits, but level headed folk, Catholic as well as Prot-estant, understand that the respect shown to the illustriousvisitor, is noth-ing more than the due of the accredited representa-tive of the acknowledged spiritual ruler of Chris-tendom. Such "distin-guished considera-tion" is never shown to representatives of other churches; why, then, do the officials of New York show such consideration to Monsignor Satolli ? It can be for no other reason than because Satolli represents not merely an ecclesias-tical, but a political power. The papacy insinuates itself into the politics of every country; and it is for this reason that the officials of an American State deem it "wise statesmanship" to accord him such a rare reception. An American Citizen Defends His Faith and His Rights: A Victim of the Sunday-law Crusade Is Fined $50 and Costs For Keeping Open Store on the " Lord's Day." W. T. GiBsoN, a Seventh-day Advent-ist, of Everett, Mass., is arrested as the result of the work of a spy, who, sent by Ł the mayor, purchases a half-pound of candy, and then informs. The defend-ant, when brought into court, pleaded his case substantially as follows:Š W. T. Gibson.ŠYour honor, I would like to say that I am not acquainted with the rules of the court-room, and therefore ask that you make allowance for any mis-take I may make in pleading my case. Judge Pettengill.ŠI think you will have no trouble. G.ŠYour honor, the summons which brought me into this court accuses the  defendant of keeping open shop on the Lord's day, to which charge I plead not guilty (drawing a New Testament from his pocket); and I desire to define the Lord's day by the declarations of Him who is the Lord of the Lord's day as they are recorded in the Lord's book. Prosecuting Attorney.ŠYour honor, I object. Judge.ŠMr. Gibson, this is a civil, not an ecclesiastical court. G.ŠYour honor, the summons which brought me before this court is by virtue of a law respecting an establishment of religion; and the very wording of the summons necessitates a religious contro-versy. The sum-mons does not ac-cuse defendant of doing work on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, but on the "Lord's day;" and I desire to read from the Lord's book a few scriptures, which will explain why I plead not guilty of doing business on the Lord's day. The . Lord's book is the only authority w h i c.h can decide which is the Lord's day. Judg e.ŠGo on, Mr. Gibson. G.ŠI wish to re-fer you to Mark 2: 27, 28, which reads: "And he said unto them, The Sabbath was made for man, and not man for the Sabbath: Therefore the Son of man is Lord also of the Sabbath." Again, speaking of the Lord Jesus, the declaration is made in the second and third verses of the first chapter of the Gospel by John, that " the same was in the beginning with God. All things were made by him; and without him was not anything made that was made." The first declaration, your honor, asserts that - - EDITORS. ASSISTANT EDITOR. 