THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 255 NATIONAL Religious Liberty Association. Ray. W. F. CRAFTS has found another name for the first day of the week. In those cities where the barbers have organized to secure Sunday closing of their shops, he calls it the "barbers Sunday." ALREADY the American Sabbath Union is talking about the prospects for securing national Sunday legislation for the District of Columbia, at the next session of Congress. Tat Supreme Court of Virginia has decided that the Virginia law forbidding the running of Sunday freight trains is unconstitutional because it inter-feres with inter-state commerce. AT the beginning of the baseball season the citi-zens of Irondequoit, New York, threatened Sunday ball players with arrest, and forced the discontin-uance of Sunday games. They have lately been resumed, and the Monroe County Sunday Union has begun action with the expressed determination of bringing about a strict enforcement of the Sunday law in reference to ball playing. Ł Ł  A DISPATCH from St. Paul, Minnesota, dated July 25, published in the Inter-Ocean, states that " War is to be declared at once on the Sunday saloon, Sunday amusements, houses of ill-fame, and all other vices, by the new Law and Order Society." One citizen states in this connection, " We shall begin next spring's campaign on Monday next, and will: not cease until victory has crowned our efforts." THE Watertown, (Wisconsin) Republican, of July 8, contains a list of fifty-three business men who have agreed together to close their business places on Sundays, on and after August 16, 1891. It the undeniable right of these gentlemen to close their business, and no one could object if every business man in the United States would decide of his own choice to discontinue work on Sunday. But it is subversive of all the correct principles of civil law to compel men by statute to rest on Sunday, or any other day. THE Grand Jury has made a presentment touch-ing the excise laws of New York. The Press quotes Mayor Grant, as, saying upon the subject:Š . " A law should be passed which can be enforced. The present law the people do not indorse and do not believe in. I have drafted, no bill, but I would favor Si measure which permitted' sales in certain hours on Sunday." Thus is the cause of temperance lostŠtreasonably sold out,--to further, even in so slight a degree, the enforcement of a religious formalism. Tim Grand Republic and the General Slocum are two excursion boats which carry seven thousand persons, and more, to and from Rockaway Beach every pleasant, Sunday during the heated term, and are principally owned, by; influential Brooklyn chinch members. Thesee,enseienti ons men, havensed their Sunday leisure in deVising some 140# by which to serve.  God and Mammon and signify:-their deep religious revereneetior Siinday-aan, sacred institution, while at' the!  salve time pocketing the Sunday revenues frau their. boats: That they have discovered dust: the way. to, ac- . coMpliskithht,its ,shOWn by What , official . of one of the boata said to a reporter of the Sun: "-VOA can hata-thata, Sabbath - breaking on these  boats will never be permitted ! It was only three weeks ago that one of our best directors heard that dancing was permitted on the Grand Republic and the General Slocum, on Sunday. He stopped it pretty quick, and it will be stopped for all sum-mer." Both of these boats have a bar, and liquors are sold on Sundays as well as other days, so the serv-ice of Mammon is not in the least interfered with. If the wise man were alive now he would number another class among those whose ways were past finding outŠthe Sunday reformers. AN ordinance was introduced in the council of the city of Toronto, on July 20, which reads, " No person shall in any public park, garden or place for exhibition in the city of Toronto, publicly preach, lecture or declaim." 'The bill. was amended so as to apply only to Sundays, and to include public squares, and passed. The ordinance is aimed at certain persons who have taken occasion to speak very disgracefully in the parks, against some of the established ideas of religion, to those congregating there on Sundays. Why confine such legislation to Sunday ? If it is a public nuisance for a man to thus speak dis-gracefully on Sunday, why would it not equally apply to other days of the week PRIVATE detectives, it is said, have been em-ployed by the Barbers' Association of Philadelphia, to gather evidence against the barbers who have been planning to keep open on Sunday and pay from a general fund all fines and costs which might ensue. Ten have been arrested charged with conspiring to defeat the operation of the Pennsylvania Act of Assembly of 1794, which requires all worldly business to be suspended on Sunday. Others are to be arrested and all the cases prosecuted unless there is a general submission to Sunday closing. The Hair-dressers' Association of Dundee has taken quite a different method to attain the same end. Outsiders having opened shops on Sun-day, sixteen members of the Association volunteered to serve customers who desired Sunday shaving, gratuitously, thus depriving competitors of their plats and all incentive for Sunday opening. There is a strong contrast between the methods of the barbarous barber of Philadelphia and the merciful hair-dresser of Dundee, but comparisons of course are invidious. Sunday in Arkansas. THE criminal docket of the Boone County, Arkan-sas, Circuit Court gives the names of James Walker, Jule Killebrew, and Sam Mitchell as being indicted for " Sabbath - breaking," The court, which convened on July 20, has continued the case of James Walker, and fined the other two men $25.00 each, The Sunday law of Arkansas, imposes a fine on any person who shall labor or compel his employes to labor on that day ; forbids the opening of any kind of business, including the saloon, on Sunday; prohibits Sunday hortie-racing, card-playing, hunt-ing, and baseball games; and if any minor com-mits. any of : these offenses and it !` shall be made to apPear that the offense was- committed by or withthe consent or approbation of the parent or guardian of said minor," then the parent or guar-dian Wilthave to pay the fine. Nearly,  everything is included in,  this law, for which. any.  National Rer former! could ask: The, advocates of these Sunday laws keep ring-ing it in our ears, and if we could only have Sun-day lawS, and well enforced in every State the world would be converted right off: That Arkan-sas has the Sunday law no one can doubt She hastmade,  herself notorious by. executing that law..  Now for the conclusion. Arkansas has of conrse entered upon the millennial reign. And while it cannot be strictly true that Satan is bound, for his nefarious workings are to be seen in Other parts of the country, yet it must be that there is an impas-sible barrier around the borders of Arkansas, and when his Satanic majesty, in his roaming about seeking whom he may devour, reaches the border line of this favored spot he is required to content himself with viewing in maddened rage these walls too solid to break through and too high to scale. No such good things have been heard about Arkan-sas, yet if the theory of Sunday laws be true that State ought to contain all these millennial bless-ings. To those who are not blind to facts, Arkansas alone presents enough evidence to overthrow the whole civil Sunday law millennial theory. Men in Arkansas are given to all the wickedness common to humanity in other States, notwithstanding the fact that she? is so well provided with Sunday laws and is so zealous in enforcing them. A. 0. TAIT. SUNDAY, July 26, has come to be known in news-paper headings as the " Blue Sunday in Hartford," from the measure of success attained on that day in enforcing the Connecticut laws on the observ-ance of Sunday. Section 1569 of the Connecticut Statutes reads:Š " Every person who shall do any secular business or labor; except works of necessity or mercy, or keep open any shop, warehouse, or manufacturing or mechanical establishment, or expose any prop-erty for sale, or engage in any sport or recreation on Sunday, between sunrise and sunset, shall be fined not more than four dollars nor less than one dollar." It seems that the movement for the enforcement of this law began by a petition to the authorities to close the Italian fruit stands. The Italians retal-iated with another petition for the enforcement of the law against all business on Sunday. The Chief' of Police complied, but exercised his own:discretion in permitting the sale of soda water and Sunday newspapers as necessities. A combination is threatened which will compel the authorities to close all stores, drug stores in-cluded, and deny the people of Hartford livery and street-car service on Sunday. The vendetta of the Italian seems to be theŁ strongest and most immediately effective that Mr.. Crafts has yet succeeded in joining to himself ins his crusade for the religio-civil Sunday. " FEARFUL strides toward the overtInaow of th'e last vestiges of regard for the Sabbath are being made before our eyes," says the Christian Advo-cate of this city. "At Weehawken a great Sunday performance is conspicuously advertised in the New York papers, and thousands go to see it. It is in direct violation of law. There is no solid rea-son why theaters should not be open on Sunday if such aperformance as this can be allowed. Will the Christian citizens of New Jersey permit it ? i We appeal to our ministers and members in the vicinity. Look closely into the law; ascertain what methods to take to put a stop to it ; move courageously, The Sabbath-breakers will be against_ you; the management who care nothing for God's day,. but are simply after money, will cry, Pharisees.;' butsthere is, still law in the State. Talking will do, nothing; that is-for an hour, while. these daughters of the horse-leech cry ' Give, give,'. ! continually. Other violations of law in the same direction are going on. If-some: of the cream of New Yorkand!Philadelphia,  settles,  upon the tern . tory of New Jersey, the scum in great billows rolls. across the _Hudson, and sthe Delaware every Sab-bath, and the residents. must contend earnestly or their fair heritage will become as bad as the slums of the cities." It is thus that' in every quarter Christians are looking to the-civitlaw to,  preserve the " Christiana Sabbath." 