378 ANIL 1E8,1 CAN N Ii1L4. VoL. 10, No. 48. very truth " the habitation of devils, and the hold of every foul spirit, and a cage of every unclean and hateful bird." And this will be the utter ruin of the Church,Šthe nominal church, those visible organized bodies which in name and profession represent the Church of Christ, as many of them as shall have en-tered into this unholy alliance with the world. And this is the time of which the prophet writes: " And I heard another voice from heaven, saying, Come out of her, my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive not of her plagues; for her sins have reached unto heaven, and God hath re- membered her iniquities."' Of this terrible result to the Church there can be no manner of doubt. It will be but a repetition of what has been. History tells us of a similar fall experienced by the Church soon after the days of the apostles, which re- sulted in the development of m papacy. There was an alliance between the Church and the civil power. The Church wanted laws enacted which would suppress upon Sundays certain places of amusement which drew the people away from attendance at the house of worship. The church historian, Neander, says of this:Š Owing to the prevailing passion at that time, espe-cially in the large cities, to run after the various pub-lic shows, it so happened that when these spectacles fell on the same days which had been consecrated by the Church to some religious festival, they proved a great hindrance to the devotion of Christians, though chiefly, it must be allowed, to those whose Christianity was' the least an affair of the life and of the heart. Church teachers . . . were, in truth, often forced to complain that in such competitions the theater was vastly more frequented than the church.5  This was in the latter part of the fourth century. In A. D. 401, at a church council held at Carthage, it was enacted that " On Sundays and feast-days, no plays may be per-formed." 6  That this might be made effect- ive, a petition was addressed to the emperor, Honorius, praying " that the public shows might be transferred from the Christian Sun-day and from feast-days, to some other days of the week," citing as one reason for the same, that " the people congregate more to the circus than to the church." In A. D. 425, a law was secured closing the- aters and other places of amusement on Sun-days and other feast-days, " in order that the devotion of the faithful might be free from all disturbance." Thus did the Church seek an alliance with the State in those early days, and thus did the papacy develop and grow into power until, Utterly apostate and corrupt, though nominally the Church of Christ, she dominated the State, and wielded its power to persecute and scatter the true people of God. Then was ushered in that awful pe-riod of human history known as the Dark Ages. To-day, the Church is again seeking an al-liance with the civil power. What is that al-liance? It is one whose basis is the exchange of her power at the ballot box for the legisla-tion which she demands. Leading clergymen who speak for the Church are now giving pol-iticians and aspirants for public office to un- derstand that they cannot succeed against its influence and its vote; and already they do understand it, and the game of politics is being adapted to this new feature. No astute and far-sighted politician now ventures to ig- Rev. 18: 4, 5. 5  " History of the Christian Religion and Church," Vol. 2, Sec. 3, part 2, div. 3, par. 5. Hefele's "History of the Church Councils," Fifth Car-thaginian. 7  Neander, " History of the Christian Religigtl end Church," Vol. 2, Sec. 3, part 1, div, 3, par. §. nore the decrees of the Church in a matter involving a moral or religious question; and as such questions are forced by the Church more and more into the sphere of civil legis-lation, the necessity of close and cordial rela-tions with the Church will be more and more obvious to unscrupulous aspirants for positions of public trust. When this Church and State movement shall have proceeded to the point where church re-lationship becomes no longer a matter of self-denial but a means of the gratification of sel-fish ambition,Šwhen church connection shall have shifted from the basis of principle to that of policy, then know that the ruin of the Church is nigh! This dreadful consummation the AMERICAN SENTINEL does not wish to see, and would do all in its power to avert; and therefore it lifts its voice in protest and warning against the Church's entrance into the field of political strife. It points to the divinely-ordained principle of the entire separation of the State and the Church, and calls upon men to render to Ccesar the things that are Cwsar's, and to God the things that are God's; to let the State make manifest the power of the civil arm in the sphere for which it was ordained, while the Church shows forth the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth. Will the Church see her peril and turn from the evil path into which she has been led, making God and his omnipotent word the source of her power? If so, well; but if not, then erelong a trumpet voice will be heard proclaiming in her midst, " Come out of her, my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that 3 e receive not of her plagues." GUARDING THE THE REST DAY. A GROWING fear is agitating many minds throughout Christendom, that the world will lose its rest day. A prominent churchman has declared that "the more we assimilate Sunday to other days by the amusements, the occupations, the teaching and reading and thinking with which we fill it, the greater is the danger that ultimately we shall lose it al-together." So it is proposed to guard against such a loss by " every sanction which the law can furnish." So far as Sunday is concerned, this fear is doubtless well grounded. There is a growing tendency to disregard the religious distinction which that day has for several centuries en-joyed, and to make it a day for secular pur-suits and pleasures; and there is no power on earth that can stop it. The distinction be-tween it and other days of the week, except-ing the seventh, is one which rests only upon human authority and custom, and to human authority and human power it must look for that which is to save it from being swept away. Many men have observed, and do now ob-serve the day from conscientious convictions of duty, believing it to be the day divinely in-stituted and given to man to be kept holy. But with the knowledge that it is not and never was a holy day,Šnow fast being dis-seminated throughout the religions world,Šand that its claim to sanctity rests on nothing but the traditions of men, while the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord, which all men are bound to observe, as the fourth commandment declares, there springs up naturally in men's minds a disregard for the Sunday, which the argument of law is powerless to cure. No human law ever changed the convictions of a person's heart. The most that human law can do is to make some of those who do not believe Sunday to be a sacred day, act as  though they did believe it; that is, to make hypocrites; for all who do believe it to be of a sacred character will observe it without the law. This is the only additional guard that secular enactments can throw around the day, Ša guard of hypocrites. But how is it with " the Sabbath of the Lord," the seventh day? Is there any danger that it will be lost? We hear no such fear expressed. Though its adherents are very much less numerous than the number who profess allegiance to Sunday, none of them have any doubt that it is sufficiently guarded and secure. It comes regularly once in each week, and shows no tendency whatever to get lost. The masses not only of the world but of Christendom, are against it, but it is losing no ground. On the contrary, its cause is moving steadily forward, and the number of its adherents is growing in all parts of the world day by day. No human law gives it aid, no popular church party gives it sanction, no men of wealth and influence are behind to push it forward; yet it moves onward with a power and majesty which discomforts and con-founds its enemies. The reason of this is simple. It is "the Sabbath of the Lord." He is behind it and in it. His power is with it. Upon his word it rests. Small wonder then that it flourishes without the aid of human laws, influence or wealth. Human power will turn against it, but that will make no difference. It is guarded and upheld by the Word of the Lord, and can no more be vanquished or lost than can God himself. The only way to get the Sabbath is to get Christ. The only way to keep the Sabbath is to keep Christ. In Christ is rest; without him there is no rest. " Come unto Me, all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest." Would not this gracious invita-tion of the Master be as good to present to the poor workingman as a law compelling him to rest(?) whether he will or no? In Christ the workingman and every other man will find his rest, and he will not find it in any other way. He will find the Sabbath; for he is Lord of the Sabbath, the Creator of all things, and the Institutor, with his Father, of the day of rest. He kept it. The keeping of the Sabbath is a part of his life; and there-fore those who have his life in them will keep it too. And they will not be afraid of the consequences, whether it be loss of position, loss of wealth or influence, or persecution from those who know not God. If they meet all these, they will still have as much as the Saviour had here on earth, and they ask no more. When Christ can be put into the heart by human law, then Sabbath rest can be given to an individual by law, and not before. Until then, it is useless to talk of throwing guards around the Sabbath by human enact-ments. Ł MAJORITIES AGAINST THE TRUTH. THERE are those who magnify the numbers that give countenance to their cause, forget-ting that in both morals and religion the Word of God is the only rule and guide, and not the sentiments of any number of fallible men. In other words, they assert that truth must lie with the majority. But is this an infalli-ble method of determining truth and right? How was it when Israel worshiped the golden calf ? or in the days of Ahab, when from among the millions of Israel only seven thou-sand were found who had not bowed the knee to Baal? or when Elijah stood, single and alone, to meet the four hundred and fifty 