OCTOBER 24, 1895. .A...10i1HAL--LiCA.Tc IN'IMLio 333 "THE POWERS THAT BE." [J. Christiansen in the Evangeliets Sendebud and Sanhe-dens Tidende (Gospel Messenger and Herald of Truth), Danish.] IN the thirteenth chapter of Romans, we are commanded to be subject unto " the powers that be; " and are told that they who resist " shall receive to themselves damna-tion." In the third verse the apostle gives us the reason for this: " For rulers are not a terror to good works, but to the evil. Wilt thou then be afraid of :the power ? do that which is good, and thou shalt have praise of the same: for he is a minister of God to thee for good." Jesus said: " There is none good but one, that is God: if thou wilt enter into life keep the commandments." Matt. 19 : 17. The Saviour then tells to which commandments he refers, namely, those which forbid murder, adultery, theft, and false witness, and the one which requires honor to parents. Obeying these we have nothing to fear from the powers which God has ordained. In the seventh chapter of Romans, twelfth verse, we read: " The law is holy, and the commandment holy, and just, and good; " and from the seventh verse we understand that this law is the ten commandments. Of the same law David says: "The law of the Lord is perfect, converting the soul: the testimony of the Lord is sure, making wise the simple. The statutes of the Lord are right, rejoicing the heart: the commandment of the Lord is pure, enlightening the eyes. The fear of the Lord is clean, enduring for-ever: the judgments of the Lord are true and righteous altogether." Ps. 19: 7-9. " Thy righteousness is an everlasting righteousness, and thy law is the truth.' Ps. 119 :'142. No wonder, then, that Paul declares the law to be holy, just, and good; and the man who strives to live according to this law, is cer-tainly trying to do that which is good, and should have no reason to be afraid of the ruler who administers " the powers that be," for "he is a minister of God to thee for good." The Seventh-day Adventists are arrested and punished for keeping the seventh day, the Sabbath of the Lord, and for working on Sunday, the first day of the week, although the " holy, and just, and good" law says: " Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work: but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God: in it thou shalt not do any work." These men are trying to do just what this perfect law tells them: to " fear God and keep his commandments, for this is the whole duty of man." Eccl. 12: 13. They are doing just what is required by the law which is " holy, and just, and good; " and as " rulers are not a terror to good works," those men who are dragging their fellowmen to jail and setting them to work in chain-gangs among common criminals for doing that which is good, cannot be in that thing ministers of God, ordained by him to min-ister the powers that he has ordained; be-cause instead of condemning men to prison for doing good, God's ministers give them praise. " For he is a minister to thee for good." The rulers who now administer the power come very far short of their duty, or rather have usurped functions not given them of God, just as the king of Babylon did when he cast the Hebrews in the " burning fiery furnace." And those who are so diligently watching the Adventists on Sunday to get them arrested, must stand in full fellowship with those men who assembled and found  Da . Gomel praying and making supplication to d and accused him before the king. Dan. 6  : 11. It seems that Peter, in his first epistle was looking forward to this very time, for he says in chapter 2: 19: "For it is thankworthy if a man for conscience toward God endure grief, suffering wrongfully." The prophet Micah, in the seventh chapter, seems also to nave seen this same time; in the second verse, he says: " The good man is perished out of the earth: and there is none upright among men: they all lie in wait for blood: they hunt every man his brother with a net. That they may do evil with both hands earnestly, the prince asketh, and the judge asketh for a reward; and the great man he uttereth his mischievous desire: so they wrap it up." Or " twist it together " (Danish). But what a comfort to the poor Adventist behind the prison bars, is the seventh verse: "Therefore I will look unto the Lord; I will wait for the God of my salvation: my God will hear me. Rejoice not against me, 0 mine enemy: when I fall, I shall arise; when I sit in darkness, the Lord shall be a light unto me." -0- Ł " THE AMERICAN SUNDAY." [Boston Daily Globe, Sept. 10.] THE New York State Republican League resolves in favor of " the American Sunday." But what is " the American Sunday " ? There are many thousands of Jews in this country who keep the seventh day as dictated by their consciences. For them " the Ameri-can Sunday" has no meaning. There is a very flourishing American city in southern Rhode Island, many of whose leading citizens, all simon-pure Americans, are Seventh-day Baptists. They keep the seventh day in their churches, and regard " the American Sunday" as a violation of the Scripture injunction to keep the Sabbath day holy. " The American Sunday" must be a Sun-day especially adapted for Americans. But for what Americans ? Have a set of poli-ticians in convention any authorized preroga-tives in the matter of prescribing a Sunday for all ? Those people who are so fond of prescribing an "American" this and an "American " that, have evidently only in view their own preju-dices and narrowness. The truly American Sunday will prove to be the one on which each citizen secures rest and recreation in his own way, his liberty of choice being circumscribed only by recognized morality and legality, and respect for the equal liberty of others. INTOLERANCE REBUKED. [Sabbath Recorder, October 10.] THE Christian Statesman seems happiest when it is making a thrust at those who ob-serve the Sabbath of the Bible. In its issue of September 26, speaking of observers of the seventh day, it says, "It is a sign of a soft head rather than a tender heart to shed tears over the prosecution of law-breakers." This is the beautiful spirit shown by this journal which professes to be loyal to Christ and his disciples. Those who do not worship God according to the rules laid down by the Statesman must be forbidden. A similar case is narrated in Luke 9: 49, 50. " And John answered and said, Master, we saw one casting out devils in thy name, and we forbade him, because he followeth not with us. And  Jesus said unto him, Forbid him not; for he that is not against us is for us." But the Statesman, more like a pettifogger than a true statesman, continues to deny that anyone has been either prosecuted or perse-cuted because they keep the seventh day, and insists that it is because they do not keep the first day. That is a very small crawl-out. It is hardly worth one's while to make reply to any opponent when he shows disposition to carry a point by sophistry and misleading statements. The whole matter, so far as the Statesman is concerned, lies in the fact that it champions the cause of legislation to enforce the observance of Sunday, as opposed to that religious liberty which was the guarantee of our forefathers, and for which reason our Pilgrim fathers fled from the same spirit of oppression in the old country and sought a refuge here. The inheritance they bequeathed us is now being contested. Like the infamous decision of Judge Taney, in the famous Dred Scott case, that " the negro has no rights which the white man is bound to respect,," so now the Statesman, with a slight change in phraseology, attempts to maintain that the minority, as Sabbath-keepers, have no rights which the majority is bound to respect. -4, CONTEMPTIBLE PERSECUTION. [The Progress, Minneapolis, Oct. 12.] THE report comes to the Progress that Mr. R. T. Nash, of Amory, Miss., formerly of Minnesota, who is a member of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination, was recently ar-rested again for Sunday work in his own corn field; which is claimed by the prosecution to have been done on the 12th day of last May. The officer who made the arrest rode a mule, and was inclined to compel Mr. Nash to walk fifteen miles to Aberdeen, the county seat. But Mr. Nash had already walked a long distance, and had been kept up all the night before with a sick child, and was very tired. With much persuasion the sheriff al-lowed his prisoner to take the train, meeting the officer at the depot, from whence he was escorted to the jail and thrust therein. He was there held behind iron bars for forty-six hours, with only a scanty supply of corn bread, peas and water. Pork and coffee were furnished, but these he could not use. When he was called before the court, he refused to plead, saying that he could not remember what he did on the 12th of May. This was held by the court as a plea of not guilty. It was found that there were no witnesses pres-ent to testify against him, and they were fifteen miles distant. Mr. Nash was com-pelled to give bonds for reappearance at the next term of court, some time next spring. Mr. Nash made quite a mark in this State as a canvasser for denominational books, and went to Mississippi at the request of the General Conference Board. He put in a small garden where he worked at odd times and Sundays for the comfort of his family. It will be remembered that Mr. Nash was arrested some time since, was tried, plead his own case, found guilty and fined. The fine was paid by his neighbors, who said they would not see him go to jail for that which others did every Sunday in the year. In his defense, he claimed that it was a matter of conscience, as he observed the Sabbath accord-ing to the commandment, and spent the other six days in labor; and that the State had no right to interfere so long as he did not inter-fere with the rights of any other person. He held that it was the inalienable right of all men to spend their time as they wish, so long as they do not invade the equal rights of others in spending their time as they wish. 