230 VoL. 8. No. 29. nance of the Anglican clergy. Neverthe-less, although the payment of tithes could be evaded, there were other hardships and disabilities which Dissenters, including Presbyterians, as well as Baptists, Meth-odists, Quakers, Moravians, Mennonites, Dunkards, Unitarians and Catholics could not avoid. All these nonconformists suf-fered from the muster law, by which a distinction was made in favor of the clergymen of the Church of England and against dissenting ministers. Then, again, although Scotland was supposed to enjoy equal rights with England in the colonies, even Presbyterian ministers were not al-lowed to perform the marriage ceremony till 1766; and, when they did perform it, the fee went to the local minister of the Church of England. To other dissenters, Quakers excepted, this right was not con-ceded before 1776. Worst of all was the enforcement in North Carolina of the Schism act, repealed in England in 1718, which prohibited any one from keeping a school in the provinces unless he had ob-tained a, certificate from the Anglican authorities. There is not a doubt that the enforcement of this act up to the period of the revolutionary war, through the widespread ignorance which it engen-dered, is directly responsible for the large percentage of illiteracy, and for the back-wardness of intellectual activity charac-teristic of the State to-day. If the Revolution really began in North Carolina, as the natives of that State con-tend, it was because the- people were even more inflamed by a desire for religious freedom than by the wish for political in-dependence. The Bill of Rights and State Constitution, adopted by the Pro-vincial Congress at Halifax in December, 1776, asserted the natural and inalienable right of men to worship Almighty God according to the dictates of their own con-sciences. It was further laid down that there should be no establishment of any one religious church or denomination in the State of North Carolina in preference to any other. Neither should any person, on any pretense, be compelled to attend any place of worship contrary to his own faith or judgment, or be obliged to pay for.  the purchase of any glebe or the build-ing of any house of worship, or the main-tenance of any minister, contrary to what he believed right, or had voluntarily and personally engaged to perform. On the contrary, all persons should be at liberty to exercise their own mode of worship. These declarations involved the downfall of the Established Church. It only re-mained for the laws of the new State to be brought into conformity with the new Constitution. Marriage was put on a proper footing in 1778, by a law giving the privilege of performing the ceremony to all ministers alike. Next, the terms of the affirmation for Quakers, Moravians, Mennonites, and Dunkards were fixed. The restriction of school teaching to men fortified with the certificate of the An-glican authorities, of course, disappeared, and the law respecting the care of the orphan children of Quakers was repealed. It is evident that North Carolina, from the moment that it declared itself an in-dependent State, asserted an exclusive and unchallenged authority over religious mat-ters. It could, had it so chosen, have re-tained the establishment and endowment of the Anglican or Episcopal Church. It might have established the Presbyterian Church, as it was then, and is still, estab-lished in Scotland. It might have given  Calvinists of the Congregational type the same privileges which they enjoyed at the time in the Colony of Massachusetts. It might, had a majority of the colonists been Catholics, have made Catholicism the re-ligion of the State. It did none of these things; but, in its fundamental organic law, it made, as we have seen, a close ap-proach to universal toleration. Neverthe-less, there was -one provision, which, in process of time seemed to require amend-ment. The thirty-second section of the State Constitution of 1776 read as follows : " No person who shall deny the being of God or the truth of the Protestant religion or the divine authority either of the Old or New Testament, or shall hold religious principles incompatible with the freedom and safety of the State, shall be capable of holding any office or place of trust or profit in the civil department within the State." As time went on, there were various in-terpretations of this section. One theory held that it clearly excluded atheists and such deists as made a parade of their infi-delity by proclaiming the Scriptures to be false. Others thought that it disqualified Jews also, on the ground that the latter must necessarily deny the divine authority of the New Testament. Still others main-tained that Quakers, Mennonites, and Dunkards were disqualified, because their belief that arms cannot lawfully be used in defense of one's native country is sub-versive of its freedom and repugnant to its safety. Many lawyers declared, and their views seem to have been followed in practice, that the clause in question ex-cluded nobody; that for want of a speci-fied tribunal to expound and enforce it, the provision was a dead letter. There is no doubt that the clause had been aimed at Roman Catholics. But it had never been interpreted against them. Thomas Burke, who publicly professed the Catholic faith, was a member of the Continental Congress from South Caro-lina, and, in 1781, was elected Governor of the State. There was no State office, from that of Governor down to that of constable, which had not, at one time or another, been filled by a Catholic. Per-haps the most distinguished of these was William Gaston, who had been suc-cessively a member of the State Senate, a representative in Congress, and a Justice of the State Supreme Court. No com-plaint was made when Judge Gaston as-sumed his seat upon the bench; neverthe-less, it was thought best to amend the section in question when the matter came up in the Constitutional Convention of 1835. In the Constitution of North Caro-lina, framed and adopted then, the word " Christian " was substituted for " Prot-estant" ; and thus, in the words uttered by Judge Gaston at the time, was the car-cass of the last remnant of religiousper-secution interred, lest its pestilential eiffiu-via should poison the atmosphere of free-dom.Š.W. Y. Sun, June 16. WHEN a religious organization resorts to the law to compel recognition of its tenets or customs, it proves its spiritual power to be at a low ebb. When it must have the aid of the State in the way of laws exempting its property from taxation soldiers and police to enforce its Sabbath regulations, grants of public money to support its institutions, and the like, there certainly is a screw loose in its spiritual-ity somewhere. Some religious leaders are too eager to throw aside the sword of  the Lord and of Gideon and seize upon the weapons which man hath fashioned by his own cunning.Šindependent Herald, Bertrand, Nebr. Is It Selfishness? THERE are many selfish people in the world, but they can never see themselves that they are selfish. They think that everyone else is selfish and is trying to deprive them of their rights, but they cannot see that by their actions they are continually depriving others of their in-alienable rights. How is it with the Sunday-law advo-cate ? He complains that because the World's Fair is open on Sunday the rights of the " Christian people " of the country are infringed. He virtually says: " We, the Christian people of the land, have asked that the Fair be closed on Sunday, and our request should be granted ; not only so, but every person should be com-pelled to keep the day we regard as sa-cred." It matters not to him how much his fellow-man's rights are infringed so long as his are not. There are thousands who do not believe in the sacredness of Sunday, but that makes no difference to the Sunday-law advocate. In his eyes the " insignificant minority " have no rights that should be respected. Is there any selfishness in this ? Is there any Chris-tianity ? Christians should be freest of all people, for the Author of Christianity says: "Whom the Son makes free is free indeed ; " but is a man free when his con-science is tied by a certain set calling themselves Christians ? He is not; he is a slave, and that of the worst kind; for if he persists in being loyal to God, then he must suffer the penalty. He is called a law-breaker; he is put into prison; and if he still persists in being free in matters of religion, then stronger measures must be taken. The Sunday-law advocate has gone even so far as to threaten the use of the sword and the bullet if he does not have his way. But Christ said, "All they that take the sword shall perish with the sword." But to them that are persecuted for His sake He says : " Blessed are ye when men shall revile you, and persecute you, and Ł shall say all manner of evil against you falsely, for my sake. Re-joice, and be exceeding glad : for great is your reward in heaven." EAGLE BRAND THE Is unequaled f or House, Barn, Factory, or Out-Buildings, and costs half the price of shin-gles, tin or iron. It is ready for use, and easily applied by any one. Send stamp for sam- ples, and state size of roof. Address, EXCELSIOR PAINT AND ROOFING CO., DEPT., 9, 155 DUANE STREET, NEW YORE, N. Y. "EVERYBODY'S LAW BOOK Is the title of the new 768 page work prepared by J. Alexander Koones, L L. B., member of the New York Bar. It Enables Every Man and Woman to be Their Own Lawyer. It teaches what are your rights and how to maintain them. When to begin a law suit and when to shun one. It contains the useful information every business man needs in every State in the Union. It contains business forms of every variety useful to the lawyer as well as to all who have legal business to transact. Inclose two dollars for a copy, or inclose two cent postage stamp for a table of contents and terms to agents. Address, Benj. W. Hitchcock, Publisher, 885 Sixth Avenue, New York. 