406 AMERICAN SENTINEL. symbol of the papacy; and that this worship would be realized in the reception of that which the prophecy calls "the mark of the beast;" and further, that as the true gospel is a call to keep the commandments of God, so in this professedly gospel work which embraces the mark of the beast, a like claim is made with reference to the com-mandments of God. Let it be remembered that when this mark, and con-sequently the worship, is enforced, it will not be openly as the mark and worship of the beast, but professedly as the worship of God. As already shown in prey ions articles, anything else but that would be simply to expose the whole thing. It must be claimed as the work of God, although such a claim will be absolutely false. Now as the everlasting gospel calls upon all to "fear God and give glory to him, . . . . and worship him that made heaven and earth," etc.; and as this gospel is pro-claimed at the very time when by the enforcing of the mark the beast itself is to be worshiped, it will be per-fectly clear that the worship of God and of the beast can-not possibly be represented by the same mark. If such were the case it would be equal to saying that the beast is a symbol of God. This indeed would be most dishonor-ing. But this will be still more apparent when it is re-membered that the third angel warns against the wor-ship of thebeast and the reception of his mark. But God will certainly not punish those who worship him. Furthermore, if it should be that the mark of the beast is also the mark of God, it could not be distin-guished, so far at least as outward appearances are con-cerned, who it was that was being worshiped, God or the beast. Now, leaving out for the time being what has been said thus far in these articles with reference, to the ques-tion of what the mark of the beast is, let the reader bear in mind that whatever the mark is, it cannot be found anywhere in the Bible. If it could, it would not be the "mark of the beast, and the writing of the prophecy and the warning against it would be an absurdity, and an impeachment of the wisdom of the Holy Spirit, by whose inspiration it was written. In view of the fact that the gospel of Rev. 14:6, 7 is a call to keep the commandments of God, it will be well just here to recall a statement made in last week's article : "There is only one commandment in the decalogue over which there could possibly be any controversy of the nature brought to view in the prophecy under considera-tion." It was shown there that that commandment is the fourth. Now recall that which has been stated in this article, that in the very nature of things the mark of the beast is something that cannot be found in the Bible; and then recall too that the mark is enforced with reference to the commandments, and it will be still more evident that the controversy is narrowed down to the fourth command-ment. But what does the fourth commandment require? Simply that we keep holy the Sabbath day. Now it is a fact that for upwards of forty years a strong effort has been made, gathering strength year by year, until now there are millions of people, represented by various religious societies, committed to the move-ment, to have a day enforced as the Sabbath of the fourth Ł commandment which cannot be found in the command-ment itself, nor anywhere else in all of God's word; and that day is the Sunday. And SundayŠmark it well !Šis positively the onlyday sought to be enforced by civil law which has ever been called a mark. Concerning this day (Sunday) it is everlastingly true that in the Bible it is never called the Sabbath day; there is not a text which says directly or indirectly that at . any time it was to take the place of the SabbathŠthe day that God blessed and sanctifiedŠonly as such an attempt would be made by the "man of sin" (2 Thess. 2:3, 4; Dan. 7:25). Never does the Bible say that either Christ or the apostles ever kept Sunday as the Sabbath or Lord's day; nor is there the slightest proof that it was ever regarded as a sacred or holy day. And when those who for years have been at the head of this work for the enforcement of Sunday as the SabbathŠwhen they have been asked, and that, too, repeatedly, for such evidence, they have been forced to acknowledge that the Bible is silent concerning it. And this again proves that which in these articles has been abundantly proven, that Sun-day is not the mark of God, but the mark of the papacy. Lord Erskine on Religious Liberty. THE universal God of NatureŠthe Saviour of man-kindŠthe Fountain of all light, who came to pluck the world from eternal darkness, expired upon a crossŠthe scoff of infidel scorn; and his blessed apostles followed him in the train of martyr. When he came in the flesh be might have come like the Mohametan Prophet, as a power-ful sovereign, and propagated his religion with an uncon-querable sword, which even now, after the lapse of ages, is but slowly advancing under the influence of reason, over the face of the earth. But such a process would have been inconsistent with his mission, which was to confound the pride, and to establish the universal rights of men. He came, therefore, in that lowly state which is represented in the Gospel, and preached his consolations to the poor. When the foundation of this religion was discovered to be invulnerable and immortal, we find political power taking the church into partnership; thus began the cor_ ruptions both of religious and civil power, and hand in hand together, what havoc have they not made in the world!Šruling byignorance and the persecution of truth. Constraint is the natural parent of resistance, and a pregnant proof that reason is not on the side of those who use it. You must all remember Lucian's pleasant story:ŠJupiter and a countryman were walking together conversing with great freedom and familiarity upon the subject of heaven and earth. The countryman listened with attention and acquiescence, while Jupiter strove 