ALONZO 'I'. JON ICS, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, A. F. BALLENGER, - - ASSISTANT EDITOR. - - EDITORS. a/f any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, 1 Judge him not: for I Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World." VOLUME 9. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 27, 1894. NUMBER 38.  American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW Want.. Entered at the New York Post-Office. "THE infallibility of the pope "Šwhere does it come from ? and how does he get it ? THE claim of infallibility on the part of the pope, is but the plain and logical consequence of the other claims made on his part. THE claim of the headship of the Church of Christ, or of " the regency of God on earth," as is claimed by the pope and for the pope either of these logically de-mands that he shall claim infallibility also. BUT as we have seen, the claim of any such thing as a regency of God is su-premely ridiculous and blasphemous; and the claim that any other than " Christ himself " is head of his body, is preposter-ous and supremely immoral; so the claim of infallibility on the part of any man anywhere is the embodiment of all these. LET us examine this claim of the infal-libility of the pope. And in order to do this more fairly and fully, let us see what is the exact statement of the claim as officially and " infallibly " pronounced. Here it is :Š Wherefore, faithfully adhering to the tradition re-ceived from the beginning of the Christian faith, for the glory of God our Saviour, the exaltation of the Catholic religion, and the salvation of the Christian people, we, the sacred council, approving, teach, and define that it is a dogma divinely revealed: that the Roman pontiff, when he speaks ex cathedraŠthat is, when discharging the office of pastor, and teacher of all Christians, by reason of his supreme apostolic au-thority, he defines a doctrine regarding faith or morals to be held by the whole churchŠhe, by the divine assistance promised to him in blessed Peter, pos-sesses that infallibility with which the divine Re-deemer willed that his church should be endowed in defining doctrine regarding faith or morals: and that, therefore, such definitions of the said Roman pontiff are of themselves unalterable and not from the con-sent of the church. Consequently, Catholics believe that the pope is infallible when he teaches the faithful ex cathedra,  that is, "from the chair" of St. Peter, in matters of faith or morals.ŠCatholic Belief, p. 69. FROM this it is seen that there is no claim that infallibility attaches to the pope except when lie speaks "ex cathedra that is, from the chair of St. Pater ; " and he speaks " ex cathedra" only when he speaks (a) "as the father and doctor of all Christians ;" (b) " discharging the office of pastor and teacher of all Christians ; " (c) and then only as he speaks on a question of faith or morals. That iE to say : If he speaks or writes only as a priest, a bishop, or a theologian, he is not claimed to be infallible, nor is that which is so spoken or written claimed to be infallibly true. If he speaks about the weather, or the crops, or- the loss of his temporal power, or politics generally, or his plans and hopes concerning the United States and the world, or his great " love for Protestants" Šin none of this is it claimed that infalli-bility attaches to him or to anything that he says. It is only when he speaks on a doctrine " regarding faith or morals to be held by the whole church," that he or anything that he says is claimed to be infallible: and even then he or it is not infallible unless at the same time he speaks as the " father and doctor of all Chris-tians," and also " in discharge of the office of pastor and teacher of all Chris-tians," as the successor of St. Peter. All three of these elements are essential to ex cathedra, and ex cathedra is essential to his infallibility. And this is the doctrine of "the infallibility of the pope." THAT this analysis is correct, can be seen from the following statement of the case, by Cardinal Gibbons _ Bear in mind, also, that this divine assistance that makes him infallible is guaranteed to the pope, not in his capacity as a private teacher, but only in his official capacity, when he judges of faith and morals as head of the church. If a pope, for instance, like Benedict XIV., were to write a treatise on canon law, his book would be as much open to criticism as that of any doctor of the church. Finally, the inerrability of the popes, being re-stricted to questions of faith and morals, does not extend to the natural sciences, such as astronomy or geology, .unless where error is presented under the false name of science, and arrays itself against revealed truth. It does not, therefore, concern itself about the nature and motions of the planets. Nor doeS it regard purely political questions, such as the form of  government a nation ought to adopt, or what candi-dates we ought to vote for. . . What, then, is the real doctrine of infallibility ? It simply means that the pope, as successor of St. Peter, prince of the apostles, by virtue of, the promise of Jesus Christ, is preserved from error of judgment when he promulgates to the church a decision on faith or morals.ŠFaith of Our Fathers, pp. 147, 148. It is only fair to state also that from the dogma above quoted, as well as from the cardinal's statement of the doctrine, it is plain that the question of just what is embraced in the phrase, "faith or morals," is left wide open. So that whatever the pope chooses to say is faith or morals, that is faith or morals. Therefore as a matter of fact the question of how narrow or how wide the application of this infalli-bility is or may be, is left entirely to be decided as the wish of the pope, or the interests of the papacy may demand on the particular occasion of the application of the doctrine. It may be so narrow as to touch but one single point or phase of a single abstract question, or it may be so wide as to embrace every interest of man in all the relations of life pertaining to this world and the next. FROM the dogma itself and from the cardinal's statement of the doctrine, it is perfectly clear that it is not claimed that infallibility attaches to the man at all, who happens to be a pope, but that it attaches to the pope who happens to be a man. For instance, Joachim Pecci hap-pened to become a pope. When he was just plain Joachim Pecci and nothing else, no hint of a claim of infallibility ever attached to him. And if he had always remained plain Joachim Pecci no hint of any such thing, in the mind of anybody, would have ever attached to him. When he became " Father Pecci," a priest, it was the same way ; when he became Bishop Pecci, it was the same way; when he became Archbishop Pecci, it was still the same way ; and when he became Cardinal Peed, it was yet the same wayŠin none of these positions was any thought of infallibility ever connected with him in the mind of any-body. And if he had always remained in any one of these positions, no thought of infallibility ever would have been con-nected with him. IT is perfectly plain then, that outside 