AMERICAN SENTI/NTEL. 181 keep two Sabbaths in the same week, for there is but one Sabbath in the week, and he will observe it on the day which his conscience dictates. The law therefore forbids him to change his mind, and to forbid this is nothing less than a denial of his right to think; for the right to think amounts to nothing unless the individ-ual is free to utilize the results of his thought. And this is the nature of all religious laws: they are in the last analysis a denial of the right to think, and fittingly did they originate in an age of the world when this right was boldly denied by a church that ruled the na-tions, when free thought was stifled by the Inquisition, and the lamp of progress burned dimly in the thick gloom of intellectual darkness. The separation of church and state is wholly incom-patible with religious laws; and as the separation of church and state is a true principle of American gov-ernment, let this principle be adhered to and religious laws discarded. Such laws relate back to the Dark Ages, and can only obscure the light of truth and prog-ress with the gloom which they borrow from those times. Sunday Observance Agitation in Cleveland, Ohio. THE following discussion by clergymen of Cleveland, Ohio, upon the subject of Sunday enforcement in that city, was printed in the Cleveland Leader of March 13:Š "The Sunday observance crusade was discussed by the city ministers at their meeting Monday morning in the Y. M. C. A. building. "After the opening of the meeting Rev. Dr. L. H. Stewart, the first pastor called upon, and who *repre-sented the Methodist side of the question, besides being on the committee to learn the feelings of his people on the subject and to report at the meeting, said that until that moment he had forgotten that he was on the committee. However he made a speech upon the question. "Rev. E. E. Baker, who represented the Presbyteri-ans, was called for. Rev. Mr. Baker was not present and Rev. Dr. W. L. Pickard, as a representative of the Baptist Church, was called. "Rev. Dr. Pickard delivered a spirited address upon the subject. 'We have laws and some righteous laws,' said the Rev. Dr. 'Pickard. 'The law must be enforced, that those who are at the mercy and tyranny of men may have one day of rest. We wish to reinstate the Sabbath. I don't believe I will use the word reinstate, but establish, for I don't know that weever had one. We may discuss Sunday labor, the operating of street cars, steamboats, and Sunday newspapers, but what we want is the enforcement of the law. We have, cried out for,  personal liberty until there is no law, and law is needed in America. Give law, law, law, and then enforce, en-force, enforce.' "Rev. D. '1'. Thomas, who represented the Congrega-tionalists, sent, a letter in which he stated that the members of his congregation were in faver of the en forcement of the Sunday observance laws. Mgr. Thorpe,  of the Catholic Church, promised through a letter to lend his aid to the movement, and Dean Williams, of Trinity Episcopal Cathedral by the same expressed a like desire. "Rev. Henry W. Hulbert spoke for the Presbyterians. The point he made was that the crusade should be car-ried forward on the proposition of a day for physical rest, and that the religious side should not be brought too much to the front. "Business Agent Ferguson, of the Machinists Union, was present and discussed shorter hours for all machin-ists. Rev. Dr. Stewart desired that a motion be put, providing that the ministers should endorse the shorter hour work day. The motion was lost, Rev. Dr. Pickard stating that the matter should be looked into more carefully. "Sunday observance will be discussed in the church pulpits of the city on some Sunday in May. The follow-ing committee was appointed to arrange for this: Rev. E. E. Baker, Rev. Dr. W. L. Pickard, Rev. Dr. L. H. Stewart, Rev. D. T. Thomas, Mgr. Thorpe and Rev. Dr. G. H. McGrew." The Rev. Pickard's idea of making personal liberty subservient to law, as if the two were in antagonism, is worthy of note. The Declaration of Independence says that among the "unalienable rights" of all men, are "life, liberty,and the pursuit of happiness," and that governments are instituted "to preserve these rights." Hence the very purpose of law is to preserve personal liberty, against which this Baptist clergyman cries out. All just laws are in perfect harmony with the personal liberty of the people to whom they apply; but in the case of the Sunday law, "law" and liberty come into conflict. The Sunday law represents injustice, and injustice is never true law. We would recommend to the Rev. Mr. Pickard and others of like mind that they spend more time looking into the "perfectlaw ofliberty" mentioned by the apostle in Jas. 1:25. Promoting Morality by Law. Under the heading "An Attempt to Promote Mor-ality by Legislation," the New York Sun of March 6 dis.. cusses a bill now before the legislature of this State making adultery a misdemeanor and punishable as such. It seems that adultery in this State is not pun-ishable under the criminal code as it now stands. The Sun mentions a letter from Bishop Doane (Episcopal} of Albany, asking the Sun to cooperate with the bill, on the ground that "the State ought to assist the church to prevent sin;" to which the Sun replies that "the state has nothing to do with 'sin', which is `transgression of the law of God.' The state deals only with offenses against man and human society." The Sun's answer is certainly correct. The state has no business to join with the church to put down sin. To do so would be to join church and state, and restablish persecution. The state can however and 