356 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Items of W. C. T. U. History. BY MRS. S. M. L HENRY. I AM not quite sure of my dates, but I think it was that same summer of '75 'that a great temperance meet-ing was held on the fair ground at Bloomington, Ill., at which I was invited to speak for the growing boys of the nation; Hon. B. Gratz Brown, of Missouri, being an-nounced to give an address on "Prohibition." The Cold Water Armies of the State were invited, and came by special train from every direction, dressed in nobby little uniforms of navy blue, carrying rattans instead of guns, for we had before this time seen that the gun and the mil-itary maneuver were not in harmony with the principles of peace which we believed, and must be repudiated by us as an orgaidzation. The speakers of that meeting had arrived the evening before, and were taken in a carriage to meet the compa-nies of the C. W. A. as they arrived. The city was full of people; long before sunrise they had been pouring in from all the surrounding country, and Mr. Brown and I had the felicity of trying to make a crowd hear, which by act-. ual count of admission tickets (not for money, however), numbered more than twenty thousand. I state this to give my readers some idea of the interest that attached to the discussion of the temperance problem in those days. A little later in the annals of our work, Mrs. Beal, of Wisconsin, came forward with an improvement on the Cold Water Army idea in the "Band of Hope." At least, in some features it was an improvement; not entirely up to the need, however. But the work grew in spite of all blunders and apparent failures; until Anna Gordon and Mrs. Rice, who are now so well known by the children of the world, found out how to select and combine the best from all former organizations into the Loyal Temperance Legion, and we became satisfied that we had the most complete system for training the young idea that could be developed in our generation, at least. It has been the rule in the growth of the plan of work of the W. C. T. U. that one department calls for another almost ad infinitum; the limit of probable extension being found only at the boundary line of human needs. "Applied gospel" might well be the name given to all our methods. We believed the salvation of Christ to be the one panacea for all human ills, and purposed to bring it to bear on all those sore places upon the body, politic and social, which had not as yet been "mollified with ointment" through other channels. When we have found a field thoroughly occupied ,by the church in any direc-tion, we have not concerned ourselves so much with it; but we have believed ourselves especially called to supply the connecting links along the various lines of church effort, by which the truth, of which the church was the recognized depository, could be made practical to those who in every condition, rank, tongue, and nation the  world over were perishing for lack of it. Wherever the church in its regular methods had failed to reach the people. we must go; whatever it had neglected that sal-vation required we must perform; and when we found that for any reason the acknowledged teachers in any school of practical knowledge were withholding any es-sential truth from the people, then it was our office to promulgate that truth everywhere, anywhere that we could find ears to hear. We have gone on the principle that was recognized by Paul when he stated his purpose to know nothing but Christ. Dogma of any sort, any points of necessary dis-agreement among denominations, we were sure must be avoided in all our associations. Many of us have labored together from the first without as much as asking" What church do you belong to?" Christ as All and in all was a large enough theme for us, and upon this we were al-ways at one. No more interesting study could be opened to the analytic mind than that of the machinery of W. C. T. II. departments; finding the logical beginning of each, and tracing it out from thence through divisions and sub-di-visions as it has at last become manifest in local district, state and national methods. It would be a speedy means of learning a new lesson in charity by those who do not understand what are the motives of W. C. T. U. work, either because they have never had the opportunity, or have been too prejudiced. As we came partially at least to comprehend what was involved in physical ruin, the fact that Christ came to save the whole man to the uttermost assumed a new meaning; and "bodily religion" the "whole gospel for the whole man under all conditions," became as watchwords, and the old commission, "Go ye," took on an imperative mood, even in the lips of the most gentle of us all. In the work for the children we soon saw that those who most needed the teaching (if there could be any such distinction) were not being reached at all; and many were the questions which arose as to how we could get out to this little "every creature"Što the children of the un-christian and the unchaste, as well as the worldly, to whom temperance was a by-word. In our efforts to go out to this whole infantile world, the Band of Hoph was soon supplemented by a depart-ment of Sunday-school Temperance Instruction under the superintendence of Miss Lucia Kimball, of Chicago, who devoted many years of her bright beautiful life, to the most heroic efforts to win a place and recognition from ministerial bodies and Sunday-school lesson committees for temperance, as a real sound fruit of the Spirit; and when this had been in a measure accomplished, still there was left a large majority of the children who were hope-lessly entrenched behind an environment which we could not penetrate; and to an organization less determined, less fruitful in expedients and resources, less rich in the All-things of the Holy Spirit, the cause would have seemed lost, crippled, or at least lame beyond remedy. But we were too earnest to know discouragement, and 