"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS> AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. VOLUME 14. NEW YORK, AUGUST 31, 1899. NUMBER 34. Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional. .Vir Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay forit. (Entered at the New York Postoffice.) HE who leans upon the crowd for support, is likely to find himself sooner or later underneath its feet. No PERSON can be a follower of the Lord and a follower of the crowd at the same time. A TRULY Christian government must be one which rules by love and not by force; but if any civil govern-ment now upon the earth should attempt to proceed upon this principle of love, it could not carry on its functions a single day. When it is possible for a truly Christian government to be set up on the earth, God will set it up; and all efforts of men to make such a govern-ment out of any of the existing governments must utterly fail. ot As THE Bible is spiritual, and as spiritual truth must be spiritually discerned (1 Cor. 2:14), it follows that without a spiritual agency the Bible cannot even be understood by the people, much less enforced upon them as "the supreme law" of the 1 nd. And as no civil government has any spiritual agency at its command, it is only supreme folly for it to concern itself with the enforcement of Biblical rules of life. No MAN can be a citizen of two countries at the same time; he cannot give allegiance at one time to two inherent governments. A man cannot be a subject of 'Great Britain while he is a subject of the United States,  or of Germany, etc. But as the difference between two governments of earth is far less than the difference between any earthly government and the government of heaven, much less can any person be at once a citizen of earth and a citizen of heaven. Christ's kingdom is "not of this world." ot IT is not the power of the civil government that hinders the advance of the cause of righteousness in the earth, but the power of unbelief in the human heart. Overcome all the power of the governmentŠput an acknowledgment of God in its constitution, frame all its legislation in harmony with the strictest rules of rightŠand unbelief would still bar the way of the cause of Christ. But overcome this unbelief, and all the governments on earth, whatever their laws, could not hinder that cause for a moment. The attack of the forces of Christianity upon unrighteousness must be directed at the enemy that is intrenched in the heart. The Deceptive Spirit of Politics. A GREAT deception is upon the religious world, and this deception is steadily drawing the religious world towards the brink of irreparable disaster. To point out this impending danger which threatens at once both the church and the state, is a mission than which none could be greater or more urgent at the present time. The professedly Christian churches are in politics. Through politics they are seeking to advance the king-dom of God. By this we do not mean that they have joined hands with any political party, but that they have adopted political principles and methods. The spirit of politics has become diffused through their midst, and they see no conflict between this spirit and the spirit of Christian piety. They hail it as the spirit of righteousness and the agency of salvation. This is the great deception. 