312 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Vol. 4, No. 39. Anriticar2 OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA,-OCTOBER 23, 1889. NOTE.ŠNO papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribedifor it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the,same. THE California Prohibitionist, August 1, very wisely says:Š " If Cincinnati wants to settle the contest with the saloon in the easiest manner, let her close the saloons every day in the week as well as Sunday. There is no sense in allowing the traffic six days in which to get up muscle with which to fight the law on the seventh." THE Omaha, Neb., Bee, of September 25, has this item :Š " Rev. Wilbur Crafts, of New York, the travel-ing secretary of the New York branch of the Y. M. C. A. is in the city; and it was announced that he would deliver lectures yesterday afternoon and even-ing on the subject of Sabbath Observance.' In both the afternoon and evening the attendance was so light that it was deemed best to postpone the lect-ure indefinitely, which was done." REFERRING to the efforts of Italy to curb church interference in political matters, the Cath-olic Review says :Š "The new code consists of over four hundred ar-ticles, divided into three books, of which the only im-portant ones are those which refer to the clergy and the church. These are intended to muzzle effectively the mouths of priests and bishops, and because of their sacerdotal powers deprive them of their rights as men and citizens. The code will do this very nicely, and the clergy will not even enjoy the melan-choly French privilege of writing letters. This gives immense satisfaction to the devil and the sectarian press of America, who cannot see with what success this code will one day be turned against themselves." This shows something of the feeling which exists in Italy ; and it also shows that it has grown out of the principle of ecclesiastical inter-ference in politicsŠthe very evil which is being so assiduously cultivated by so-called Protestants at the present time in our own country. REFERRING to the Sunday-law agitation, the California Prohibitionist says:Š " It must be borne in mind that this is not a relig-ious movement in itself, or disposed to establish a union of Church and State. It simply recognizes a benign natural law that one rest day in seven is nec-essary to the highest welfare of body and mind, and seeks to bring the laws of the State into harmony with the natural law; not in order primarily that the cause of religion may be advanced, but that the citi-zen may be protected in his rights to a weekly cessa-tion from his life of toil, and that the character and power of his citizenship may be improved and strengthened by a regular day for recreation and self-improvement. The idea is that the State shall simply command a day of cessation from all public works except those of mercy and necessity. The manner in which the day shall be spent aside from the matter of labor, is to be left, entirely to the individual con-science." If it be indeed true that this is not a religious movement, how comes it that the prime movers in it are religionists ? When have ministers, as a class ever originated an'y movement in the inter-ests of either labor or health? Disguise the fact as they rtlay, it is none the less true that with the prime movers for. Sunday legislation the re- ligions charter of the day is the mainspring of action. What they want is not a day for rec- reation in the general acceptation of the word, but for religion; they think and say that when all the ordinary avenues of business and pleasure shall have been closed, the people will, to use their own words, "naturally gravitate toward the churches." THE Advance of August 29 says:Š "It will doubtless be a surprise to most of out: read-ers to learn what immense sums the Roman Catholics have been drawing from the national governMOnt for their Indian schools. The whole amount received by the Congregationalists for their schools among the Indians the past year was about $23,000. But the following figures, taken from the Dakota Catholic, show how much the Roman Catholics have received since 1884: 1884, $65,220 ; 1885, $113,614; 1886, $148,-744 ; 1887, $214,760 ; 1888, $244,677 ; 1889, $344,545 ; and this coming year they expect to draw $431,930. What would be the effect should the government wholly withhold its appropriations from all mission schools? This need not imply any hindrance put in the way of religious schools and missions sustained by the churches, nor that the government would be under any sort of obligation to employ as agents and teachers of Indians men and women who have no religion, or none to speak of." The suggestions so cautiously made by the Ad ranee, that it would be better for the government to withhold all appropriations from mission schools, is a good one. The effect would be that the In-dians would get much more and better religious instruction than they do now. The best thing the government could do for the Indians would be to teach them the arts of civilization, and allow those who have a teal burden for their spiritual welfare to teach them Christianity. A MAN named Conklin, whose :arrest in For-syth County, Ga., on a charge of Sabbath break-ing, was noted recently in Freethought, has just been tried, found guilty, and fined $25 and costs, which amount in all to $46.80. Conklin's offense was cutting wood on Sunday to cook a meal of victuals with. It was shown at this trial that all the people of that section are accustomed to work up their wood as they use it,-on Sunday or any other day, but Conklin is a Seventh-day,  Adventist. Ile observes Saturday religiously, and the neighbors thought that he was trying to displace the Sabbath of their forefathers, and therefore informed upon him and had him arrested. Conklin is described as a good and industrious citizen, who pays his honest debts and is respected by all as a man. It seems that works of neces-sity are allowable on Sunday in Georgia; that Conklin performed no other work than such as was admitted by all to be necessary, but the State's attorneys took a purely religious view of the matter, and prosecuted him, not so much for his offense against the State as for being a Seventh-day Freethought.  THE Christian Statesman, of September 12, refers with the highest approbation to the pub-lished report of the suppression of a base-ball game at Hamilton, Ohio, on Sunday, August 25. It says, " The good example should be widely published and everywhere imitated." We should like for some of the people who favor such actions as this to point out what there is about a base-ball game that is uncivil on Sunday any more than on any other day. No one pretends that the playing of a game of base-ball is uncivil in any sense. It cannot be shown that it is in any way uncivil on Sunday, and it is not because of any incivility in it that they propose to suppress it on Sunday. Nor is this all; the playing of  base-ball is not even irreligious. It is true that men who are not religious play base-ball. It is equally true that men who are religious, and strictly so, can play base-ball and still be relig-ious. Then it is not because the playing of base-ball is either uncivil or irreligious that they pro-pose to suppress it on Sunday; it is solely because Sunday is held by certain people to be a religious day, and that it is to be devoted to religious exer-cises; and as the playing of base-ball is not a re-ligious exercise, therefore it is not consistent with the religious observance of a day. Consequently the only purpose of the enactment and enforce-ment of Sunday laws is to enforce the observance of it as a religious day. It is to compel people who are not religious to pay religious tribute to those who pretend to be religious. But if the government is to do this in one thing when it is demanded, why not in everything else as it may be demanded, and have a thorough-going union of Church and State at once. That will be the inevitable outcome of a national Sunday law. Ł <- THERE is a conflict of opinion in this country as to whether the Sunday sermon or the Sunday newspaper is the most conducive to the mental health of the public, and as to which in the end will illustrate the inexorable law of " the survival of the fittest." As to the survival features of the question, I think the sermon and the Sunday newspaper are here to stay, at least so long as in either case the thing is a paying speculation. The serious phase of the subject is that the preachers are attempting to suppress the Sunday paper on purely religious grounds, that is, that its publication is an enemy of the Christian Sabbath, because thousands find pleasure in reading the Sunday editions instead of going to church. The editors of the secular press think they have as much right to deliver their papers on Sunday as the preachers have to deliver their sermons. This is a matter of greater importance to all classes and all sects than it seems on its-face, for the reason that if the ministers should succeed in suppressing Sunday newspapers, the suppres-sion of other great public necessities would follow, as, for instance, the street-cars, cable lines, ferry-boats, etc.ŠJewish Times and Observer. 4 Ł  -4 LAST April the field secretary of the American Sabbath Union wrote to the Chicago Advance these words :Š " The only defensible and practicable Sabbath re-form is that which uncompromisingly agitates for an impartial suppression of all Sunday work for gain, save works of real necessity and mercy." Yet the American Sabbath Union is asking for a law which shall exempt, so far as ordinary work is concerned, those who observe a day other than Sunday. Is it not then, according to its field secretary, asking for a law which is both indefensible and impracticable? THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - - $1.00 In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro St., OAKLAND, CAL. 