`g0O THE AMEARICAN SENTINEL. the theory advocated by this Association, which was first started in this country in 1863, by the small denomination known as the Reformed Presbyterians, the descend-ants of the old Covenanters of Scotland. How rapidly these illiberal, un-American, unpatriotic, and unchristian ideas are gaining ground may be judged by the following from the pen of Rev. T. DeWitt Talmage, in the "Ladies' Home Journal" for September, 1891. Writing of the people of East Hampton, Long Island, from his summer home at that place, he says :Š Think of the high state of morals and religion which induced this people, at an early day, at a political town-meeting, to adopt this decree: "We do sociate and conjoin ourselves and successors to be one town or corporation, and do for ourselves and our successors, and such as shall be adjoined to us at any time hereafter, enter into combination and confederation together to maintain and pre-serve the purity of the gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ, which we now possess." The pledge of that day has been fully kept. That document of two centuries ago reads strangely behind the times ; but it will be some hundreds of years yet before other communities come up to the point where that document stops. All our laws and institutions are yet to be Christian-ized. The Puritans took possession of this land in the name of Christ, and it belongs to him; and if people do not like that religion let them go some-where else. They can find many lands where there is no Christian religion to bother them. Let them emigrate to Greenland, and we will provide them with mittens; or to the South Sea Islands, and we will send them water-coolers. This land is for Christ. Our legislatures and congresses shall yet pass laws as radically evangelical as the venerable document above referred to. Such sentiments are disloyal to the spirit of a free government, and to the gospel of Christ, it matters not who utters them. Think of Christ who associated with publicans and sinners, who came to seek and to save that which was lost, ban-ishing men to Greenland, or to the South Sea Islands because he did not find them Christians, and of his condescending to promise to send them mittens and water-coolers in order to get rid of them! Is this the spirit of the gospel ? Are such utterances calculated to convert anybody ? Are infidels likely to be drawn toward the cross, or to behold the matchless charms of Jesus, by such statements ? Christ is not lifted up, nor does he draw men, in this way. He never assumed a cold, seclusive, and repellant attitude. He did once, through zeal for the Lord's house, drive the money changers and the traffickers from the temple, and it would not have an unsalutary effect if the money changers and speculators were driven out of the churches calling themselves by his name to-day ; but he never drove any one out of the Nation. Neither did he tell his dis-ciples to colonize and banish to regions unknown all not of their faith, who sought their shores. On the contrary, he bade them, " Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature." In the light of these facts the ques-tion is pertinent, What are we coming to?  No one can fail to see what will be the re-sult of having all our laws and institu-tions " Christianized." Those who do not conform to the ideas of those who Chris-tianize (?) them will be kindly told that they can go to Greenland, or the South Sea Islands, and, with the comforting as-surance of having a pair of mittens or a water-cooler, stay there till they die, or if they see fit to remain here, " abide the consequences." Again we ask, Is this the gospel ? W. A. COLCORD. Too Sensitive. Two Polish Hebrews were arraigned in Gates Avenue Police Court, in Brook-lyn, recently, on complaint made by a Catholic priest charging that on Sunday they run sewing-machines in their house to the great annoyance of his congregation, and the serious disturbance of divine service in the church. The Jews answered that they kept Saturday as a religious day, and claimed the privilege of working on Sunday. The Court held that they were right, and dismissed the complaint. These facts are stated by the Christian Advo-cate, which comments upon them thus :Š One who from principle observes Saturday as a day of rest is certainly entitled to pursue his calling on Sunday, provided he does not molest the wor-ship of others who observe Sunday as a day of re-ligious service; but it is a strange interpretation and application of the law which permits a man to disturb the devotions of his neighbors. One has no right to conduct his religious observances in such a way as to interfere with the worship of his neigh-bor. A Court in Cincinnati granted an injunction against the ringing of a Catholic Church bell at a certain hour on Sunday, because it disturbed a neighboring Methodist congregation engaged in worship at that hour. It is strange that it has not occurred to the Advocate that it is very unlikely that in this case there was any real disturb-ance. If sewing-machines were operated in the same building occupied by a wor-shiping congregation, and separated from them only by a thin partition, or single floor, the noise might constitute a real disturbance, but that such light machin-ery operated in another building disturbs a congregation is not at all likely, and seems scarcely possible. The trouble with Sunday disturbance is that a great many people are too easily disturbed when others dissent from them in religious faith and practice. The writer was formerly acquainted with a minister of the gospel, now deceased, who quite early in life joined the regular Bap-tist Church. Afterwards he commenced the observance of the seventh-day Sab-bath. At that time he was the publisher of a weekly paper somewhere in Wiscon-sin, and did part of the composition him-self. After beginning to observe the sev-enth clay, he very naturally devoted Sunday to setting type. His work was done in a back room on the second floor, but some people were very much disturbed  by it. The case of the two Polish Jews in Brooklyn is probably similar. Worshiping congregations, and indeed all sorts of orderly gatherings, should be protected from all real disturbance, not only on Sunday but on all other days; but the protection should be to the peace of the *hole congregation and not to the feelings of a few bigots in the congrega-tion, nor of some priest who feels that the world was made for him, and that no one ought to sneeze except as he (the priest) takes snuff. People who are disturbed by the running of sewing-machines on Sun-day are a little too sensitive, and the Ad-vocate ought to be in better business than encouraging them in their intolerance. We have never yet heard of the Jews asking anybody to suspend ordinary busi-ness in order that their worship may not be disturbed on Saturday, and they would only be laughed at if they made any such demand, and very properly so too. But if the large and influential bodies of re-ligionists are entitled to such protection, the Jews and seventh-day Christians are also, for the theory of our political system is that all men are entitled to equal pro-tection of the law. It is high time that people come to understand that dissenters do not exist in this country by tolerance, but by right; and that their rights are just as sacred, and ought to be just as jealously guarded by the Government, as the rights of the dominant sects. C. P. B. Legislation by Clamor. IT is already evident that one feature of the "new time" into which we are hasten-ing will be the subjection of legislatures to the pressure of groups of persons who are capable of controlling newspapers or combining votes. Under the old notions of legislation, the duty of legislators was to study carefully the details of proposed legislation, to debate and discuss measures, and so, by deliberation, to arrive at deci-sions as to what should be enacted. The notion was that the statesman should know what he intended to do, and should consider the proper means of reaching the desired result. This theory of legislation never has been very thoroughly put in practice anywhere, but now the idea seems to be that it is antiquated, that we do not intend to seek a more complete realization of it as a reform in legislation, but that we abandon it altogether. At the same time, therefore, that there is a vast extension of the field of legisla-tion, we abandon all sound traditions as to the method of legislative activity. Leg-islative bodies not only lay themselves open to be acted upon by outside influ-ences, but they submit to clamor more than to any other influence. The tend-ency can be traced through the legislation of France, England, and the United States, during the last twenty years. If 