.278 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. service," said the messenger, "and they have sent me to request a five o'clock meeting." I was tired from the incessant tabor of the meeting, but the thought that there were people hungry enough for the gospel to request an added meeting was refreshing. The Lord gave a theme while a brother minister opened the meeting with prayer, and there followed thirty minutes of witnessing to God's power to save. After the benediction, a brother hurried to the desk, and with face beaming with joy said: "The arrow of truth has done its work. Mr. , the infidel of the neighborhood, is under deep conviction, and is sitting yonder, weeping. Come and speak with him." "I am getting old, as you see by these gray hairs, and yet I am without an anchor," began the man. "I am helplessly drifting. I have tried to anchor in infi-delity and failed ; then I tried to find an anchor in Spir-itualism, but it does not satisfy." "What you need is the Saviour. Receive Him, and you will find an an-chor," I replied. "How asked the man. "Yield yourself to the Lord ; acknowledge your sins ; ask for forgiveness ; believe that He forgives, and He will re-ceive you. 'Him that cometh to Me I will in no wise cast out,' is His promise." "I cannot believe," was the reply. I have been accustomed to explain away the phenomena which you call faith, on psychological grounds, and I cannot believe." "I can," I replied. "Once I was a helpless, hopeless wreck, but the Lord has wrought a miracle in my life, and is giving me the victory over those things which once enslaved me. I know He can save, because He is saving me." "That is what impressed me," he added earnestly. "I see you have something in your life that I have not. You are anchored, while I am drifting." "Now, my brother," I continued ; "you acknowl-edge you are in need of salvation, and you believe that I have the very salvation that you need. Hadn't you better accept it, too ? If you should consult your trusted physician, and he should describe your afflic-tion accurately, and then prescribe a treatment which had resulted in his own cure, would you not be acting wisely to faithfully follow it ?" "Yes," was the reply. "Will you not then take the treatment which I pre-scribe, and which has,  healed me ?" "I will try," was the feeble response. Then we found a retired spot, and kneeling, he ac-knowledged his transgression and pleaded for pardon. Kneeling by his side, I watched the struggle with in-tense interest, and met each despairing cry of doubt with a promise of the Word. Presently he prayed, "Lord, I will act on the promise. I accept forgiveness. I am forgiven. But what did you forgive me for ? Will I fall back into my old sins again ? Will I get angry again ? Will I be profane ? I am afraid I will bring disgrace upon , Christianity. 0 Lord, I am  afraid." At this cry I placed an open Bible before his face, and asked him to read the following promise, which he read aloud, Slowly : "Fear thou not; for I am with thee. Be not dis-mayed ; for I am thy God. I will strengthen thee ; yea, I will help thee; yea, I will uphold thee with the right hand of my righteousness." Isa. 41 :1o. This Scripture completed the victory, and we re-turned triumphantly to find many of his Christian neighbors anxiously waiting the outcome of the strug-gle ; and ministers and people without regard to de-nomination, gathered around him to rejoice with him over his new-found hope. After thanking the Lord for the victory, I sat alone meditating over the meeting and its results. "What did I say that moved him ?" I queried. "All I did was to witness to the power of God to save. The witness was neither deep nor eloquent. It was the simple story, simply told." It was none other than the Holy Spirit that had done the work. He had taken the wit-ness I bore and given it power to convict and convince. "Ye shall receive power after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you." It is not civil law that the church needs to-day, but the convincing life. It is not power from Congress that is needed to save the world, but power from on high. Not a tarrying in the lobby of the legislative hall, but a tarrying in the upper room hard by the throne of God. Reader, do you hunger for power to convince the world of sin, and of righteousness, and of judgment? Then receive the promised power from on high. The need of thig promised power is illustrated by the fol-lowing possible scene : It is the ninth day, the day before Pentecost. Peter and John have left the praying company for a few minutes and are walking pensively down the street to buy bread for their companions. Suddenly they confront a priest who recognizes them and addresses them thus : PriestŠ"Well, if here aren't Peter and John. How glad I am to see you and to know that at last you are free from that awful delusion." PeterŠ"What delusion ?" PriestŠ"Why, the delusion that the Nazarene was the Messiah." PeterŠ"What makes you think we are free from that so-called delusion ?" PriestŠ"I should think you would be, now that He is dead." PeterŠ"Dead? No, indeed; He is not dead. He is risen, and is alive forevermore." PriestŠ"Nonsense ; He is dead, for I saw Him after He died. That resurrection story is a fraud. You, His deluded disciples, came by night and stole 