"Equal and Exact Justice to all Men, of Whatever state or 'Persuasion, Feligious or 'Political." VOLUME S. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 26, 1893. NUMBER 42. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. EDITOR, - - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN.  WILLIAM 11 MC KEE. WHAT is tolerance ? What is tolera-tion ? What is the innate feeling behind the thought of tolerance ? What is the mental state behind the express act of toleration ? Are these words expressive of Christian principle, or worthy Chris-tian sentiment ? TOLERANCE is endurance, or capacity for endurance, of that which is offensive in others,Šthe sufferance of the presence or existence of that, or of those, which, in the absence of this especial power, or as-sumed virtue, of tolerance, would be in-jurious and non-permissible. It presup-poses that those by whom this capacity or virtue is exercised through superior strength, either spiritual or physical, are able to submit, unharmed, to the exist-ence and presence of that, or those, which would be otherwise harmful. TOLERATION is the act of putting into practice this assumption of superiority. Yet, toleration is passive, not active, simply permitting through failure to pre-vent. It stands a silent, but always visible, protest. As tolerance presupposes that it would be better if those things did not exist which call for the exercise of the capacity; so, toleration assumes that through its intentional inaction those things are permitted, for the suppression of which both the natural right and the power exist, and are in the possession of the tolerating agent, though unexercised. IN order to realize the possession of tolerance,Šthe capacity of toleration, Šit is necessary that there should be preexist-ent an innate feeling of superiority, and in religious matters a Pharisaical sense of being holier than the tolerated. The prim-ary feeling, then, is that of the superior to an inferior, and not only to one who is inferior but an inferior possessing quali-ties, not only undesirable and disagreeable  but very likely to be, in greater or lesser measure, dangerous. The innate feeling, therefore, behind the thought of tolerance, in religion, is one of unmistakable Phari-saism. WHEN the capacity for tolerance has reached its expression in the exercise of toleration; when the tolerant religionist has by sufferance permitted the existence and observance of some other creed than his own, the mental state of the full-blown Pharisee has been reached. There is the pride of superiority combined with the haughty spirit which is developed through the exercise of that superiorityŠmingled with, what is the necessary con-comitant of haughtiness, contempt for the tolerated. Such a condition of mind as this necessitates hypocrisy. In order to maintain the assumption which has been made, virtues which are not possessed must be assumed, and the consummate flower of the highest and most perfect hypocrisy is reached. In that expression the mental state of the religionist who professes tolerance is summed up,Šhypoc-risy. So sublimely self-assured is this hypocrisy that it is wont to flaunt itself as the noblest and highest virtue of those in-dividuals who profess its form of so-called Christianity, and of those people who con-stitute what it calls " Christian nations." Do these words express Christian prin-ciple ? Are the sentiments which they embody such as characterize Christian people ? Do not these words express principles and sentiments held by a false Christianity ? They most certainly do. No Christian man will assume to tolerate, or not to tolerate; that is not his sphere. His place is to carry the message of the gospel to men, whether they receive it or deny it, and leave the rest with God, for-bearing to judge lest he himself be judged. He who tolerates his neighbor must neces-sarily judge his neighbor, and that is contrary to the express command, " Judge not !" No Christian will say to his brother, " I am better than thou." He knows that man cannot read the heart; and discrimination which requires that the heart of man shall be read is a prerogative of God. Against those who presume to usurp this prerogative the most terrible denunciations of divine wrath are leveled.  Those who exalt themselves, and justify themselves in their own eyes and before men, will surely be abased, for God knows the hearts of all. It is such as these which are described in that scripture which speaks of " certain which trusted in them-selves that they were righteous, and despised others." It is one of the first principles of the Christianity which Christ taught to love one's neighbor as oneself, but tolerance and toleration, are words expressive of the very opposite principle,Šselfishness and discrimination against one's neighbor. IT is a cardinal principle of biblical doctrine that all men are equal in the sight of God, and that he is no respecter of persons, but the doctrine of toleration supposes that he who assumes to tolerate is superior, in the sight of God, to his fel-lows, and that divine partiality has singled him out to be the instrument through which God's will is to be expressed and enforced upon earth. And the supposition of tolerance is, that this recipient of di-vine favor is so fully possessed of the vicegerency of God upon earth that he acts under the seal and signet ring of Di-vinity and by virtue of delegated omnipo-tence speaks and acts for God, and among his fellows has the power and authority of God, and is God. He then, who assumes to tolerate, is guilty of the assumption of divine right and is a pretender to the throne of God. This is not an expression of the principles or sentiments of Chris-tianity but of its great antagonist, the " mystery of iniquity." At first the pos-session of a spirit of toleration and the ex-ercise of toleration is claimed as a virtue; this is but a cloak to hide the iniquity which is to follow, when, under the plea that the time has come when " toleration ceases to be a virtue," fanaticism, bigotry and religious prejudice run riot, and he who takes his neighbor's property or his neighbor's life, in the name of religion, thinks he does God service. ALREADY in this country, which for a hundred years has been the last refuge on earth of religious freedom, the leading organized religionists have come to the point where they are ready to say that " toleration is no longer a virtue ; " and, 