gd AmERIOAN f4V1 VINEL. VOL. 8. No. 11. all classes, and to all questions of religious faith and practice. Before closing, I must come to the defense of " Presbyterian elders," and Christian people generally who take the Sunday newspapers, ride on Sunday trains, etc. I have heard these people much condemned in the convention just held for the purpose of inducing your honorable body to preserve the law of 1794. These men are not more wicked than men of a century ago. They have learned more of the facts concerning Sun-day and have come to believe that it is not a sacred day. They have learned that the Bible does not declare Sunday work to be a sin. They do not fear that God will forge lightning to smite them if they do advertise in Sunday papers. This is the deeper meaning of the growing disre-gard for Sunday among Christian men. It is neither honest, charitable, nor Christ-like to denounce them as " hypo-crites " and "greedy sinners," for rejecting the false claims of Sunday. California and a National Sunday Law. THE Sunday-law effort in the present legislature of California made its appear-ance in the form of a petition. The fol-lowing is a copy of the petition :Š To the California House of Representatives of 1893: We, the undersigned, citizens of the State of California, twenty-one years of age and over, most earnestly petition your honorable body to enact a law forbidding all Sunday traffic and work, as well as all coarse and noisy amusements on that day of the week; making suitable exception for works of necessity and mercy, and for private work by those who religiously and regularly ob-serve another day of the week by abstaining from labor and business on the same. The petition bears the well-known stamp of the American Sabbath Union. It was expected that the union's agents would make a strong pull at this session. Their three years campaign in the State, at the close of which they confidently promised their supporters a Sunday law, has been zealously though quietly prosecuted. They had no doubt of their ability to educate the people up to that point in three years' time. The boast was that the union never had made a failure, and never would. But it can now record one defeat at least. The Sunday-law measure did not stand half the chance at the session this year that it did two years ago; this time it was not even honored with an in-troduction. The attempt to call it out by petition heard no favorable response but its own echo. Yet Sunday fares as well in California as in any other State. The bitter pill with the Sunday-law criers is that they have no opportunity to put their opponents in the chain-gang. The special mark of the Sabbath Union lies in the religious requirement. They have always claimed that they only asked a civil rest day, but their dictum that those who observe another day shall do so religiously " invariably discovers that the move is a religious one, and its pur-pose the enforcement of a religious tenet by the power of civil law. They well know that the masses of the people, as well as intelligent and capable lawmakers, are not blind to the fact that the civil government has no legitimate business to interfere with the religious scruples of the people, either to enforce or restrain; therefore they have so far endeavored to dress the Sunday-law movement in a civil garb, with a garniture of solicitude for the physical well-being of the working- man. But the requirement that those who observe another day shall observe it " religiously " and " regularly " so, shows that such is the design for Sunday ob-servance. The logical point is that men should be compelled to be religious at least one day in the weeks  and that the State is the proper authority to see that such duty is performed. Should the legislature lend its aid to such a scheme, it becomes the abettor of two gross evils. First, it legalizes a process ostensibly to inculcate morals, but which can only result in making many hypocrites. Secondly, it places in the hands of bigots and fanatics a weapon with which they can persecute those who do not agree with them in the matter of true Sabbath observance, to an almost unlimited extent. And we know from the example of some other States that such men are not lacking when the oppor-tunity is presented. And, furthermore, when the door is once opened to legislation of a religious character, the demand will not cease with the first success. The tendency already is forcibly to set aside everything that comes in the way of ambitious churchmen and church work. And, surely, if the right exists to say what men shall do religiously on any particular day of the week, there is no reason why other and further de-mands shall not be enforced at the call of the same influence that should secure the first step. But some will say there are Sunday laws in nearly all the other States, and only in a few of them have such perse-cutions arisen, and it is designed here to exempt the class that have been perse-cuted in those States. But it should be borne in mind that the American Sabbath Union is a New York corporation organ-ized for the very purpose of securing more stringent enforcement of State Sunday laws, and making those laws more strin-gent in their provisions. And to this end a part of their programme is to secure the enactment of a national Sunday law so that the general Government will not in any of its operations infringe upon the State laws. And our legislature should bear in mind that a California Sunday law is a promi-nent factor in the effort for a national law. And this is why the agents of the American Sabbath Union (the California branch) are so zealously working to secure a State law. California stands almost alone among the States as having no such law, and hence is a barrier to the design of presenting before Congress the argu-ment of a unanimity of the States on the Sunday-law question. Therefore the im-portance to the union of securing some-thing, be it ever so mild at present, that can be called a Sunday law. But when the national law shall have been secured, then, according to the programme, will come a general stiffening up on the part of the States in the matter of enforced Sunday observance. The California legislature should never become a party to any such sinister scheme against the rights and lib-erties of the people.ŠSigns of the Times. WHEN argument takes the place of epithet hurling the victory of right prin-ciples  will dawn, for epithets may be hurled by any one,-but sound argument is possible only on the side of the right.ŠPeabody Reporter. For the Repeal of a Sunday Law. JANUARY 10, Hon. John Wacek, of Prague, Minn., member of the Minnesota, legislature, introduced in the lower House of that body a bill for the repeal of three sections, Sections 225, 227, and 229, of the Minnesota Sunday law. The circumstances which led to the in-troduction of this bill were as follows : Certain petty prosecutions for violations of the Minnesota Sunday law had come up recently before Mr. Wacek, as city justice in the town of Prague, which he dismissed without a hearing. Upon this, a minister of the place came to him and said, " I thought you kept the Lord's day." "Indeed I do," he replied, "but I do not propose you shall enforce your religion upon somebody else, because you believe so and so." This seemed to cause Mr. Wacek to appreciate the real nature of Sunday laws, and prompted him to intro-duce the bill referred to. It is not quite a clean sweep of the State Sunday law, but is a movement in the right direction. Its object is evidently in the interests of religious liberty and opposed to bigotry and intolerance. In view of these facts the following reso-lutions were passed at the Religious Lib-erty institute then in progress at Minne-apolis :Š Believing that it is the duty of the State to pro-tect liberty of conscience, and that this is the limit of its authority in matters of religion ; thereforeŠ Resolved, That it is the sense of the Minnesota branch of the National Religious Liberty Associa-tion, in convention assembled, at Minneapolis, that all religious laws or measures looking toward the pforcement of religious rites or institutions by the State, should be repealed ; and furtherŠ Resolved, That we favor the passage of the bill now before the legislature of Minnesota, intro-duced by Mr. Wacek, known as H. R. 42, being a bill to repeal those sections of the penal code relat-ing to labor, sports, and traffic on Sunday. This quotation is from the Home Mission-ary for February. The St. Paul corres-pondent of the Review and Herald of the date of February 22, says The fight here for freedom of conscience is mov-ing on. Many are becoming interested in the Wacek bill, which proposes to repeal three sections of our Sunday laws. We believe this is a move in the right direction and sent petitions throughout the State. One section asked to be repealed is what is called the Barber's law. As was expected, this aroused a spirit of opposition from that source. We took occasion to send out a petition favoring the repeal, with some Religious Liberty literature to over three hundred boss barbers in the State, with a letter addressed to each. Yesterday a letter was received from one of these, who said he received signatures from everybody in the village. He said: "I see the same spirit of persecution is here in Minnesota that is in Tennessee. The head of that viper should be crushed. I am glad to stand by you in the fight." . . . Another bill was introduced, the 9th inst.,which makes Sabbath-break ing a misdemeanor punishable by a fine of $100, ninety days imprisonment or both. This in-creases the fine, ten, and the imprisonment, eight fold over what the law now provides. It seems as though this bill was an aid rather than a hindrance to us in our work. This is precisely the same thing as oc-curred in Pennsylvania. The attempt to do away with certain of the Sunday laws of that State, and reduce the fine affixed to the Allegheny-  County law, was fol-lowed immediately by an active effort on the part of the religious legislationists to have the penalties to the State Sunday laws increased. In that case, also, it was thought that this exhibition of enthusiasm for persecution had opened the eyes of some to the true animus of the movement. However this may be, the agitation cer-tainly serves for education, and in this campaign the watchword is, " Educate! " " Educate! " 