MARCH l•, 1893. AMMIZICAN gn:KPritNmr.,. ss OS,  commonwealth, they therefore pray that so much of the "act for the suppression of vice and immo-rality," etc., as imposes a penalty on them for working on the first day of the week, may be re-pealed. This memorial was based on Section 3, Article 9, of the State constitution, which reads:Š All men have a natural and indefeasible right to worship Almighty God according to the dictates of their own consciences; no man can, of right, be compelled to attend, erect or support any place of worship, or to maintain any ministry against his consent; no human authority can, in any case whatever, control or interfere with the rights of conscience ; and no preference shall be given, by law, to any religious establishments or modes of worship. Religious men of all classes, joined in petitioning the legislature that this ex-emption be granted to the Seventh-day Baptists. The matter was laid over from Jan. 2 to Feb. 5, 1794; and there is good evidence that the exemption would have been granted but for one circumstance. The petition for exemption was re-ferred to a committee, of which James McLene, who represented Franklin County, was a member. He was a Scotch-Irish Presbyterian who was fanatically opposed to everything connected with Roman Catholicism. Through a strange ignorance of the facts, McLene had de-termined that the Seventh-day Baptists were Papists in disguise, to whom no quarter should be granted. His persistent intolerance gained the victory, and the committee reported against the exemption. On the 22nd of April, 1794, under such influences, the present law was enacted. The Seventh-day Baptists and others have suffered persecution under it from timeto time for a century, not because of evil, but because personal spite, or petty am- bition has enabled intolerant enemies to cause their arrest and punishment for quietly working on their farms. A law which makes such wrongs possible ought not to abide the light of the closing years of this century. Perhaps " exemption " was all that could be hoped for in the shadows of 1794; but is is too late now to ask for less than repeal, for, as I proceed to show, the law violates the fundamental rights of all men and the fundamental doctrines of religious liberty. THIS LAW IS UNCONSTITUTIONAL RELI-GIOUS LEGISLATION, WHICH OUGHT TO BE REPEALED. Those who seek to evade this fact say: " The law does not compel men to attend church, nor be religious." This is an evasion. The law forbids " worldly em-ployment or business on the Lord's day." " Worldly" has no meaning here except as opposed to " sacred; " this word, as contrasted with the next, " Lord's day," has no meaning except it be a day sacred to the Lord, a day specially set apart for his service, and in the interest of religion, and as contrasted with other days not so devoted. The term " Sabbath,"Šso com-monly used in this discussion, but which legislators dare not use in legal enactment lest the law apply to Saturday and not to SundayŠhas no meaning except as a day which men should hold sacred to God. The law of 1794 assumes that it is wrong, is irreligious, sinful, to pursue " worldly " affairs on Sunday; the crucial point in the law is that it forbids certain things on Sunday which may be done on any other day without hindrance, because it is not wrong or irreligious to do them on other days. The things prohibited are not wrong per se, but only wrong at a certain  specified time, which the law declares to be the " Lord's" time. To say that such a law does not enforce a religious duty, is to deny the plainest facts of history and the clearest meaning of words. And more ! no Sunday law has been enacted from the"pagan law of Constantine in 321 A. D. to the late national provision touch- ing the opening of the Columbian Exposi-tion on Sunday, which did not spring from religious sentiments, and aim at preventing irreliglous actions. When the friends of Sunday wish to evade the claims of Saturday, the Sab-bath, according to the Bible, they declare that the law of God, in the fourth com-mandment of the Decalogue, does not designate a specific day of the week, but only any seventh day of rest after six days of labor. This is the latest and most popular interpretation of God's Sabbath law. Grant this, not as fact, but for the sake of the argument. By what right then does the law of Pennsylvania go so far beyond the law of God ? Who gave the legislature of 1794, under the lead of James McLene, the right to declare that all men in the commonwealth shall cease from all worldly business on a specific day in each week ? Was James McLene, with his fierce anti-papistic intolerance, coupled with an ignorance which kept him from knowing the difference between a Seventh-day Baptist and a Roman Catholic, a better religious guide than " Moses, the man of God ? " If the Bible does not fix the Sabbath on any specific day, shall the State of Pennsylvania, in the face of its constitution, which declares that " No preference shall be given by law to any religious establishment or modes of wor-ship" assume to determine what these men say the Bible forbids, by declaring that Sunday, a specific day, is the Sab-bath ? May this commonwealth visit fines and imprisonment on upright citizens because they practice what those who desire to retain this law say the Bible teaches, but what they themselves incon-sistently deny when they plead for the law ? Tested by popular assertions used to push Saturday out of sight, Pennsyl-vania has no right to go beyond protecting each man in Sabbatizing on any day he may choose. So far, these advocates of the law of 1794 are right, even though such arguments, invented to ward off the claims of Seventh-day Baptists, logically destroy all Sunday legislation. BASED ON FALSE CLAIMS. But a stronger indictment remains. The law of 1794 is based on false claims. It assumes that Sunday is the Sabbath according to the Bible, and that men sin against God who "desecrate it." What-ever the men of 1794 may have thought, every man who has looked into this mat-ter knows that is not the fact. The Bible designates the " seventh day " as the Sabbath. That this means the seventh day of the week is shown by the fact that the Jews who received the law, so under-stood it, and have kept it in unbroken succession to this day; and also the fact that Sunday, " the first day of the week," can be located only by its relation to Saturday, the seventh day of the week. There is not a word or hint in the Bible about the transferring of the Sabbath law to Sunday or the " change " of the Sabbath. The modern theory of sudh transfer and change did not appear' in history until the English Reformation, when it was invented as a compromise between the theory of the English  Seventh-day Baptists and that of the Roman Catholics. The "first day of the week" is mentioned but a few times in the New Testament. It is never spoken of as sacred, as the Sabbath, or as being in any way worthy of religious regard. Its ob-servance is never connected with Christ's resurrection. The term " Lord's day" occurs but once in the New Testament, and there is no evidence that Sunday was then referred to. There is no definite proof that the term was applied to Sunday until one hundred and seventy years after Christ. In the face of such facts it is difficult to understand how men of this day can continue to assume what we can perhaps, forgive in the men of one hundred years ago. Similar facts appear in the history of Sunday legislation. The earliest law, that of Constantine, 321 A .D., is wholly pagan in form and fact. It mentions the day only as the "venerable day of the sun."  There is not a trace of Christianity in the law. Sunday legislation did not begin as a part of Christianity. Gradually it com-bined Christian with pagan elements. The- term " Lord's day ' does not appear until 386 A. D., in a law of Gratian, Valentinian, and Theodosius; and the term " Sabbath," as applied to Sunday, does not appear in civil law or ecclesiasti-cal literature until the Puritan Reforma-tion in England, three hundred years ago. The assumption which underlies the law of 1794 ignores these facts. Historic honesty demands its repeal. In conclusion, Mr. Chairman, I ear-nestly and respectfully ask you to consider the repeal of this law of 1794, because, (a) It contravenes the fundamental principle of religious liberty. (b) It has always wrought injustice to those who observe the SabbathŠSaturday. (c) It is unjust toward those who do not believe that they ought to cease from legitimate work on any particular day, for religious reasons. (d) It rests on the false assumption that Sunday is the Sabbath, and that it is sinful to do on that day that which may be done on Monday without thought of wrong. (e) It hinders the cause of genuine Sabbath reform by teaching men to rely on the civil law in matters which belong only to the Word of God and the decisions of religious conscience. (f) It weakens and destroys conscience toward God by putting human authority, resting on false claims, before the divine law. Permit me also to repeat that, in asking for repeal, I would remove no restriction against the evils which come with Sunday as a day of leisure; evils which Sunday laws help to create by enforcing leisure upon the irreligious. I would inaugurate new and more rigid legislation against saloons, gambling, impurity, rioting, and everything of this kind. I plead for -a higher conception of Christianity and of Sabbath-keeping than civil law has given, or can give. I ask for a just and helpful application of Christian principles to all, regardless of creed. This is not a ques-tion of majorities, but of God-given rights. It is a question of truth and facts, not creeds and traditions. It is a question of principles, not of the percent-age of opinions. That legislation best be-fits this great commonwealth, bearing the honored name of William Penn, which best attains a broad Christ-like application of the principles of religious freedom to 