440 THE SENTINEL OF LI13-ER-rv. and the ample scope which it leaVes for the spiritual reign of Christ over the minds, consciences, and hearts of men, are strong reasons for believing it correct. When truth is discovered, it is commonly found to be simple and harmonious. When the various duties and relations of men are clearly apprehended they will be seen to be self-consistent and indubitable. Petition to the Premier of New Zealand. By People Suffering Religious Persecution in. Raro-tonga, Cook Islands. The following copy of a petition to the premier of New Zealand, by natives of Raratonga, an island of the Cook group, has been sent us by Dr. J. E. Cald-well, who is in charge of the Medical Mission estab-lished there by the Seventh-thy Adventists. It is a plea for such aid as the New Zealand premier can ren-der by his influence as a high official under the British crown, in relieving a people suffering religious per-secution at the hands of other people under British au-thority. Since it was prepared a great and calamitous change has, if reports be true, come over the situa-tion in the island; peace has given place to war, with its accompaniments of murder and destruction. How far this terrible change may have resulted from the persecution inflicted upon the natives, as the petition sets forth, we cannot yet say ; but it is directy trace-able to the recent innovation of establishing Sunday by law in the place of the seventh day, contrary to the preferences and life-long custom of the people. And most certainly also this armed resistance by the natives has been altogether contrary to the teaching and counsel of those who have stood by the natives in their adherence to seventh-day observance :Š Raratonga, May, 190o. To the Rt. Hon. Richard Seddon, Premier of New Zealand: Sir :ŠIn my possession are a few facts familiar to the people dwelling on Raratonga, to which I am ready to call your attention, in behalf of humanity, for so far as I am aware they have never been reported outside of Raratonga either in official dispatches or by newspaper correspondents. I have the honor to be a representative of the Sev-enth-day Adventist Mission established in the Cook Islands six years ago. I came here in response to an invitation of the Parliament of Cook Islands extended in 1893 to our society to send to this group a physi-cian. I have no personal grievances which I care to mention to you,Šno political ambition to serve,Šand the religious principles which I hold in common with those of nearly every member of the society which I represent are such that I' cannot take an active part in any political agitation either for or against the pres-ent administration. But Saint Peter tells us in his first general epistle that governments are instituted in  the prOVidence of God foilthe -ffpunishment of evil-doers, and for the praise of them that do well." Ina my opinion, this government is not accomplishing that end for the natives, therefore, in order that the peo-ple generally, and our fostering government in par-ticular, may not be in ignorance of real conditions-prevailing in this dependency, and hoping that, being, known, the evils may in some way be corrected, I deem it my duty to inform you that for nearly six.. months shocking intimidations and religious perse, cutions have been practiced on this island to such am extent as to make it a discreditŠeven a cause for shameŠto the protectorate, in the eyes of those who. know the facts. I will here attempt to mention only a few isolated facts as they have come to my notice. A house of worship erected by natives independent of any society, on land, owned by an Ariki who was in sympathy with those who built it, was condemned by another Ariki, threatened to be burned down, and, afterward had its doors nailed up by the police, as it remains at the present time, depriving its owners of its use. Six deacons and one native missionary belonging: to the London Misionary Society's church were fined. for their refusal to attend the meetings of that church in its regular worship, and for meeting for worship in-stead in their own home district prayer meeting houses, on a day different from that of the L. M. S. meetings. These services were entirely independent of the serv-ices of any rival society. That this was religious per-secution may be seen from the fact that the court discriminated between the deacons and the native pas-tor, fining the deacons four pounds sterling each, and" the native pastor five pounds, for the same offense. Between thirty and forty individuals were assem-bled in a group by court summons and fined one pound' ten each, while a deacon in the same group was fined two pounds ten, all for a similar offense to that above described. Two mataiapos (high chiefs) were fined one pound ten each for giving sympathy and aid to a movement to build a house of worship independent of the L. M. Society's authority, though at that time they were-entirely independent of any rival society. When one of the two yielded and agreed to follow the Ariki matters of religion, his fine was remitted. After sev-eral weeks the other one was excused from paying his fine upon his yielding to the continued demand of his -high chiefs to forsake the assembly of those who con-tinued to worship according to the long established custom of the people of the group. Three mataiapos were berated by an Ariki not their own (some say that this was without precedent among natives) under the charge of having trampled' 