202 AMERICAN SENTINEL. ities around them, that they are involved in hope-less imprisonment. "(d) That with regard to the structural arrange-ments of conventual buildings, many of them are surrounded by high walls, that both the entrance and the inner doors are trebly secured, and that underground cells are known to exist; showing that all possible means are used for giving effect to the canon law of the church of Rome, which inexorably insists that nuns be made veritable prisoners for life. This law enacts, `That nun-neries be carefully closed and egress forbidden to the nuns under any pretext whatever without episcopal license,' i. e., of those who are deeply interested in keeping them where they are. Fur-ther on it is stated that 'if a nun of her own ac-cord throws off her habit [desirous of returning to her natural life] no allegation should be heard, but being compelled to return to the Convent, they must be punished as apostates." This law is supreme in every enclosed convent in Your Maj-esty's dominions. "(e) That the knotted cord disciplines are used more or less in all Convents, and the more austere orders use the steel-spiked wire whips, called iron disci-'plines, and other terrible instruments of torture. "(f) That nuns, being under vows, are not free agents. The will of the Superior is in all Con-vents absolute, and all correspondence to and from the Convent is read by her or by one whom she may delegate ; and all communications not approved by the Superior are withheld, mutilated or destroyed, as she may determine. Generally an iron grating, built in the wall, separates the nun from her visitor, whilst close by stands an-other nun, to hear every word, and spy upon every action passing between them. Thus, free intercourse is rendered impossible, and no nun has the opportunity of making known to her friends ithout, any wrong from which she may be suffering. "(g) That nuns have been transported from the Brit-ish Isles against their will; your Majesty's memo-rialists therefore plead that the deportation of nuns from English Convents to afflliaŁted institu tions on the Continent should be made impossible without due registration and license from the civil authorities. "(h) That private burial grounds being attached to Convents, in which interments have been seen to take place at night, and having regard to the fact that there is no specific registration existing of the names and numbers of the inmates, the Con-vent authorities have great facilities for avoiding the holding of coroners' inquests, and for evading the provisions of the burial laws. "(1) That theŁ inspection of prisons, lunatic asylums, factories, workshops, etc., has brought comfort and liberty to many thousands of Your Majesty's subjects; while Convents in Great Britain, unlike those even in Roman Catholic countries, are exempt from any kind of state supervision. "(j) That your memorialists are mindful of the bene-fits conferred under British rule, upon your Maj-esty's Indian subjects by the abolition of a long established religious rite, called Suttee, whereby, Hindoo widows, under the delusion that they  would thereby attain eternal beatitude, immo-lated themselves upon the funeral pile of their de-ceased husbands, causing hundreds of lives to be sacrificed annually, which abolition resulted in giving general satisfaction to Your Majesty's Sub-jects. They are therefore absolutely convinced of the necessity for equally stringent laws being passed to prevent practices not less unnatural and cruel and withal of life-long duration inseparable from Convent life. "Your Majesty's memorialists therefore humbly pray that Your Majesty may be graciously pleased, in the circumstances above stated, to cause a search-ing inquiry to be made into the system and prac-tices of all conventual establishments within your realm, and to institute such public control over them, as shall preclude the possibility of any of your subjects immured therein, being deprived of the benefit and protection of Your Majesty's laws. "And your memorialists will ever pray." Ł Ł Ł Repudiating the Act Against Sectarian Appropria- tions. EDITOR AMERICAN SENTINEL : THE case of Ellis H. Roberts, Treasurer of the United States, appellant, vs. Joseph Bradfield, was argued in the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia, on the 8th inst. The remarkable feature of the argument was contained in a printed pamphlet bound with the brief of the appellant, and signed by Henry E. Davis. attorney of the United States for the District of Columbia, and D. W. Baker, his assistant, both of whom were designated by the attorney-general to act as counsel for treasurer Roberts. Referring to the act of Congress of March 3, 1897, in so far as it declares against sectarian appropria-tions, they say:Š "The bare declaration in regard to the policy of the government is not in itself an enactment, and really means nothing. It was put in the act to appease certain outgoing members of Congress, who for years had clam-ored against so-called sectarian institutions and secta-rian appropriations; and possibly the framers of the act knew themselves that it meant nothing; while those who were pleased with the declaration were not wise enough to know its effect." What De Lome said about President McKinley was less reprehensible than the foregoing asseition; because this assertion is made by the duly-accredited attorneys of the Executive Department, imputing equivocation, mental reservation, and moral torpitude to the latter. I called on Treasurer Roberts this morning and asked him to repudiate the words and the sentiment they convey; but after reading the language in the brief, he declined to repudiate it." JOSEPH BRADFIELD. Washington, D. C., March 10. "HOWEVER natural veneration for ancient laws, cus-toms, or usages may be, no man of principle can uphold them when he knows them to be wrong in themselves." 