172 AMMRICAN SgNTINEL. a religious or any other laudable motive. I think such action would be a move that would show a remarkably advanced state of religion and morality. But, on the other hand, if the amount of religion and morality of the exhibitors is measured by the amount of law which supports it, it is a shame and a disgrace to American civilization and American Christianity. A law to compel the opening of the the Fair on Sunday should be just as much condemned as a law to close the Fair on Sunday. The Directors have no authority in religion whatever, either pro or con. Ignoring all of this fundamental doc-trine, however, which is one of the great principles of the American political system, the Sunday advocates demand that their holy day shall not be dishonored, and that the gates must close on that day; that the "American Sabbath " must be preserved But do they not know that if they base their arguments on the holiness of the day, that their arguments will be ex-amined ; and that argument will be met with argument ? This, it seems, has al-ready been verified. The Catholic Record, of September 17, 1891, says, editorially :Š The discussion on closing the World's Fair on Sunday has brought into promiscuous use the word "Sabbath." The Sabbath was the Jewish day of rest, and is still so observed by Jews who adhere strictly to the religion of their fathers. The Chris-tian day of rest in English speaking countries is called Sunday, or the Lord's day. The first appel-lation will do, and the second is very good. There is no need of a third name, and it is an absurd mis-nomer on the part of Christians to call it " the Sab-bath." It is a matter of wonderment to us to see Catholic clergymen use the word Sabbath for Sun-day. We protest earnestly against this Protestant mode of speech. It does not look well for Catho-lics to knuckle to such Protestant fantastic notions. But Protestants are consistent in calling their day of rest "Sabbath," for they have scriptural ground for keeping the Sabbath, and none at all for observing Sunday. Sunday is founded, not on Scripture, but on tradition, and is distinctly a Cath-olic institution. As there is no Scripture for the transfer of the day of rest from the last to the first day of the week, Protestants ought to keep their Sabbath on Saturday, and thus leave Catholics in full possession of Sunday. We, therefore, can't see what business our Prot-estant friends have to call for the closing of the World's Fair on Sunday. What does it matter to them whether or not a Catholic institution is viola-ted.? We don't know whether or not the Commis-sion before which the petition is pending knows its business; but, if it does, it will have no trouble in reaching a decision. It will call on the _petitioners for proof that the observance of Sunday is pre-scribed in the Scriptures ; and as no proof will be forthcoming, what will remain but to dismiss the petition ? The Sabbath Recorder, a prominent journal of the American Seventh-day Baptists, also speaking editorially upon the Sunday-closing discussion, said in its issue of September 24 :Š We may look for one result from the discussion of this questionŠthe people will be pretty thoroughly instructed in regard to the fact that Sunday as a Sabbath is not found in the Bible, and is entirely an extra-Bible thing. The time is at hand when he who attempts to combat the change-of-Sabbath theory, or the theory that Sunday has any biblical claim for recognition as a Sabbath'day, will be fighting windmills. It can truly be said that the time is at hand when no intelligent Chris-tian will try to defend Sunday-keeping on either ground. These are the historical facts and argu-ments that are elicited by the demands of the Sunday advocates for the closing of the World's Fair on the first day of the week. If they assert that that day is sacred, it is but natural that their opponents should bring to light what the Bible and history have to say upon that point. Hence, al-though the sacredness of the day has no real bearing on whether or not the Fair should be closed on Sunday, yet, the re- peated demands for closing the Fair that the " Sabbath " may not be desecrated, will inevitably give publicity to the ques-tion as to whether Sunday is, or ever was, a day set apart by divine authority for reli-gious worship. Whatever may be the results of such a discussion, the Sunday-law agitators can rightly blame only themselves for the outcome. The better way would be to act justly,. and let every exhibitor follow the dictates of his own conscience. Let the Sabbata-rian close his exhibit on Saturday, but com-pel no one else to do so; let the observer of Sunday close his exhibit on Sunday, but compel no one else to do so; let any one of a different mind close his exhibit on any other day that he may choose, but do not compel any one of a different mind to do so. This is justice; this is democracy; and this should be the policy that should govern the managers of the great Columbian Exposition in 1893. W. A. BLAKELY. Ł -1  Ł  Why Not Appeal to Principle ? APROPOS of Justin D. Fulton's criticism of Mrs. Potter Palmer's request to the Pope to aid the Columbian Exposition in its woman's department, and relic depart-ment, the Washington Post, of May 17, says, editorially :Š It begins to appear that by the time the Chicago Fair opens we shall have the whole country by the ears on one issue or another. If the Protestants are to make war on the Roman Catholics, and the latter should be goaded into retaliation ; if one de-nomination insists on closing the Fair during Sun-day, and the Jews and Sabbatarians demand that Saturday, the seventh day, be kept holy; .if the Mussulmans insist upon recognition for their heb-domadal celebration; if the temperance people make war on beer, and the Salvation Army clam-ors for free pratique within the groundsŠif, in other words, this proposed industrial demonstra-tion is to be turned into a battle ground of creeds, philosophies, and superstitions, then what, ladies and gentlemen, is to become of the Fair ? Certainly if the Protestants insist upon the exclusion of the Catholics, or vice versa, or if any sect succeeds in impressing its peculiar views upon the manage-ment, the Exposition, at once and irrecover-ably, loses its national and comprehensive charac-ter and degenerates into a mere doctrinal propa-ganda without interest or importance in the eyes of three-fourths of the people of the United States. We see no remedy for, or protection against this rapidly increasing peril save in the courage, the firmness, the good sense, and the patriotism, of the management, both general and local. It is now unmistakably evident that the spirit of intolerance will destroy the Fair if it only can get the oppor-tunity. The Post fails here to make a correct discrimination as to the positions occupied by the different parties to this controversy in regard to the World's Fair. The party which has long and insistently made known its demands as to the Sunday closing of the World's Fair, is the party of intolerance; its requirement is that all shall conform to the course which it fol-lows as to Sunday observance, in the. mat-ter of attendance upon the. Fair. The words of the Post would lead one to sup-pose that the Jews and Sabbatariaris do, or would, advocate the same legislative course as to the seventh day as is asked for the first day. But few Jews, compar-atively, have expressed themselves pub-licly upon this question, but where they have it has invariably been to advocate the correct principle of civil neutrality in religious questions. The Sabbatarians who are expressing themselves with earnestness in this mat-ter would feel themselves bound to oppose with equal zeal and persistence any sug-gestion to enforce civilly the observance  of the seventh day. They stand, every man of them, for the principle of the non-interference of the civil law in matters of conscience and religion; that the civil authorities have no right to legislate either for or against, neither in favor of or in derogation of either religion in gen-eral, or any religious observance in par-ticular; that human laws can deal only and solely with civil matters; that this is a principle of universal application, bear-ing with equal force upon him who enun-ciates it as upon him who denies it. The position of the Sabbatarian is an entirely unselfish one, it is just as much for the protection of the Sunday observer as it is for the Sabbath-keeper that this principle should be maintained ; even more, for a pursuance of the present course for but a very short time will utterly destroy all saving power in reli-gion as preached or practiced by them, and make human law and lawgivers in-termediate between them and their God. Scarcely one newspaper in a thousand throughout the whole United States has comprehended and expressed the principle involved between these conflicting petitions to Congress in reference to Sunday closing at the World's Fair. Has an intellectual blindness upon this subject fallen upon the whole country ? The Post is justified in its premonition of danger at hand; and it extends not only to the World's Fair, but to the civil and religious polity of the country at large, as well. Why depend, in such peril, upon the courage, good sense, firmness, patriotism, or any other fallible attribute of any man or set of men ? Why not appeal to that universal and eternal prin-ciple of justice, truth, and righteousness, which applies in the case, and rely upon that ? W. H. M. Ł Ł No Righteousness by Law. THOSE who are now working so hard in this country for laws to enforce Sab-bath observance claim, that unless com-pelled by law, men will fail to do their duty to God. Mr. Crafts asks the question in his work, " Sabbath for Man," page 447: " What can the churches, as such, do for the im-provement of the Sabbath ?" His answer is: " Let church conferences and assem-blies continue to rebuke the Sabbath dese-cration of their own people, and call upon the national and State governments per-sistently for better laws and better enforce-ment." The keeping of a Sabbath is purely a religious duty, and Mr. Crafts knows it; for he says, A weekly day of rest has never been permanently secured in any land except on the basis of religious obli-gation Take the religion out and you take the rest out." It is the duty of every one to keep the Sabbath, and to keep it holy, too. Thus it is a moral duty, one we owe to God. Then when Mr. Crafts " calls upon the national and State gov-ernments persistently for better laws and better enforcement"of those laws to force people to keep the Sabbath, he is simply trying to force people by law to do their duty to God. Our duty to God is to do righteousness. Our first duty to God is to seek right-eousness. Therefore to compel men to do their duty to God by law, is to compel them to do righteousness by law. If men can be made good by law, then all we 