 22 AMERICAN SENTINEL.       their application becomes necessary in the course of human affairs God does not leave us in ignorance of them, but as a just God, reveals them to us by pre-cepts and examples, to be found in his Holy Word, if we but make the search with an earnest desire to be en-lightened. If, therefore, the principles we con'end for are sound and true, we may turn to the Bible in the full expecta-tion of finding, there, their true source; nor shall we be disappointed. We have but to look into the Book of Daniel, the prophet of God and great prime minister, first of the kingdom of Babylon, and afterwards of that of the Medes and Persians erected upon its ruins, to find the principles of law contended for exemplified in both phases of its application: in one phase, in the case of Shadraeh, Meshach, and Abed-nego, and in the other phase, in the case of Daniel himself. Shadrach, Meshach, and Abed-nego as joint rulers over the Province of Babylon occupied the highest place in the kingdom a subject could attain, except the office of vicegerent, then filled by Daniel. Though highly hon-ored by Nebuchadnezzar as officers of the law, high in authority, and it being their duty to see the laws of the realm faithfully executed, yet they absolutely refused, at the command of the king, to bow down to the golden image which he had caused to be set up to be worshiped, though they had every reason to believe that punish. ment sure and swift, by the way of death in a fiery fur-nace would certainly follow. They considered it of little moment what the dire consequences might be to them-selves, so long as the principle was maintained that no human law must be obeyed when in derogation of the divine law. Daniel, the companion of their youth and their associate in earthly honors, escaped this trial of his faith because of his exalted position within the gates near the throne as the king's visible representative and vice-gerent. His day of trial, however, was near at hand. The mighty kingdom of Babylon was to perish, and from its crumbling ruins was to rise the still mightier kingdom of the Medes and Persians; and with it arose Daniel, again, to a position of the highest trust and honor as prime minister of Darius the king. And though himself the chief officer of the law, he recog-nized the principle and observed its practice in continu-ing to pray to the living God in direct disobedience of the king's edict, and when he knew, too, that unless there was direct interposition of divine power in his behalf, condign punishment would certainly be meted out to him. The ulimate result of these attempts to enforce the civil law was not to substantiate its absolute suprem-acy, as might have been expected, but on the contrary, to establish this maxim as a recognized principle of the law of both kingdoms, that it was only supreme when not in derogation of the divine law. We have in these two cases a forcible illustration, in the one of an attempt by civil enactment to enforce the performance of a cer-tain act of religious rite or worship, and in the other an attempt to suppress an act of worship which was being performed in accordance with the dictates of the individ-ual conscience. No distinction is made between the two classes of cases, nor can there be any, each being equally binding upon the conscience. Under our peculiar system of constitutional govern-ment, jurists have attempted to draw a distinction be-tween these two classes of cases, claiming that possibly the first named class might come within the scope and protecting force of the constitutional inhibition, while the latter did not. Such contention is illogical, and can-not be sustained upon any recognized legal principle, either divine or human; for as we have just seen, such distin .ttion is repudiated by the examples taken from the revealed Word of God; and the right of the legislative body to enact laws on that or any other subject is based upon natural law,Šwhich emanates from God,Šand not upon any authority delegated by a written constitution, the work of human hands and brains. For it must be remembered, that the power of the State legislature is supreme, except where curtailed by the Constitution; differing in that respect from the Federal Congress which possesses only such powers as are delegated by the States in the Federal Constitution, and has no rights under natural laws, except such as necessarily flow from such delegated authority. Every law that has ever been enacted by any state legislature on this subject of Sunday observance was conceived in a religious atmosphere, and I fear born in the spirit of religious persecution and bigotry; for no Matter how we may seek to disguise the fact under the specious plea of legislation of a civil and not of a religious character, such laws have been invariably called into action by the prevailing religious sentiment of this coun-try as a most potent engine of religious persecution. We honor the prosecution in this case for having thrown off all disguise and taken the position that the question in-volved is the decision of a religious and not a civil con-troversy. This admission of the prosecution is a step in ad-vance of the courts, and in the right direction, and if the judges will only be as honest with themselves and en-dorse it, it will serve to open the eyes of the law-making power to the true spirit and intent of all this class of legislation; and awaken them to a sense of their duty to sweep from the statute books all such laws which can be prostituted to the purposes of religious persecution by the prevailing religious sentiment of any given com-munity. It has been argued that this abuse of these laws for the purposes of religious persecution, is a mere incident of their administration and at times necessarily attending their proper enforcement. If that is true, and they are capable of being so misused, does not that fact furnish a still greater reason why they should not be permitted longer to remain on the statute books as a dangerous menace to the liberties of the people ? 