B B E B(16STEli'S - CONPREIENSIVE - TE(ICHEKS' Emerald Type. Size-8;i x 5;4 x 1 inches. Swedish Morocco, improved divinity circuit, leather lined to edge, round corners, with Illustrations, 14 Maps, Concordance, Helps, etc. Post paid, BIBLE. red under gold edges, 85 00     GENUINE : OXFORD : TE(ICHEIiS' : BIBLES./-10  Minion Type. Size-5 x 7,34 inches. Fine Levant Morocco (brown), divinity circuit, calf lined, round corners, gold edges, Maps, Concordance, and many other valuable helps. Post paid, 5.00 L.A_RG- . TYPE . MBE  FilS FOR THOSE WITH POOR EYESIGHT. French Morocco, limp covers, round corners, side and back title in gold, gilt edges, Family Register and Maps. Post paid, 82.00 ADDRESS, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. KANSAS CITY, MO. OAKLAND, CAL. AUGUST 22, 1895. 263 of the terrible " Inquisition." If these things can be done in this boasted land of liberty, at the close of the nineteenth century, by men who profess to love God and follow the teach-ings of Jews Christ, then are we but little improved since the rack and the torture were used to cure men of heresy. . . . Is imprisonment and the life of a convict, for no crime save that of living out his religious convictions, what the aged Elder Gillett fought three years to secure? Let us not point the finger of scorn to the fires of the Inquisition, to the Calvinists, or the New England Puritans when these things can be done in " Free America." We should hide our faces in shame for Tennessee and her laws. For Conscience' Sake. [From the Bellows Falls (Vt.) Times.] THE Seventh-day Adventists and the courts in East Tennessee are again involved in legal complications. Nine of the Adventists have recently been fined from 85 to $15 for doing manual labor on Sunday contrary to the stat-ute. This sort of fining goes on regularly from year to year, yet the fines are never paid and the Adventists go to jail. They contend that to pay the fine would be to acknowledge that the' law of man which says they shall pay the fine is superior to the law of God which says keep holy the Sabbath day. This sort of prosecution is nothing but per-secution. . . . Those pious souls in Ten-nessee should remember that the Adventists are observing the Levitical Sabbath, and that the first day of the week, as observed by the majority in any community, is a sabbath es-tablished by man. What did these Adventists do on Sunday? . . One was shingling a house, another was hoeing' in a cornfield, and a third, a boy, was splitting wood for his mother. They were doing these things peaceably, simply following their every day avocations. If the people of Tennessee are such sticklers for the observance of Sunday, their religious zeal ought to carry them a little farther. No doubt there are a few livery stables down that way that hold open on Sunday, and it is reported that the laborers in the mines know no difference be-tween Sunday and other days of the week. Why are not some of the great and wealthy corporations which are famous for their disre-gard of any sabbath reminded that there is a Sunday law on the statutes? Why are the poor and mon of no repute always selected for examples of judicial correction? We here submit for the benefit of all who think it their duty to force their views on others by the power of legislative acts, a noble sentiment from the pen of John Wesley, the founder of Methodism:Š " Condemn no man for not thinking as you think. Let every one enjoy the full and free liberty of thinking for himself. Let every man use his own judgment, since every man must give an account of himself to God. Ab-hor every approach, in any kind or degree, to the spirit of persecution. If you cannot reason or persuade a man' into the truth, never at-tempt to force a man into it. If love will not compel him to come, leave him to God, the Judge of all."  Ł THERE are many who do not seem to be sensible that all violence in religion is irreli-gious, and that, whoever is wrong, the perse-cutor cannot be right.ŠThomas Clarke. EQUAL liberty liberty was originally the portion and is still the birthright of all men.ŠB. Franklin. .A.9L-Nra   iHnEts OF THE CATHOLICijyRCH. History repeats itself, because human nature is the same in all ages of the world. Hence, he who would know HOW TO AVOID ERROR IN THE FUTURE must know-how errors have developed in the past. The "Fathers of the Catholic Church" shows the condition of the heathen world at the time of Christ, briefly states the principles of ancient heathen philosophy, and shows how the adoption of these principles by prominent men in the Church, and the incautious lowering of the stand-ard of pure Christianity, developed the papacy, which was simply a new form of paganism. The chapter on SUN-WORSHIP AND SUNDAY is alone worth the price of the book. Fine English Cloth, Substantially Bound, CONTAINS ABOUT 400 PAGES, Will be Sent Post-paid for $1.00 PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Bond Street, New York City. Oaklan Cal. Kansas City, Mo. PT N rs cAVEATS,TRADE MARKS COPYRIGHTS. CAN I OBTAIN A PATENT ? For a riont answer and i ohla x  honest  i)" ;r;teeag experience In the patent business."  communica-tions strictly confidential. A Handbook of In-formation concerning Patents and how to ob-tain them sent free. Also a catalogue of mechan-ical and scientific books sent free. Patents taken through Mum & Co. receive cialnoticeith e Scientific American,zsare)rouAt; before the  with- out  cost to the Inventor. This splendid paper, issued weekly, elegantly illustrated, has by far the largest circulation of any scientific work in the world. $3 a year. sample copies sent free. Building Edition monthly, $2.50 a year. Single aysattzlits.coltupawmpggoVitil:solunaeTi houses, with plans, enabling builders to show the latest designs and secure contracts. Address MUNN t CO., NEW Voax, 361 BROADWAY. " Before He Is Twenty," OR-- " Five Perplexing Phases of the Boy Question," IS A VERY HELPFUL BOOK FOR PARENTS. it is divided into five chapters, by as many different writers, each treating of a particular phase of a boy's life. The first chapter, "THE Boy AND HIS FATHER," by Robert J. Bur-dette, is alone worth many times the price of the book to any father of a young boy. The other chapters, " Winor HE DECIDES, " THE BOY IN THE OFFICE," "HIS EVENINGS AND AMUSEMENTS," and "LOOKING TOWARD A WIFE," are all important and helpful. 104 pages, bound In cloth, embossed In jet and gold, price, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK CITY. Oakland, Cal. Kansas City, Mo. S A FETY PENCIL POCKET. NEAT, CHEAP, SERVICEABLE. It perfectly secures pen or pencil in the pocket, so that it can not fall out when stooping. Can be easily and safe): attached to any part of the clothing. A small investment will prevent the loss of a valuable pen or pencil. PRICES. Russia leather, for 2 pens 10c. 3 " 15c. Sealskin, 2 15c. 3 " 25c. Russia leather, for 4 " 25c. Sealskin, 4 " 40c. Sent by mail on receipt of price. We guarantee these pockets superior in every particular to sim-ilar styles formerly sold and still offered at much higher prices. PACIFIC PRESS, 43 BOND STREET, New York City. Oakland, Cal. Kansas City, Mo, 75 cents. No. 1. No. 2. No. 3. No. 4. No. 5. No. 6. 