246 10, No. 31. to merely as an evidence of the injustice of Sunday statutes. The reason Seventh-day Adventists refuse to bow to Sunday statutes, was repeatedly stated by the men tried in the hearing of Mr. Snod-grass. It is because Sunday observance is the badge of the great apostasy from the Word of God, and Sunday statutes seek to compel all men to wear that badge. The New Orleans Times-Democrat, of July 5, expresses the situation thus forcibly:Š On the one side is the express command of Jehovah to keep the seventh day holy; and opposed to it is the injunction of secular legislators to keep the first day holy. That is the difficulty in which the Seventh-day Adventists find themselves, and as we said, they obey the voice of God rather than the voice of man. To this pointed statement of the "difficulty," the Adventists would simply add, that behind these " secular legislators" and acting as their animating spirit, is the religious element which demands that the Adventists bow down to the opposing sabbath which men have set up. To obey the voice of God rather than the voice of man, is an evidence of Christian forti-tude, not fanaticism; of a truth-directed, not a misguided mind. -0- Ł A SIGNIFICANT MOVEMENT. THERE is at present a most significant movement going on in connection with the Christian Endeavor Society, as shown in their convention held in Boston recently, on the line of religion enforced by law; the results of which will be. speedily felt. The convention itself was a notable one, probably one of the largest religious gatherings ever held, repre- senting nearly all parts of the world. The leading purpose of the organization, as expressed by its leaders and public speakers, is to unite all the denominations composing the organization into one determined effort to carry out the principles of "civic reform," as represented by what is now known as " Christian citizenship." Bishop Samuel Fallows, of Chicago, said:Š The Y. P. S. C. E. is one of the grandest movements in the direction of Christian unity the Church of Christ has ever known. It stands for civil service and other phases of civic reform. ., Rev. A. M. Phillips, of Montreal, said:Š Mankind must be made to feel that it is absolutely wrong to divorce the sacred from the secularŠto separate religion from politics. The true principle is, business is religion, politics is religion. The objective point of Christianity as taught must be changed. The consummation of Christianity is not in a happy land far, far away, but in this real old sin-cursed earth; nor is it to be looked for in the distant visionary good time coming or the sweet by and by, but in the near now and now. Denominational pride and bigotry must give way to Christian unity and cooperation. Rev. William G. Clark, D. D., of Chicago, said:Š Practical Christianity means, among other things, a Christian politician and a Christian statesman. False to your nation and you are false to your God. Loyal to either and you are loyal to both. Many columns like the foregoing might be quoted from the sayings at the convention. Christian citizenship, as defined by the tracts of this society, "maintains the supreme right of Jesus Christ to rule municipal and national as well as private life. The city, the State, the nation, should be governed by the prin-ciples laid down by him,Šprinciples of right-eousness, of justice, of unselfishness. Upon the application of these principles depends the final solution of every present day prob-lem." Christian citizenship has taken a defi-nite form in the Christian Citizenship League. It is proposed to have auxiliary  leagues in every city, ward and town in the country. It is also proposed to watch every candidate for office and see that no one is elected except such as conform to their ideas; and also to influence legislation in whatever direction, they may wish, by making, a united demand for it, in such a way that legislators will not dare to refuse. When we consider the vast power that can be exercised by these Christian Endeavor societies, numbering as they already do over a million voters, which will probably be multiplied many times soon, it will not require a prophet to tell what future legislation in this country will be. A prominent object of Christian citizenship is, their views of the Sabbath enforced upon all. Congressman Elijah A. Morse said in the convention:Š Another element of good citizenship, and conducive thereto, is a sacred, religious regard for the sabbath day, as a day of rest and surcease from toil. The command given on Sinai, " Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy," was given for every nation and every people; for that century, for the 19th and 20th centuries, and for the 200th century, if the world shall continue so long. And I firmly believe that the prosperity of any individual, family, State, or nation may he measured by,  their regard for the holy sabbath day. The command to observe it is side by side with, " Thou shalt not steal," " Thou shalt not bear false witness." Christian Endeavorers, love and defend the_ sabbath day. Dr. Hoyt also said in the convention, as reported in the secular press:Š They should remember that Christian EndeavOr is but a servant of the. Church, that the meaning of Christian Endeavor was to withstand drifts, to combat corrupt politics, to keep on saying that the politics of this country, city, State, and county are to be pure. There was another drift which would have to be met also, and that was sabbath desecration. He thought that the most immoral influence of the present day, is the secular Sunday newspaper, and Christian Endeav-orers ought to declare themselves on this point. The following is from the Christian Citizen, the organ of the Christian Citizenship League: One of the significant signs of the times is the 'in-creasing number of young men and young women, all over the country, who are identifying themselves with reform movements of various kinds, and especially with the Christian citizenship leagues of their respect-ive localities. In this way, each local society of Christian Endeavor, or Epworth League, or Baptist Union ; each Young Men's Christian Association ; and each church, is being made a neucleus of reform. The demand for Christian citizenship literature, for public meetings, for speakers on the subject, con-stantly increases with the increase of the numbers of those interested. Committees are being appointed by the young people's societies, and charged with the superintendance of civic concerns. The churches, not as churches, but through their members, are readily and rapidly federating for good government, and for the conservation of distinctive and imperilled American institutions, such as the American Sunday and the free school system. Sermons and prayer meetings and worship begin to take the form of po-litical activity. The spirit of reform, defensive and offensive, is abroad. Let it stay abroad, and strike quick and strike hard until evil is down and good is up. The enthusiasm shown in this great con-vention, in this Christian citizenship move-ment, was very great; it was the principal line of effort that was to be made; and with the Christian Citizenship League with its machinery for work, all perfected, with en-forced Sunday observance one of its main ob-jects, it certainly will not be long before the persecutions now carried on in Tennessee against those who keep the seventh day as the Sabbath, and work the other six days accord-ing to the commandment, will be waged all over the country GEO. B. WHEELER. THE whole history of the Christian religion shows that she is in far greater danger of being corrupted by the alliance of power than of being crushed by its opposition.ŠMacaulay. MORE PRESS COMMENTS CONCERNING RELI-GIOUS PERSECUTION IN TENNESSEE. Invited to Kansas. [From the Evening Standard, Leavenworth, Kans., July 13.] WE advise the Adventists of the South to pull up stakes and come to Kansas where the law gives them permission to live out their religion. It would be well for this country to pluck the beam of religious persecution from its own eye before it rushes off to Con-stantinople to remove the mote from Turkey's eye. Religious Intolerance. [From the Buffalo (N. Y.) Express, July 18.] RHEA COUNTY, 'TENN., has put a lot of Seventh-day Adventists who worked on Sun-day, into the chain-gang. This sort of thing savors too much of the bad old days of re-ligious-  intolerance. An Outrage. [From the Fentress County Gazette, Jamestown, Tenn., July 11.] THE sentencing of the Seventh-day Ad-ventists to jail in Rhea County is simply an outrage and a disgrace to the State. These men are simply worshiping God according to the dictates of their own consciences, and should be protected therein. They are only doing from religious conviction what many of their neighbors will do whenever convenient, although they think it a sin. [From the Nashville American.] PERHAPS if those Seventh-day Adventists would open a gambling shop or a saloon on Sunday they would not be prosecuted by the energetic fee grabber. "Intolerant, Bigoted and Cruel." [From the St. Louis Globe-Democrat, July 14.] IT is intolerant, bigoted and cruel to perse-cute and prosecute a sincere, earnest, and religious body of men and women, simply be-cause they observe a day of rest which does not please the majority of people. It is not claimed that they interfere with the liberty or comfort or worship of any of their fellow-citizens, but only that they are offending the dominant religious sense of the community. That is what it practically amounts to. Ought Not to Be Silent. [From the Ashland (Neb.) Gazette, July 18.] PERSECUTION for religions opinions has not wholly ceased, even in this boasted land of liberty. Even now, in certain States, notably in Tennessee, the most sincere and devout Christians, men of the best character, suffer imprisonment for conscience' sake. Members of the Adventist denomination, a large and respectable class of Christians, have been im-prisoned within the last few years in Tennes-see, Arkansas, Georgia and Maryland, under circumstances that make it perfectly clear that religious intolerance, rather than a rever-ent regard for the Christian sabbath, was the animus of their prosecution. When the Sun-day beer garden, the gambling house and the brothel are allowed to run unmolested, and a quiet, inoffensive citizen, who conscientiously believes that the Sabbath of the Mosaic insti-tutes is still binding in the Christian dispen- 