CAVEATS, TRADE MARKS, DESICN PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, etc. For information and free Handbook write to MUNN & CO., 361 BROADWAY, NEW YORE. Oldest bureau for securing patents In America. Every patent taken out by us is brought before the public by a notice given free of charge in the grdentifir Alluvium THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 375 was a notice of an address by J. S. Washburn, delivered in the same public Assembly Rooms where the meeting of the Lord's Day Observance Society was held, on the Book of Daniel, in which the point "especially emphasized was this, that religion always does best when let alone by the civil law:" THE Board of Control of the Art Student's League, of New York, has brought up the latest phase of the Sunday question, by its proposition to throw open its studios and schools for the study of the nude on Sunday. The expressed intention of the League to give opportunity for its students to avail themselves of instruction seven days in the week, met with some opposition, but that Sun-day should be especially devoted to the nude seems to have horrified many more. Why artistic naked-ness should be horrifying on Sunday and quite esthetic on Monday is a question which only the artistically conscientious can solve. THE Monte Missionary in its issue for November makes an earnest plea for the extension of the circulation of THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Among other things it says: " We are confident that those who have read the stirring articles in recent num-bers of THE SENTINEL can not feel indifferent in regard to this matter, or rest content, until its sub-scription list has been increased by many thou-sands. Let every one now decide to do what he can for THE SENTINEL. . . Why should not this work grow until from individual subscriptions and clubs taken, there should be a demand for a regular weekly edition equaling that of the recent special' of September 22, a round 250,000?" THE Sun's London letter, of November 12, con- tains this paragraph:Š The liberalism of the times has given rise to a new semi-religious institution known as Museum Sunday. The object is to secure, through church influence, the opening of museums and picture galleries on Sunday. The movement was advo-cated in many churches on last Sunday. Are not the religious associations for the Sunday®  opening of museums and of the World's Fair, and the religious associations for their Sunday closing antagonistic to each other ? Can a house divided against itself stand 1 How long will it bg before these opposing forces will unite for the prosecution of seventh-day keepers only and let all others go scot-free ? THE " Pearl of Days " gives the latest baseball news as follows:Š Playing baseball on Sunday is a violation of the Nebraska law. The Supreme Court of Nebraska so decided November 11, in the case of the State against O'Rourke, a case originating in the arrest last year of the Lincoln baseball team while en-gaged in playing a game on Sunday at Lincoln Park. The players were not fined by the County Judge. The County Attorney filed exceptions and carried the case to the Supreme Court for an inter-pretation of the law, so that future controversies might be avoided in regard to the legality of play-ing baseball on Sunday. The court yesterday sus-tained the exceptions. The syllabus of Chief Jus-tice Maxwell is as follows :Š " Under the provisions of section 241 of the criminal code, any person of fourteen years of age or upwards who shall on Sunday engage in sporting, etc., shall be fined in a sum of not ex-ceeding twenty dollars or to be confined in the county jail not exceeding twenty hays, or both. " Playing baseball on Sunday comes within the definition of sporting and renders the person en-gaging therein liable to the punishment provided for in section 241." There are a considerable number of young men in Lincoln, Nebraska, who know that "the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord," and who faith-fully observe it, to whom this decision will be of interest. A GENTLEMAN from South Carolina, a lawyer, who has been reading literature on religious lib-erty put forth by the Association, writes the fol-lowing :Š Dear Sir: I have perused with a great deal of  pleasure and profit Mr. Jones' pamphlet upon the subject of religious liberty, and pronounce it a work of decided merit. His position is strong and tenable, and can not be gainsaid or controverted by the enemies of religious liberty. The great light and luminary in political and philosophic thought, Edmund Burke, has said that no man has a right to anything that is not reasonable. That is a great and fundamental verity, upon which all human systems are built, and out of which many great and important truths may be evolved. Human systems and laws are the creatures of hu-man rights. When mankind entered into the cov-enant and compact of civil government, they agreed to surrender everything that was unreason-able and nothing that was reasonable. If man had not covenanted and agreed to surrender those things that were unreasonable, his liberty would have been his greatest tyrant. He could have had no assurance that those things which he would preserve, cherish, and transmit would be protected. Religious liberty is a natural right, and government was intended to be a rock of safety and security to natural and reasonable rights. We live under two governments in this world, the moral and the civil. The civil is in-tended to check, restrain and punish any and every member of society who offends against the rights of his fellow-man. The moral is intended to direct, guide, and govern us in those things which belong exclusively, unreservedly, and absolutely to the individual. Conscience is the seat of the moral government, and whenever any earthly power or potentate undertakes to dictate to man-kind in matters of conscience, it becomes a usur-per; it dethrones and dislodges the rightful sover-eign. The union of Church and State is one of the most gigantic frauds and impositions that was ever practiced upon mankind, and it is responsible for some of the darkest and most diabolical crimes that have ever stained and stigmatized the history of the Old World. It was the union of Church and State that sent Cranmer, and Latimer, and Ridley to the stake. It was the union of State and reli-gion that compelled Socrates to drink the poison-ous hemlock. Mr. Edwards is quoted as saying that he would not tolerate an atheist. Where did Mr. Edwards get his right to be intolerant of other people's opinions ? I think the reverend gentlemen would do well to tone and temper his zeal with a little sound and wholesome reflection. Where did Mr. Edwards get his right to believe in a God ? Was it the gift and grant of any earthly power ? If so, that power is the keeper and custodian of con-science. If the secular power can say that I shall believe in a God, then it follows as a legal and logical sequence that it can say that I shall not believe in a God, or any of the great and fundamental doc-trines of Christianity. It is time that there should be a better understanding between the governed and the government. It is time that rulers and law-givers should learn that human systems are but the evidences of human rights, and that civil and religious liberty are the greatest and most im-portant of human rights, and that government was made to protect and not trample upon them. Do you know what the Sunday law of your State is ? If not No. 42 of the " Sen-tinel Library " will tell you, and also give you the principal court decisions under it. Everybody ought to have this pamphlet. Price twenty cents. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, 12Tri & CASTRO STREETS, 43 BOND STREET, OAKLAND, CAL. NEw YORK. The Little Schoolmaster in the Art of Advertising : PRINTERS' INK 7 A WEEKLY JOURNAL FOR ADVERTISERS, Will be sent to any address from date of order to January 1st, 1894, for ONE DOLLAR. After Dec. 31st, 1892, the subscription price will be advanced to $2 a year. Ad-dress (inclosing one dollar), PRINTERS' INK, 10 Spruce St. - - New York. For five dollars a copy of the "American Newspaper Directory" for the current year (1,500 pages) will be sent, carriage paid, to any address, and the purchase of the book carries with it a paid-in-advance sub-scription to Punirna8' INK for one year. USEFUL AND INTERESTING BOOKS FOR BOTH OLD AND NEW SUBSCRIBERS. Š: -0-- :Š We will send the Signs of the Times one year, with your choice of either one of the following books, post-paid, for $2.00: PROPHETIC LIGHTS, by E. J. WAG-GONER, Prophecies of the Old and New Testaments, interpreted by the Bible and history. Paper bound 180 pages, handsomely illustrated. HISTORICAL SKETCHES OF FOR-EIGN MISSIONS of Seventh-day Adventists, with maps showing location of churches, etc., 294 pages, paper binding. LIFE AND WORDS OF CHRIST, by C. GEIEiE, D. D. This is a cheap edition, contains over 800 pages, and is bound in cloth. Every library ought to contain these interesting and instructive books. The Zigns of the Times is a 16-page weekly religious journal, and will be furnished a the following prices of subscription: Single copy, one year, post-paid, - - - $1.50. In clubs of 10 and over to one address, - - 1.25. To foreign countries in Postal Union, - ($2) 8s. Address SIGNS OF THE TIMES, 12th and Castro Sts., Oakland, Cal. U. S. A. YOUNG PEOPLES' LIBRARY. SERIES . Every volume in this library contains choice, wholesome, instructive reading, and, while designed for the young, it will be equally interesting to every member of the family. Each volume has 160 pages, is fully illustrated and substantially bound in fine col- ored cloth, handsomely embossed in jet and Šgold.Š Series 1 contains six volumes, which are as follows:Š l. FIJI AND SAMOA.ŠJottings from the Pacific, No. I. 2. JACK THE CONQUEROR. 3. SAVONAROLA, the Florentine Martyr. 4. THE TOGA ISLANDS AND OTHER GROUPS.ŠJottings from the Pacific, No. 2. 5. LETTERS FROM THE HOLY LAND. 6. AMONG THE NORTHERN ICEBERGS. The set, in cloth, in a box, sent post-paid. for $3.60; single volumes, 60 cents each; paper, 25 cents. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. 12th & Castro Streets, I 43 Bond Street, OAKLAND, CAL. NEW YORK. THE NEW BIBLE ATLAS AND GAZ-ETTEER, with 16 colored maps by W. and A. Keith Johnson, and a very elaborate gaz-etteer, giving information about nearly every place which is marked upon the maps, with scripture references. 4to, cloth, $1. 50. PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 43 Bond street, New York. Largest Circulation of any scientific paper in the world. Splendidly illustrated. No intelligent man should be without it. We 13.00 a Year; $1.50 six paonths Address MCN & CO., PUBLISHERS, 361 Broadway, New York City. 