THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 259 that he may sell postage stamps and de-liver mail in the " original packages " on Sunday, but not otherwise. Whenever one considers Mr. Crafts's theory of " Sabbath reform " he must be- gin by noting its double-faced contradic- toriness. In one breath he claims that the civil law deals with Sunday as a " civil institution " only, and does not aim to enforce any religious observance. Considering it as a civil institution, we find that two of the definitions given by Worcester may be applied to Sunday. The first and fourth are as follows : L "Relating to a city,  or to a commu-nity as governed by laws : municipal; as opposed to, military; political." 4. " Lay, as opposed to ecclesiastical." If the Postmaster-General should be compelled by the fierceness of Mr. Crafts's " open " attack to fall back for repairs, he will undoubtedly seek the aid of the ablest legal and judicial talent in the land in order to decide how the civil interests of the Nation are endangered by selling stamps or delivering mail on Sunday, otherwise than in the " original package." And since the case is one for definitions, we think that it would be well for Mr. Crafts to inform the Post-office Depart-ment just what is an " original package." We are not wise in the more than Juda-istic casuistry of Mr. Crafts, but we ven-ture to suggest that a letter addressed to John Doe is an " original package " which the writer commits to the care of the Post-office Department for transmission to him, and if it can deliver " original packages," it can deliver any single letter without in-fringing upon the national Constitution, or endangering the public welfare. Since each man's mail is an " original package," consigned to him, Mr. Crafts gives away his case, and the Postmaster-General is not yet convicted of doing anything " un-civil " on the " civil Sabbath." As to stamps, each one is an " original pack-age" designed for use by itself, as a speci-fic unit of value. But if this be ques-tioned, surely a " sheet of stamps " would meet all demands, and it will take a casu-ist more technical than the average Tal-mudist to discover the " uncivil " and nationally injurious character of a busi-ness transaction which is civil and right if one hundred stamps are sold at once, and wrong if one be sold. When does the sale of stamps cease to be civilly right on Sunday ? At seventy-five, at fifty, at twenty-five, at ten, at five ? Where ? Such questions are the essence of folly. If we turn to the religious side of the question,, and consider what Mr. Crafts is wont to call the " religious Sabbath," the case becomes more than Judaistic. If it be sinful to sell one stamp or to deliver one letter, how does it become non-sinful to deliver one hundred letters or sell one hundred stamps ? Does God graduate guilt on the "original package " system ? But since the Post-office Department is  not a religious organization, we suppose that the " religious Sabbath " can have no place in the consideration of that side of the question. The ultimate truth of the matter can be told in a few words. The civil law has no province in the case, even of a " rest-day," except to provide for the gen-eral good, comfort and safety of the cit-izens of the commonwealth. When the combined facts show that Postmaster Wanamaker's policy injures the citizens as citizens, or the Nation as a Nation, the civil law may be invoked. What men shall do with Sunday, or any other day as to religious duty, is entirely beyond the reach of civil law.ŠThe Outlook. A Christian Gountry. NOTWITHSTANDING the barbarous per-secutions inflicted by the Russian Gov-ernment upon those who do not agree with the Czar's definition of Christianity, the Christian Statesman still continues to call Russia " a Christian country." Let the devil label himself " Christian," and there will doubtless be found those who are ready to recognize him under that title. But, after all, why should not the Na-tional Reformers recognize Russia as a Christian country, since Russia is simply carrying out those principles which they claim are essential to so-called National Christianity ? They hold that a govern-ment is a " moral person," and that it " must have a religion of its own, and ex-ercise itself about religious affairs." They claim further, that it is the duty of gov-ernment to compel all the people to sub-mit to the national religion. In the issue of the Christian Statesman of October 2, 1884, it said :Š Give all men to understand that this is a Chris-tian Nation; and that, believing that without Christianity we perish, we must maintain by all right means our Christian character. Every week the Statesman prints the Constitution of the National Reform As-sociation, in which it is proposed " to place all the Christian laws, institutions, and usages of our Government on an un-deniable legal basis in the fundamental law of the land." And what do the Reformers propose to do with those who refuse to accept what the Government shall officially declare to be the institutions and usages of Christi-anity ? The following from the Christian Statesman of May 21, 1885, answers the question:Š We might add, in all justice, if the opponents of the Bible do not like our Government and its Christian features, let them go to some wild, deso-late land, and in the name of the devil, and for the sake of the devil, subdue it, and set up a govern-ment of their own on infidel and atheistic ideas; and then, if they can stand it, stay there till they die. This programme laid down by the Na-tional Reformers is precisely the one  which the Russian Government is follow-ing to-day. That country has adopted "a religion of its own," and is exercising itself " about religious affairs." This is what the Statesman declares every nation must do. The Czar is giving " all men to understand " that Russia is a " Chris-tian nation," and that he is determined to " maintain by all right means " its " Chris-tian character." He has placed " all the Christian laws, institutions, and usages of the government on an undeniable, legal basis ;" and whoever denies his right to do this is pretty sure to be sent to the " wild, desolate land " of Siberia, to stay until he dies. The Czar and the National Reformers are exactly agreed as to what constitutes the right means by which the Christian character of a nation should be main-tained. Banishment " to some wild, deso-late land " is the penalty for all those who refuse to worship the government instea of God. This is the way they are made to "feel the inconvenience of dissent." The Christian Statesman complains bit-terly of the religious persecution in Rus-sia, while, at the same time, it exists for the sole purpose of securing the introduc-tion of a like system in our own Govern-ment. Let not its editors say that the reason Russia persecutes is, that the gov-ernment has adopted a false religion; for when they call Russia a Christian coun-try, they thereby assert that it has the true religionŠthe Christian religion. Russia claims to have the Christian re-ligion, and the National Reformers admit that the claim is just. But further: if, as they affirm, it is the duty of every government to officially define Christianity for its subjects, it nec-essarily follows that the definition given must be right for that country. If there was any doubt about it, then the subjects could not be blamed for refusing to accept it, and the official decision would be with-out effect. If the subjects are to criticise the decision of the government, and do asb they please about accepting it, then there is no use for the government to make a decision; and if the government has a right to decide, then no citizen has a right to question the decision. Russia has made an official decision that true Christianity is embodied in the doc-trines of the Greek Church; and as the National Reformers assert the right of governments to decide in such matters, they ought to be the last ones to find fault with the decision. This official definition of Christianity, which Russia has made for the benefit (?),  of her citizens, is undoubtedly in har-mony with the ideas of the majority. It is only the Jews, the Lutherans, and others who are in the minority, that, get persecuted. Russia legislates on the prin-ciple of " the greatest good to the great-est number," and of course she cannot afford to have a half dozen different and 