730 ;THE 'SENTINEL, LII3ERTY. News. Notes and Comment  This indicates that Mr. Sheldon is determined to be consistent at any cost. But a man who is so AMONG the topics announced for discussion at the " New YOrk State Conference of Religion," to severe with hithself is not likely to spare otherS when he is able to invoke the law in behalf of, his ideas of be held in "New_ York City November 20-22, we note, " Political Ideals of the Bible," " Dangerous Sabbath-keeping.  Classes in a Republic," " Religion Vital to Democ-racy,"," Religious Education in the Public Schools," " The Ideal Commonwealth as the Kingdom of God," "The Unused 'Power of the Church in' Politics.'' The announcement circular states that the 'purpose of the -conference is " to promote the largest practi-cable junction of religious forces for the furtherance of these fundamental religious, moral, and social in-terests which are vital to the stability of the com-monwealth!' This gathering is not - designed to be a " parlia-ment of religions," but a " conference of religion." No effort at contrasting-or comparing-  the views of different denominations will be made, but the effort of the meeting will be in the opposite direc-tion. Every point upon which unity of action is possible will Ł be emphasized and its importance magnified. That Sunday observance will be one of these it is easy to, foresee. , A special report of the proceedings of this con- vention will be given inTHE SENTINEX,. preacher, and .especially a rigid Sabbatariam=as to practise regularly what he preaches. Nothing else will help him. so ,much to arrive at a conclusion as to the precise point at which Sunday work should stop." Is it not barely possible that there is something the matter with " our civilization " and " our political systeni " when such a journal as. the New York In-dependent feels obliged to speak of the government of our leading city after, this fashion: "A center of learning, of art, and of ethical en-thusiasm, the home of 'a multitude of the strongest intellects and most forceful 'moral personalities of the New World, endures a government unSpeakably vile, conducted by men more brutal, than the beasts of the field, and who excel the Patagonian Savages chiefly in their knowledge of the arts of wickedness. New York City, with brains and energy enough in it to create the most efficient, the cleanest, the wisest and the most progressive administration which' the viorld has ever seen, has a government that smells to heaven worse than the murders of Macbeth." Is it not barely poSsible that " our government " is not so essential to the happiness and prosperity of the less civilized races as certain political orators would have them and us believe? Is it not barely' ŁTriE following item is from Harper's Weekly of November 10: "The Rev. Charles M. Sheldon, the author of ' In His Steps,' had lately an interesting experience _ of Sabbath-keeping in this exaggerated city. He thinks that no one shohld work on Sunday but ministers, and disapproves the running of street cars and all public and private conveyariees, except, doubtlesS, 'on errands of necessity or mercy. His Sunday engagements a fortnight ago included morn-ing service at Carnegi'e Hall; and 'evening service at Sterling Place in Brooklyn. He was staying in BrOok-lyn. He walked from there over to New York to the day service and back to Brooklyn for the evening service, arriving an hour late for the latter and keep-ing-500 persons waiting. Some of the brethren, who are less sweeping than he in their Sabbath-,keeping convictions, are disposed to smile at him.' N eVerthe-less he did well. There is nothing so instructive to a possible that these less civilized peoples, less skilled in the arts of wickedness, Would be just as well off under, some governmental system of their own de-vising as under one thrust upon them from the coun-try where boss rule has, risen to such infamous, pre-eminence? ir4 FROM the date when the barons of England corn7  pelled King John to sign Magna Charta, down to the time when:negro slavery was abolished in the United States, the,  civilized world in general made 'steady progress in the direction of the recognition of in-dividual rights. Following Magna Charta, the peo-ple of England secured from the British monarchy the,. Petitions of Rights, next the Bill. of Rights, and later the Writ of Habeas Carpus, all of which were bulwarks erected between the common people and the arbitrary exercise of governmental power. Fol- 