38 AMERICAN SENTINEL. into places as regular political bosses, and run the gov-.ernments of States and the nation solely in the interests -of what they choose to hold as Christian. They will never stop till they make the religious power dominate the civil as thoroughly as ever it did in Puritan times or the Middle Ages. Politics Out of Place In Pulpits. Philadelphia Times, ;Tan. 4, 1897. AT the morning service yesterday in Chambers' Pres-byterian Church, the pastor, Rev. Thomas A. Hoyt, D. P., took as the subject, of his discourse, "The Ministerial Union and Politics." His text was from 2 Cor. 5 :20: -"We are embassadors for Christ." Dr. Hoyt spoke as -follows :Š An incident of recent occurrence is the occasion of this sermon. At a meeting of the Ministerial Union of Philadelphia and vicinity, composed of ministers of the Baptist, Methodist, Presbyterian and Reformed Churches, Cone of them read a paper, in which were severely criticised the Government of the United States and the great powers of Europe for not having made war on Turkey. I protested against our meddling with affairs of State, and intimated that it were more becoming in us to call men to prayer than to arms. This met with derisive laughter. In the discussion which ensued, some asserted the propriety of ministers urging war and of treating of politics in the pulpit. It is proper do state that large numbers of the min-isters of these several denominations were absent from the meeting, and hence are not:parties to this contro-versy. Of those present many disapproved of the action taken, either wholly or in part, while others yielded to a momentary enthusiasm against their better judgment. My contention is with the accidental majority, that ut-tered or applauded political and belligerent sentiments which I thought and still think inconsistent with our :spiritual office. MINISTERS AMBASSADORS OF CHRIST. The Ministerial Union will not meet again for three 'months. Meanwhile the subject tuns forced upon public attention demands consideration. We are bound to "commend ourselves to every man's conscience in the sight of God by the manifestation of the truth." Our fellow-citizens are asking whether the preacher of the gospel is a "free lance," who may talk in the pulpit and ministerial meetings about everythingŠpolitics, ethics, sthetics, economics, sociology, and the ballot box. 'They also doubt the propriety of the ministers of the Prince of Peace "crying havoc and letting slip the dogs of war." And the further question arises, whether the present decline of the ministry in public estimation is not due in part to their neglect of the one thing needful, -while entertaining their audiences with trivial things. To these weighty matter I now invite your serious at- tention. The text declares ministers of the gospel to be am-bassadors for Christ. As an earthly ambassador ever anxiously seeks to please his government, so the ambassador of Christ must, above all things, "strive to please not men, but God." If it would be disgraceful in an ambassador to lower his country's flag before a foreign nation, how much more shameful in us to trail Christ's banner in the dust at the demands of men! The message of the pulpit is positive, immutable truth, based on "Thus saith the Lord." The habit of mind engendered by, such a style of thinking and speak-ing disqualifies the minister in a measure from dealing with politics, which is the science of probability, the art of expediency. How pitiable, in the eyes of the people of Philadel-phia, must have appeared that clerical conclave, engaged in hot debate upon the foreign politics of the nations of the world ! HOw offensive to good taste the bom-bastic periods in which the governments of the earth were admonished of their errors and summoned to their duties ! PULPIT NO PLACE FOR POLITICS. But the plea was made that when politics touch eth-ical questions, ministers as such may treat of them. This I deny. Ethics, as well as politics, is excluded from the pulpit. Ethics is not religion, and religion is the one theme of the pulpit. Ethics is a natural science as much as psychology or physiology. It was cultivated in pagan Greece and Rome, and was completely severed from reli-gion. Aristotle and Cicero taught a better system of morals than Paley and the whole tribe of Utilitarian philosophers, of whom our political preachers are the disciples. To preach ethics, aside from the sanction of Scrip-ture, the atonement of Christ and the graces of the Spirit, is not Christian preaching. This is the essence of Unita-rianism, and the weak point in so many schemes of moral reform. It was the preaching of an outward morality that paralyzed religion in Great Britain and America during the last century, from which decay God aroused His Church in both continents by the true gospel, pro-claimed through Whitfield, the Wesleys, and Jonathan Edwards. The minister of Christ is not authorized to discuss politico-ethical questions. I plead the example of Christ and his apostles, who lived under an imperial despotism, and yet said: "Render unto Caesar the things that are Csar's," and "Let every soul be subject to the higher powers." Here I take my stand and maintain that the ministers of Christ do not hold a roving commission to correct all evilsŠpolitical, moral, social. They are not knights errant, prancing forth with lances at rest, to fight everything in sight; even though it be a windniill. They are -ambassadors for Christ, whose single duty it is to obey their instructions. "To the law and to the testimony; if they speak not according to this word, it is 