MARCH 8, 1894. glENTIINMILAo ing a logical system. This fact alone ought to endear it to printers and proof-readers, especially. The illustrations in the " Standard " are both numerous and exceedingly good. Besides small illustrations on almost every page, Vol. I. is embellished with eight beautifully colored full-page lithographic plates. These are (1) Examples of Archi-tecture, (2) Birds, (3) Coins, (4 and 5) Decorations of Honor, (6) Flags of Amer-ica, Hawaii and Samoa, (7) Flags of Europe, Asia and Africa, (8) Gems and Precious Stones. Besides the lithographic plates there are full-page plates showing dogs, cattle, fowls, and horses. These il-lustrations add both to the beauty and utility of the " Standard." In addition to the colored plate of ancient coins, there is a very full table of modern coins giving the value of each in English and American money. The more conservative will find many things to criticise in the new dictionary. Preference is given to the so-Called re-formed spelling in many cases; and as with the " Century " authority can be found in the " Standard " for very malty things not recognized by such authors as Webster and Worcester. But language is the result of growth, and usage makes law. Lexicographers do not make lan-guages; they simply record them as they find them. The more refined and expres-sive slang of to-day will continue to be-come the perfect English of to-morrow, until time ends or progress ceases. Full particulars and sample pages of the " Standard " can be secured by addressing the publishers, Funk & Wagnalls' Com-pany, New York City. "The Sovereign Pontiff," AN article in the February number of the North American Review on " Terri-torial Sovereignty and the Papacy," by Mgr. O'Reilly should set American readers to doing some very earnest thinking. The purpose of it is to try to show that the pope ought to have a territory of his own, in which he should be absolutely inde-pendent of all civil authority. The idea appears to be that the pope should be sit- uated so as to be a sort of father and arbiter for all mankind, and that he will not be looked up to as such by all the nations if he is in any manner subject to the government of any one nation. After referring to the complications with Italy growing out of the killing of Italians at New Orleans two years ago, Mgr. O'Reilly makes this startling proposition:Š The day may come when to avoid war between this country and Italy, a worse thing might be done than to invoke the peaceful mediation or arbitration of the sovereign pontiff. It is difficult to imagine what " worse thing might be done " than to relinquish our own sovereignty as an independent nation, and give to the pope or to any other hierarch the power to meddle with our affairs, a power which once acquired would not be given up. The very term " sovereign pontiff, " used by Mgr. O'Reilly, a man who is very near the pope, is a pretty clear indication of the disposition to get and hold authority and power which has lodgment in the papal breast. It is a very human ambition, but it is one that develops vigorously in eccle-siastical circles and the American people cannot afford to subordinate the civil au-thority of the whole people as vested in their regularly chosen - official representa- tives, to any ecclesiastical domination from any source, even to the extent of an "ar-bitration." This is true if the ecclesiastical authority were part of ourselves; it is overwhelmingly true when such authority is outside of ourselves. The total separa-tion of the State and the Church, any Church, in any form, or under any guise, is absolutely essential, and it is right along this line at the present time that " Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty." Even now efforts are being made in the United States to enforce religious observances by national law and constitutional amend-ments, and persecution of non-conformists has already begun in some quarters under State laws now in existence.ŠMidland (Mich.) Republican, Feb. 23, 1894. What the National Reformers Propose to Do. SECRETARY WYLIE of the National Re-form Association thus outlines the work to be accomplished by the association to secure the adoption of the proposed " Christian " amendment to the Constitu-tion of the United States :- 1. At least two agents must be kept at Washington to watch the progress of events, to arrange for hear-ing, and to form the connecting link between the peo-ple and the Congress. 2. When the time comes for hearing arguments by the judiciary committee we must send to Washington the best talent in the land to present the strongest pleas possible for the submission of the proposed amendment. 3. When the bill is reported to the two houses we must flood Congress with petitions urging the passage of the bill. Letters and telegrams by the ten thou-sand should also be sent to individuals, Congressmen and Senators, urging them to vote for the measure. 4. When it is submitted to the conventions in the States for ratification Christian citizens without regard to sect or party should labor to secure the election of good men, who are sure to vote for ratification, as members of the ratifying conventions. 5. Meetings must be held in every city, town, village, hamlet, and country district, to quicken and concen-trate the Christian sentiment of our country in favor of this amendment. Petitions must be circulated and signers obtained by the hundred thousand. Every one who can devote a little time, if only a few days or hours, should circulate the petitions for signatures. 6. Literature treating of this measure must be scattered all over the land, East, West, North, and South, so that the whole people may he awakened and enlightened on this the most important measure ever brought before this nation. It matters little what the National Re-formers do. The Supreme Court and Con-gress have already practically amended (?) the Constitution; but it is of the utmost importance that the people shall be made acquainted everywhere with the real na-ture of the National Reform movement and the National Reform combination, so that they may refuse to worship the papal beast and his image. DO YOU USE A FOUNTAIN PEN? THEN YOU NEED THE COMBINED INK-BOTTLE AND PEN FILLER, Consisting of a bottle holding ink sufficient to fill a pen eight or ten times, with a patent rubber cork and filler, all inclosed in a neat wooden case with a screw top, making the safest, most complete, com-pact, and convenient article for the use of traveling men and others now extant. When filled with ink it weighs less than three ounces. Imitation Rosewood case, 25 cents; real Box wood case, 50 cents. Sent post-paid on receipt of price. Pacific Press, 43 Bond St., New York. Waterman's Ideal Fountain Pen " I find the most satisfactory pen of its kind," says Chauncey M. Depew, President of the New York Central R.R., and thousands of others are ready to bear a similar testimony. This pen is simple and yet highly philosophi-cal in its construction. It rarely gets out of order and seldom needs repairs. The pen-points are fine, medium or coarse, and of all grades of flexibility from soft to very stiff. Any hand can be suited. A full gut-Nrantee goes with each and every pen. The cut shows a No. 4 pen (gentleman's size) reduced about one half in size. No. 1, $2.50 No. 4, $4.00 2, 3 00 " 5, 5.00 3, .3.50 " 6, 6.00 FATHERS OF THE C A\!-IE'124E EY IT C IE-1 BY E. J. WAGGONER. History repeats Itself, because human nature is the same in all ages of the world. Hence, he who would know HOW.  TO AVOID ERROR Id THE FUTURE must know how errors have developed in the past. The "Fathers of the Catholic Church " shows the condition of the heathen world at the time of Christ, briefly states the princi-ples of ancient heathen philosophy, and shows how the adop-tion of these principles by prominent men in the church, and the incautious lowering of the standard of pure Christianity, developed the Papacy, which was simply a new phase of pa-ganism. r,  chapter on SUN-WORSHIP AND SUNDAY is alone worth the price of the book. Fine English cloth,sub-stantially bound, contains about 400 pages, and will be sent post-paid for 51.00. THE STORY OF JESUS. BY MRS. G. R. MORTON. A successful attempt to adapt the life of Christ to the comprehension of children of, four years old and under. The charm of the story and the simplicity of the telling make this one of the very best books that can be given to a child.ŠNew York Observer. 12mo, 316 pages, cloth, printed in colors, $1.00 THE PHILOSOPHY OF THE PLAN OF SALVATION By " an American Citizen" Is something that every Christian ought to read. It is a val. uable book, though not entirely free from remarks which indi-cate wrong ideas. But as these occur only incidentally, and are in no sense essential to the author's course of reasoning, they are unimportant. The book can be safely put into the hands of any one, and would be especially valuable in dealing with the candid skeptic. Nearly 200 pages, Bound in Cloth, ŠPrice 25 cents.-- ROBERT MORRISON, the Pioneer of Chinese MissionsŠBy Wm. J. Town-send, Sec. Methodist New Connexion Mis-sionary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illus-trated, cloth extra, 75 cents. JOHN WILLIAMS, the Martyr of Erro-man gaŠBy Rev. J. J. Ellis. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. Order of PACIFIC PRESS, Or Oakland, Cal. 43 Bond Street, New York City 