370 SJETVICIENITiLd. Vol.. 10, No. 47. grounds; the very grounds upon which Judge Gibbons declares that " it finds no warrant in the Constitution, State or Federal." The fact is, that we find nowhere else in our statute books any legislation similar to the Sunday statutes of the several States. The prohibition of Sunday labor is openly declared in some States to rest upon moral and reli-gious grounds. This is notably true in Ten-nessee, Maryland, Georgia, and New York. Sunday work is ,likewise prohibited in other States, but in most of them professedly on so-called civil grounds, as a " police regulation," or a kind of " sanitary measure," because " man's physical necessities demand stated periods of rest," etc. But no corresponding attempt has ever been made to provide for the physical necessities of the people in the mat-ter of rest. It is necessary that people should rest at night, and they should not over-work during the day; but, who ever heard of a law forbidding anyone to work whenever he de-sired to do so, except on Sunday? or requiring everybody to retire to bed at a certain hour and to spend a given number of hours in bed? The nearest approach that we have to this are laws fixing the number of hours that shall constitute a day's work; but such laws do not forbid persons to labor longer if they see fit. Moreover the Sunday laws of most of the States bear upon their face evidence of their religious character. Such terms as "sabbath" and "Lord's day," and "sabbath desecration," and " whoever shall profane the sabbath," are too common in Sunday legislation to permit the idea that such statutes are simply " sani-tary measures" or " police regulations." Judge Gibbons' decision marks no advance-ment in the direction of religious liberty in this country; on the contrary, it rivets more firmly the fetters which bind the American people to the Sunday Juggernaut. He de-clares the act in question unconstitutional solely because it is class legislation. He con-fesses that barbering is in itself innocent; yea, that " it has long been recognized as a handiwork that very materially adds to the cleanliness and comeliness of the human family." He even finds scriptural indorse-ment of the trade, and yet he holds the act to be unconstitutional and beyond the legitimate power of the legislature, only because other equally harmless and even necessary occupa-tions are not likewise prohibited! If the act had been general in its terms, if it had pro-hibited all manner of labor and business on Sunday, " works of necessity and charity only excepted," there is no question, judging by his own words, that Judge Gibbons would have sustained it. EX-CONGRESSMAN SNODGRASS. IN the course of his speech in the Advent-ist cases at Dayton, Tenn., Nov. b, Ex-Con-gressman Snodgrass said, as reported in the Chattanooga Times, of the 6th inst.:Š " So far as I am concerned, the very law is obnoxious. I believe it is a violation of the organic law of the land. I believe that if the highest court in the land should ever have an opportunity to pass upon it, it would be de-clared void. " They have as much right to keep the sev-enth day if they believe that it is the day they ought to keep holy as you have to keep the first day. One man believes in sprinkling, another in immersion. It is simply a differ-ence in opinion; it is simply the exercise of judgment and conscience. " Some governments said to which church you should belong and what money you should  pay to the church; and to raise your voice against these decrees was certain death; and this statute on our books is a relic of that past; it is a part of that barbarismŠit is a part of the Dark Ages. Why, the idea of such a law in a free country like this, where a man believes he is serving God by keeping Saturday, and he is doing his duty to both God and man to rest on the seventh day. It is a violation of personal liberty to punish him." Continuing, Mr. Snodgrass argued that the law was a violation of the bill of rights, and concluded by telling the jury that regardless of this question they should acquit the de-fendant, as the one act proven was not suffi-cient to constitute the offense charged in the indictment. WE STAND FOR LAW. WHILE so much is being said about the ne-cessity of abiding by the law, the AMERICAN SENTINEL would, if possible, lift its voice higher than all others in behalf of the prin- ciple of allegiance to law,Što that which is the law, in the paramount sense of the word. It is for this principle that the AMERICAN SENTINEL stands, and for it every word that it speaks is uttered. We stand for law,Šfor right, for justice, for those eternal principles of the same which pertain to man's relation to his fellow-man, and to his God. This is law, and ever has been and must be law, independently of the ideas, the customs, and the statutes which have temporarily prevailed, in successive gen- erations of human history. What is law? Let us seek an answer from that Word which is infallible: " There is one Lawgiver, who is able to save and to destroy." Jas. 4: 12. " The Lord is our judge, the Lord is our lawgiver, the Lord is our king; he will save us." Isa. 33: 22. All law is of God; he is the Creator of all, and in him therefore the eternal principles of right and justice must have their origin. Even the "laws of nature" are the laws of God. " The heavens declare the glory of God, and the firmament showeth his handiwork." Sun and moon and shining stars in their orderly courses, without the sound of speech or lan-guage, proclaim, " The law of the Lord is perfect." Ps. 19..7. Shall man, in the name of law, make void that law? Shall we stand in defense of any- thing which presumes to set aside one of the precepts of the Creator, under the plea of allegiance to law? To such questions we can-not so ably voice a fitting reply as is done in the following words by the Rev. Geo. Elliott, in his essay, " The Abiding Sabbath,"Šthe Fletcher Prize Essay for 1884:Š Long should pause the erring hand of man before it dares to chip away with the chisel of human reas-onings one single word graven on the enduring tables by the hand of the infinite God! What is proposed ? ŠTo make an erasure in a heaven-born code; to ex-punge one article from the recorded will of the Eter-nal! Is the eternal tablet of his law to be defaced by a creature's hand ? De who proposes such an act should fortify himself by reasons as holy as God and as mighty as his power. None but consecrated hands could touch the ark of God; thrice holy should be the hands which would dare alter the testimony which lay within the ark. By the lasting authority of the whole Decalogue with which the fourth commandment is in-separably connected, which is the embodiment of im-mutable moral law, and by the very words used in framing the command, the Sabbath is shown to be an institution of absolute, universal, and unchanging obligation. But what has been done by the statutes of men? That precept of the eternal code which  says, " The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God; in it thou shalt not do any work,"Šwhich points out the true God, the creator of the heavens and the earth,Šhas been set aside and a rival day exalted in its place. The first day of the week is sought to be forced upon people as the weekly rest-day by the law of the land. Is it allegiance to law to side with this dar-ing attempt to set aside the law of the High-est? Are the well-being of society and the interests of good government to be promoted in that way? The SENTINEL says, No; and therefore it is constrained to lift its voice of warning against the Sunday-exalting statutes, which are based, one and all, upon the assumption that Sunday is the Sabbath. In so doing it does not strike against law, but stands for the law of the Eternal, which cannot be set aside without the most disastrous consequences to mankind. THANKSGIVING. TO-DAY is Thanksgiving, set apart by the President of the United States "as a day of thanksgiving and prayer, to be kept by all our people." " On this day," says the Presi-dent, "let us forego our usual occupations, and, in our accustomed places of worship, join in rendering thanks to the Giver of every good and perfect gift, for the bounteous re-turns that have rewarded our labors in the field and in the busy marts of trade, for the peace and order that have prevailed through-out the land, for our protection from pesti-lence and dire calamity, and for the other blessings that have been showered upon us from an open hand. And with our thanksgiving, let us humbly beseech the Lord to so incline the hearts of our people unto him that he will not leave us nor forsake us as a nation, but will continue to us his mercy and protecting care, guiding us in the path of national pros-perity and happiness, enduing us with recti-tude and virtue, and keeping alive within us a patriotic love for the free institutions which have been given us as our national heritage." And this is officially done, as is witnessed by the these words: "I, Grover Cleveland, President of the United States, do hereby ap-point and set apart Thursday, the 28th day of the present month of November, as the day of thanksgiving and prayer, to be kept and ob- served by all our people." But by what right does the President of the United States set apart a day of thanks-giving, " to be kept and observed by all our people" ? Who has appointed the President of the United States the high priest of the nation, the pontifex, maximus of the American stomach, which once a year demands a sacrifice of roast turkey, cranberry sauce and pumpkin pie ? Who does not know that this whole Thanks-giving business is a hollow mockery, and that it is impossible for the nation as such to give thanks to God, and that the only genuine thanksgiving is that which wells up from in-dividual hearts ? Thomas Jefferson, when President, con-sidered himself prohibited by the Constitution from issuing any such proclamation. He said :Š I consider the Government of the United States as interdicted by the Constitution from intermeddling with religious institutions, their doctrines, discipline, or ex-ercises. But it is only proposed that I should recommend, not prescribe, a day of fasting and prayer. That is, that I should indirectly assume to the United States an authority over religious exercises, which the Con-stitution has directly precluded them from. It must be meant, too, that this recommendation is 