VOL. 8, No. 6. 48 NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 9, 1893. NOTE. Š Any one receiving the AmmucAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the Smarms!, need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. ONLY the Author of religion can im-pose penalties upon irreligion. Human laws enforcing religion are inevitably un-just. Unjust laws necessarily breed an-archism. Sunday laws, with all other civil laws upon religion, are inequitable. Their attempted enforcement is very likely to breed civil disturbance. Among those whose financial interests are interfered with or social pleasures curtailedŠwhose sole interest at stake is a selfish oneŠopposition by violence is not at all un-likely. Those who think otherwise, or who doubt the probability of this do not understand human nature. Such demon-strations as that of the Sunday evening mob at Denver are not at all surprising, when unwarrantable laws are attempted to be enforced. Ł PARIS, Tenn., is seeking a historical reputation by the side of Salem, Mass. Read the letter on another page headed " The Tennessee Inquisition at Work." Consider what the continuance of such a course must logically result in. These Adventists obey the command of God, nothing more. They bring no harm to any one. The law under which they are persecuted is as contrary to the original principles of this government as it is opposed to the religion of Jesus Christ. Which shall yield ? Which must yield ? Will God ever give precedence to a hu-man enactment ? Will those who serve him and maintain the perpetuity of his law ever acknowledge a superior author-ity ? Is it not time for the persecutors to stop and consider lest haply they be found even to fight against God. A VERY acceptable communication CODles 40 the SENTINEL from Tennessee this week, and is published elsewhere under the title, " The American Theory of Government." Such an expression as this is especially acceptable coming from a State where the courts seem, even more than elsewhere, dominated by reli-gious precedent. There is one sentence in the letter of our correspondent of which perhaps he did not realize the full scope, where he says, " I believe that the Con-stitution and laws of every country should embody the fundamental principles of Christianity, and that this is essential to good government." What are some of these fundamental principles ? To love God with all our heart and our neighbor as ourselves; to love our enemies; to for- give those who trespass against us as we hope to be forgiven; to do unto all men as we would that they should do unto us. Is it not evident that here are principles which can not be applied in human law for the reason that they are the outward expression of an inward grace abiding in the individual heart. Is it not true that good government can go no farther than exact justice and even-handed equity, while the fundamental principles of Christianity are as much above that as the heavens are above the earth, as God is higher than fallen man ? Christ died to save sinners. That is the fundamental postulate of Christianity. Constitutions and laws can not embody the principles of Christianity any more than one drop of water which the chemist has condensed in his retort can contain the ocean. THE Republican of Havre de Grace, Md., has the following sensible paragraph relative to the Sunday-closing contest :Š The Government of the United States is neither religious nor irreligious; it is non-sectarian, and purely secular. It has no right, acquired or other-wise, to regulate the conscience or meddle with the religious belief or unbelief of any citizen. We deny the constitutional, legal, or any right of Congress, to make a bargain with the World's Fair managers or anybody else, for either the opening or closing the World's Fair on Sunday. Congress has no more right to prescribe the religious observance of sab-baths or holy clays than to order sacraments and to ordain creeds of faith. That is sound. It is the whole question in a nut-shell; for, as the Republican also says, " It is not a question whether the closing of the gates on Sunday would be a monetary injury and loss to the working-man, or a boon to the theatres, dance houses and Sunday saloons; there can be no class distinction, as all citizens stand upon common ground in this respect, and demand Congress to repeal its illegal act in meddling with a religious controversy and inserting a religious proviso in the appropriation to the World's Fair." IT is not improbable that Kansas City, Mo., will shortly furnish an instance of a conflict between the civil law and the in-dividual conscience. That city has a clause in its charter imposing a penalty of $2.50 on every voter who, while a resident of that town, does not vote at any election. Last year 18,271 of its voters failed to per-form their duty at the polls, and suit has been entered against one of them, B. T. Whipple, a prominent citizen, to make him pay for his neglect. At the end of the trial, if decided in favor of the city, other non-voters will be brought to court until the whole number have suffered the penalty for taking no part in the election. It seems very probable that in this large number, there will be found some who have conscientious scruples against voting. The Reformed Presbyterians very generally hold it as a sin to vote under our "godless" Constitu-tion, and there are not a few individuals in other denominations who think it wrong to vote under existing conditions. The  situation will be highly interesting should the event prove that some of these non-voters are such because of conscientious conviction. A JUDGE to whom a number of copies of the SENTINEL had been sent writes as fol-lows to the one from whom he received the papers:Š Decatur, Ill., Dec. 19, 1892. MR. GEO. TUTTLE, Springfield, Ill., Dear Sir: Your favor of the 27th ult. came duly to hand as did also the papers. I took great inter-est in their perusal, for though not agreeing with all the matters promulgated, nevertheless I am in profound sympathy with the spirit of jealousy of encroachment of the civil power upon liberty of conscience, thought, and action in matters religious. I can well understand how 'men may differ on tlsese points, and I can also well understand how the sacredness of my own right of opinion and action rests on no higher or more secure ground than the right of my neighbor, and as a matter of unquestionable principle, so long as I cherish my own right I must vindicate that of my fellow, how-ever he may differ with me, I regard the increas-ing watchfulness on this subject as eminently conservative and the duty of every lover of personal, religious liberty. I thank you for your courtesy, Very respectfully, If all judges were of the same opin-ion there would be in this country less religious legislation by judicial decisions than there is; principle and not precedent would govern our courts. A GOOD deal is being said nowadays about the annexation of Canada, and the idea is quite popular; but some objection has been raised on account of the Province of Quebec, in which the Catholic Church, as an organized institution, still enjoys substantially the privileges and the pre-dominance guaranteed to it by the treaty under which France ceded the province to England. With this fact as a basis, some of the newspapers have argued that if Canada were annexed to-the United States it could only be done by stipulating for the abandonment of these privileges. To this the Catholic Review replies :Š But why ? Certainly not for any reason in the Constitution of the United States, which merely declares that the " Congress shall make no law " for an establishment of religion, etc. There is nothing to forbid any State legislature setting up an established religion, and, in fact, as all the American world knows, or ought to know, New Hampshire is by its constitution a " Protestant State." And New Hampshire is not the only State that has an established religion. The Granite State is Protestant by consti-tutional provision, while Pennsylvania and Tennessee, and some other States, are " Christian " by decree of their highest courts. Just what that means remains for the courts, or some other authority, to decide; but it will doubtless be decided in due time. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per,  year, - Doe. 25 to 99 " " " 100 to 249 " " " 250 to 499 " 500 to 999 " " " 1000 or more " " To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. tt - - 75c. " - - - 70c. it - - 65c. " 60c 