AMEM-CAN some of the first ones who embraced the Christian religion were very earnest, devoted men, and that there was a great change in their lives for the better. The first missionaries were men with but little means, and received but little from their native land to help them. They had not been reared in luxury, but were men of faith, who believed that God had Łcalled them to preach the gospel to those who were in darkness. After a time, more new missionaries came to the islands, some with more education, and with new, and what was supposed to be broader, ideas as to how the work should be carried forward. Guns and various weapons of warfare were brought to the islands, and when the heathen became jealous and wished to destroy the new Christian church, weapons of warfare were placed in the hands of the Christians, so that they might be able to combat with the heathen about them. After a few battles, the Christians conquered the heathen, and gradually all adopted the form of Christianity. The missionaries then thought it would be well to es-tablish their religion by law, and laws like the following were enacted:Š "Jehovah is King of all kings; by him the princes rule and the people have peace." "All who break these laws are to be treated the same." "Only church mem hers are entitled to hold office in the government." "People are not to bathe, wash clothes, or cook food between the hours of 9 A. M. and 3 P. M., on Sun-, days." "Those who do not keep the Sabbath (Sunday) fire to be fined." "No new religion is to be allowed on the island. If missionaries of another faith teach their religion in this land, and will not refrain from it, they with their converts must be banished." I visited one district where they had recently made a, new law, that, unless ill, every man, woman, and child must attend church on Sunday. If one failed to reach the church, he was fined twenty cents. I asked the cause of the new law, and was told that their meetings bad been very poorly attended for some time, but that since the law had been passed, there bad been a good attend-ance every Sunday. One Said, "See how many there are here to-day." tshould think that there were about 150 present, while there was only an average of about ten in attendance before the law had been made. I asked, "What do you do with the money raised by fines?" They replied, "0 we keep it until there is enough, and then we are going to have a feast." I asked who was to superin-tend the feast, and was told that it was the church, but that all were attending meeting so faithfully then that it might be a long time before they would have enough money to buy the needed things. It can be readily seen that the object of the laws to which I have referred, was to help the church. It may have been thought by the originators that the native  people needed all the help that could be given them by the government. So they had laws made to prohibit them from doing what they looked.upon as sin. It was as much as saying: "We look to the Lord to be our God and ruler, and we want this island for the Lord. There is no room for what we call the devil here. So do not bring any other religion to this place, or we will have to cast you out, for ours is the true gospel, and yours is false. We do not want you to teach your erroneous views to our people, for they might believe them and be lost." And it was virtually saying to the islanders: "We know what you ought to do s  to serve God. Now you must do what we tell you that God wants you to do, and if you fail, we must punish you by fines so as to keep you from doing what we believe to be wrong. Do as we tell you to do, and you will be saved. if you do not, we shall punish you so as to make you do right that you may be saved." It is to be remembered that the missionaries were the principal ones in getting these ideas expressed in the laws. The object of this article is not to condemn theprotnoters of these laws, but to consider whether this is the right way to make Christians. If this is the way, we would naturally expect to see quite an improvement in this people during the past 75 years. I wish in another arti-cle to give a brief history of the working of the church in the Society Islands, and will let the reader judge by the fruits borne by this church as to the propriety of trying to make Christians by law. sf S -4 -4. Protestants Surrendering the Reformation. BY C. H. KESLAKE. WHEN the government of the United States began, all was done that was possible to make this nation what every nation ought to be. It recognized the self-evident truth that "all men are created equal; that they are endowed with certain una-lienable rights; that ,among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. That to secure these rights, governments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed." The noble men who wrote the Declaration of Inde-pendence, from which the above is quoted, knew that these rights could not be secure in this country any more than in those which existed before it, unless steps were taken to prevent any church or all churches together having any part in the conduct of its affairs. They recognized the fact that religion is a matter that pertains to the individual, and that where this is not the case, any profession of that kind on the part of the people comprising the government must be at the best hypocritical, and that it must work injustice to those who may be honest and God-fearing. Accordingly this principle was incorporated into the 