AMETZICAN SENTINEL. 349 workers, etc., are beginning to swarm over the earth. False prophets will tell the people that a millennium of peace and plenty is just beyond these terrible troubles, and that the silencing and subjection of those who break the Sunday law, is the only thing that stands in the way of its realization. Then the emnity of the world will focus on God's commandment-keeping people. You may read Rev. 12:17." `And the dragon was wroth with the woman, and went to make war with the remnant of her seed, which keep the commandments of God, and have the testimony of Jesus Christ.'" "The people of God will be tried as by fire. Daniel says, 'Many shall be purified, and made white, and tried; but the wicked shall do wickedly; and none of the wicked shall understand; but the wise shall understand."' "But, mama, I thought you said they would be de-livered." "So they will, my boy. They will be tried; but not destroyed. Satan would delight to have Christ come, and find no living witness; but the martyrs of the past suffice to show his purpose, and so in the very midst of falling plagues, of war, pestilence, famine, and the general upheaval of earthly things, the heavens will depart 'as a scroll when it is rolled together,' and the King of kings will appear in awful majesty, with all his holy angels. Then the righteous dead will be raised, and the living children of God will be 'caught up together with them to meet the Lord in the air.' A happy day will this be for those whose names are found written in the Book of Life; for they are the ones that shall be delivered out of the time of trouble such as never was." F. B. A Card. To all interested in carrying the gospel of Jesus Christ to the inhabitants of other lands and who desire to assist in supporting missionaries already placed and others who may engage in the work, the opportunity is given to make an offering to the Foreign Mission Board of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination. Such donations should be sent to W. H. Edwards, the Treasurer of the Board, 1730 North Fifteenth Street, Philadelphia, Pa. New Tracts. THE three new numbers of the Apples of Gold Library treat of The Power of God, The Sabbath, and Coming of the Lord. Following is a description:Š ept by the Power of God, No. 49, price 25c per 100. In this tract we are shown in verse and script-ure how, when, where, why, and from what we are "kept by the power of God." Judging from the depth of thought and earnestness expressed, the author wrote from experience gained by a living faith. The reader  will find in this tract much that will inspire to a life of faith. The Day of the Sabbath, No. 50, price' $1 per 100. A series of earnest questions on the subject of the Sabbath, covering most of its scripture phases, and bring-ing the truth home to every candid mind in the most direct, convincing, and least prejudicial way. Many of these questions have been successfully used by the author, Eld. S. W. Raymond, in his experience in the past. The Heralds of His Coining, No. 51, price $1.50 per 100. Presents in a brief, yet clear and con-vincing way the fact that our Lord is coming again, the manner of his coming, and many of the chief signs which conclusively show that his coming is near. It is illus-trated with a helpful diagram. The coming of Christ is the greatest event before the world to-day, and this little tract is sent out with a prayer that it may, under the blessing of the Lord, con-vince men that this is really so. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Kansas City, Mo. Oakland, Cal. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 8. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co.. not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin ia sent, register the letter. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in principle. ORGAN-  OF THE International Religious Itiberty Assoeiation. Published Weekly by Paeifie Press Publishing Co. Single Copy, Per Year, - - - - $1.00. $$ 66 Six months, .50 tf Three " - .25 ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York. 