58 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. to, and which every member of Parliament was required to sign:Š " ASSEMBLY AT EDINBURGII1  AUGUST 30, 1639, SESSION 23. "Act ordaining, by Ecclesiastical Authority, the Subscription of the Confession of faith and Cove-nant 'with the Assembly's Declaration. "The General Assembly considering the great happiness which may flow from a full and perfect union of this kirk and kingdom, by joining of all in one and the same covenant with God, with the King's Majesty, and amongst ourselves ; having, by our great oath, declared the uprightness and loyalty of our intentions in all our proceedings; and having withal supplicated his Majesty's high Com-missioner, and the Lords of his Majesty's hon-orable privy council, to enjoin, by act of coun-cil, all the lieges in time coming to subscribe the Confession of Faith and Covenant; which, as a testimony of our fidelity to God, and loy-alty to our king, we have subscribed And see-ing his Majesty's high Commissioner, and the Lords of his Majesty's honorable privy council, have granted the desire of our supplication, ordaining, by civil authority, all his Majesty's lieges, in time coming, to subscribe the fore-said Covenant: that our union may be the more full and perfect, we, by our act and constitution ecclesiastical, do approve the foresaid Cove-nant in all the heads and clauses thereof; and ordain of new, under all ecclesiastical censure, That all the masters of universities, colleges, and schools, all scholars at the passing of their degrees, all persons suspected of Papis-try, or any other error; and finally, all the members of this kirk and kingdom, subscribe the same, with these words prefixed to their subscription, The Article of this Covenant, which was at the first subscription referred to the determination of the General Assembly, being determined; and thereby the five arti-cles of Perth, the government of the kirk by bishops, the civil places and power of kirk-men, upon the reasons and grounds contained in the acts of the General Assembly, declared to be unlawful within this kirk; We subscribe according to the determinationforesaid.' And ordain the Covenant, with this declaration, to be insert in the registers of the Assemblies of this kirk, general, provincial, and presbyterial, ad perpetuam rei memoriam. And in all hu-mility supplicate his Majesty's high Com-missioner, and the honorable Estates of Par-liament, by their authority, to ratify and enjoin the same, under all civil pains; which will tend to the glory of God, preservation of religion, the King's Majesty's honor, and perfect peace of this kirk and kingdom." Notice that this act ordained "a full and perfect union" of the church and kingdom, and the suppression of error " under all civil pains." We cannot but smile when our friend tells how the Covenanters contended for liberty of conscience. They contended for liberty for themselves, that is true; but having obtained it, they were not content therewith, but. must needs force their liberty upon everybody else ! They reasoned, no doubt, that what suited them was good for everybody else, and if other people did not chance to think so, why then they ought, for the good of their own souls, to be compelled to accept the Covenanters' liberty of conscience. To show how completely the church ruled the State, we quote again from the Encyclo-pedia Britannica. After having described the manner by which the Act of 1639 was se-cured, the writer says :Š "The church wt 11QW secure, She had  gained the day, because on this occasion the zeal of the ministers and the interests of the nobles had been both enlisted in her service. The victory had been won in her name, and the influence of her ministers was vastly in-creased. For the spiritual tyranny which they introduced, the reader should refer to Buckle's famous chapter; he think those statements to be partial or exaggerated, to original records, such as those of the presby-teries of St. Andrews and Cupar. The arro-gance of the ministers' pretensions, and the readiness with which these pretensions were granted, the appalling conceptions of the Deity which were inculcated, and the absence of all contrary expressions of opinion, the intrusion on the domain of the magistrate, the vexa-tious interference in every detail of family and commercial life, and the patience with which it was borne, are to an English reader alike amazing. We acknowledge,' said they, that according to the latitude of the word of God (which is our theme) we are allowed to treat in an ecclesiastical way of greatest and smallest, from the king's throne that should be established in righteousness, to the mer-chant's balance that should be used in faith-fulness.' The liberality of the interpretation given to this can only be judged of _after minute reading."ŠEncyclopedia Britannica, art. Presbyterianism. It will not be denied that Buckle was not partial toward religion ; yet since his state-ments are supported by the records, and he gives the authority for them all, no one can deny that he has written the truth. Accord-ingly we quote one paragraph from the "fa- mous chapter" to which the Britannica refers. It will show the effect of the " full and perfect union " of that " kirk and kingdom : "Š "According to the Presbyterian polity, which reached its height in the seventeenth century, the clergyman of the parish selected a certain number of laymen on whom he could depend, and who, under the name of elders, were his counselors, or rather the ministers of his authority. They, when assembled together, formed what was called the Kirk-session, and this little court, which enforced the decisions uttered in the pulpit, was so supported by the superstitious reverence of the people, that it was far more powerful than any civil tribu-nal. By its aid the minister became supreme. For, whoever presumed to disobey him was excommunicated, was deprived of his prop-erty, and was believed to have incurred the penalty of eternal perdition. Against such weapons, in such a state of society, resistance was impossible. The clergy interfered_ with every man's private concerns, ordered how he should govern his family, and often took upon themselves the personal control of his house-hold. Their minions, the elders, were every-where ; for each parish was divided into sev-eral quarters, and to each quarter one of these officials was allotted, in order that he might take special notice of what was done in his own district. Besides this, spies were previ-ously appointed, so that nothing could escape their supervision. Not only the streets, but even private houses were searched, and ran-sacked, to see if anyone was absent from church while the minister was preaching. To him all must listen, and him all must obey. Without the consent of his tribunal, no per-son might engage himself either as a domestic servant, or as a field laborer. If anyone in-curred the displeasure of the clergy, they did not scruple to -summon his servants and force them to state whatever they knew respecting him, and whatever they had seen done in his house. To speak disrespectfully of a preacher was a grievous offense; to differ from him  was a heresy ; even to pass him in the streets without saluting him, was punished as a crime. His very name was regarded as sa-cred, and not to be taken in vain. And, that it might be properly protected, and held in due honor, an Assembly of the church, in 1642, forbade it to be used in any public pa-per, unless the consent of the holy man had been previously obtained."ŠHistory of Civil-ization in England, Vol. 2, chap. 5. We who have never experienced the rigors of ecclesiastical supremacy, can scarcely be-lieve that such a state of things could ever exist. Yet all know that under Papal su-premacy the Inquisition carried on the most barbarous system of espionage, and why should we wonder that it could be done under Presbyterian supremacy. A Catholic is no worse by nature than a man of any other belief. The Catholics did not persecute be-cause they were by nature worse than others, neither was it because their religious tenets were erroneous, but because by their polity they were bound to enforce their religious tenets, right or wrong, upon everybody. If the Catholics were not bound by their supe-riors to carry their religion into politics, they would be just as good citizens as men of any other denomination. And when men of any or all denominations try to enforce their opinions, no matter how true those opinions may be, upon others, nothing but persecution can come. So the Covenanters contended against Catholic Popery, but establiShed Protestant Popery that was equally bad. We do not quote these things for the pur-pose of bringing Scotch Presbyterianism into disrepute, nor for the purpose of holding the Covenanters up to scorn. We simply wish to show the inevitable result of a union, no matter what its nature, between religious bodies and the State. We know that the Na-tional Reformers say that they do not want a union of Church and State, but a union of re-ligion and the State; but, "as we have many times shown, this is a distinction without any difference. That was all the Covenanters wanted. It is sufficient at this time to re-mind the reader that there can be no religion where there are no people to profess religion. Religion cannot therefore be exhibited ab- stractly, but only in connection with some religious body. And so, when you have a union of religion and the State, you necessa-rily have a union of some religious body or bodies and the State. The last quotation we made showed the power which the ministers arrogated to them-selves. The way in which this came about was very natural. They had been foremost in the fight against Catholic oppression, and thus were looked up to with great reverence as in a sense the saviours of the country. Then when freedom from Catholic rule was gained, they were loth to lay down the power which they had acquired, and which the peo-ple readily acknowledged. All history and experience show that when any man once gets power in his hands, he imagines that the peo-ple can never be so well off with that power in any other hands. So the Protestant clergy, believing that the religion which they pro, 