JUNE 20, 1895. A.MIIHAFLICA.N 197 building a fence through his bush. As the farm is-  situated just inside the corporation, the mayor has taken upon himself the task of saving these wicked(?) people by force, if ne-cessary. So last Sunday he sent a man to stop their working or to arrest them on the spot. Mr. Alcock's son, who was plowing the drills with the team, became frightened and. quit work, but the other men replied, to the threats made by the officer that they were not afraid of being arrested; but as the team had stopped they would have to stop planting po-tatoes, but would continue at some other kind of work. As the officer could. not find Mr. Alcock, he waited at the house till he (Mr. A.) came up to dinner. On his arrival the officer made known his business, and Mr. Alcock told him that he was ready to be arrested then, but that he was not ready to stop work on Sunday, for God had said, " Six days shalt `thou labor," and he was going to do so. Mr. A. then explained why he worked on Sunday. The officer departed without making any ar-rests, but threatened that if the work went on the next Sunday he would surely arrest them. Since then the threats have been louder and stronger, but Mr. Alcock and his brethren are firm anal say they shall continue to work on Sunday. So I expect we shall soon see good `Christian men imprisoned in Manitoba for obeying God and disobeying a Romish law which contravenes the law of the Most High. We await with interest the outcome of this affair. W. H. FALCONER. "AN UNRIGHTEOUS LAW CAN NEVER BE SUBMITTED TO." [From the New York Independent, June 131 LIST week we had occasion to speak words of commendation of the Florida Legislature on account of the two laws passed during this 'sessionŠone to prevent prize-fighting and the other to prohibit the lottery. We also ex-pressed the hope that the Shoats bill would not become a law. We now learn that it has been passed by both the House and the Senate and has received the signature of the governor. It is now the law of the State. This law was proposed by the Superintend-ent of Ilducation for Florida. The history of it is this: It was called to his attention that there is a good private school supported by Northern benevolence at Orange Park for the education of those who will avail themselves of its advantages. It admitted and invited negroes: but it being the best school in the neighborhood a number of Northern people who desired their children to be well educated sent them to it. . It thus became, and has been for several years, a mixed school. The fact has been known to the public, and we have published two articles about it. We have known perfectly well that every effort would be made as soon as the facts became fairly known to the people of Florida to have this co-education of the races stopped. Similar attempts were made to destroy Berea College, in Kentucky, and Maryville College, in Ten-nessee; .and when one or two children of white teachers were received as pupils in Atlanta University, the State of Georgia withdrew its annual appropriation as a penalty for co- education. Such opposition is a necessary stage in progress. When the condition of things at Orange Park became known to Superintendent Sheats, -he called the attention of the State Legislature to it, and without mentioning this school by name, but with it and it only in view, he rec-ommended the passage of a law which would make it a criminal offense to allow in any  school, within the State, whether public or private, the two races to receive education to-gether; no colored scholar must be received in a white school and no white scholar in a colored school. The law which he proposed applied not merely to schools supported by the State, but to all other schools as well, whatever their grade or character. He also proposed that hereafter no white teacher should be allowed in any colored schools, whether public or pri-vate, supported by the State or by benevolence, with the exception of certain summer schools or institutes provided by the State. The purpose of this provision was evidently to break down the character of negro schools. The pretense was that negroes should have the whole field of instruction secured for them; that it would be of advanlage to the negro teachers to have the monopoly of such schools. The real purpose was to lower the standard of the schools; for he knew perfectly well that in the infant condition of negro education in Florida it would be impossible to supply as good colored teachers as white in the higher grades. His purpose was to destroy such a school as that at Orange Park, supported by a Northern missionary society, by preventing thoroughly trained Northern teachers from being employed who should be competent, from their acquaintance with the hest normal methods, to instruct the colored youth and thus raise up those colored men and women who should in time be fit to compete with white teachers. Such a bill we now understand has become law. Under it the American Missionary As-sociation will be required to withdraw its teach-ers from Orange Park and to forbid white scholars to attend its instruction. We are not informed what that association will do, but we can guess with some assurance. It is not an association which has been in the habit of dodging unpleasant duties; it has not run away from the field of conflict. It believes that God equally loves white and black and xed and yellow; and that the caste prejudice which attempts to keep down one race in its struggle for emancipation and elevation is wicked and hateful. We guess, with some assurance, that its teachers have the same spirit; that they wish to provoke no conflict, but that if a conflict is forced upon them and an unrighteous law is thrust in their faces, they will not run away. They will believe it better to obey God than man; they will not refuse to teach col-ored pupils; they will welcome all pupils, white and colored alike. And if we are not mistaken they will, if arrested, with the Amer-ican Missionary Association behind them, test the constitutionality of the Florida law in the courts of the State and of the United States, and will find out whether a State has any such right to interfere with the liberty of its citi-zens in their private education in schools for which the State does not pay out one cent. An unrighteous law can never be submitted to. A LAWYER'S OPINION OF THE "SENTINEL." Baltimore, Md., June 6, 1895. 'EDITOR AMERICAN SENTINEL: I esteem it one of the most fortunate occurrences of my life, of becoming acquainted with the AMER-ICAN SENTINEL and the people it represents. Up to a few years ago I had no idea that any organization existed in this country, or indeed in the world, for the purpose of fighting for liberty of conscience in the name of Christian-ity, notwithstanding the fact that this is the only religion in the world, so far as I am aware, which proclaims that doctrine as its  corner-stone. I had always supposed that this cardinal principle of Christianity was left to be defended by agnostics, etc. As wonderful to me as the discovery of the International Religious Liberty Association and the Seventh-day Adventist Church with this extraordinary appreciation of true Chris-tianity, not less marvelous has been the unerring balance and strict and discriminating sense of justice with which, under all circumstances, your people and your paper serve the great cause to which they are devoted. In my judg-ment your paper cannot be too widely circu-lated for the good of the country and for the preservation of mankind against the most in:-sidious form of religious tyranny,Šnamely, that which musters itself under the guise of "law and order," and under the base pretense of civil regulation seeks to force upon one set of men an external compliance with the reli-gious dogmas of another. The religious per-secutions of the past were at least honest in that they were undertaken avowedly for reli-gious purposes. This was of course absurd, but it was decent. It has been reserved for our age to commit the unspeakable blasphemy of invoking the name of Christianity to support a warfare upon conscience while hypocritically and vilely pre-tending that only civil interests are in view. To add a lie to cruelty and to practice false-hood along with persecution is a triumph of infamy which so far as I am aware began with the present century. To connect the whole dirty business with the name of Christianity is a climax of wickedness to which no preced-ing age has attained. It is the glorious mission of the SENTINEL and its supporters to expose this atrocity and to fight against it. Success to the paper and all its friends. Truly yours, JAMES T. RINGGOLD. PRESS COMMENTS ON SOUTHERN PERSE-CUTIONS. [From, the Sunday Gazette, Denison, Texas, June 31 WHITHER are we drifting ? Are we going back to the days of Puritan intolerance, and the Inquisition ? It looks very much like it, and it is certainly time that the people arose in their might and called a halt, by electing liberal-minded men to the legislature who will repeal laws that can be made use of by fanatics to persecute those who do not chance to agree with them in religious matters. Franklin was about right when he said a religion which could not be maintained with-out the aid of the civil law was not worth maintaining. Persecution for Conscience' Sake. [From St. Albans (Vt.) Weekly Messenger, April 181 IN obedience to what they believe to be the divine law, the Seventh-day Adventists of Tennessee strictly observe the last day of the week as the Lord's day; at least, they keep it holy quite as scrupulously as the Christians of other denominations keep the first day. This does not conflict with the laws as made and provided for the inhabitants of Tennessee. But they also attend to their usual vocations upon the first day, and herein they Come in contact with the law. It is not charged they disturb the worship of their fellow-citizens or conflict in any way with the rights of others. But they do work on what is made the Lord's day by the purely human statutes of the State of Tennessee. For this their presiding elder and four of his fellow-Adventists were arrested, tried, 