AMERICAN SENTINEL. 711 opinions when they are in the majority, neither have Catholics when they are in the majority. And if neither Protestants nor Catholics have the right, no one has, and this means that church and state should be totally separate, which is our position precisely. Any legal con-nection between the two is wrong in principle and injuri-ous to both. THE growth of ritualism in the Church of England is illustrated in a very curious way by the story of the luncheon given at the opening of the new schoolroom at St. Oswald's College, Elsmere. This is under the control of the Anglican Bishop of Lichfield, and the day for open-ing was fixed for October 22. It appears to have been forgotten that that would be Friday; but it would not do to have a mere fish luncheon, and accordingly, with the invitation to his Grace the Duke of Westminster and other distinguished visitors and donors to the college, there was induced a slip on which it was stated that "the Bishop of Lichfield, who was consulted by the Provost, has given his dispensation from the obligations of the day to those who may desire it." That is, the Bishop tells his Grace and other visitors that if they will go to the opening of the schoolroom they will have an in-dulgence to eat freely of ham sandwiches and chicken salad. And this is modern Protestantism !ŠThe Inde-pendent. A Sign of the Times. "Present Truth," London, Eng.  "ONE of the most notable signs of the times," says the current Review of Reviews, was the action of the Zurich Socialist Labor Congress in favor of making SunŁ day the universal compulsory day of rest. "There were two propositions before the Congress, both insisting on one day's rest in seven, but the English Socialists 'objected to stipulating that this day must be Sunday. Their Continental brethrenŠowing largely to the influence and numbers of the Catholic SocialistsŠwould have no other day but Sunday, and after an ani-mated debate voted down the English opposition by a large majority." The Catholics were only standing by the papal prin_ .ciple of enforced religious observances, and by the insti-tution which Rome in all her teaching claims as the mark of her authority. She boasts of having substituted Sun--day for the Sabbath without Bible authority, and what--ever builds up her substitute adds to her prestige. Mr. Stead thus commends these Catholics for outvot-ing the English delegates, who seem to have stood for -that freedom of choice which even God will not take from men:Š "This was well done! If the rest day is to be gener-ally observed, there must be a general agreement as to what day it shall be. That is why, from the general hu-manitarian point of view, the Seventh-day Adventists,  etc., have always seemed to me to be among the most pernicious of Protestant sects." If so, it is because they are the most-Protestant, and the more scripturally Protestant and Christian a move-ment is the more pernicious will it be considered by any who stand for the papal principle of state-enforced reli-gion of human invention. This issue is of tremendous importance to humanity. What is humanity's need?ŠIt is salvation from sin. God only has power to save men from the greed and sel-fishness and oppression eating into the vitals of society. He only can save men from lawlessness by writing his law in their hearts. But when would-be social reformers shut away his power from men, and teach the world to reject his word and commands, they are shutting away the only hope and Saviour of humanity. And God de-clares that his Sabbath is the sign of his power to save and sanctify. It is a question of loyalty to God, in which way alone is there hope for men. WHEN God instituted the Sabbath day, he set it apart from the other days of the week. But if seventh-day ob-servers can, as is often suggested to them by their would-be friends, begin with Monday in their numeration of the days of the week, so as to bring the seventh day on Sun-day, there would be no force in the fact that the Sabbath day was set apart from the other days. For if it is proper to begin with Monday in counting the days of the week, it is equally proper to begin with Tuesday, and so bring the seventh, or Sabbath, day upon Monday; or beige with Wednesday, and bring the Sabbath day upon Tuesday; and so on through all the days of the week, making any one of them the Sabbath. But if each of them can be made the Sabbath, it certainly cannot be that any one of them is set apart from all the others. The only safe and sensible way is to take God's nu-meration of the days, which begins the week with the day that we call Sunday. And that fixes a definite seventh day for the Sabbath. METHODIST clergymen of Bangor, Me., have begun a movement for improving the morals of the people in that city. In pursuance of this object a union service will be held in the City Hall on Thanksgiving Day, at which four of the clergy will deliver addresses on lawless-ness, its effect, the responsibility, and the remedy. It is expected that the movement will lead to a more active participation by the clergyin local politics, in connection with the "State Civic League," which has branches in the leading cities. But where were morals ever known to be elevated by means of politics? "Tuou hypocrite; first cast out the beam that is in thine own eye, and then shalt thou see clearly to cast out the mote that is in thy brother's eye." 