118 .A.MMILICA.1NT SMINTrIPIN   11-z1112. VOL. 8, No. 15. enormous multitude of fresh enemies these sectarian bigots have made for Christianity in general. They have set the hearts of millions of working people dead against religion as it is managed by the churches. It has not made them less religious but less tolerant of professional religionists. They see the hand of the tyrant peeping from beneath the sacred robe, and they are fleeing from it from one end of the land to the other.ŠThe Jury, A Commissioner's Letter. THIS communication as to Sunday clos-ing of the World's Fair is published in the " Pearl of Days " column of the Mail and Express :Š Washington, D. C., March 29, 1893. To the General Secretary American Sabbath Union, No. 203 Broadway, New York City: My Dear Sir:ŠI have received the circular letter, of yourself and other gentlemen, of March 23, with reference to the Sabbath opening of the World's Fair. I am opposed to such opening. Aside from the general lowering of the sentiment of the entire country, and aside from the many and injurious influences upon the people permanently and tem-porarily assembled in Chicago during the Fair, it has seemed to me that, within the radius of a day's journey from Chicago, the character of the day and its accompanying morality would be disas-trously disturbed. In every city, town or village from which, by rail or boat, the people could reach Chicago and return home in a day, every character of business would necessarily be opened, It would be quite impossible to move such great masses of people on the Sabbath day, in all that radius of country, without feeding and moving them, and otherwise caring for their physical wants in all the usual ways. That would result in keeping open every restaurant, and every character of business, and probably of amusements, in running every char-acter of vehicle, etc. It has seemed to me that the idea of the American Sabbath would receive a blow from which it would never recover. I do not, however, understand how the local direct )ry can claim exemption under the late ap-propriation of Congress. In the first place it is a gift and not a contract. In the second place, if it were a contract, it would be necessary for the local directory to come into court with clean hands be-fore they could ask for relief. They have received all of the two and a half million souvenir coin ap-propriation except the $570,880 held back as secur-ity for awards. So long as they retain that money it does not lie with them to repudiate any obliga-tions, because the congressional condition attaches to one dollar of the appropriation quite as much as to any other dollar, Yours truly, A. T. BRITTON. National Commissioner of the World's Columbian Commission for District of Columbia. This, Dr. Knowles hopes and believes to be the sentiment of the majority of those having control of the question in the in-terest of the Exposition. To Boycott Anyway. THE St. Louis Globe Democrat has these paragraphs from Terre Haute, In-diana :Š The Rev. R. V. Hunter, of the Central Presby-terian Church of this city, who represented the American Sabbath Union and the Young People's Society for Christian Endeavor before the com-mittee of Congress in opposition to the opening of the World's Fair on Sunday, says it has been fully determined to test the legality of the action which the directory is reported to be in favor of taking. The sentiment of opposition, he says, is as strong now as ever it was. He believes that from a finan-cial standpoint the Fair management would be un-wise in having an open Fair, even if they could do so legally. He has been in correspondence with the editors of thirty religious newspapers, and without exception they are not only opposed to open gates on Sunday, but believe Christian people sho aid refrain from visiting the Fair at any time if the gates are open. Several of these editors are squeamish on the boycott phase, but express their intention to advise their readers of their own views on the subject. Mr. Hunter says the boycott idea  is repulsive to him, but that the action of Christian people in this direction does not come under the description of a boycott. It would be no more a boycott than is observed by Christian people who conscientiously refrain from going to saloons or gambling houses. He is of the belief that should it be decided to open the Fair an expression of opinion will be made by religious bodies that will cause a falling off in attendance more than enough to offset the receipts on the twenty-five Sundays. He remarked that the management no longer discusses the Sunday question from the standpoint of its being an accommodation for wage earners, but that it is treated solely with reference to the debit and credit side of the ledger. His estimate is that not more than 100,000 persons will attend on each Sunday who would not pay the same admis-sion money on other days This would net $1,250,-000 for the twenty-five Sundays. He is confident that 1,500,000 or 2,000,000 persons who would have visited the fair not less than three days, will re-main away. The minimum loss of receipts, there-fore, would be $2,250,000. There seems to be a growing determina-tion on the part of the Sunday-closing element to boycott the Fair in any caseŠwhether open or closed. If it is open on Sunday they will boycott it from. a mis-taken idea of religious duty, if closed they will boycott because the manage-ment have been willing that Sunday opening should rule. Who Is Deceived ? THE first week in April was observed by the adherents of the American Sabbath Union as a week of prayer for Sunday observance. The topics which were sug-gested for ministerial attention during this week were :Š First.ŠThat the influence of the World's Fair may be on the side of Sabbath observance, moral-ity and righteousness. Second.ŠThat the tide of Sabbath desecration may be stayed. Third.ŠThat the value and beneficence of the Christian Sabbath may be better understood and appreciated, and pastors and people be faithful in maintaining it. Fourth.ŠThat the right of the great armies of employes in railroad and postal service to a Sab-bath of rest may be protected. It is noticeable that while this is in-tended to be in the interest of Sunday observance the term " Sunday " nowhere appears, but instead the word " Sabbath " is used, which distinctly applies to an-other day. It should be remembered that this is addressed to ministers who are well read and well-informed men. What a strange discrepancy for intelli-gent men to fall into in addressing an all-wise Deity! Who is deceived by this? Themselves, or God, or no one ? A Word of Commendation. EDITOR SENTINEL : For Some months past the writer has been a casual, and recently has become a regular, reader of the AMERICAN SENTINEL, in connection with general reading and study of his-tory, secular and biblical, ancient and current. Observing the present trend of legis-lative enactments and the lethargic in-difference with which the American peo-ple allow their rights to be invaded, the demand for religious legislation which encroaches the domain of conscience and individual rights, and leads to the sub-version of the very principle for which the Pilgrim Fathers contendedŠ" free-dom to worship God "Šthe position taken by the SENTINEL to resist this invasion, is brave and timely. The realm of con-science and individual liberty is sacred, and guaranteed by the Constitution of the United States, but it is threatened by  enactment of civil laws, which abridge the rights of individuals and of conscience. The faithful SENTINEL raises the alarm and points out the danger in a style of concise, forcible statement, supported by cold, stubborn facts and advocated with such clear, logical, convincing arguments, that it is patent to the thoughtful that its position is entirely tenable. Only a few days ago, a Catholic priest said, regarding the fitness of a candidate for a political office, who is not an ortho-dox believer, "It is altogether wrong for such men to be put up for office, the law ought to be changed so that such a man could not hold office." When it was suggested that a man's religious belief or non-belief should not disqualify him for the administration of civil law, the priest replied, " It is ridiculous to think of such a thing," that " a man who does not believe in a God [according to his creed, I sup-pose] ought not to be tolerated, much less elected to a public office." There it is, a demand for the union of Church and State, pure and simple. Change the law, so as to require a reli-gious qualification to hold office. What next ? Establish an inquisition to deter-mine who is eligible ? How else could it be determined ? Then what ? Weed out of the public service all who might dis-turb its harmony, using the secular power to enforce the ecclesiastical decrees, the Church being the dominant party. The unerring pen of impartial history records on its bloodiest pages the results of such a combination. Are the citizens of this American Republic prepared for such consequences ? The common public do not seem to apprehend any danger, but, on the contrary, are nursing and fondling the power that would strangle their liber-ties. Speak out, brave SENTINEL! Shout louder ! Some will hear and heed the warning, even though the thoughtless throng pass swiftly on in multitudes to the valley of decision. D. E. LYON. Fast-day in Massachusetts. THE fact that the historic legislative fast-day of Massachusetts has degener-ated into a holiday, used almost entirely for games and revelry, has led to an at-tempt to repeal the statute, requiring the governor to set apart the day by procla-mation. The presentation of the bill for repeal created not a little discussion among the clergy of the State, and con-siderable influence was brought to bear upon the legislature to retain the statute in reference to the observance of the day. In deference to this the legislature re-fused to pass the bill for repeal. The governor, accordingly, has issued a proc-lamation which must seem to the simon-pure puritanic mind to be couched in rather singular terms. The proclamation reads:Š WHEREAS, Our pious ancestors established the custom of setting apart, by public authority, a day of fasting, humiliation and prayer to God, that the whole people might thereon, in public and private, unite in such holy service and devotion to their Creator, as the day, alike in its name and purpose, suggested: and, WHEREAS, Long continued usage now requires the annual appointment of such a day, although it has ceased to be devoted generally to the purpose of its origin, but is appropriated and used as a holiday, for purposes at variance with its origin, its name and its solemn character; and, WHEREAS, This day is recognized in the statutes of the commonwealth and set apart as a holiday, and recent legislative action has decided that no change is to be made in regard to it; it therefore 