272 A.ItlIOLLEtiCAN SENTIN   IF 1Th. Vol.. 8, No. 34. NEW YORK, AUGUST 31, 1893. ligr.  ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked " Sample Copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance. except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINgi, need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. WILL the gentleman who has sent us a communication from Muddy Lane, Mo., please send us his name ? IT is announced that the Supreme Court is to grant a re-hearing on the Geary law. As one of the five justices who sustained the law has since died, it is thought that the court may reverse itself and declare the law unconstitutional. ASIDE from the merits of this law from a purely civil and politic standpoint, it ought not to be difficult for the court of last resort to decide against the act if it would only adopt the same course of rea-soning pursued in the case of the Rector and Vestry of Trinity Church vs. the United States. IN the decision of Feb. 29, 1892, in the case just referred to, the Supreme Court held that Congress could not exclude clergymen because this is a Christian Na-tion. If that reason is potent in the one case it ought to be also in the other. No-body can defend the anti-Chinese law from a Christian point of view, and the " Chris-tian sentiment of the country" is clearly against it. The attorneys for the Six Com-panies ought to lead the justices around to their side of the Chinese question, and ask them to adjust their Church and State goggles and look the Geary act over again. THE series of religious congresses will open in Chicago, September 11, and con-tinue seventeen days. The object of this so-called parliament of religions, is thus stated by J. H. Barrows, D. D.: "To furnish a great school of comparative religions; to bring the different faiths into contact and conference; to deepen the spirit of brotherhood ; to bring out the distinctive truths of each religion; to show why men believe in God and in the future life; to bridge the chasms between Christians of different names and reli-gious men of all names; to induce good men to work together for common ends, and to promote the cause of international peace." THE Sabbath Recorder (Seventh-day Baptist) thinks that it might be right under " certain conditions," to make a law shut-ting up dramshops on the first day of the week, but says : " In our own experience and observation, however, the conditions never appear. The situation is an imag- inary one rather than real. If the saloons can be closed on Sunday, they can be closed all of the time. It is difficult to conceive of a man who should want liquor sold on all other days of the week but not on Sunday. Sunday-closing is a half way measure; but it can be attained no more quickly than the ' whole loaf.' Leaving out of account its flavor of religious legis-lation, it is unsatisfactory. No wonder that many good men have not enough faith in it to write their name on a peti-tion in its behalf." IT now transpires that, as reported some time since, President Cleveland did write a letter of congratulation to the Pope, upon the occasion of the golden jubilee of his episcopate. When President before, Mr. Cleveland sent the great " Infallible " a copy of the Constitution of the United States. Such acts are entirely out of place in the chief magistrate of this country. As an individual, Mr. Cleve-land has a perfect right to thus truckle to Rome, but as President he has no right to do anything of the kind. WHAT is the  matter with England ? there they have a Sunday law, and yet "A startling discovery," says The Free Church Monthly, "has been made with re-gard to the condition of Methodism in the midland counties of England. In Bir-mingham alone there are 21,000 empty Wesleyan sittings. On the census Sun-day the chapels were found to be two-thirds empty in the morning, and not two-thirds filled at night." It seems that it takes something more than a legal Sunday to fill the churches. REV. J. J. RANSOM, a correspondent of the Nashville Christian Advocate in a communication to that paper of July 20, quotes a young minister as saying in justi-fication of the boycott on the Fair: "We want to show them that we can't be run over." Mr. Ransom's only comment is: " there spoke the natural man." But that means a good deal when we remember that the " natural man " is but another term for the " carnal mind," which is de-clared to be " emnity against God: for it is not subject to the law of God, neither indeed can be." THE new President of the American Sabbath Union, Rev. Geo. S. Mott, has a series of articles running through The Soldier, a South Carolina paper, in which he says of a divine command for Sunday observance :Š We admit there is no such command. But if we are to be limited by such a demand, all of us shall soon find ourselves in a very entangling predica-ment. Let us point to one as an illustration. Polygamy is an institution recognized in the Old Testament. Its conditions were provided for by divine enactment. Now polygamy is utterly pro_ hibited by the Church, and it is a crime punished by the State. Yet there is no positive divine com-mand recalling that permission of polygamy which was granted in the Old Testament, The Mormon can intrench himself behind the same breastwork of argument, as that put up by the Seventh-day Adventists. He can triumphantly demand the text of Scripture which repeals polygamy. And everybody else can just as emphatic- ally demand the text of scripture which ever commanded polygamy. It is true that polygamy was permitted under the Theocracy, but it never was commanded as a moral duty. If polygamy had ever been as plainly commanded as is the ob-servance of the seventh day, or com-manded at all, then might men reason-ably demand as plain a repeal, but as it was only permitted like divorce, " be-cause of the hardness of your hearts," neither Mormons or any other National Reformers ought to insist that it stands on a par with the Sabbath of the Lord. A WRITER for the Christian Index (Bap-tist), in an article in its issue of June 29, has the following:Š If we cannot persuade men into our way of thinking about religious matters, let us concede to them the same rights of opinion which we claim for ourselves. If I cannot conscientiously visit the World's Fair grounds on Sunday, or read Dickens or Thackeray or Shakespeare or the secular news-papers on that day, that is my affair. My more liberal minded neighbor dare not interfere to force me by law to accept his views on the subject. No more have I the right to force my views upon him. I may endeavor to courteously persuade him to my way of thinking; but the time is long past for appeal to the civic magistrate in such matters. About the most unprofitable business that any gov-ernment can engage in, is legislation on religious subjects. Let it preserve order and allow men to think and act for themselves on matters of con-science. This is in our opinion sound sense. It is a pity all professing Christians cannot see the truth of this statement. The Lord can certainly take care of his own without the aid of civil law. His Spirit is the medium he uses to bring men to him, and his Spirit he gives to all those who truly follow him. It is only when they are without his Spirit that they appeal to civil law. Paul tells us that the " weapons of our warfare are not car-nal," and "this is the word of the Lord, . . . Not by might, nor by power,' but by my Spirit." The Spirit of the Lord is the weapon the Christian should use to fight the powers of darkness, and with this he will succeed, but not by civil enactments. READ the " ad," on another page, of " Little Folks Bible Gallery," and " Bible Pictures and Stories for Little Folks." We have examined these books and can recommend them. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per " year, - - 90c 25 99 " " " " - - - 80c 100 to 249 " " " " - - 75c it 250 to 499 " " " " " - - - 70c ii 500 to 999 " " " " " .. 65c 1000 or more " " " To foreign countries in Postal Union, Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 I3ond Street, New York City, - - 5 shillings 