-6EPTEMBEE i, It3Ub. 101L Pilt! Cil.A.INTlallN Jb.:11LA 410 preach," are dabbling in the cesspool of poli-tics in the vain effort to renovate civil society! But to all who will heed the call the Creator says, " Come out from among them, and be ye separate, saith the Lord, and touch not the unclean thing, and I will receive you." THE KINGDOM OF GOD. IN these days when it is prophesied that "theŁ kingdom of God is to enter the realm of law through the gateway of politics," and so many influential men and women are earnestly working to fulfill the prophecy, it is more than ever important that we understand the nature of that kingdom, as set forth by Him from whom all knowledge upon the subject must be derived. The Scriptures clearly teach that under the regim4 of sin and evil which has prevailed in the earth since man's fall, and will prevail while this world remains, the kingdom of God cannot be a visible kingdom. This is con-trary to the idea which has in all ages been cherished by many professed followers of Christ; but it is the truth, notwithstanding. The idea that the kingdom of God was to be forcibly set up as a visible, glorious kingdom among the other kingdoms of earth, was cherished by the apostles themselves, and was the very last of their false notions to be given up. It was only after a most bitter and trying experience that they did so. At one time, we read, as Christ was on his way to Jerusalem, accompanied by his disci-ples, " he added and spake a parable, . . . because they thought that the kingdom of God should immediately appear." Luke 19: 11. The parable was that of the nobleman who went into a far country to receive a king-dom, and to return; and by it he taught that the kingdom is not to appear until the return of the nobleman; that is, until the return-of Christ, which will be at his second coming in the clouds of heaven. At another time the Pharisees came to him and asked him when the kingdom of God should come? The Pharisees and all the Jews were looking eagerly for the restoration of the kingdom of David and deliverance from the yoke of Rome. In reply the Saviour said, "The kingdom of God cometh not with observation; neither shall they say, Lo, here! or, lo there! for behold, the kingdom of God is within you." Luke 17 : 20, 21. It is directly against this plain declaration that men and women are zealously working to-day in Christ's name. They are striving to make the king-dom of God come with observation. They are trying to give it a triumphal entry "through the gateway of politics." There is nothing more conspicuous to-day than events which come as the result of political agi- tation. The political arena is the cyno- sure of all eyes. Nothing can issue out of that place without attracting world-wide notice. Such efforts must result in utter failure; for the word of God cannot fail. " The kingdom of heaven cometh not with observa-tion." The nature of that kingdom has not changed since the days'of the apostles. The kingdom of God is within the hearts of those who, in spirit and in truth, worship God. The kingdom is now the kingdom of grace, and men enter into it through faith. When faith comes into the heart, the kingdom of God comes with it. The individual's allegi-ance is transferred from the author of sin to the Author of righteousness. The heart be-comes the temple of God, the habitation of his throne. When the grace of God has done its work, Šwhen all have reoeived it who will, and the " mystery of God " is finishedŠJesus Christ will leave the Sanctuary in heaven, where he is now High Priest before the heavenly mercy seat (Heb. 8:1, 2), and will "appear the second time," in the clouds of heaven, unto the salvation of those that look for him. Heb. 9: 28. And when he shall appear in his glory then will his saints also appear in glory, both those who have died in faith and also " we which are alive and remain unto the coming of the Lord." 1 Thess. 4:15. Then will the kingdom of God become a yisible kingdom of glory. But how insignificant will then appear the schemes of misguided men to usher in that awful and sublime condition, through poli-tics. Let Christians and all men turn from earthly vanities unto the living God, and by the power, of God unto salvation, manifested in their lives, hasten the answer to the prayer, "Thy kingdom come." s. BEARING DEADLY FRUIT. THAT " religion in politics," as illustrated in the present campaign, leads directly to the position of the party who are clamoring for religious legislation by State and nation, is evident to a prominent representative of that party, the pastor of St. Paul's M. E. Church, Philadelphia. In the Christian Statesman of Aug. 22, he says:Š Especially will the prominence the money discus-sions on both sides give to moral considerations open the way for Christian ethics. If only in private con-versation with friends be sure to follow up a moral appeal with the value of the Christian amendment. No circumstances can be more favorable than the present conflict. Already the rhetorical figures are of sacred subjects and the fiery appeals to God's higher laws of Christian equity and brotherhood. If all who believe in the Christian amendment will earnestly agitate, the convictions on the subject will most rap-idly grow and bear fruit. It is " National Reform " fruit that will surely be borne upon the Upas tree of religion in politics. s. THE SOURCE OF CIVIL POWER. THAT civil government is ordained of GO is plainly taught in the Scriptures of truth; but that this is so in the sense contended for by some, namely, that governments are en-dowed with extraordinary rights and powers, rights and powers which do not grow out of the very conditions under which governments exist, which do not primarily belong to the people, but which come directly and specially to the government from God, is sustained neither by the testimony of Inspiration, nor by the nature of man and the conditions under which he exists. John Locke, one of the most profound moral philosophers of any age, shows plainly and incontrovertibly in his treatise on " Civil Government," that every power which justly belongs to the State belongs first of all to the individual, and comes to the State from the individual. "God," he says, "having made man such a creature, that, in his own judg-ment, it was not good for him to be alone, put him under strong obligations of necessity, convenience, and inclination to drive him into society." And it may properly be observed that in doing this God ordained civil govern-ment as well as every other relation that grows out of the conditions under which man exists. " The first society," says Mr. Locke, " was  between man and wife, which gave beginning to that between parents and children; to which, in time, that between master and serv- ant came to be added; and although all these might, and commonly did meet together, and make up but one family, wherein the master or mistress of it had some sort of rule proper to a family; each of these, or all together, came short of political society. . . . Con-jugal society is made by voluntary compact between man and woman. . . . It draws with it mutual support and assistance, and a communion of interests too. . . . But the husband and wife, though they have but one concern, yet having different understand-ings, will unavoidably sometimes have differ-ent wills too; it therefore being necessary that the last determination, i. e., the rule, should be placed somewhere; it naturally falls to the man's share, as the abler al d stronger. But this reaching but to the things of their common interest and property, leaves the wife in full and free possession of what by con-tract [or by nature] is her peculiar right, and gives the husband no more power over her life than she has over his." Again, on this very point Mr. Locke remarks, that the power of the husband over the wife is so far from being absolute that she "has in many cases a liberty to separate from him, where natural right or their contract allows it." We do not understand by this that Mr. Locke denies that marriage is a divine insti-tution, but that he asserts that it is entered into by agreement, and that the just powers of the husband are derived from the consent of the wife, which consent, together with compliance with whatever forms may be re-quired by civil society, constitutes her his wife; and that the wife is under obligation to the husband only in that which natural right or their contract allows. The same he shows is true in civil society. He says: "Men being by nature all free, equal, and independent, no one can be put out of this estate and sub-jected to the political power of another with-out his own consent. The only way whereby any one divests himself of his natural liberty, and puts on the bonds of civil society, is by agreeing with other men to join and unite into a community for their comfortable, safe, and peaceable living one with another, in a secure enjoyment of their properties." But that men will and must do this is made cer-tain by the very fact that they are created social beings with equal rights; it follows, therefore, that in creating them thus and as-sociating them together, God ordained that they should thus organize, therefore " the powers that be "Šthe civil powersŠ" are or-dained of God." This view of the matter preserves the per-fect harmony which exists between the teach-ing of the Scriptures on one hand, and the nature of man and the facts of history on the other; while any other theory arrays the Bible against facts as we know them to ex-ist, and makes the Creator responsible for a great deal of very bad and tyrannical govern-ment. CHRISTIANS AND CIVIL GOVERNMENT. WE have been asked the question, Does not the fact that the Christian is an ambassador for Christ debar him from any rightful parti-cipation in civil affairs? An affirmative  view of this question is held by some individuals, and sought to be sup-ported by a parallel drawn with respect to the position of an ambassador from one earthly government to another. At first glance the position seems to be well taken; but a mo- 