.a.IVIE RI CA N SENTINEL. 443 Lion, 'nor to its complex distribution of the powers of government as the organic law.' Executive orders may take the place of legislative acts. The provigional gov-ernment of Hawaii as arranged for by a republican con-gress, appears to be the most perfect type of an absolute monarchy on the face of the earth. Hawaii has no con-stitutional status. It is the mere creation and offspring of legislative caprice, turned over, provisionally, to exec-utive discretion to nurse, absolutely without legal restric-tions or constitutional guides or safeguards of any kind or description. Is this the first fruit of imperialism?" Studies in French History.-30. "THE historian does not certainly give Charles the Seventh a very good name," began the teacher, "and yet he must have had some sense of his own shortcom-ings, because he named his oldest son, who he knew would follow him as king, after the good Saint Louis, who lived so many years before, hoping that he would follow his example. Can any one remember who Saint Louis was, and in what century he lived? "Well, I'm glad to see your hand raised, Jack; how did you happen to remember? I rather expected to see Edna's hand." "Why, professor! you didn't think I could always remember everything, did you? 'cause if you did, you are quite wrong. I only wish I could," said Edna, blushing. "0 no, Edna; but you generally do pretty well. Now, Jack, you may tell me. Who was Saint Louis? and where did he live?" "I wouldn't have known, teacher; only I just hap-pened to be looking over my note book this morning, and I had made a note of it weeks ago, when we passed that point. My book says that he was the ninth of the Capetian kings and reigned in France about the middle of the thirteenth century; am I right, professor?" "Quite right. I am glad to see you still interested in these studies. I am quite sure they will be profitable for you all. "Louis the Eleventh, although named after so kind-hearted and conscientious a man, was not in the least affected for the better by this circumstance. He began his reign in 1461, reigning until 1483. The only religion he ever had was a base superstition. He used to have a habit of carrying many little metal images of saints  around in his cap. Then when he wanted divine help he would quickly take from his cap the particular image of the saint who, as he imagined, would be more likely to hear his prayer than the others, and placing it hastily before him, he would pray fervently for success in his un-dertaking." "I don't see much difference between that way of doing and the heathen's way," said Julia March. "Really there is but little difference, though I suppose King Louis would have felt highly indignant had any one said as much to him. He was the first European monarch, so says Miss Kirkland's history of France, to whom the title 'your majesty' was applied." Milly Brown always had a great desire to know how every famous character looked. So this at once aroused her curiosity, and she asked:Š "Was it because King Louis was a magnificent and majestic looking man? I suppose he was, for I cannot imagine a king looking any other way." "But you know they often do, Milly, and Louis the Eleventh was less kingly in feature and formŠyes, in manner alsoŠthan almost any of his predecessors. His face wore a' look of low cunning, his manners were ungen-teel, and his dress hardly decent." "I don't see what good it was to be a king at all, at that rate," said Milly, whose mental picture of kings and queens was one confused mass of gold and silver and scarlet and royal purple, covering majestic personages with flowing robes and massive crowns. "I wouldn't care so very much what he wore," chimed in practical Jack Smith, "if he would only treat the peo-ple well and respect their rights." "The trouble is, Jack, he did not. He acted much as if no other human being had any rights but himself. .He was equally as intolerant toward the rich nobles as to-ward the poor,Šall were serfs from his point of view, and he continually devoted himself to the task of compelling others to agree with him." "I suppose the rich people objected to his tyranny," said Will Palmeter. "Indeed they did. They were not as accustomed to being treated like dogs as were their poorer neighbors, and they protested most vigorously. The society called `The League for the Public Good' was formed by them; but pure selfishness was at the bottom of it, and the king knew it as well as they did, so of course it did not prosper. "To give you a little idea of this king's cruel and un-forgiving nature, I will tell you of an instance to the point. There was a poor man whom Louis had raised to great prominence, for, on account of his good judg-ment and keen foresight, I suppose he thought he would be useful to him. This man's name was Balue. At the king's request, the pope made him a cardinal. At length Louis found out that this man's friendship was false, and he did the cruel deed of putting him in a little iron cage and keeping him there for years." 