388 AIVIL]al[C_AN VoL. 10, No. 49. to the said charge and to be further dealt with accord-ing to law. Herein fail not. Given under my hand and seal this twenty-second day of November, in the year 1895, at Ridgetown, in the county aforesaid. GEO. A. WATSON, J. P. Mr. Burrill adds: "We were at work erect-ing a new church building at Darrell. The Methodists, who have a church building about one mile away, formed a league and appointed a committee to watch us and lay complaints, which they did." The reader will see that Pastor Burrill's violation of the Sunday stat-ute was of a very aggravating nature,Šas-sisting in the erection of what the Methodists regarded as a rival house of worship. The reader will also observe that this summons affords clear(?) evidence of the purely civil nature of the Sunday statute. Yet the law-enforced Sunday is just as much a civil institution in Canada, as it is in the United States. Our next issue will probably contain a report of the trial of Mr. Burrill and three other members of the Adventist Church of Darrell, who are under similar arrest. THE A. P. A. THE purpose of the A. P. A., in so far as it means the preservation of American civil freedom and American civil institutions from the encroachments of religious bigotry, is a worthy one; but the methods of the organiza-tion cannot be commended. As an illustra-tion of the latter we notice the following press report of recent A. P. A. work in a Kentucky town The emissaries of the A. P. A. have been successful in re-introducing religious services in the public schools at Bellevue, Ky. The motion was a surprise to the majority of the school board, and though many protested against it, when the time to vote came, in addition to Rev. Chas. M. Gallimore, who introduced the motion, and Mr. Burgtorf who seconded it, Messrs. Peacock and Vance voted in favor of it, leaving Mr. Mayer's vote the only dissenting one. When those in favor of the sectarian resolution were asked about the motive of their action, they said: "We did it to annoy the Catholics and keep their children away from the schools." No good can come from such methods of work. No good can come from opposing evil with evil; no success can come from fighting the devil with fire. When Rome's methods are used to oppose her, Rome will gain the victory. There is but one way to overcome evil, and that is, " Overcome evil with good." That is the rule laid down in the Word of God. Do not fight the devil with fire, but oppose him with that inspired Word. Thus it was that the Saviour of the world opposed and con-quered him. and it is very sure that weak, erring mortals of this day cannot successfully meet him otherwise. The Word of God is all-powerful, and therefore nothing can stand against it. The AMERICAN SENTINEL exists for the purpose of opposing the encroachments of Rome, and also of Romanized Protestantism, upon the liberties and rights of the people. It wishes the American Constitution preserved as it came to us from our honored ancestors of the days of Washington, Madison, and Jefferson. It wishes American institutions to be maintained as bequeathed to us by those forefathers, disconnected from all religious questions and considerations. It wishes to see maintained the principle which has found its fullest national expression in our land, of the separation of Church and State. And to this end it is opposing error with the truth, both as found in the Scriptures of truth and in those eternal principles of right and justice  which were implanted in the heart of man by his Creator. In adopting the methods of Rome, the A. P. A. is in reality, though unwittingly, play-ing into Rome's hands; for thereby Rome's methods are justified, and whenever this is done Rome's hands are strengthened. We regret most deeply the waste of an amount of energy and effort which might, rightly di-rected, do much to stay the rapid encroach-ments now being made upon that liberty which is the birthright of all men. MEANING OF THE OATH OF OFFICE. [By Addison Blakely, Ph. D., Lecturer in Political Science and History, University of Chicago.] IT is an important political fact that our free Government with its Constitution and Declaration of Rights is the result of a hun-dred struggles for freedom and a century of battles for liberty. Never did a generation pass but what the authorities in control have attempted either to infringe upon or to over-ride the rights of the people. Treason has been a cloak to shield a myriad of govern-mental crimes. When the Constitution was adopted it had yet been scarce a hundred years since Rev. John James, a Seventh-day Baptist preacher of England, had been hanged, drawn and quartered for his " treasonable" ideas in opposition to the religious views of the persons then having charge of the State. Not only that, but " after he was dead, his heart was taken out and burned, his quarters were af-fixed to the gates of the city, and his head was set up in Whitechapel on a pole op-posite the alley in which his meeting-house stood." * The Constitution of the United States, for the purpose of preventing any such crimes against opponents of Sunday laws or others in America, very wisely provided that " treason against the United States shall consist only in levying war against them, or in adhering to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort." The enthusiastic Sundayist, no matter how many statutes he may use to throw Sabbata-rians in jail, has been stripped of one of his most important weapons of the past. But the Constitution goes further. It ex-acts of every official,Šlegislative, executive, and judicial,Šan oath to support the Consti-tution of the United States, any " law " or statute to the contrary notwithstanding. It imposes this oath not only upon the judge who applies the law to the case before the court, but it imposes the oath upon every officer through whose hands any accused person may go. Any member of the legislature who knowingly votes for an unconstitutional Sun-day bill, any officer who wittingly arrests a person under an unconstitutional Sunday statute, or any justice who understandingly condemns one under such a " law," is a vio-lator of his oath of office and a perjurer before God and the law. The law attempts to pro-tect all in their equal rights, and it attempts to throw around each person ample Constitu-tional safeguard. It is therefore that every person delegated to enforce the law in any position, high or low, swears to support the Constitution. The provisions concerning the oath of office under the United States are as follows:Š The senators and representatives before-mentioned, and the members of the several State legislatures, and all executive and judicial officers, both of the United States and of the several States, shall be bound by * "People's Cyclopedia," page 1598.  oath or affirmation to support this Constitution; but no religious test shall ever be required as a qualifica-tion to any office or public trust under the United States. The oath of office in the State of Illinois is as follows :Š I do solemnly swear (or affirm, as the case may be) that I will support the Constitution of the United States and the constitution of the State of Illinois, and that I will faithfully discharge the duties of the office of  according to the best of my ability. It should be noticed that his oath of office binds him to support only the Constitutions. All obligations resting upon him he derives from that document. He can receive no power or authority of any kind whatever from any statute or pretended law not made in pur-suance of that high authority. And as he is bound to the best of his ability to carry out his oath, he is constitutionally bound to the best of his ability to judge whether he is obeying the Constitution when he is called upon to enforce some statute, or execute some act in connection with the office which he holds. In other words, the very purpose of this oath of office was to make the Constitution supreme. In the first place, every member of the legislature swears to support the Consti-tution, and in voting for what law shall be, is bound to vote only in harmony with the supreme law. But legislatures have, in the past, usurped authority, and therefore the Constitution, in the second place, exacts of the officer who is to execute the law an oath that he will enforce only statutes in harmony with the Constitution. He must take notice, according to his oath, whether or not they conflict with the supreme law. If the legisla-ture has overstepped its legal power, he is bound to stick to the Constitution, and not to such unlawful statute. And in the third place, the same principle applies to the judi-ciary. Under our system of government there is a threefold guard placed around the Constitu-tion and the rights of the people. These are (1) the oath of the legislatureŠthe body whose office it is to declare the law; (2) the oath of the judiciaryŠthe body whose office it is to apply the law in the particular cases that may arise of violation; and (3) the oath of the executiveŠthe body whose office it is to en-force the law. Each body, however, is legally independent of the other, all receiving their authority from a common sourceŠthe Consti-tution. No one department takes any oath to obey or support the acts of any other department, and it is their duty to do so only so far as such duty is laid upon them by the supreme law itself. It is therefore evident that the support or enforcement of any Sunday statute or any other unconstitutional " law " can never become a legal duty; but on the con-trary, every official swears that he will not support them because opposed to that fun-damental law which is his sole official guide. Such " laws " to him must be as though they were not. AGAINST SUNDAY STATUTES. Views of a Prominent Southerner. THE New Orleans Times-Democrat, of Nov. 28, 1895, quotes as follows the substance of a recent interview of a committee of the Ascen-sion and Donaldsonville (La.) Board of Trade, with Hon. Wm. P. Miles, in which the latter expressed himself strongly against all legisla- 