AMERICAN SENTINEL. 27 those who complain that they are "compelled" to keep open on Sunday, have more or less conscience in the matter. Having been taught that Sunday is sacred, they feel some degree of condemnation for doing busi-ness on that day; but this conviction is not sufficiently strong to cause them to act upon it, unless they can be secured from financial loss in so doing. And it is this sort of "morality" that is fostered by all Sunday closing that is not absolutely independent and voluntary, whether secured by agreement or by compulsion. C. P. BOLLMAN. Sunday "Necessities" in New Jersey. "New York Journal," Jan. 1. RECORDER SENIOR has established a queer precedent at Paterson, N. J., in an action under the old statutes known as the Blue Laws. Last week he declared guiltless a number of barbers who were accused of doing business on the Sabbath, reasoning that shaving has become a positive necessity, and that the Blue Laws, which bar almost everything but prayer on Sunday, make an exception of the abso-lute necessities. The decision caused some surprise, as the barbers and their friends had not a doubt that the law was with them. Yesterday the Recorder gave his decision in the closing crusade against selling meat on Sunday. He decided that these sellers were guilty of an infraction of the law and therefore punishable by a fine of $1 and costs. A comparison of the two rulings shows that it is necessity to get shaved on Sunday, but that it is need-less to eat. At about the same time of the day in Passaic city a barber and two dry-goods merchants were being fined for keeping open on Sunday. The Decline of Justice. WHAT other thought but that expressed in the above heading can come into the mind as one reads of such deliverances from the judicial bench as are recorded in the following? We quote from the Journal, of this city L- "The commonest principles of justice and humanity must be lacking in the brain of a man who can sit in a Judge's chair and say solemnly to a jury:Š "If a railroad company kills a child, its parents should be satisfied with $1. damages. Children are a source of expense to their parents, and are of no pecu-niary benefit.' "Yet this is the expressed opinion of Supreme Court Justice Gummere, of New Jersey. Only one dollar for the life of every child killed under the wheels of a train or trolley car. The market value of an ordinary dog is five times as much. A pig is worth more. "Where is the heart of a man who can place the value of the lives of his children at $1 each because they are 'a source of expense' and of 'no pecuniary benefit'? "What an encouragement to reckless motormen or engine drivers. They can afford to run over and kill children every day in the year without materially inter-, fering with the stockholders' dividends. `ŁIt is not the pecuniary benefit to be derived from such damage suits that parents of dead children look for. It is the restraining influence which a penalty of $10,000 or $20,000 always exerts upon reckless com-panies that must be considered. ' "Scarcely less foolish than the opinion of Justice Gummere is that delivered by Justice Robinson, of the Superior Court of Connecticut. He says:Š " 'Provided the railroad company killed the man painlessly, $10 is sufficient damages for his relatives. The relatives must prove that the man suffered pain to get more. The fact that the body is mutilated does not prove it.' "Here is another gem of jurisprudence. A man put to death painlessly is worth $10. A man who suffers some pain is probably worth $100. On the other hand, and in accordance with the same rule, a man who is run over by a trolley car and dies shouting praises for the company would have to pay for the privilege." "A Wide-Reaching" Decision. IT is "an important decision," says the Catholic Monitor of the Supreme Court's affirmation in the case brought to restrain the United States treasurer from giving public funds to a Roman Catholic institution. And it repeats: "This decision has a wide-reaching im-portance." Of course it hasp and no one understands better what this "wide-reaching importance" is than 'these Catholic authorities who appear to be so innocent o f any intention to serve the purposes of the Catholic Church through these institutions supported by tax-paying Protestants. A Roman Catholic hospital is an institution of the Catholic Church, established to serve the purposes of the church. There is not a Roman Catholic institution'  in existence that does not have as its primary and lead-ing purpose, the spread of the Roman Catholic religion. All Catholics the world over are instructed that the interests of their religion are to be put before all other interests in their lives, and that, their first and highest duty is to the Catholic Church. And when money is paid to Catholic institutions, that money goes directly to advance Roman Catholic interests, and would not go more directly to that end if paid to the Catholic Church itself. And now if this Catholic institution in questionŠProvidence Hospital, in Washington, D. C.Šcan be in-corporated and endowed in this way, how many other Catholic institutions of like character can be devised,  and incorporated and endowed from the public funds 