AMERICAN SENTINEL. 291 vana; or if they had been, sunk or disabled by the fire of the enemy's guns, the country would have been pointed to it as a clear and terrible result of disregard of the "Sabbath." And being the opposite of the result which we are assured Sunday desecration must' bring, it is clearly true that either Sunday is not the Sabbath at all, or that there is nothing in the theory by which temporal judgments are threatened to desecrators of the day; or both. It is to point out how utterly valueless and unworthy of notice is this principle of National Reform doctrine, that we mention the coincidence of this naval battle and victory, with Sunday. The doctrine that Sunday dese-cration brings disaster upon the nation is just as weighty with truthŠand only soŠas were the curses pronounced by the Catholic priest upon the crops of one of his flock who had dared to break away from his control, with the result that the next season the farmer came to the priest with the request, "If ye plase, sir, would ye come agin and curse me crops?" RornanismŠRetrocession. Translated from the "Estandarte," Buenos Ayres. FROM the archbishop downward the Catholics do not tire of claiming that the world owes its progress and advancement to the Catholic Church; and even dare to affirm that to effectually cure all social evils, the only remedy is to diffuse the doctrines of the Romish Church. However, this is nothing more than ecclesiastical music. Romanism and Retrocession are synonymous. One has but to look to the nations where the papist teachings are dominant, to clearly prove this great truth. We do not wish to refer to Spain now, which owes all her misfortunes, all her evils to RomanismŠthe unsur-mountable stumbling-block in her wayŠwhich hinders her from taking a single step, and which binds her to such a degree, as to incapacitate the wings that could help her rise to great and noble heights. Romanism, we have said, is synonymous with Retro-cession, and as a proof of this in America, we shall tran-scribe what is editorially written in El Radical, of Colque-chaca, Bolivia, with regard to what transpires in the Republic of Ecuador :Š "The presidents of the republic of Ecuador are nomi-nated by the pope. The priests are authorized to dictate all laws there; consequently, the country lacks railways, telegraphs, telephones, mail coaches, high roads (with the exception of those roads which the Incas opened up before the conquest). "In the city of Guayaquil, the only Ecuadorian port, there reside many foreigners. These have long desired to extend a telegraph line to Quito, but the fanatical populace, urged on by the priests, cut the wires each time they are extended. They have no wish that modern ideas should penetrate into their midst. There is also a law that prohibits the importation of books without previ- ous ecclesiastical sanction. The expurgatory index is. placed in charge of the Jesuitic fathers. There is no ac-count given of the income or expenditure of the national, treasury, but it is well known that the funds that are not transmitted to Rome are filtered into the churches and convents for the protection of priests and monks. When the income does not cover the expenditure, the deficit is. demanded, sword in hand, from the merchants of Guaya-quil. This proceeding in no way pleases the foreign ele-ment, and to free themselves from these unpleasant mili-tary visits, they nail in the front of their houses shields. upon which are painted their national colors, also plac-ing beneath some phrases similar to the following: 'Here lives a Frenchman.' He who lives here is an American.' `The owner of this house is a German.' "One can only go from Guayaquil to Quito the Capi-tal by making a nine days' ride on mules. The road isŁ  mountainous and wretchedly bad, nor can one see-throughout the journey a single wayside inn or hotel in,  which to repose. Quito is a city populated by about 200,000 inhabitants, yet it is found in exactly the sameŁ benighted condition, morally and intellectually, as it was 300 years ago. There, they receive no communication from the rest of the world. There, they publish neither'  daily, weekly, nor monthly papers. There; they have no-schools outside of those under the auspices of the monks,. wherein the pupils are taught to count the'beads very well, but to read very bad. There, the lives of the 'saints' Šstupid Romish fablesŠtake the place of scientific in-struction. The moral and intellectual degradation of Quito exceeds that of Egypt and India. The clergy teach with the most correct example gluttony, drunkenness, indolence, and voluptuosness. In fact the whole course of instruction received there can be summed up as follows: Daily mass, auricular confession, full submission to the priests, license to the evil propensities of corrupt nature-to run their full course; the people knowing that the priest is ever at hand to pardon all lapses from morality..  Four fifths of the population can neither read nor write. The republic is one only in name, becauSe its constitution declares that the nation exists wholly and entirely conse-crated to the service of the holy church. "The army is divided into four corps,. called 'The di-vision of the Holy Virgin.' Division of the Holy Spirit.' `Division of the Son of God."Division, of the body and' blood of Christ.' The 'Sacred Heart of Jesus' is the na-tional emblem, and the president's staff are denominated,  `The holy lancers of the Holy Mary.' It is to be suppose& that there are no Protestants in Quito, since they would not be tolerated in the place. Even the faithful who does-not frequent the sacrament is stoned. "Behold the republic of Ecuador beneath the baneful' power of the pope of Rome! Behold also an unimpeach-able witness, and an incontrovertible proof of what the fruits of Rome are; intolerance and ruin in every senset Quito, the city, geographically, the most elevated of the globe, is to day, from the moral, intellectual, and political point of view, the most depraved in the universe, thanks. to Romish theocratic influence. "Behold here small picture of the benefits, progress,. and civilization, such as proceeds from Romish domina-tion. Alas for the people and nations in which the pa-pacy is permitted:to spring roots, and take possession a the government !" JOHN MCCARTHY. Republica Argentina. 