328 ILL C_AlcMV9L'IN.10 VoL. 11, No. 41. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 15, 1896. rir- ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. IT now seems likely that General Weyler will be recalled from Cuba and that General Campos will be again placed in command. It is to be hoped that this will be done as it would certainly be in the interests of human-ity. Weyler's administration has been a dis-grace to civilization. WITH ultramontanism again in the saddle in this country it would seem that it should be no difficult task to convince Protestants that " Rome never changes." In this con-nection our first page article, though too brief to be more than suggestive, will be found not devoid of interest. IT is now thought that an understanding concerning the Eastern question has been ar-rived at by the Powers of Europe. In the event of active measures being necessary their execution will, it is said, be entrusted to Great Britain, France, and Russia. But at best any settlement short of the destruction of the whole Ottoman power can be only temporary; for the Scriptures plainly declare: " He shall come to his end and none shall help him." " No business transacted on Sunday," was the decree promulgated by the chief manager of the Republican national campaign at its outset after the nomination of candidates at the St. Louis convention; and in. harmony with this pronouncement the national head-quarters at Chicago were closed on that day. Under the pressure of work which the cam-paign has developed, however; it was thought best by the said manager to hold a meeting with some of his leading political associates in the East, Sunday, October 4, at the Fifth Avenue Hotel in New York, for the purpose of considering the aspect of affairs in the "doubtful" States of the middle West. THE New York Sun, of October 1, reports two recent exhibitions of religious intoler-ance in cities of Spanish America. In Aguas Calientes, Mexico, September 15, a mob attacked the Presbyterian church, nearly wrecking the structure, after which they stoned the windows of the minister's resi-dence, but were prevented by the authorities from doing further mischief. In Cuzco, Peru, more recently, a mob collected for the purpose of attacking an American Protestant mission, but were dispersed by the appearance of the Prefect at the head of a body of troops. Thus while the ignorance and superstition  fostered by priestly rule still prompt the people to manifestations of religious bigotry, the tendency of the government is toward greater tolerance in matters of religious belief and practice. A VERY enthusiastic Christian Endeavor Convention was held last week in Plainfield, N. J. We shall have something to say about it next week. We do not in the least impugn the motives of those who are engaged in this so-called Christian Endeavor movement, but in their failure to distinguish between things civil and things religious they are destined to do untold harm. They are setting in motion forces which they but little appreciate, and doubtless many of them will be finally ap-palled at the results. THE AIVIERICAN PAPACY SPEAKS. THE Congregational ministers of Chicago, in monthly congress assembled October 5, passed by unanimous vote the following reso-lutions relative to the use, on Sundays, of the free gymnasium just opened to the public at Douglas Park:Š WHEREAS, The West Park commissioners have by their official act opened the gymnasium department in Douglas Park (one of the public parks of our city) upon the holy sabbath day of rest and worship to athletic clubs, to be used by them for their accustomed games; and WHEREAS, The said park commissioners have by their official act given permission to the Turners' As-sociation and athletic clubs to make Sunday, October 11, a special day for display at said public gymnasium in said Douglas Park; therefore, Resolved, That we, the Congregational ministers of Chicago and vicinity, in meeting assembled and by our unanimous vote, disapprove the actions of the park commissioners in this matter, and do hereby enter our protest against the use of our pub-lic parks for games and sporting purposes upon the Lord's day; Resolved further, That by this act of the park com-missioners they are feeding the flame of immorality which is spreading over our city and country, and thereby promoting corruption in social and public life, which already hinders the enforcement of law in our city, and is becoming a menace to our national life, and are aiding and abetting the spirit of anarchy which controls many persons who claim protection under our flag, but who are unworthy the name of "American citizen." Resolved further, That we hereby request the board of West Park commissioners that they take immediate action to prevent the desecration of our public parks, as well as the profanation and pollution of the holy sabbath day, and not allow our parks, in which all law-abiding citizens are alike interested, to be used for that which is wrong on the sabbath day, and which will bring dishonor and shame to the fair name of our city. Since all persons, of whatsoever belief or station, are in the view of this clerical body bound to refrain from the use of the gymna-sium on Sundays, upon moral grounds therein clearly specified, it is evident that this is to be regarded as an ex-cathedra pronouncement settling not only the question which day is the " holy Sabbath day," but that of the proper conduct of all individuals upon that day. It is a well-known fact that there exists a  wide difference of opinion upon these ques-tions, and it is the doctrine of fundamental American principles of government that each person is at liberty to decide for himself whether he shall regard the first day of the week as the " holy Sabbath day " or not, and what shall constitute a proper observance of that day, answerable only to God and subject only to the authority of his Word. But this clerical body says, Not so; but we will pro-nounce upon these matters and all individuals are morally bound to do as we say; and we call upon the civil authorities to see that our decision is duly enforced. So speaks the American papacy, in exact imitation of that older papacy which has its seat upon the banks of the Tiber. This is not the first time the American papacy has spoken, nor are the members of this clerical body of Chi- cago its only representatives. It is finding the latter in all the popular churches, and the time is fast approaching when the deci-sions of its composite pope will be enforced with true papal intolerance upon all classes of American citizens. Two riots were caused on the east side on the 11th inst., by attempts to enforce the Sunday "law." Rebecca Fream, an east side "missionary," who believes in using the "law" of the land to enforce her interpreta-tion of the law of God, caused the arrest of Miss Fannie Fager, who keeps a small dry goods store at No. 22 Norfolk Street. On the way to the station-house she was mobbed by a crowd of inen and boys and would have been roughly used had not several policemen come to her rescue. The other riot was caused by an attempt to arrest a young man found behind the counter in another store. His friends 'came to the rescue, and the officer was roughly used. The young man escaped, but several of his friends were arrested. IN its issue of the 12th inst., the New York Herald says editorially that in Ireland "Eng-land has an Armenia of her own." "There is," says the Herald, "perhaps nothing con-ceivable that is more ridiculous than England talking about the atrocities ,of Armenia and conveniently forgetting the nameless and numberless atrocities of which she has herself been guilty in Ireland." AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Published Weekly by Pacific Press Publishing Co. ORGAN OF THE International Religious Liberty Association. PRESIDENT,  ALLEN MOON. VICE-PRESIDENT, - - A. T. JONES. SECRETARY, - A. F. BALLENGER. Single Copy, Per Year, - $1.00. ADDRESS, ArIERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York. 