THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 295 easy. The Jewish nation was a theocracy. God was its primary ruler and lawgiver; and consequently his law, of which the Sabbath commandment is a part, was the fundamental law or constitution of the nation. He gave them their laws, ordained their manner of worship, and chose their leaders, their prophets, their priests, and their kings. This was a theocracy Š a religious government, a government by God. No such government now exists, and has not since the diadem was removed from the head of its last and rebellious king, and the kingdom thrice overturned. Ezek. 21: 25-27. All governments upon earth now are simply civil governments. In these the people elect or crown their own rulers, and make, their own laws. Although they may meddle with religious matters, they have no right to. It is not their business. This is why all Sunday legislation is out of place in civil govern-ment. It is the business of such govern-ments to protect men from violence or real disturbance in keeping Sunday if 'they wish to keep it, but not to compel others to keep it just because their neighbors do, or because some or even the great majority may think it is the Sabbath. The testimony of what are called "the fathers" is sometimes referred to in sup-port of the Sunday Sabbath. Tertullian, Justin Martyr, Barnabas, Ignatius, and others, are quoted ; but by none of these is it shown that the day was at first ob-served as "the Sabbath," but rather as "a solemn festival of the resurrection," which they had instituted themselves. Says Sir William Doraville:Š Centuries of the Christian era passed away before the Sunday was observed as a Sabbath. History ikes not furnish us with a single proof or indication that it was at any time so observed previous to the Sabbatical edict of Constantine, in A. D. 321.ŠExamination of the Six Texts, p. 291. "Chambers' Encyclopedia" says:Š By none of the fathers before the fourth century is it identified with the Sabbath, nor is the duty of observing it grounded by them either on the fourth commandment or on the precept of Jesus or his apostles.Š Article "Sabbath." Bishop Jeremy Taylor thus testifies:Š The primitive Christians did all manner of work upon the Lord's day [Sunday], even in the times of persecution, when they are the strictest observers of all the divine commandments; but in this they knew there were none.Š Ductor Dubitiantium, part 1, book 2, chap. 2, sec. 59. As scriptural authority for the Sunday Sabbath, Acts 20: 7, and John 20: 19, 26, are adduced as proof. From these it is claimed that the disciples met on the first day of the week to worship, that Christ met and worshiped with them, and that the day thenceforth was the Christian Sabbath. From Acts 2: 46, it will be seen that the disciples and early Christians at one time met every day to worship, but this does not prove that all days are Sab-baths. Meeting on a day for worship does not make a Sabbath out of it, else the day on the evening of which prayer-meetings are usually held would be a Sabbath. But there is no proof that the disciples met on the evening of the day of the res-urrection to worship. They had a common abode (Acts 1: 13), and were partaking of their evening meal (Mark 16:14) when Christ appeared to them. John says that on the evening of this day "when the doors were shut where the disciples were assembled for fear of the Jews, came Jesus and stood in the midst." John 20: 19. Neither did Jesus meet with them to wor-ship, but to show himself to them, that they might be witnesses of his resurrec-tion on "the third day" after his betrayal  and crucifixion, according to his word, which was the first day of the week. Matt. 16: 21; 17: 22, 23; Acts 2: 32; 10: 39-41. Christ's resurrection on this day did not make a Sabbath out of it, neither did his meeting with his disciples and showing himself to them set it apart as such. Fur-thermore, there is no scripture showing that this day was ever divinely set apart in honor of the resurrection. All observ-ance of it as such is therefore gratuitous and without divine authority. The Meth-odist Theological Compendium correctly states the case when, on page 103 (edition 1865), it says:Š It is true, there is no positive command for infant baptism, . . . nor is there any fa,  keeping holy the first day of the week. This being the case, Sunday is therefore not the Sabbath; it is not the Lord's day; neither is it a sacred or a holy day. In explanation of how it came to be regarded as such, the testimony of Eusebius, who wrote his history of Christianity in the year 324, should not be fa-gotten. He says :Š And all things whatsoever that it was the duty to do on the Sabbath, these we have transferred to the Lord's day, as more honorable than the Jewish Sab-bath.Š Sabbath Manual, p. 2.97. The change of the Sabbath from the seventh day to the first day was therefore by human and not divine authority. In the substitution lies the evil. The seventh day is still the Sabbath of the Lord. Baptism is the only divinely appointed memorial of Christ's burial and resurrection (Rom. 6: 3, 4; Col. 2 : 12; 1 Peter 3: 21), and the Sabbath is still the Lord's rest-day, and the sign between Him and his people that they know and worship the true and living God, who created the heavens and the earth. It is also the sign that they may know that the one who sanctified the day is the one who sanctifies them. Ex. 31: 13, 17; Ezek. 20: 12. But many will not have it this way. They will cling to the human institution after it has been clearly proved that there is no divine authority for it. They are so wedded to custom and the way their fa-thers trod they will not change and walk in the light, shine it never so brightly. They are bound to keep Sunday any-way. And they can not endure to have any one say it is not the Sabbath, though God in all his Word has nowhere said it is. The keeping of the seventh day is an offense to them; and laboring on Sunday, especially upon the part of those who keep the seventh day, they regard as sinful, though God has never pronounced it such. And because of a general and growing disregard for the day as a holy and a sa-cred day, and because they can not find in the Scriptures proof for the institution with which to convince the people of its sacredness and urge upon them its observ-ance, appeal is made to civil law. The State is asked to enforce its observance under civil pains and penalties. This ac-counts for the existence of all the Sunday laws from Constantine's time down to the present day. They have been asked for by "the Church," to take the place of a law God never gave, and to enforce the observance of a day he never set apart, blessed, nor commanded to be kept holy. And the inherent wickedness of these laws is manifested in the fact that, wherever they are operative, about the only ones against whom it is sought to rigidly en-force them are those who conscientiously observe the seventh day, the only weekly Sabbath day God ever set apart, sanctified,  and blessed. Sunday laws have a direct reference to the fourth commandment, and are subversive of and antagonistic to it. Their unchristian character is shown in the attempt made through them to change, and thus strike against, that law which Christ honored and magnified in all his life and teachings, and in the persecuting nature manifested in their enforcement. Reader, on which side of the controversy do you want to stand when called to answer in the Judgment of God ? W. A. COLCORD. What Is Rightful Authority? THE AMERICAN SENTINEL believes in obedience to civil law and to civil rulers. Civil government is divinely ordained for the good of mankind, and is to be re-spected in civil things; that is in its own proper sphere, for there it is supreme. But the realm of conscience is a domain that the State has no right to invade. Religion comes to us as a supernatural thing, a revelation from God, regulating our duty toward God; and thus appeals to the consciences of men and binds them under penalties entirely beyond the power of human governments either to enforce or to revoke. This it is that places it be-yond the domain of civil government, and removes it from the jurisdiction of human courts. No man can surrender his conscience to the keeping of another and maintain his loyalty to his God. Governments have in past ages assumed to dominate the realm of conscience; the sequel is the history of the Inquisition. The thumbscrew, the rack, and the fagot are inseparable from the theory that civil government has any jurisdiction whatever in religious things. The advocates of religious legislation may affirm that they would not carry it so far as that, but it is impossible for them to stop short of it without abandoning their theory. It is for this reason that we oppose all laws touching religious ques-tions and controversies. They are the beginnings of intolerance. If Sunday were not regarded as sacred there would be no demand for laws enforcing its ob- servance. It is not physical rest but spiritual worship that is the object of Sunday laws. It is therefore a matter that the State has no right to touch. It is for this reason that we oppose any and all Sunday laws. God's word is, " Thou shalt not go with a multitude to do evil." This places every man on his own responsibility, and shows that a question of duty toward God, a question of conscience, is a question with which majorities and minorities have nothing to do. The rights of a single in-dividual are just as sacred, and should be just as carefully guarded as the rights of a multitude. The State properly protects from interruption religious meetings upon every day; and it very properly does the same for other meetings. Such laws are right, they apply to all people and to all days, but laws setting apart certain days for religious purposes and stopping on those days all the ordinary vocations of life, are contrary to the spirit of our insti-tutions, and to the spirit of true Chris-tianity; and should be opposed alike by the patriot and by the Christian. This is the principle upon which we stand; we could not, with our understand-ing of the word of God, do otherwise and maintain our Christian integrity. C. P. B. 