AMERICAN SENTINEL. 227 furnishes the support for law's which are declared to be not at all religious in character. Of the second bill The Defender says:Š "(2nd) H. No. 247, is an attempt to repeal the law of 1899 making Sunday a close season for birds and game. It is selfish, brutal and impious, and should be buried deep and forever." Much at least of the killing of birds and game that is done by the "sportsman" is no doubt selfish and brutal. But why should a bill permitting it be called "impious" for other than a religious reason? Here again is seen the religious animus which underlies the movement of which The Defender is the exponent. The third bill is described as being "an attempt to weaken and destroy the game law of 1899," which "its friends should be permitted to withdraw," as was be-lieved would be done. The fourth bill was one favoring Sunday observ-ance, and of this The Defender says:Š "(4th) H. No. 931, was introduced by the friends of the Lord's day. It asks that the three words 'or an entertainment,' as found in the law of 1895, be ex-punged. This modest and reasonable request is made because those three words are an entering wedge to profane and demoralizing secularities, which are ad-mitted under the guise of charity and religion. The secular Sunday evening entertainment is generally of a questionable character. A large percentage of the pro-ceeds obtained from it goes into the pockets of its pro-jectors rather than to charitable and religious socie-ties, to be used entirely for charitable and religious purposes." We naturally query what these "profane and de-moralizing secularities" may be which make the Sunday evening entertainments of a "questionable character" under the present law. Are these features of the enter-tainments profane and demoralizing simply because they are secular? or are they demoralizing in them-selves and such as would be of questionable character any evening in the week? If the latter, the ground of objection to them should not be that they are per-formed on Sunday, but that they are evil in themselves. We do not condemn murder, or theft, or assault, be-cause it is done on Sunday, but because it is in itself a crime against humanity. To argue that a crime should be prohibited because it is done on Sunday, or that a thief should be punished because he committed the theft on Sunday, would be nonsensical. Hence if these Sunday evening entertainments are criminal in their nature, it is contrary to right and reason to object to them simply because of the time at which they are con-ducted. A crime is a crime irrespective of the days of the week; and that which is not a crime on one day, is not a crime on any day. And to condemn an act on one day only in the week, is to justify it on all other days of the week. If on the other hand these "profane and demoraliz-ing" features of the tabooed entertainments are simply  features which are not suited to the religious observ-ance of the "Lord's day," then the effort to prohibit them is plainly based on religious grounds, and aims to favor a religious belief, through the exercise of the power of the state. It is a plain attempt at religious legislation. And as such, it is in harmony with the avowed object of the "New England Sabbath Protective League;" for the League proclaims in its official organ that it "is formed for the purpose of defending the Sabbath," as "a divine institution," against "encroachments upon its sacredness by business and pleasure." The League simply asks the State legislatures of New England to enact laws to preserve the sacredness of a divine insti-tution. And such legislation is plainly religious, if there is any connection between sacredness and reli-gion. A hearing on the- bill against Sunday secular con-certs was given March 6, but with what results we have not yet learned. Prayer for Sunday Observance. THE following call for a week of prayer "in behalf of a better observance of the Lord's day," appears in the April issue of The Defender:Š "Our nation is declared by the Supreme Court to be `a Christian nation,' and in nothing is this more appar-ent than in the respect shown to the Sabbath. Because we believe it to be of divine origin, of perpetual obliga-tion, and its observance essential to the welfare of the individual, the prosperity of the church, and the per-petuity of the state, thereforeŠ "1st. Let us pray God to quicken the conscience of Christians everywhere that his will, revealed in his Word and in secret counsel with him, may be the guide as to what we shall do on the Lord's day. "2d. Let us, as Christians, for the sake of the laborer and his family, observe the rule laid down in the following resolution passed at a great labor convention not long since:Š "`We believe all men should have the privilege of this day, that they may spend it with their families, or as they desire in rest or worship, and we ask laboring men everywhere to avoid doing that which requires others to labor on the Sabbath.' "3rd. Let us teach that not only was the Sab-bath given for worship and rest, but, also, that Christ most emphasized that true Sabbath keeping is not doing nothing, but doing good, and most fundamental of all, that the day is given to wean us from selfishness, in order to which selfish pleasure is to be given up no less than selfish work. Isa. 58:13, 14." This week of prayer is to be observed April 22-29. We trust that the occasion may be one of profit to all concerned in it, and that a closer adherence to the Word of God touching Sabbath observance, both in belief and practise, may result to many from their prayer and study. One thing is certain, howeverŠthey will find in 