NOVEMBER 19, 1t396. Yr 11‚11E.L. 365 legislature with a view of improving Sunday legislation. Although the air was full of talk about " resisting the overwhelming flood of Sunday secularization " by the enactment and enforcement of Sunday laws, yet the sec-retary was compelled to answer the question as he did to escape its fatal logic. The answer to the last question was aston-ishing, and the writer cannot believe the answer was the result of mature thought. The secretary boldly declared that the "law of the spirit of life in Christ Jesus," and the law of the commonwealth should be practi-cally the same. At the evening session, Dr. Little spoke on the subject of " The Divine Sanction for the Observanceof the Sabbath." He argued rightly that if the people are made to believe that the day is holy and God commands it, the matter of Sabbath observance both in the family and in the community will adjust itself. Speaking of the days when Sunday was better observed, he said: " They had what they thought was scriptural support for the Sabbath; " now, however, reverence for Sunday was departing, and when a people lose reverence for any institution they swing to the opposite extreme. That there were doubts regarding the "scriptural support" for Sunday observance was shown by some of the questions like the following: "How shall we meet those who insist on the observance of the seventh day ?" One of the speakers mourned that leaders of workingmen should meet them before legislative committees and oppose their plans of Sunday enforcement. Personally the secretary, Dr. Clark, is a pleasant-spirited man, and the writer had the privilege of an enjoyable visit with him daring the journey from Salem to Boston. One fundamental error which gives rise to this movement, is that the world is to grow better until the kingdom of God shall be com-pletely realized in this world. But inasmuch as the progress is really in the other direction it is necessary to try to turn the tide by civil law. In the cause of truth these Sunday-law advocates would be clear and logical, but in the cause they have championed they are weak and illogical. CHRISTIAN CITIZENSHIP. NO. 3. BY GEORGE E. FIFIELD. " TEE powers that be are ordained of God."ŠPaul. All must admit that this refers to the civil powers, the republics, the kingdoms, the em-pires, of the earth, as God said of the king-dom of Babylon : " And now have I given all these lands into the hand of Nebuchad-nezzar, the king of Babylon, my servant, and all nations shall serve him; " or as he said of the Persian empire under Cyrus: " Thns saith the Lord to his anointed, to Cyrus, whose right. hand I have holden, to subdue nations before him. I have even called thee by name, I have surnamed thee; I have girded thee though thou hast not known me." The immediate context is sufficient evidence of this. Let us quote the passage: " There is no power but of God; the powers that be are ordained of God. Whosoever therefore resisteth the power, resisteth the ordinance of God; and they that resist shall receive unto themselves damnation. For rulers are not a terror to good works, but to the evil. Wilt thou then not be afraid of the power ? do that which is good and thou shalt have praise of the same. For he is the minister of God to thee for good. But if thou do that which is evil, be afraid; for he beareth not the sword in vain; for he is the minister of God, a revenger to execute wrath upon him that doeth evil. Wherefore ye must needs be subject, not only for wrath, but also for conscience' sake. For this cause pay ye tribute also; for they are God's ministers at-tending continually upon this very thing. In our last paper we saw that God is love and only love; that his law is a law of love, and that in his kingdom love is the only power. We saw that love was opposed to arbitrary force, for such force is a limitation of the liberty of love, and that, in the full realization of the divine kingdom, every one will be free to do precisely what he pleases, pleasing to do that only which love dictates. Now we see that this same God of love has ordained _ kingdoms and empires of arbitrary power, whose symbol of authority is the sword. He has not only ordained them, but he has declared that they bare not the sword in vain, but that they are his ministers to execute wrath upon them that do evil. Christian people must be subject to them, not only for fear of that wrath, but also for conscience' sake, and they must pay their taxes to support them in their work, for they are God's ministers attending continually to the divine commission granted to them, to restrain by arbitrary power, if need be, the wrong of man against hisŁ fellowmen. The question naturally arises: How can these two things be harmonized ? How can a God who is opposed, in his very nature, to all arbitrary manifestation of power, and who, when he has his way completely, will sweep from the whole universe all need, and all possible chance, for the- manifestation of such power forever more,Šhow can such a God ordain such power now and declare that those who manifest it are his ministers ? This question is not a difficult one. God is op-posed to thorns and thistles and noxious weeds. In the Edenic world these did not grow, at least not spontaneously as now, to choke out the precious fruits and grains. Neither will they thus grow in the Eden restored when God has his own way fully once more, for we read: "Instead of the thorn shall come up the fir tree, and instead of the brier shall come up the myrtle tree; and it shall be to the Lord for a name, for an everlasting sign that shall not be cut off." But while God is thus opposed to thorns and thistles, he ordained that for the present they should grow. " Cursed is the ground for thy sake, thorns and thistles shall it bring forth to thee," and "in the sweat of thy brow shalt thou eat bread." "For thy sake," that is, on thy behalf, not-  because I am so offended that I wish to punish thee, but for thy good. God is love, and he acts only in love. All his curses, even, are blessings in disguise. They are'curses over what might have been if man bad not sinned and come short of the divine ideal, but they are blessings over what would be now without them. They are the best that infinite love can do under the circumstances, since we have resisted his per-fect will. If man had remained sinless, disposed to devote his leisure to the study of God, it would have been a blessing for corn and wheat and fruit to grow spontaneously with no battle with weeds, and God meant it so to be. Now, however, both science and history prove that where the conditions of life are too easy, even as where they are too hard, a high civilization and a good moral development cannot be reached. It is an old proverb:  " The devil has work for idle hands to do," and the trouble with Sodom and Gomorrah was abundance of bread and idleness. For this reason the God who is love and who is opposed to thorns and thistles ordained that they should grow, and that the toiler should earn his bread by the sweat of his brow. That curse was a blessing; it was love work-ing for our sake. Again, God is the fountain of life, and as such he is opposed to death. If man had remained sinless, permitting God's perfect ideal of love to be realized, there would have been no such thing as death and its sad part-ings from loved ones. When God's perfect ideal is realized in the redeemed world, we read that "death and hades [the grave] were cast into the lake of fire," and "there shall be no more death." Yet for the present God has ordained death. Death is a curse, an enemy coming by sin, and yet it is a blessing. How much better it would have been for the present happiness of man had he never sinned, and so death here had never been necessary. But how infinitely better it is that sin, which brings sorrow and grief, should finally bring release from these in death, rather than that there should be endless life in hopeless misery. Thus God, who is opposed to death, ordained from the first that death should be, if sin should make it necessary. So of arbitrary power,Šthe power of phys-ical force. God is love, and love in its very nature is opposed to such manifestation of force. Had man, instead of sinning, yielded his heart to the divine love until the law of love fully c)ntrolled his life, there would have been no need or chance for the exercise of physical force in restraining evil. Each man, without any external restraint, could and would have done just what he pleased, for he would have pleased to do only that which was in harmony with liberty and joy. How much better this would have been! How much better it will be when this is so, for, praise God, through redemption his ideal is still to be realized. But now since man is sinful, and, left to himself, the strong would combine to op-press the weak, and the guilty to crush out the innocent, God has ordained that civil governments should exist to compel those who will not yield their hearts to his right-eousness, to be civil, and respect the rights of their fellows. Those who are righteous do not, need to be compelled to be civil, for they are civil alreadyŠthey love all men as brothers, and have no desire to oppress them or infringe their rights. The civil power cannot compel men to be righteous, since righteousness in its very nature, must be spontaneous if at all; it is a thing of the desires and affections, and not of the outward acts merely. In righteousness the outward acts are controlled from within by the divine love; in civility merely they are controlled from without by arbitrary force. Since external force cannot reach and change the attitude of the heart toward God, and since God desires no worship of mere form,Šno worship that does not spring from the love of the. heart,ŠGod has not ordained that the civil power should legislate in re-ligious things, or in any way seek to control the consciences of men. He has ordained the powers that be simply to compel men to be civil, and regard the rights of their fellows, that we may live together and transact busi-ness, and be free to worship him or not as we see fit. How much better it would be if this compulsion were not necessary. But, now, under the present necessity, that the civil power is a blessing, the millions whose 