Ulurped territory where sin now God's reign of grace in the human reigns. heart.  Abraham walking through the promised land. 100 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Some Early History of God's Kingdom. THE earthly portion of God's kingdom was given to man. Ps. 115:16. He was to rule in the earth as God's representative. Gen.1:26. It matters not, at this stage of our study, just how that rule was to be conducted. It is enough to know here, that God is love, and that all his -acts are therefore performed in love. Man, having been created in God's image, could have conducted the gov-ernment entrusted to him on no other principle than that of love. But this state of things was not destined, to -continue long. In an unguarded moment, earth's deputy governor was betrayed into the transference of his fealty -from God to another, whose character was exactly oppo-site to that of Him in whose kingdom man was installed as a prominent factor. This was a transferrence also of ruling power to the captor. Instead of being what God had made him, a free being, man was brought under the bondage of sin, and hence became an agent of Satan. 2 Peter 2:19. Hitherto he had been in condition to rule after God's pattern, but after having ad opted Satan's methods, his system of gov-ernment came to be in accord with his new master's will, and his own assim-ilated likeness of Satan's character. But as shown by the diagram here reproduced, although God's original kingdom was thus dismembered by man's disloyalty, the traitor was not -cast off by his former Master and Ben-efactor. True, God cannot receive a rebel into his favor, but he could land did provide a method by which every one who wills to do ,so, may again become members of his kingdom, though living in a territory and government hostile to the -interests of the kingdom of God. A 0 Let the upper horizontal line of the diagram repre-sent the earth as first placed under man's dominion, but which fell under therule of Satan, through his power over man. So long as Satan rules in the hearts of men, so long will that usurped territory be ruled under the sug-gestions of Satan. It;will be useless for a few puny men to undertake to transfer back to God that of which .,.Satan has gained possession. Human wisdom and might cannot possibly be equal to such a task. Only oneŠthe Lord Jesus ChristŠcan do this, and the accomplishment Ł of it will not be till he destroys him who has the power of . death, that is, the devil. Heb. 2:14. Then, and not till  then, will the kingdoms of this world become the king-doms of our Lord and of his Christ. Rev. 11:15-18. For this very reason, the Lord made provision to extend parallel with the history of earthly kingdoms, one by which man might show himself loyal to God and opposed to Satan. This arrangement is illustrated by the lower horizontal line of the diagram, springing from the original kingdom, at the fall of man, and being made to reach forward to the end, where it again merges into the earthly kingdom at its final cleansing from sin and the power of Satan. This is the kingdom of God's grace. As the gospel of the kingdom is preached in Satan's territory, men may, by refusing to acknowledge Satan's reign, be counted as citizens of the kingdom of grace. God does not ask that any of those in the earthly kingdoms shall be forced into his rule of grace, but "whosoever will" may come, and freely partake of itsfavors. Whoever does so must, how-ever, be also willing to have his citizenship a wholly heavenly one, in order to be true to his King who is in heaven (Phil. 3:20), and be satisfied to count himself a stranger in the earth; for God and mammon cannot pos-sibly be served at one and thesame time. Matt. 6:24. It is therefore folly to think of forcing by civil laws one of earth's subjects to accept a grace that he cares nothing for, since that grace can never be bestowed by the laws of man, but by the will of God alone. James 1:18. When a few hundred years had passed of man's mis-rule under the direction of Satan, a flood came and swept away all earthly governments, leaving but eight persons who were righteous before God. Gen. 6:5-8; 7;1. Had Noah and his posterity preserved their integrity upon coming out of the ark, Satan's rule over mankind would have been broken forever, and the kingdom of God would have been the rule in the earth, as it was designed to be from the beginning. But the power of evil again took possession of men's 