The Story of .:. piteairn rsiand BY ROSALIND AMELIA YOUNG, A Native Daughter. PITCAIRN ISLAND, one of the volcanic gems of the Pacific, has been heard of wherever the English language has been spoken. The story of the working out of the problem of human life on its limited territory Reads stranger and more thrillingly In many respects than a romance. But most if not all of the tales told and books printed have either been tdo fragmentary, or incorrect and misleading. It will be in-teresting to the friends of that miniature world to know that An Authentic History has been written, and that by a native of the island, one to the manor born. The title of the new work appears above. It is written by Miss Rosa Young, one of the direct descendants of the mutineers of the Bounty. The book, of 256 pages, is a plain, unvarnished tale of Pit-cairn and its inhabitants from its settlement to the yew 1894. It is written with a Charming Simplicity of Style which refreshes the reader and invites a continued peru-sal. This work is illustrated with 26 engravings by the half-tone process, and its 23 chapters have each a neatly engraved heading. PRICE $1.00, POSTPAID. Thousands can be sold by those who will canvass their neighborhood. Address any State Tract Society, or Pacific Press Publishing Company, Kansas City, Mo. Oakland, Cal. New York City. AUGUST 29, 1895. A.1M1 .A..NT SlN17111‚TIE1_..1., 271 Adventists do not clamor for the imprison-ment of other violators of the Sunday law, but on the contrary, ask for liberty for all men in the matter of Sunday observance. They do not feel aggrieved because others around them are not imprisoned for Sunday labor; they desire that those, as well as them-selves, should be free from all coercion in matters of religious belief ; provided, of course, that such belief does not invade another's rights. Ł AN Italian was arrested a few days since in this city for selling ice on Sunday in a crowded quarter. When arraigned before Magistrate Cornell, his honor said :Š It's a crying shame to arrest a man for selling ice in the tenement districts. Why, ice is a necessity on such a close, hot day as this. I wish I could let you go, Bacco; but, unfortunately, as the law stands, I must hold you in $100 for Special Sessions. Commenting upon this, a contemporary asks: " What can be said in defense of a law when even the judges on the bench declare that it is a crying shame' to enforce it?" The question is pertinent; but is not this one equally se? What shall be said of a mag-istrate who will blindly hold a man for selling ice on a hot Sunday in a crowded city, under a statute which permits works of " necessity and charity," and defines necessity as includ-ing " whatever is needful during the day for the good order, health, or comfort of the com-munity?" Bad as is the statute the magistrate had no occasion under it to hold the man who sold ice. However, the primary fault is with the statute. " Bad laws," said Edmund Burke, "are the worst sort of tyranny. They derive a particular malignity from the wis-dom and soundness of the rest of our institu-tions." inch and a half from the edge. The wrappers should be about eight by eleven inches; with the corners clipped, as in cut. In mailing the wrappers to us, don't fold them but roll them. Try one of these plans on our excellent extra of August 15. Keep these directions for future reference. A DICTIONARY of the BIBLE : COMPRISING ITS Antiquities, Biography, Geography, Natural History and Literature, WITH THE Latest Researches and References to the Revised Version of the New Testament, WITH EIGHT COLORED MAPS FOUR HUNDRED AND FORTY ILLUSTRATIONS. By WM. Smith, LL.D. Revised and Edited by REVS. F. N. and M. A. PELOUBET. Price, post-paid, $2.00  FACTS : FOR : THE : TIMES, Historical Extracts, Candid Admissions from Authors, ancient and modern, on the live questions of the present hour, political and religious. A BOOK FOR THE TIMES. A compilation of facts that are astounding, by Students of Biblical and Historical Research. 340 pages. Wine-colored cloth binding. PRICE , Post-paid, - - - 75 cents. PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Bond Street, New York City. Oaklan , Cal. Kansas City, Mo. WE WILL HELP YOU. " How I wish all my friends could read that SENTINEL," is a sentiment expressed by many of our readers on receiving some special num-ber of the SENTINEL; but as it costs one cent each to mail the SENTINEL, many have, for this reason, used but a limited number of papers in this way. Here are offers which will enable you to send a single issue of the SENTINEL to scores, yes, hundreds of your friends for the first cost of the paper, without the additional postage:Š OFFER No. 1. Send a list of the names and addresses of your friends, plainly written, and we will send the- SENTINEL you name to any number of names for one and a quarter cents each. OFFER No. 2. Send us wrappers, shaped and addressed similarly to the following cut, and we will send the SENTINEL you desire to one hundred names for one dollar. ,?/:g/c I di 9,424, si '44-4"-f I!! Wrappers of thin manilla paper are the best. Be careful to write the names and addresses plainly, and write them about an inch or an Ł: BIBLE 1416STEli'S - COMEHENSIVE - TE(ICHEliS' - BIBLE. Emerald Type. Size-81  x 51 x 134 inches. Swedish Morocco, improved divinity circuit, leather lined to edge, round corners, red under gold edges, with Illustrations, 14 Maps, Concordance, Helps, etc. Post paid, 85 00 GENUINE : OXFORD : TE(ICHEIO' : BIBLES/' Minion Type. Size-5 x 73A inches. Fine Levant Morocco (brown), divinity circuit, calf lined, round corners, gold edges, Maps, Concordance, and many other valuable helps. Post paid, $5.00 LA_TIG   Ei] . TYPE . BIBL   HAS FOR THOSE WITH POOR EYESIGHT. French Morocco, 'limp covers, round corners, side and back title in gold, gilt edges, Family Register and Maps. Post paid, - $2.00 ADDRESS, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. KANSAS CITY, MO. OAKLAND, CAL. CYCLONE WASHER! The Charntirne  VIVI(  Machines. It washes in the most satisfactory manner the clothes of farmers, machinists, engineers, and bricklayers, cleaning the dirty collars and cuffs without rubbing. The work is effected by the compressed air forcing the water through the fabric, and therefore without wear to the mate-rial washed. The washing done cleaner, quicker, better, and in half the time. No tired feeling. A child of ten can operate it. Satisfaction guaranteed. Agents Wanted in every county. For particulars and circulars address, COON BROS., 131-137 So. Washington St., Battle Creek, Mich. 