 AMERICAN SENTINEL. 487      by violence. Children would not shrink from taking the life of their parents, if by so doing they could obtain the desire of their corrupt hearts. The civilized world would become a horde of robbers and assassins; and peace, rest, and happiness would be banished, from the earth." Awful as it is, it must be admitted that this descrip-tion scarcely goes beyond the condition now existing. "Already the doctrine that men are released from obedi-ence to God's requirements has weakened the force of moral obligation, and opened the flood-gates of iniquity upon the world." "The greatest ignorance which now curses the human race is ignorance of the binding claims of the law of God," and the doctrine of "destiny" only increases that ignorance and renders blacker and more impenetrable that moral darkness of which the Script-ures speak when they declare that "darkness shall cover the earth, and gross darkness the people." It is marvelous that thinking, rational beings, that grown men,Šmen who are supposed to act with reason and judgment, and who desire the confidence and esteem of their fellowmenŠshould openly and deliberately put forward a doctrine so grossly erroneous and so mani-festly-at war with "the grand primitive truths on which human virtue, dignity, and hope depend." But this evil has not sprung up in a day, nor is it confined to this matter which has served to reveal it so plainly. The leaven has long been working and is to-day perme-ating the whole of society. People seem to be possessed almost unconsciously with the spirit of irresponsibility. Millions of people who would not affirm the doctrine in express terms declare by their lives that they have come to believe that "the Lord will not do good, neither will he do evil." In plain words this is a faithless and unbe-lieving generationŠan age of atheism. Not indeed the atheism which publicly prohibits and burns the Bible, which installs and worships as its "Goddess of Reason" a profligate woman, nor which posts its announcements that death is an eternal sleep; but that more subtle, dangerous and satanic atheism which has a saintly show, which is more religious than religion, and more righteous than righteousness, which taxes its ingenuity to the utmost to find "a method of forgetting God that shall pass as a method of remembering him," which does not burn, but which "criticises" and "polychromes" the Scriptures, professing to find in them as many "degrees of inspiration" as there are colors in the rainbow; which substitutes its own traditions for the law of Jehovah, and which declares that man never dies. And because this age has forsaken that which alone gives peace, a condition has come about which leads an eminent writer to declare that "the keynote of the present age is discon-tent." This is the "rational explanation" of the exist-ence of the "strange complaint whose symptoms are perceptible on every side," the fundamental causes of which this writer declares "are almost impossible of discovery and analysis." But in addition to the fact that man naturally inclines to the idea of irresponsibility and that the spirit of it is now widespread; there are organizations con-stantly growing and increasing which exist for the sole purpose of propagating this doctrine. One of these movements is that known as Spiritualism, and in pro-claiming the doctrine of irresponsibility imperialism identifies itself with Spiritualism. Spiritualism is simply the religion of irresponsibility. Its two fundamental propositions are (1) that man can do no evil and (2) that man is immortal. This is simply a double declara-tion that man is irresponsible. He is not responsible (1) because he can do nothing for which to be held responsi-ble, and he is not responsible (2) because in the hereafter he is never to be called to account, not even for his irre-sponsibility. By removing all idea of law here and of penalty and punishment hereafter all human responsi-bility is swept aside. And, according to those who ought to know, this original lie of the serpent in Eden is be-coming the universal religion. Of course there is but one source from which such a religion could come, and from that same source comes the doctrine of which that religion is the embodiment. The proclamation by statesmen of the doctrine of "des-tiny" and "the inexorable logic of events" still further emphasizes and confirms what Congressman Champ.  Clark said during the last session of Congress: "The evil one himself must have cast a spell upon the American mind for the purpose of luring to its destruction this great Republic, the last hope of constitutional govern-ment on the whole face of the earth." Thus does the doctrine of irresponsibility ally imperialism and Spirit-itualism. But these things, while they are to produce terrible fruits of their own, are but the fruits of something that has gone before. This doctrine could not have become so powerful and so universal had it not been for the fact that "many ministers have been teaching their people, and many professors and teachers have been instructing their students, that the law of God has been changed or abrogated." And here is where the greatest blame must rest for what has come and what is to come. Ecclesias-ticism is largely responsible for both Spiritualism and imperialism. Spiritualism and imperialism could not spread as they do had not the way been prepared by the apostate churches which have chosen error and disobedi-ence instead of God's word and his law. It has been "the teachings of religious leaders" that "have opened the door to infidelity, Spiritualism, and to contempt for God's holy law, and upon these leaders rests a fearful responsibility for the iniquity that exists in the Christian world." Extensive religious combinations for the pur-pose of setting aside the law of God have long been exerting their influence upon society and the conse-quences are already here in the well-nigh universal rejec-tion of the claims of the divine law. Had not men been taught to lightly regard the claims of the command-ments of God, they would not in a few short months for 