344 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEWS which comes from China by mail states that an imperial decree has been issued by the Chinese author-ities, recognizing the Roman Catholic religion through-out the empire. It is stated that "missionaries of that faith will have an official status equivalent to man-darins." THE leading journals in Havana see many omens of coming absorption into the American Union. They complain that the American military forces "are modi-fying our customs," and "reforming our cities and courts according to their own ideas. They are supplanting our manners of life with their own." * It is only to be expected that the American forces will not give up their own ideas and manner of life, and that if they remain long in Cuba American methods and ideas will be strongly impressed upon that country, and that in course of time Cuba would become thoroughly Americanized and gravitate naturally and inevitably into the Union. It is this that Cubans who wish for in-dependence have most to fear. * * * ADMIRAL DEWEY is on his way back to America from the Philippines, and great preparations are under way against the day of his arrival in New York City. The papers have announced that he is to have a "welcome like a Roman triumph." Proceedings in this country are getting to have a good deal about them that is suggestive of ancient Rome, and it would be well for thoughtful citizens to ask themselves whether this Re_ public can continue to walk in the steps of the Roman republic without arriving at the end which that republic reached. That we are getting to be a good deal like an-cient Rome is not a reassuring admission. * THE Russian government has decided upon further severe measures against the Jews. A decree has been promulgated which forbids all Jews, foreign or other-wise, stopping in St. Petersburg, and intense feeling against the Jews is manifested in many districts. Seri-ous outbreaks as the result of this feeling occurred in connection with the Easter festivities, and at one plac3  5,000 rioters attacked the Jewish quarters, wrecking hundreds of houses and shops, and causing much blood-shed. All this suggests that the czar might well give his. attention to the peace within his own domain before un-dertaking to establish peace between the nations. * * A PECULIAR sentence, says a dispatch in the Sun, of this city, has been passed by the mayor of Bowling Green, 0., upon an unruly boy in that city. For some misdemeanor of which he had been guilty, he was ar-raigned before the mayor, who sentenced him to attend Sunday school and church at the Disciple house of wor-ship for eight weeks, with the alternative of going to jail for twenty days. We greatly fear the youthful culprit will not be helped by compulsory attendance at church. But the mayor's action is suggestive of the existence in some minds at least, of the idea that compulsory attend-ance at church would be good for people, and might be a. means of reforming society. * * * PRESS dispatches from Buffalo state that several persons in that city are to be prosecuted on the charge of manslaughter, for practicing "Christian science" upon a child with fatal results. * THE present purpose of the Anti Imperialist League is set forth in the following resolution, passed at a meet, ing of the league in Boston, May 23:Š "Resolved, That the Anti Imperialist League should take immediate steps to establish and encourage close relations with all associations and individuals through-out the country who are opposed to,  the imperial policy, with a view to organizing all the elements of opposition to this policy for the most effective and united political action at the proper time." RELIGIOUS statistics gathered in a number of the larger American cities show the following:Š The most Catholic city in the United States is Bos-ton, with 218,000 Roman Catholics in its populationŠalmost half of the whole. The largest Protestant body in the city is the Baptist, with 42,000 members. Next comes New York City, with 455,000 Roman Catholics, which is 29 per cent. of the whole population.. In Chicago the proportion is almost the same, the per-centage of Catholcis being 28. In Philadelphia only 18 per cent, of the population is Roman Catholic. In Brooklyn the Catholics are 29 per cent. of the whole. This does not mean that all the rest of the people in these cities are Protestants,Šfar from it. In New York 