58 AMERICAN SENTINEL. setts says is so utterly contemptible that it is amply sufficient for purposes of public information to report the fact that he spoke, without alluding to anything that he said, but the time is not far back when it was assumed that whatever he said deserved the attention of his countrymen. Another example of the same thing is the scant reference in many papers to the correspond-ence Secretary Gage submitted to Congress the last week. You read them in vain to discover that in it there'was any such document as the Hepburn letter. It is to be expected that journals that are committed to a political party will support that party through thick and thin. But it has not heretofore been supposed_ to be creditable to a great journal to suppress material facts and to refuse to give the news for fear of its effect. ŠThe Watchman. -oil. . ŁI Sunday Closing in Ottawa, Ill. SALOONS AND GAMBLING HOUSES KEEP SUNDAY. Chicago "Times-Herald." OTTAWA, ILL., Jan. 7.ŠAll the saloons and gambling houses in this city were closed to-day, and for the first time in a long period Ottawa was a "dry town." This condition was due to the action of Mayor Malony, who called the saloon men together yesterday and informed them that hereafter all saloons must shut up at mid-night Saturday and remain closed on Sundays. The mayor notified the liquor men that there would be no prosecutions for violations. of his order, but that all offenders would have their license fevoked. The gambling-house proprietors were also notified to close their establishments, and strict orders were given the police to report all violations. Blue Sunday in South Norwalk, Conn. 'THE MAYOR'S FIRST ATTEMPT TO ENFORCE THE CONNECTICUT SUNDAY LAW. New York "Sun." SOUTH NORWALK, Conn., Jan. 14.ŠTo-day was the first Sunday of the enforcement of Mayor Charles G. Bohannon's unique conception of the Connecticut Sun-day law, a slightly revised edition of the old Blue Laws which made the Nutmeg State famous years ago. Con-, trary to the strict letter of the law, which provides that work of necessity only may be carried on, the mayor decided that ice cream, soda water, shaving, and boot blacks were a necessity, while he placed a strict taboo upon cigars, confectionery, fruit and nuts. Hundreds of South'Nor walk people went to Norwalk for their Sun-day smokes, much to the chagrin of the South Norwalk dealers, for the feeling seemed to be that if the trade flocked to Norwalk-it might teach the mayor a lesson.  The trolley cars were crowded during some portions of the day. Some of the South Norwalk cigar dealers sold soda water and gave away a cigar with each glass, but the majority closed up and spent the day, "roasting" the mayor. The police were kept so busy watching stores to detect the sale of cigars that the saloons had it all their own way. It looks as if the present police force of the city will have to be trebled if the mayor desires both the cigar and liqUor end of the law watched on Sunday. Sunday Golf. THERE is much agitation in various districts not far from this city over the question of permitting Sun-day golf. This game presents one of the most trouble-some obstacles in the path of the advocates of Sunday enforcement which they have been obliged to meet. None of their stock arguments upon which they rely to create public sentiment in their favor, seems to fit the case of Sunday golf; and the-only argument which does fit the case is one which too fully exposes the animus of the Sunday movement to suit their purposes. So this form of Sunday desecration has enjoyed greater immu-nity from the prohibitions of the Sunday statutes than almost any other. Ordinary labor on Sunday could be declaimed against and prohibited on the ground of sympathy for the poor workingman, who was being "compelled" to labor seven days in the week. Sunday theatricals, shows, pleasure resorts, etc., could be condemned on the ground of immorality, or of requiring work on the part of employees who, it might be supposed, would be glad of the opportunity to, rest on Sunday and attend church. Of Sunday baseball it could be said that the noise of the game disturbed residents in the vicinity. But what of Sunday golf? That has obviously no bear-ing upon the poor workingman's right to rest; nor can it be said that it is immoral, or that it interferes with anybody's Sunday rest. It is necessarily a quiet game, one that must be played outside of a city, and that is witnessed by but few. Yet it involves the same disre-spect of Sunday as does Sunday labor or Sunday shows, which is the whole point in the controversy for Sunday enforcement. This respect must be secured and Sunday golf suppressed. But all that can be said against Sunday golf is that it shows disrespect for Sun-day as a church day; it violates a religious institution. This is poor ground indeed upon which to ask the inter-ference of the civil authorities, but the advocates of Sunday laws are obliged to take it, and thus to reveal the real object for which they are working. They were obliged to base their denunciations of Sunday golf chiefly on the ground that it is a sin. But the claim that it is a sin rests on the claim that Sunday is the divinely-appointed Sabbath, which has to be 