AMERICAN SENTINEL. 701 Kong (where Dewey was stationed with his fleet) to ar-range with the latter for "general co-operation, if de-sired;" to which Dewey had replied, "Tell Aguinaldo come soon as possible." 3. Aguinaldo came to Hong Kong, the conference was held, Dewey sailed to attack the Spanish fleet in Manila harbor, and Aguinaldo was taken to Manila on an American ship of war. 4. The Philippine forces under Aguinaldo were sup_ plied with arms by Commodore Dewey, and co-operated with the American forces in the capture of Manila. 5. The Filipino junta at Hong Kong, moved by this conference with Aguinaldo held at the request of United States officers, issued a proclamation to their people in Luzon which said: "Compatriots, divine Prov-idence is about to place independence within our reach. The Americans, not from any mercenary motives, but for the sake of humanity, have considered it opportune to extend their protecting mantle to our beloved coun-try. Where you see the American flag flying, assemble in mass. They are our redeemers." 6. July 5, 1898, Brigadier-General Thomas Ander-son, then in command of the United States troops, wrote to Aguinaldo: "General, I have the honor to inform you that the United States of America, whose land forces I have the honor to command in this vicinity, being at war with the kingdom of Spain, has entire sympathy and most friendly sentiments for the native people of the Philippine Islands. For these reasons I desire to have the most amicable relations with you, and to have you and your people co-operate with us in military oper-ations against the Spanish forces." 7. Immediately after the capture of Manila, the Filipino forces were ordered by the American commander to withdraw from the city and its suburbs. A request from Aguinaldo for an interview with General Merritt was refused; and the Filipino representatives were rig-idly excluded at Washington and at Paris from any par-ticipation in the making of the treaty with Spain. 8. At this time there was established a Filipino government at Malolos, which controlled the territory of Luzon outside of the city and suburbs of Manila. This government was admitted by ail American official who went to Malolos to have a well-organized and ably-conducted executive, and a popular assembly, or con-gress, which would compare favorably with the parlia-ment of Japan. 9. December 21, 1898, President McKinley issued his "benevolent assimilation" proclamation, by which the American commander at Manila'was directed to ex-tend the military government of the United States over the entire Philippine archipelago, subduing by force of arms any who might resist. This was before the treaty with Spain had become valid by ratification in the American Senate. 10. Early in February, 1899, several Filipino sol-diers entered theAmerican lines, for what purpose is not  known. An American sentry fired upon them and killed one of them. The Filipino outposts returned the fire, and a general engagement ensued between the opposing lines of the two armies. At this time many Filipino offi-cers, including Aguinaldo's private secretary, were in Manila at the theaters and cafes. 11. The following day Aguinaldo sent an officer under a flag of truce to General Otis, to declare that the fighting had been unauthorized by the Filipino leader, that he desired it stopped, and that to this end he pro-posed the establishment of a neutral zone between the two armies. This proposition General Otis curtly re-fused, and gave Aguinaldo no alternative but to con-tinue to fight or surrender. Since that date the fighting has been going on almost daily, with repeated overtures by the Filipinos for peace, and continued refusal by the United States to accept any terms short of full and un-conditional surrender. A Card. To all interested in carrying the gospel of Jesus Christ to the inhabitants of other lands and who desire to assist in supporting missionaries already placed and others who may engage in the work, the opportunity is given to make an offering to the Foreign Mission Board of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination. Such donations should be sent to the FOREIGN MIS-SION BOARD, 150 Nassau Street, New York. TO 0117R PATRONS: 1. Write Names Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bans Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. AMERICAN SENTINEL, Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom-promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIA.TION, PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. Single Copy, Per Year 401.00, Six months .50 44 Three months .25. ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York. 