191 VOL. 10, No. 25. the unhallowed Sunday institution and of the desecrating the God-hallowed Sabbath-day. There are those who charge Seventh-day Adventists with exaggerating a non-essential, in faithfully observing the " Sabbath day accord-ing to the commandment." But it is not a non-essential; it is a vital question. Upon it turns, as we have seen, the question of whether the Word of God contains the truth necessary to salvation or whether it does not; whether the claim of the Roman Catholic Church that tradition is essential to salvation is true or not; whether we will take the Bible, with the Saviour of the Bible, and his salvation which saves to the uttermost, or the tradition of the papacy with its traditional saviour which can-not save without the intercession of Mary, the saints, and the priests, and " millions of years " in the purifying flames of purgatory? This is what Seventh-day Adventists are standing for; this is what they are suffering in prisons for; and this is what, God helping them, they are willing to die to maintain. Ł CLERICAL JUGGLING. A LARGE majority of those who observe the first day of the week instead of the seventh day, attempt to use the fourth commandment to justify their practice. However, this use of the fourth commandment as a modern in-vention. Fifteen hundred years of Christian history and ecclesiastical controversy passed before any church became so reckless as to attempt to steal the livery of the fourth com-mandment with which to clothe the Sunday-Sabbath. To show how the commandment is wrested in the attempt to furnish scriptural authority for the unscriptural dogma of Sunday-sacred-ness, we will quote the commandment, with the juggling necessary to make it appli-cable:Š " Remember the Sabbath day [formerly the seventh, but now thd first day] to keep it holy. Six days [which formerly excluded the sev-enth, but now includes it] shalt thou labor, and do all thy work: but the first' day [for= merly the seventh day] is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God : in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy - manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates: for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day; wherefore the Lord blessed" one day in seven, but no' day in particular, and hallowed one day in seven, but no ay in particular; and then authorized the clergy from the sixteenth century and onward to determine which day of the seven is holy, and to force that decision oh all other men with the aid of the civil au-thority. Although this rendering of the command-ment is ridiculous, it is the rendering abso-lutely necessary to cover the position taken by ninety-nine out of every one hundred Sunday-keeping Protestants. Is it any wonder that thinking men should become disgusted with this jugglery with words and retort in elan-guage of the Chicago Inter-Ocean editorial, of April '23, thus: " Once for all ,this clerical juggling with words should cease; Sunday is not the Sabbath, and every preacher knows it is not"? Every Protestant who wrests the scripture in this manner vitiates the divine Word and silences his voice against papal perversions .of scripture. If the Sunday-keeping Protestant can do violence to the fourth commandment as illustrated above, then the Roman Oath- olic can wrest the folloWing precious text, thus:Š " If we confess our sins [to the priest], he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins, and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness " [in the flames of purgatory]; The Sunday-keeping Protestant protests against this rendering of the text, but his pro-test is nullified by the fact that he is guilty of doing equal violence to another text to justify his practice. Thus it is seen that the Sab-bath controversy involves the integrity of the Scriptures, and with it the simplicity and pu-rity of the gospel of salvation through faith in Jesus Christ. And in contending for the integrity of .the Sabbath command, Seventh-day Adventists are contending for the integ-rity of scriptures which contain the good news of salvation through faith in Christ, instead of through faith in priests, popes and purgatory. CLASHING VOICES. A COPY of the Evangel and Sabbath Out-look, containing an account of the conviction of J. Q. Allison, of Georgia, for laboring in his field on Sunday, with some observations on the unscriptural character of Sunday ob-servance, was sent to the Western Catholic News of Chicago. The Catholic paper in a most commendable manner condemned* the persecution of Mr. Allison, but attempted to produce ,criptural authority for Sunday observance in the follow-ing paragraph :Š What does it [the Evangel and Sabbath Outlook] say to the following texts of Scripture in reference to Sunday as the Lord's day :ŠApoc. or Rev. 1: 10Š" I was in the Spirit on the Lord's day, and heard behind me a great voice, as of a trumpet. Again, Acts 20 :7: "And on the first day of the week, when we assembled to break bread, Paul discoursed with them, being to depart on the morrow, and _be continued his speech until midmight." 1 Cor. 16:2: " On the first day of the week let every one of you put apart with himself,-laying up what it shall well please him; that when I shall come, the gathering be not then to be made," We don't ask our contemporary to send us the ten thousand copies he promised to anyone who would furnish- him scriptural proofs of Sunday. We only ask him to publish in his journal that scriptural proofs have been furnished, and that Sabbath-keepers are wrong. We are sure our friend, the Sabbath. Out-look, will " say " some pertinent things about these alleged " scriptural proofs:" but we desire .to call the attention of the editor of the News to some Roman Catholic comments on the value of the "scriptural proofs" cited. We quote first from "A Doctrinal Catechism" " by Rev. Stephen Keenan." This work is indorsed by " John Cardinal Mc Closkey, Archbishop of New York," and announces on its title page, that it is " revised, corrected, conformably to the decrees of the council of the Vatican." On pages 352-354 are found the following comments on the value of the " scriptural 'proofs" for Sunday observance cited by our Roman Catholic contemporary:-- . Q. Is the observance of Sunday, as the day of rest, a matter clearly laid down in Scripture ? A. It certainly is not; and yet all Protestants con-sider the observance of this particular day as essen-tially necessary to salvation. To say, we observe the Sunday because Christ 'rose from the dead on that day, is to say we act without warrant of Scripture; and we might as well say that we should rest on Thursday because Christ ascended to heaven On that day,  and rested in reality from the work of redemp-tion,- Q. Is it not said, in the book of Revelations, that St. John was in the Spirit on the Lord's day, that is, Sunday. and is not this scrilitural proof that Sunday is the day to be observed in the New Law ? A. Are we then to observe this particular day merely because St. John had a revelation upon it,Šmust we observe as a day of rest and holiness, any day upon which an apostle was in the Spirit P *See page 198. Q. But it is called the Lord's day ? A. And is not every day' the Lord's day,does this text tell you not to-work upon that day,Šdoes it tell you that the obligation of-  keeping Saturday is done away with, or that it was not the day of the resurrection or ascension which St. John here calls the Lord's day ? Q. Is it not said in the Acts, " And upon the first day of the week, when the disciples came together to break bread, Paul preached unto them, ready to de-part on the morrow,"and is not this sufficient scrip-tural authority for the observance of the first day of the week ? A. But does this text abrogate the observance of Saturday, the seventh day, or allow Protestants to do profane work on that day ?ŠCertainly not. They should then rest upon both days, if they hold the above text as any argument. The text in question does not say that the apostle preached, or that the people assembled every first day of the week, but merely on this particular day, for which a good reason is given, namely, that St. Paul was to depart next day. It is quite clear, however, that' they met every Saturday; for the same Acts say, St. Paul preached in the synagogue -every Sabbath, and exhorted the Jews and the Greeks. Besides, it is not wonderful that the disciples came together on this first day of the week, since, according to Acts 2, they continued daily in the temple breaking bread. week Deoes not St. Paul order the Galatians and CO-rinthians to make collections on the first day of the ?  A. Yes, but again, this does not abolish the observ-ance of Saturday. St. Paul does not say that the people would be at church on that day,Šthat they were to keep that day, to the exclusion of Saturday, holy,Šor that these collections were to be made at church, but merely that every man should lay up by himself in store upon that day. The editor of the Western Catholic News will find more Catholic testimony of this same character in the first article of this paper. But if he desires still more testimony we recommend that he send ten cents to the Catholic Mirror, Baltimore, and secure a copy of a work entitled, " The Christian Sabbath," consisting of four editorials which appeared in that paper under the dates, Sept. 2, 9, 16, and 23, 1893, and which were written to, show that the texts quoted by the editor of the News do not contain " scriptural proofs" for Sunday observance. But for fear that the editor will not secure this pamphlet, we quote the following from page 13 Thus, it is impossible to find in the New Testament the slightest interference by the Saviour, or his apos-tles, with the original Sabbath, but, on the contrary, an entire acquiescence in the original arrangement; nay, a plenary endorsement by him, whilst living; and an unvaried, active participation in the keeping of that day and no other by the apostles, for thirty years after his death, as the Acts of the Apostles have abun-dantly testified to us. Hence the conclusion is inevitable; viz., that of those who follow the Bible as their guide, the Israelites and Seventh-day Adventists have the exclusive weight of evidence on their side, whilst the biblical Protestant has not a word in self-defense for his substitution of Sunday for Saturday: And now will the News print these quota-tions from Catholic authorities in its columns, with a humble recantation of its error, to-gether with ,the statement that, according to the Bible, Sabbath-keepers are right ? "GOD SAVE THE PEOPLE." THE termination of the trial of R. T. Nash, of Amory, Mississippi, an account of which appeared in our last issue, is de- serving of notice. It is indeed gratifying,, though not astonishing, that Mr. Nash was rescued from the penalties of a per-secuting, priest-born statute, "at the earnest solicitation of the people," who first appealed to the judge to reconsider his decision, and when the final judgment was rendered, imme-diately satisfied the demands of the court and had the satisfaction of seeing their irreproach-able neighbor return to his home, a free man. Human liberties, both civil and religious, have always been more clearly appreciated and 