OCTOBER 4, 1894. .A.M Ift,A_N 307 relationships are incapable of being dele-gated, and so incapable of being exercised by any one in behalf of another; it abso-lutely follows that no legislator, or judge, or other official of any kind can ever have any authority in matters pertaining to religion in any way. Consequently any attempt to exercise any authority over, or for, another in matters of religion, springs from sheer usurpation. And if it be denied that it is sheer usurpation then the only conceivable source from which such authority or prerogative could be derived is the seat which said official occupies when he acts officially. And thus we are brought again to the absurd conception of the source from which " the infallibility of the pope " is derived. AND the professed Protestant churches of the United States and of the world, in appealing to government, or allowing officials, without protest, to act in matters of religion; and the legislators and judges of the States, and of the United States, and of the world in acting in matters of religion, as they have done and as they continue to do, are in very principle and in actual practice committed to the iden-tical conception of infallibility to which the papacy is committed in the dogma of the "infallibility of the pope." And this, too, without as much as the seeming jus-tification that the papacy claims: for the papacy does claim that "blessed Peter" did occupy the official seat which the pope occupies when he speaks "ex cathedra," and therefore " infallibly ; " but no one can ever even claim that Peter ever occu-pied any seat that ever was or ever shall be occupied by any legislator or judge in any of the States or the United StatesŠnot even when they decided ex cathedra that " this is a Christian nation," or that " the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday," is the Sabbath according to the " meaning " of the fourth com- mandment. Ł So the professed Protestants of the United States and of the world, and the legislators and judges of the States, the United States, and of the world, who pre-sume to act officially and governmentally in matters of religion, will have to clear their skirts of the smirch of " " before they can ever consistently in-dulge any smiles at the absurdity of the claim of " the infallibility of the Roman pontiff." All these will have to abdicate the exercise of the prerogative of infalli-bility themselves, before any of them shall ever be able consistently to criticise or reject the exercise of it by another, even though that other be the pope of Rome. In short, all these will have to cease to be popes themselves before they can consistently object against the pope of Rome. THE basis of the papal claim as derived from " blessed Peter " will be examined next week. The Taxation of Church Property. THE young people who visit Toronto will be interested to know that the Jarvis Street Church refused to accept exemption of its fine church property from taxation. This is a practical emphasis of the posi-tion to which our Baptist views of the proper separation of Church and State must sooner or later lead us as a denom-ination, Undoubtedly, the taxation of all  church properties would, at first, work hardships to the smaller churches, but the inconvenience of doing right can never be a reason for our staying on the wrong side of a great principle. We shall never fight Romanism with hands quite free until we as Protestants, one and all, refuse thus to receive State aid for religious pur-poses in any form, and exemption from tax--ation is really State aid in a veiled form.ŠBaptist Young People's Union. A Persecuting Baptist. THE Alabama Baptist, of August 9, at-tempts to justify the persecution of W. B. Capps, who is now serving a sentence of nine months in the county jail at Dresden, Weakley County, Tenn., for plowing in his field on Sunday, by the following argu-ment :Š The law does not compel him to violate his convic-tions by working on Saturday, neither should he violate the law and the convictions of the people by working on their holy day. If Mr. Capps cannot have the law changed to suit his religious views, he ought to go where there is no such law. The Baptist Examiner, of September 13th, says, in replying to like "argu-ments" which appeared in the Baptist and Reflector, of Nashville, Tenn: " Jt would have been easy, by similar argu-ments, for those who persecuted Baptists in the past, to have justified their conduct and policy." How true! and why can't the Alabama Baptist see it? Its argu-ments are similar to the arguments of John Cotton, in his justification of the persecution of Elder Holmes. And to show the similarity we will put the words of the Alabama Baptist editor, with slight changes into the mouth of the persecutor of Baptists. The law does not compel him (Obadiah Holmes) to violate his convictions by being sprinkled himself, neither should he violate the law and the convictions of the people by baptizing by immersion. If Mr. Holmes cannot get the law changed to suit his reli-gious views, he ought to go where there is no such law. John Cotton and his associates, in the persecution of Baptists, thought Baptists "ought to go where there is no such law," and the Baptists refusing to go were whipped, imprisoned, and banished, and now the editor of tha Alabama Baptist thinks the same of Seventh-day Advent-ists; and since he thinks they " ought to go," and they think like Baptists of Massa-chusetts that they ought to stay, it fol- lows that the John Cotton, of the Alabam a Baptist, is in favor of banishing Seventh- day Adventists in 1894 as the John Cotton, of Massachusetts was in favor of banishing Baptists in 1651. Although the Baptist Examiner says it is easy to show that the cases of the persecutors are similar, the editor of the Alabama Baptist thinks it is easy to show that the case is different. And now hear him try it :Š This case is different from those in which patriots and Christians, especially Baptists, have felt called upon to resist laws that were evidently unjust, and which were intended to be restrictive and proscriptive of one party or creed and in favor of another. This Tennessee statute, like those of other States, restrains those who indorse it as well as those who do not. This attempted defense of the Tennessee persecutions is the old threadbare excuse of the persecutor. " When we were per-secuted we were patriots and Chris-tians,' but you violate the law' and are therefore lawless and unchristian." This was the way the Puritans of colonial days talked about the Baptists. Thomas Shep-ard, of Charlestown, in a sermon. entitled  " Eye Salve," told the governor and mag-istrates of Massachusetts that " Anabap-tists [a nickname for Baptists] have ever been looked at by the godly leaders of this people as a scab," and the president of Harvard College said, " such a rough thing as a New England Anabaptist is not to be handled over tenderly." But, now, all this is changed. Baptists no longer suffer imprisonment, whipping, and banishment. From a small minority they have grown powerful, until in some localities they have a controlling influ-ence. And, now, forgetting their own sufferings, once and again the persecuted become the persecutors, and thereby fur-nish another proof of the correctness of the statement of the report of the com- mittee on Sunday mails, communicated to the House of Representatives, March 4th and 5th, 1830, that "every religious sect, however meek in its origin, commenced the work of persecution as soon as it ac-quired political power." If the Tennessee Sunday law is not both "restrictive and proscriptive of one party or creed and in favor of another," then the Massachusetts law requiring all Baptists to attend the established church was neither. It restricts Seventh-day Adventists to five day work instead of six, and therefore attempts to make them pay a tax of 163 per cent, more than is assessed on other citizens. It is proscrip- tive, since in the language of the Alabama Baptist, the State of Tennessee, " by stat-ute law," "recognized the Christian Sab-bath [Sunday the first day] as God's holy day," as against the commandment of God which requires the observance of the seventh day, and which Seventh-day Ad-ventists choose to obey rather I han the com- mandment of the State. The State has come out in favor of the " party or creed," which teaches that the first day is the Sabbath, and thereby proscribes the part y which teaches that the seventh day is the Sabbath. The statement that "this Ten- nessee statute, like those of other States, restrains those who indorse it as well as those who do not," is a childish excuse. When the Baptist ministersŠJohn Clark, Obadiah Holmes and John CrandallŠwere forcibly taken to church in compliance with the law compelling all to attend the State church, it was not persecution, ac- cording to the Alabama Baptist, since it restrained those who indorsed it as well as those who did not. According to this modern expounder of Baptist principles of religious liberty, all John Cotton needed to say to these Baptist ministers when they protested, was, "Oh, this law re-strains me from remaining away from church the same as it does you. It re- strains those who indorse it as well as those who do not." Now, we expect that the Baptist Exam-iner, of this city, and other consistent Baptists, will write to the Alabama Bap-tist, as did the brethren of the Puritans in England, and protest against the perse-cuted turning persecutor, and it is prob-able that the Alabama Baptist will want to reply, We therefore print a part of the letter written by John Cotton, which the Alabama Baptist can use in full with a few changes in names :Š One of them, Obadiah Holmes, being an excommu-nicate person himself, out of a church in Plymouth patent, came into this jurisdiction, and took upon him to baptize, which I think himself will not say he was compelled here to perform. And he was not ignorant that the rehaptizing of an elder person, and that by a private person out of office and under excommunica-tion, are all of them manifest eonteaations against 