122 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Some Past "Traitors." "THERE were giants in those days," is the saying. There were also traitors. The fact that Lincoln was a "traitor" in the Mexican war has been proved by his recorded utterances in Congress. Daniel Webster was another; for in September, 1847, at a Massachusetts whig convention in Boston, Webster said:Š "We are, in my opinion, in a most unnecessary and, therefore, unjustifiable war. "I say at once that unless the President shall make out a case that the war is prosecuted for no purpose of acquisition of dominion, for no purpose not connected with the safety of the Union, then the whigs ought not to grant any further supplies." The whigs of that dayŠand they were the fore-runners of the republican partyŠwere terrible traitors. The whig state convention of New Hampshire, on November 6, 1847, resolved:Š "As citizens of a free country, we claim and shall exercise the right at all times of expressing our opinions of the acts, whether of the state or the national admin-istration, and whether these acts relate to war or peace. And we regard the attempt of the President of the United States in his last message to brand as traitors all citizens of the republic who do not yield a blind obedience to his will and approve his conduct in the unconstitutional commencement of the present war with Mexico as an insult to freemen." Down in Kentucky, Henry Clay, in that same year, drew resolutions for a mass-meeting which denounced the war as having been brought on by deceit and unrighteousness. But why go on with this awful narrative? Every one in that day who was not a democrat, seems to have been what Mr. Cushman has called Senator HoarŠa traitor.ŠSpringfield Republican. Has the Papal Church Become Liberal ? THE QUESTION ANSWERED BY POPE LEO HIMSELF. THERE can be no better authority upon the question whether the Catholic Church has in this day of the world Šas is so generally assertedŠbecome mild and liberal in character, than Pope Leo XIII. From his own words and acts the present character of the church of which he is head, may be fairly and truthfully judged. To this end the following statements and quotations embraced within the pontificate of the present pope, are submitted by Mr. William Burt, D.D., in the N. Y. Christian Advocate:- 9.. Has Leo been any less pretentious than his predecessors? He has allowed himself again and again to be called 'our most holy lord Leo XIII.' He has declared himself to be the supreme ruler of rulers in this world. In his letter of April 21, 1878, after depicting  the actual state of society, especially in Italy, in the darkest colors, he declared that the cause of all the evil which afflicts the world is to be found in the refusal to acknowledge the authority of the church which, in the name of God, presides over the destiny of the human race and is the avenger and guardian of every legitimate power.' Hence,' he says, 'we shall use our influence to maintain the authority and dignity of the Roman See, and to reclaim the territory and civil power which by right belong to us, for the temporal dominion of the Roman pontiff means the salvation of the humanfamily. By these letters of ours we renew and confirm the declarations and protests which our predecessor, Pius IX, made against the occupation of the Roman states and against the violation of the rights of the Church of Rome.' "On February 22, 1879, in reply to an address pre-sented to him by Roman Catholic journalists, he said : `My beloved sons, maintain by your voice and pen the necessity of the temporal sovereignty-of the Pope for the free exercise of our supreme power, and demonstrate from history our legitimate right to the same. Let it be known that the affairs of Italy shall never prosper, nor shall there be peace, until provision shall have been made for the dignity of the Roman See and for the liberty of the Pontifex Maximus.' "To the standing committee of the Catholic conven-tion, meeting. at Modena, September 18, 1879, the Pope addressed a brief inciting the people to arise and vin-dicate the rights of the papacy and restore the temporal power. . . . "In his encyclical of February 25, 1882, Leo XIII recommended the organization of societies among the young and among the working people and the holding of conventions to agitate the question of the Pope's liberty and of the restoration of the temporal power; to found and maintain everywhere able periodicals, 'such as shall stir up the people on this subject.' "In reply to the New Year's good wishes expressed to him by the Roman aristocracy he referred to their high, noble, and privileged position when the Pope was king, and exhorted them to cooperate in every way for the restoration of the former dignity and influence of the Holy See. "On June 5, 1885, the Pope declared that 'the tem-poral power was absolutely necessary for thefree exercise of his authority as the vicar of Christ.' "In as address to the committee for the centenary celebration of Gregory VII, Leo XIII, praising his illustrious predecessor (who was the incarnation of papal arrogance), expressed the wish that he himself might bb able to do as Gregory VII had done. ' "In an allocution May 23, 1887, the Pope stated that the only possible condition of peace with Italy was that the pontiff might not be subject to any earthly power. "In his encyclical of June 20, 1888, he affirmed that all legisimate power is of God, and has been intrusted alone to his vicegerent on earth. Then, taking to him-self this authority, he denied to the statetherightnot to profess the Catholic faith, and condemned liberty of worship, of speech, of the press, and of teaching. "On September 27,1888,in an address to the clergy, he said: `Do not cease to cry aloud that the suprenie power which the Pope has by divine right cannot be 