160 A..1VIMEtlICA.N STRIMPINIEIL4., VoL. 9, No. 20. .11ŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁ NEW YORE, MAY 17, 1894. IM" Any one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL withou having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. THE bill repealing the law excluding the Jesuits from Germany, which was passed by the Reichstag, has been rejected in the Bundesrath or Government Council. This defeats the measure. LONDON dispatches, of May 2, say, "The Church Patronage Bill, introduced by George C. T. Bartley (Conservative), passed its second reading in the House of Commons to-day. The bill stops the sale of the next presentations to church living, places restrictions upon all sales of church livings, and empowers bishops to prevent improper persons from being instituted in the benefices. " The Radicals opposed the bill as aim-ing to hide scandal instead of extirpating it. They contended that the proper rem-edy is disestablishment. "Sir William Harcourt, Liberal leader, did not oppose the bill, as he regarded it a step in the right direction." WITH this issue the series of articles on the Roman Catholic question is resumed. The following are some of the subjects which will be treated,ŠJustification, is it by Penance, or by Faith ? Christ or the Immaculate Conception, Which ? The Real Presence, Where and How is it Man-ifested ? The Head of the True Church, Christ or the Pope, Which ? Infallibility ; is it in Christ alone, or in the Pope, Which ? In reality the subject and thought of this series has not been materially broken, be-cause, of the five issues which have inter-vened, only one has contained a leading article which varied in its line of thought from the discussion of the subject of Ro-man Catholicism as previously promised. Those who have read with care the leading articles in Nos. 15, 16, 17 and 18, of the dates of April 12, 19, 26 and May 3, will realize that the subject has not been al-lowed to drop, and that although the form of its presentation has been changed some-what in these numbers the matter is equally valuable, and in reality properly introductory to that which is to follow. O PORTCHESTER, N. Y., is rejoicing in a full blown Law and Order League which, on Sunday, May 6, began its work with the Sunday closing of all the saloons. After a six days' relapse into common every day immorality it will again arouse and, not only close the saloons on Sunday, but make up for allowing the saloons to do business six days of the week by the  Sunday closing also of ice cream saloons, barber shops, and drug stores. Of the effect of the Sunday crusade on the sa-loons the New York World says :Š The result of the closing up in Portchester was to make a flourishing trade for the livery men. All who could afford the luxury drove to Harrison, where there is no license and evidently no excise law. Others walked to East Portchester, in Connecticut, and soon found their way to the side doors. Is such a result as this a victory for true religion ? Certainly not. Where there is no true religion, either in the methods or motives, there certainly will not be in the results. THE following is the last recorded reso-lution in favor of the congressional passage of Sunday laws for the District of Colum-bia; it was passed by an auxiliary society of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union in Washington:Š WHEREAS the Christian sentiment of this community has recently again been insulted and shocked by the not only irreverent but blasphemous manner in which Robert G. Ingersoll, on Sunday, has spoken in an open theatre, and for gain, an admission of from one dollar to one dollar and fifty cents being charged. Therefore, Resolved, That we appeal to the Sabbath-loving and God-fearing citizens of this community to bring to bear all proper means to secure the passage of Senator Kyle's bill for the protection of Sunday in this District. Resolved, That we appeal officially to the Senate committee of this District of Columbia, asking a full and favorable report of the bill to the Senate that its passage may be secured this session. The Woman's Christian Temperance Union of the District was very zealous in furthering the cause of the Breckinridge Sunday bill for the District of Columbia when it was before the House Committee on the District. IN narrating the strange events which were the precursors of the siege and de-struction: of Jerusalem, Milman says that they who witnessed it could not but re-member, at the downfall of the city, " the wild cry of Jesus, son of Ananus,Š' Woe, woe to the city!' which he had continued from the government of Albinus to the time of the siege, when he suddenly stopped, shrieked outŠ' Woe to myself !' and was struck dead by a stone." In the " Great Controversy between Christ and Satan," the same incident is thus narrated :Š For seven years a man continued to go up and down the streets of Jerusalem, declaring the woes that were to come upon the city. By day and by night he chanted the wild dirge, "A voice from the east; a voice from the west; a voice from the four winds; a voice against Jerusalem and the temple ; a voice against the bridegroom and the bride; and a voice against all the people." This strange being was imprisoned and scourged; but no complaint escaped his lips. To in-sult and abuse he answered only, " Woe to Jerusalem! woe, woe to the inhabitants thereof !" His warning cry ceased not until he was slain in the siege he had foretold. How many years shall not only one, but many, go up and down the streets and highways of this nation, their very con-dition, appearance, and presence, in itself, a louder and more insistent cry than that  of the strange prophet of evil in Jerusa-lem, and yet the people not take warning ? No, not even when the " General of the Army of the Commonweal" speaks such words as these, which the Washington Post records,Šin the Capitol City, at the head of the vanguard of the crusade of the 19th century:Š He said the occasion marked a crisis in the country that was little dreamed of. "This country," said he, "is like a big bunch of straw, and all that is necessary to start it into a roaring blaze is the torch, Do you dream that in court to-day the torch was applied ? We came here as an army of peace. God knows vio-lence is the last wish of any member of this army, but I fear that the match has been applied, and that time alone will tell what is to be the outcome. If violence does follow the consequences will not be on our heads, for others were the cause of it. It now looks to me as though it would be useless to try and accomplish anything more in the line of public reformation by peace." Troy had its Cassandra, Jerusalem its Jesus, the son of Ananus, and. the United States cannot afford to turn a deaf ear to the warning cries of the times, even though the voices which proclaim them are not pleasant to the ear. THE Review and Herald is the church paper of the Seventh-day Adventist de-nomination, and is the oldest periodical published by that body. The editor-in-chief, Elder Uriah Smith, at the request of the Foreign Mission Board of the Seventh-day Adventists, is about to make an extended tour through Europe and Western Asia. He will attend important meetings in England, Scandinavia, Ger-many, and Switzerland, after which he will visit Rome, Greece, and possibly ex-tend his tour to Palestine. While thus traveling over this historic ground, his ever-fruitful pen will still be busy in edi-torial work for the Review and Herald, and we bespeak for that paper an exten-sive circulation, especially during this time. As every one who is acquainted with Elder Smith knows, he is an earnest believer in the soon coming of Christ, and, while visiting these battle-fields of the Church of past ages, he will no doubt be able to draw many practical and impor-tant lessons for those who expect to pass through the final conflict, and stand ready to meet the Messiah at his second coming. The Review and Herald is a 16 page weekly, and the subscription price $2.00 a year. Address all orders to the Review and Herald Publishing Company, Battle Creek, Mich. Ł AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per year, - - 90c 25 to 99 ' " " " " - - - 80c 100 to 249 " " " 44 64 Ł - 75c 250 to 499 " " " " 46 - - - We 44 500 to 999 " " " Ii 46 - Ł 65c " 1000 or more 44 " 46 " 4 Ł Ł - 60c To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York city. 