AMERICAN SENTINEL. 787 with the crime itself, and a sedative to the public con-science, which ought to be kept constantly awake to the evils of the saloon business every day and all the time. To those who charge us with friendliness to the saloon in opposing Sunday laws we have this reply : You are specially hostile to the saloon one seventh of the time, while we oppose it all the time. The Effect of Sunday Laws. THE underlying sentiment and germ of Sunday laws, is a settled wish to prevent irreligious people from dese-crating what is supposed to be holy time, and so help them to be, at least, outwardly religious through the observance of a religious rest. It seems singular, how-ever, that those engaging in this sort of thing do not, or say they do not, see in it what so many who are watch-ing the movement say is in it,Šthe union of the church with the state. But from what standpoint does the state undertake to make and enforce Sunday laws? If it does so because Sunday observance is a church ordinance, is that not a union of the two forces? Again, if Sunday-keeping is regarded as a divine ordinance, and on this ground the state thinks to punish offenders, does it not in this step into the place of, and assume the prerogative of, Him who spoke the divine law, and who also said: ,‚Vengeance is mine; I will repay, saith the Lord"? Rom. 12:19. But why should any government undertake to do this, when it would not think of punishing a subject who, while living within its boundaries, refused to bow to the mandates of another civil power, even though it be a contiguous one? Should the United States attempt to administer the penalty of a Canadian law upon an Amer-ican citizen, or even upon a Canadian subject resident upon American soil, such a howl of indignation would be heard throughout the country as would call a halt upon such work. Such a protest would be entirely proper, too, on the ground that the nation had used unwarranted authority in coercing its citizens to obey the dictates of a foreign power, with which they were not in sympathy, and consequently did not care to follow. The Sabbath is a divine institution, the requirement of a divine law, which emanated from, and is therefore the requirement of, an entirely distinct government from all earthly onesŠeven a heavenly. Whoever sympa-thizes with that government, and reveres its laws, will not need to be coerced into obedience of them, but will follow their directions from his love of them, and will be the better for such adherence. But if one does not wish to walk in the ways they point out, yet fully lives out the laws of civil citizenship, why should the civil government, under which he lives so justly, punish him for not also carrying out the laws of a moral government, which is entirely outside of civil jurisdiction ? To avoid the logical conclusions of these premises, the plea is usually entered that in attempting to enforce  Sunday laws no thought is entertained of assuming God's prerogatives, but that the state simply borrows a pre-cept from God's law, and incorporates it, as a civil en-actment, into its own code. Those who oppose this course reply that such a thing is impossible, because the moral law, as handed down from God, has in it that element of its Author's life which forbids its becoming a part of any civil code. The transgression of a moral pre-cept is sin, because it is opposition to the righteousness of that which represents the life and will of its infinite and eternal Author. The violation of civil law is termed crime, simply because it is contrary to the expresed will of men, framed into law to meet exigencies of a temporal nature. In other words, God's law points out what sin always was, and always must be, without the least varia-tion, because of its very nature of contrariness to God, while civil law defines crime to be that which is contrary to man's rights in society, as determined by the demands of the time and of human wisdom. The two may be identical, but not necessarily so, from the fact that crime is a purely outward act, while sin is of the heart, and may not appear to men. In other words, crime is an outward expression of sin which lurks in the mind. So, then, while crime, the outward act, may be detected and checked by civil law, the seat of crimeŠthe heart itselfŠcannot be reached by civil jurisdiction. The refusal of a person to rest from physical labor on a stated day cannot, however, properly come within the precincts of civil legislation, because while the act is an outward one, it does no visible injury to another, nor deprives him of any right he may have to honor the day. But in case God requires such rest, it would be sin to disobey on the ground alone that to do so would dis-honor Him who asks it. But when the civil power attempts to regulate the observance of a weekly rest-day, it becomes guilty of inconsistency, because that which it counts wrong in one person regarding the use to be made of the day, it up-holds in another. For instance: one person will be per-mitted regularly to sell drugs, tobacco, and the like for profit, on the ground of their being necessary to daily use, while the sale of other things just as essential to comfort and happiness is strictly forbidden. Now, if it is no civil offense for one to sell certain things for profit on Sunday, how can the law, if it be alike just to all, punish others for selling other things on that day for the same purpose? Then, too, if morals are involved, what right has a civil law to make such discriminations ? If it be denied that morals are involved, but that these laws are simple police regulations, then on what basis is one prohibited from doing on one day that which he is freely permitted to do on all other days? If the law counts certain acts misdemeanors when done on one cer-tain day of the week, why does it not count them the same when done on other days? The fact that this dis-crimination is made is evidence that the promoters of Sunday laws seek to punish for the desecration or non. 