248 THE A.1V1   1-4.:RIC AN SENTINEL. VoL. 5, No. 31. NEW YORK, AUGUST 7, 1890. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friehd, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule tt send out no papers without pay in advance, except ,by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE Press, of this city, suggests that when lightning struck the Metropolitan Museum of Art, one Saturday night, it was doubtless trying to open the door, so that working people could get into the museum on Sunday. Ł 4  Ł  ON July 8, Senator Sherman presented in the Senate, petitions " numerously signed," from Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Maine, Pennsylvania, New York, Iowa, Kansas, Vermont, and Michigan, praying for an acknowledgment of Almighty God, and the Christian religion, in the Constitu-tion of the United States. The petitions were referred to the Committee on Judic-iary. JUDGE PENNYPACKER, of Philadelphia, in the case of an appeal from the justice court, by William R. Waldman, a barber, convicted and fined for Sunday-shaving, has affirmed the conviction with a long opinion, in which he bases his affirmance upon a law of 1794, which provides a fine of four dollars " for the performance of any worldly employment on the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday." A CALIFORNIA paper, the Citrograph, notes the fact that Congress is being flooded with petitions for the closing of the Chicago World's Fair, on Sunday, and says : " Should this be done, hundreds of thousands of workers will be debarred 'from visiting the exposition. These Sun-day-closing-petition signers can visit the exhibition any day they like; but the poor laborer, the workingman whose daily toil just suffices to keep his family going, must either be debarred from seeing the sights of the fair altogether or go on Sunday. We certainly hope Congress will totally ignore these petitions. To do otherwise rill be to work a great hardship on the toilers of Chicago and vicinity." Ł Ł   JUST now, Cardinal Gibbons is in bad odor with the Mail and Express, because he has said that he is in favor of opening museums and art galleries on Sunday, and that " apart from such religious exercises as each man's conscience may impose upon him, the day should be given up to such recreations as contribute to the physical, mental, and moral benefit and enjoyment of the people." " His position," says the  Mail and Express, "is thoroughly con-sistent with the practices of his church. . . . In Romanist countries Sunday is usually a day of shows, and general dissi-pation. The priests are satisfied, if the people go to mass in the morning, and to confession occasionally, to have them desecrate the Sabbath in any way they please." The gentleman who presides over the destinies of the Mail and Express, would be satisfied with nothing less than the devoting of the whole of Sunday to religious exercise and spiritual meditation, saving that he would probably allow am-ple time, for those who could afford it, to enjoy the usual Sunday dinner. THE Methodists of Utah have adopted a strong resolution warning the people of the United States against Mormonism;  and declaring that the radical cure for what they call the new and dangerous form of Mormon rebellion, is to be looked for largely in the pending legislation in Congress. Commenting upon this a sec-ular. paper remarks, that in this they " appear to have fallen into an error in the language, at least, of their resolution. The resolution condemns Mormonism. But the Government of the United States has no war to wage against Mormonism. Apart from polygamy, the rights of the Mormon Church in this country do not differ from those of any other church." Now that the national Government has taken charge of the landing of immigrants at New York, a writer in the Mail and Express is anxious that Congress should regulate the time of departure of steam-ships from foreign ports, so that they should not arrive and disembark their passengers here on Sunday. He thinks that if the national Government would notify steamship companies that after a given date immigrants would not be allowed to land on Sunday, there would be no trouble in obtaining compliance with such a regu-lation. "This when accomplished," he ex-claims, " will be another point gained in favor of Sabbath observance." How nu-merous, and how wonderful are the ways in which it is sought to commit Congress to Sunday legislation! REFERRING to the fact that the Gov-ernment has been for years granting money to various denominations, for the education of certain Indians, the World asks: " What business has the United States to engage in religious proselyting of the Indians, when its policy towards them for a hundred years has been rob-bery and extinction ?" Only one answer can be given, namely, that the United States has no business whatever to en-gage in any such work. If the Govern-ment had let the religious education of the Indians alone altogether, it is highly probable that they would have received  more and better religious instruction than they have received; In that case, men and women having a genuine missionary spirit would have been sent among them, who would :hay-e labored from love of souls, instead. of love for Uncle Sam's dollars. The.  greatest service that civil government 'can possibly do genuine Christianity;  iS :to let religious instruction and religious questions severely alone. THE Central American correspondent of the New York Sun, says : " A move-ment is going on in all the five republics to close the shops and stores on Sundays. The markets and establishments where provisions are sold, will be opened during a certain part of the day." Although the Roman Catholic Church has been dises-tablished in Central America, yet, that is the form of religion quite universally es-poused by the ruling classes; it is not likely to be difficult there, therefore, to obtain a formal observance of Sunday, enforced by law. To all who are experi-mentally acquainted, however, with Cen-tral American life and manners, such a " movement " presents itself as a grim sarcasm on the mock Christianity of this whole politico-legal hypocrisy. THE Christian Inquirer, a Baptist pa-per of this city, says :Š The Bible is the creed of Protestants. In this day when there is so much attention paid to con-fessions of faith, and so much said about a revision of creeds, the Church needs to swing back to the Bible as the supreme authority of doctrine and life, creed and conduct. Our battle will be shorter, sharper, more conclusive, and our victory surer and more glorious when we meet the hosts of infidelity, Romanism, and all sorts of falsehood and wicked - ness, with the Bible only, in our hands. Our appeal must be to the Book 1 Every doctrine of men must be brought to the test of God's word. If it be of God it will stand; if not, it will perish, and ought to perish. That is good; the Bible ought to be in fact, as it is in theory, the creed of Prot-estants. But how about forcing " the creed of Protestants " upon everybody by the power of the State ? And if Protest-ants are indeed willing to bring every-thing to the test of the Bible, and if they believe that everything that is of God will stand, why do they seek to have some so-called Christian institutions bol-stered up by civil laws ? THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preserva- tion of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending towards a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. SINGLE COPY, PER YEAR, POST--PAID, . . . $1.00. In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, . . . . 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORE. Ł -4  Ł  