VOL. 11, .No. JO. sufferers whom the world does not generally recognize as yet, who are making a heroic struggle for religious liberty. These are the Seventh-day Adventists who have been called to suffer in prison and chain-gangs for their faith. First they sacrifice the most valuable business day of the week to their convictions, and then for a failure to sacrifice another day to the opinions of their neighbors, they are fined, their property sold by the sheriff to pay costs, and imprisoned or worked with crimi-nals in the chain-gang. Their fortitude, the joyfulness with which they take the spoiling of their goods, separation from family and friends, the disgrace of the cell or the chain-gang and the associations with the vile, is a specticle to inspire one amidst this compro-mising, trimming, time-serving age of ours. For the purpose of aiding these oppressed people, and promulgating the Christian prin-ciples of liberty of conscience, the Inter-national Religious Liberty Association was organized. It is supported by members who pay one dollar a year as a membership fee; and by donations from sympathizing friends of religious liberty, some of whom, while they do not endorse the religious practices of these persecuted people, yet desire to aid them in the struggle for freedom, realizing that if religious liberty may be abridged in the case of this humble minority, it may be in any case. Many of the members of the organization are poor, and the self-denial manifested in many cases to secure funds to donate to its work, is hardly second to the devotion of those called upon to suffer for their faith in prisons and chain-gangs. One in the posi-tion of secretary of the Association can but be impressed, much as was General Marion's English visitor, with this self sacrificing de-votion to the cause of liberty, and with the fruitlessness of any attempt to quench it by persecution. A man of sixty cuts cord-wood in the sum-mer's sun to obtain money to send to the Association; a man of seventy in his poverty cultivates a row of tomatoes and realizes three dollars and a half which he donates; a widow sends a dollar earned by washing for her neighbors; one sends two dollars, and writes: " I am sixty-six years old and very feeble and have only thirty-one cents. left. . . . But I know He will put more means in my hands if I use what I have to his glory." How utterly useless it is for mortal men to attempt to stamp from the breasts of their fellow-men this immortal God-breathed prin-ciple,Šlove of liberty. A. F. BALLENGER, Sec. I. R. L. Ass'n. 39 Bond St., New York. Ł Al. Ł  DEVELOPMENT OF RELIGIOUS LAW. [Present Truth (London, Eng.), Aug. 10, 1896.] WHAT is the origin of the present develop-ment of human law for the enforcement of religion? Paul asked the Thessalonians if they did not remember that when he was with them he had told them of these things; and that they should let no man deceive them, for there should be a falling away and the man of sin be revealed, by whom the mystery of iniquity was already, even at that time, working. The Thessalonians were to rememberŠand are we to forget that this was said to them?Šthat God was to be opposed, and there should be one who would exalt himself above God, and should, from the very temple of God  itself, attempt to show that he. was himself God. They were told not to forgetŠand are we to fail to remember ?Šthat the iniquitous workings, then begun in secret, should at length be revealed, and that which was planned in secrecy should finally be pro-claimed on the housetops. Here was the origin of human laws for the enforcement of religion, and this subtle deceivableness of unrighteousness, which is now working with power and signs and lying wonders, is the mystery of the deeds of sin of that wicked one who will be consumed and destroyed by fire out of heaven in that last great and terrible day of the Lord. This wicked one still works in secret and his deeds are yet a mystery to mostŠbut not to all. That mysterious antichristian influ-ence which has permeated the worldŠhas invaded and corrupted churchesŠhas, with consummate tact and diplomacy, insinuated itself into civil councils and dominated gov-ernmentsŠis not now utterly unknown and unrecognized. Prophecy has pointed out the progress of the mystery of iniquity, and history has recorded the fullfilment and realization of prophecy step by step, and emphasized each prophetic milestone by such unmistakable in-scriptions that the most ignorant may read and comprehend. The line of march of the mysterious commander of the forces of anti-christ is marked by ever increasing inroads into the confines of true religion and civil justice; while pagan observances are added to, or mingled with, methods of worship, and practiced, until they become accepted forms. Those who have resisted the encroachments of evil, and remained true to the teachings of Christ and the apostles, acknowledging no rival authority, and submitting their lives to no rule but that of God and his word, have, at the behest of this commander, filled the cells of the Inquisition, suffered under its instruments of torture, fed the flames with their flesh, and soaked the earth with their blood. The same spirit of fraud, and violence, and force, and cruelty, and injustice, is still at work. Its field of operations is not circum-scribed. It is not confined to the battle-grounds of former campaigns. Fresh fields of conquest have been opened in new worlds. The same tactics which have been so success-ful in former ages are still in vogue, in forms modified to suit changed social and political conditions. Religious observances, pagan and idolatrous in character, have been in-grafted into the accepted religious formality. These observances have grown and developed until they overshadow the real purpose of religion, and take the place, in the minds of their devotees, of true religion itself. The test of a profession of religion has, oftentimes, become the acceptance of the popular and accepted forms of superficial and fashionable devotion. Not infrequently they who occupy the highest seat in the synagogue ignore Christ and his teachings, and, although they profess to accept the Word of God, deny the author-ity of its precepts, and affirm the authority of the traditions of men. The pulpit has been set in the open door-way of the temple of Janus. While it remains there those doors can never be shut. From such a pulpit the gospel of force must be preached. From such a pulpit the soldier and the police constable will be accredited emissaries. Such a gospel does not persuade or convert, it subjugates; it does not convict of sin, it establishes the sinner in an hypoc-risy which covers evil with an affectation of good, and imputes evil where good is. NEWS AND NOTES. THE question of Sunday street-car service is still agitating the people of Toronto,-Ont. The mayor has promised his hearty support to the opponents of Sunday cars. THE National Christian Citizenship League has issued an appeal to the friends of temper-ance to aid in the fight for the preservation of prohibition in South Dakota, which has now reached a critical stage. NEW ORLEANS, La., Ravenswood and As-toria, N. Y., Waterbury, Conn., Atlantic City, N. J., Oshkosh, Wis., and Brazil, Ind., are a few of the places where the gospel of force is being invoked by clergymen and others in the interests of Sunday observance. Ix New Orleans, La., the Sunday-law forces, beginning with the closing of the saloons, have now proceeded to close all groceries and other stores on Sunday, except the markets and fruit stands. Their goal seems to be the closing of everything on Sunday except the church. Ł AN Anti-Masonic International Congress is soon to be held in Europe, under the special auspices of] the Vatican, none being allowed to participate in it except those who "profess the most absolute obedience to the Roman Catholic Church and to the pope." The pip-acy will in this try to impress the people with a sense of the sinfulness of allegiance to any-thing except itself. REPRESENTATIVES Of the Greek, Anglican, Old Catholic, and Protestant churches recently held a meeting in Vienna, at which a resolu-tion was passed unanimously protesting against the claim of the Pope to be the source of healing for Christendom, and against other assumptions of the papal church. The con-vention was designed as an offset to the Pope's late encyclical to Hungary. THE Armenian Revolutionary Society are to the front again with serious disturbances in Constantinople and Galata. On August 26, an armed body of these revolutionists entered and took possession of the Ottoman Bank, where they remained during the day, shooting at the police and firing bombs into the streets, killing and wounding passers by. The next morning they surrendered, and stated that the purpose of the riot was to secure reforms. The immediate result, as reported, was exten-sive damage to property and the loss of several hundred lives, mostly those of Armenians. " RELIGION in politics " is intensifying the desperate conflict between " Christian " and Turk in Crete. The evidence of this is the following statement made recently in Parlia-ment by the English Under-Secretary for For-eign Affairs:Š " The second difficulty with which we are confronted is one which it is almost impossi-ble to escape, and that is the outbreak of re-ligious and political animosity which unhap-pily prevails in the island. One day one party is the aggressor, and the next day the other party is the aggressor. It is not fair to say that in every case the Christians have been the victims. If the House could at all realize the intensity of the religious feeling which Nevails, it would try and avoid taking sides." 