122 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, that, that this Board of Managers have to do this. The equity of the case, however, has been: largely discussed in past numbers of THE SENTINEL. It is not that point that we now wish to notice, but rather the character of these " easy lessons " which are so highly recommended" by the Inde-pendent, Bishop Phelan, and the editor of the Presbyterian Banner. The 'book itself is a little pamphlet of fifty-three pages, four by five and one-half inches in size, and is put together in two parts. Part I, thirty-two pages, is made up of twenty-three lessons in Roman Cath-olic doctrine, concerning creation, the trin-ity, the fall, the redemption, the com-mandments, and the judgment. Part II is a short history of the Christian religion reaching from creation to the day of Pen-tecost when the Holy Spirit fell upon the disciples of Christ. Of course, we can not notice each lesson in detail. We have said that the lessons are lessons in Roman Catholic doctrine, and this is precisely what they are; and to show to our readers that this is so, is the object of this article. The phraseology throughout betrays a Roman Catholic writer, one who has been instructed in Roman Catholic religious books. The phraseology never would have come from any one who has been instructed from the King. James version of the Bible or in Protestant lines of thought. For instance the word " justice " is used where the King James version, and Protestantism, always use " righteousness; " " Sem " where these use " Shem ;" " Pasch " where these always use "Passover." This will be observed also, as we note the doctrines that are inculcated. The following passage upon the subject of sins, distinctly sets forth the Roman Catholic doctrine of mortal and venial sins, but here the thing is made " easy " by calling them " grievous offenses " and " small of-fenses" Question.ŠAre all actual sins equally great ? Answer. ŠNo; all sins are not equally great; there are grievous offenses against the law of God, and there are also small offenses against the law of God. Ques. ŠWhat are the effects of grievous offenses against the law of God ? Ans.ŠGrievous offenses against the law of God kill the soul, by depriving it of the true spiritual life of grace, and make it liable to eternal punish-ment in hell. Ques.ŠWhat are the effects of small offenses against the law of God ? Ans.ŠSmall offenses against the law of God do not rob the soul of the true spiritual life of grace; but they hurt the soul by lessening its love for God, and by disposing to great sins. Ques.ŠIs it a great misfortune to fall into griev-ous sin ? Ans.ŠIt is the greatest of all misfortunes. The next thing after this piece of papal doctrine is to find a purgatory for those souls who are hurt by the small mis-fortune of " small offenses " against the law of God; and this is done in the follow-ing " easy " lesson :Š Ques. ŠDid Christ's soul descend. into the hell of the damned ? Ans.ŠThe hell into which Christ's soul_ descended was not the hell of the damned, but a place or state of rest. Ques. ŠWho were in this place of rest ? Ans.ŠThe souls of, the just who died before Christ. Ques. ŠWhy did Christ descend into this; place? Ans,ŠTo announce to those spirits that were in prison the joyful tidings of their redemption. Ques. ŠWhen did the souls of the just who died before Christ go to heaven ? Ans.ŠWhen Christ ascended into heaven. Ques. ŠWhere was Christ's body while his soul was in limbo, or the place of rest ? , Ans. ŠIn the sepulcher, or grave. This limbo is an " easy " word for the latin, limbos patrum, and is essentially the Roman Catholic purgatory. This in-deed is evident from the doctrine of the whole lesson. Query : How can the Inde-pendent endorse this " easy lesson," and oppose the Andover New Theology as it does ? It does not seem to us that it can consistently do both. Lesson three of part II, sets forth the Roman Catholic doctrine of Gen. 3:15, which, according to the Catholic Bible, reads as follows :Š I will put enmities between thee and the woman and thy seed and her seed. She shall crush thy head and thou shalt lie in wait for her heel. Now this " easy lesson " easily insinuates this Roman Catholic doctrine in the follow-ing words Ques. ŠHow was a Redeemer promised ? Ans.ŠTo show how hateful sin was to him, God cursed the serpent which had deceived Eve, con-demning him to crawl upon the ground and to eat the dust; besides, he said enmity should exist be-tween the serpent and the woman, but in the end the woman would crush his head. Lesson five, of part II, easily inculcates the "easy lesson" of the Papal unbloody sacrifice of the Mass, as follows. Ques. ŠWhat were the principal religious rites and festivals of the Mosaic law ? Ans.ŠThe principal religious rites of the law given to Moses were sacrifices offered to God; they were either bloody; in which were offered heifers, and sheep, and goats, and doves; or unbloody, in which were offered cakes, and unleavened bread, and wine. It is not surprising that Bishop Phelan should say that Catholics can accept all that this book contains for it is essentially Catholic in every intent and purpose; and that the Independent and " a pillar of orthodoxy " the editor of the Presbyterian Banner, should endorse it as being adapted to general use only shows how far the so-called Protestant profession has become like the Roman Catholic. Yes, it is true; Catholics and Protestants are uniting, but it is the same way that the lion and the lamb unite. It is true they are all becom-ing one, but the Roman Catholic is the one. Roman Catholicism has not abated one jot of her claims nor modified in one tittle her doctrine; and the only way it is possible for the Roman Catholic Church and the Protestant churches ever to unite is by the Protestant churches becoming Roman Catholic. This is what they are doing. Roman Catholic forms and insti-tutions are adopted, observed, and . en-forced, by those who- boast of their Prot-estantism. _Roman. Catholic doctrines. are held and inenleated- by churches calling themselves Protestant. And the state-- ment of the Independent that these " easy lessons " teach nothing militating against the doctrines of any church that retains faith in the gospel of Jesus Christ, shows how far this Protestant apostasy has gone toward the great general apostasy. Yet, upon this THE AMERICAN SENTINEL would have . no criticism to make were that all that it is. Any man has-the right to be a Roman Catholic and to believe all that the Roman Catholic Church teaches; and every Protestant has the right to apostatize from Protestantism and become a Roman Catholic. Any person, Protestant or otherwise, has the right to adopt any form, institution, or rite of the Roman Catholic Church, and observe it. Protes-tants have the right to adopt as many " easy lessons " in Roman Catholic doc-trine as they choose, and teach them in their churches and in their homes as they please. Therefore we say that 'if this were all there is of this question THE SENTINEL would have no criticism to make.. Unfortunately, however, this is not all. Indeed it is but the beginning, and the beginning of a gigantic and dangerous scheme to usurp the public authority and force these things upon all the people. This book itself is now being used in public institutions in the State of Pennsyl-vania. It is recommended for use in mixed schools everywhere. The union of Protestants and Catholics, in this thing, is only a union for the bad purpose of forc-ing religious doctrines upon all the people, and, that at the expense of all the people. It is a proposition to force the religious views of certain ones upon others who have just as much right to believe for themselves as these have. This pamphlet itself distinctly attacks the religious stand-ing of certain classes of citizens who have just as much right to stand where they do as the believers in these " easy lessons " have to stand as they do. . Lesson seven-teen of part I, is on the first of the ten commandments, and a part of that lesson is as follows :Š Ques. ŠMention some of the sins against this commandment ? Ans.ŠIdolatry, infidelity, indifference to religion, witchcraft, superstition, and spiritism. Qzces.ŠWhat is idolatry ? Ans.ŠIdolatry is to pay to any creature the honor which belongs to God alone. Ques. ŠWhat is infidelity ? Ans.--Infidelity is the want of faith in the word of God. Ques.ŠWhat is spiritism, or spiritualism ? - Ans.ŠSpiritism, or spiritualism is to believe that the souls of the dead communicate with men, by rapping and moving furniture, or by writing, or by speaking to mediums. Now, against this in itself we can not say that we have any particular objection. But we want to know what right the State 