396 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. demand on the part of the churches for Sunday laws and Sunday enforcementŠit is that they may "have the right of way to our masses." But in the same paper, the same writer showed very plainly that they desire not only "the right of way to our masses," but "the right of way" to the pocket-books of "our masses." He says : "If the churches of this state (Michigan) were to contribute $io,000 this year to assist the American Sabbath Union to push its work, they would in our judgment make for themselves the finest possible in-vestment. The money so invested would soon return to them with fine rates of interest. The money now spent in Sabbath desecration by those who are in large sympathy with the churches, but who are led off to the parks, on excursions, and to other places, where money is spent freely, * * * would, if our Sunday laws were enforced, return to the churches and con-tribute to their support." This was written nine years ago, but it just as truly reveals the real motive back of the "civil Sabbath" now as it did then. And the workingmen should un-derstandŠsuch of them as do not now understand itŠthat in joining in the demand for Sunday laws, they are only asking the state to restrict their liberties in the interests of the churches. We believe that every man ought to be interested in religion and assist in supporting the gospel, but this he should do voluntarily, "not by constraint but will-ingly." And certainly the church has no right to use the civil power to compel this, even indirectly. It is no part of the duty of the state to foster re-ligion or religious institutions other than by such just laws as will leave every man free to worship or not to worship just as he elects. Historically, religious liberty means not only the right to accept, to profess, and to observe the religion of one's choice, but also the right to reject, not to profess, and not observe any religion. This right the "civil Sabbath" seeks to abridge by in- direction. B. The Church Militant. (Chicago, Journal, June 19.) Quite the most surprising deliverance upon the Chinese question comes from Bishop Earl Cranston, who declared, in a sermon at Denver on Sunday, that it is worth any cost in money or bloodshed if we can make the millions of Chinese true and intelligent Christians. "I would," he continued, "cut all the red tape in the world, and break all the treaties ever made, to place the armies of the United States in the fore next to Great Britain. We must not be the tail end of everything." Bishop Cranston was, we believe, elected to his present position at the Cleveland conference of '96, and is now stationed at Portland, Ore. During the  past three or four years he has traveled abroad, and travel seems to have enlargedŠor perhaps "expanded" is the better wordŠhis views. The moral obloquy discovered by many men of many minds in discussing the Chinese is one of the most astonishing phenomena of a turbulent and stren-uous age. Commerce, imperialism, and the followers of Christ, widely apart on many other questions, have been singularly unanimous in denying to the Chinese the common attributes of humanity, white, black or yellow. Hath not a Chinaman eyes ? Hath not a Chinaman hands, organs, dimensions, senses, affec-tions, passions ? Evidently not. Commerce would force trade upon him, even though the trade be opium ; imperialism would cut up his empire, upon this or that pretext; and the followers of ChristŠthe Christ that stands for peace on earth, good will toward menŠwould make the Asiatic empire run red with blood, transform its rice fields into shambles, ensanguine every river and tributary, if thereby, as Bishop Crans-ton says, "we can make the millions of Chinese true and intelligent Christians." For the Denver exponent of the church militant does not stand alone in his views. He perhaps stands alone in audacity and bloodthirstiness ; but others secretly believe what he has the shamelessness to avow. The missionary question is a question upon which we hesitate to pronounce opinion. Much may be, much has been, said upon all its sides. It is not a question upon which an opinion can be passed at once sweeping, intelligent and final. Yet one can, with a clear conscience and a conviction of right, protest against any such monstrous, immoral declaration as that credited to Bishop Cranston. It is unspeakably odious. Nor is it necessary that one should have any gen-uine sympathy with the Chinese to appreciate the shameful bullyragging that that peaceful people has put up with for more than half a century. The pow-ers, one and all, but England in especialŠthe Eng-land that Bishop Cranston would like to see, with drawn sword, marching side by side with the United StatesŠhave outraged, abused and robbed China sys-tematically. Every concession of importance that they have obtained from China has been such a concession as the victim of a highwayman yields at the point of a pistol. When Europe has advanced another foot on Chinese soil the foot has been set down in blood. And we, the lovers of Liberty, the writers about liberty, the orators on the subject of Liberty, and her sister, JusticeŠwhat have we done to help the cause along? We have denied the Chinese entrance to this country, and demanded entrance to theirs. At the same time we have opened our gates to the riffraff of 