674 AMERICAN SENTINEL. erations back, that the President, the members of con gress and of the State legislatures, the governors, the supreme court justices and other fudges, etc., will be Re_ publicans or Democrats. The exceptions to this fixed order of things have been so few as only to make it more conspicuous by their contrast. The only channels, therefore, through which politi-cal reforms in the state and nation can come, are those which these parties present. But what hope is there that either of these is to so change its present character as to become the party of moral reforms? Who is to defy the Scripture query and bring a clean thing out of that which is unclean? The following statement by Mayor Jones, of Toledo, who has become a prominent figure in Ohio politics, is to the point in this connection:Š "The great political parties in this country have been without a moral issue for the last quarter of a cen-tury. . . . They do not differ in their moral pur-poses. One is as bad as the other, and both are against the best interests of the greatest number. They are greedy for spoils and plunder. Ł They do not care for so-cial conditions. They do not seek to improve society. They foster nothing so much as place-getting. There is a constant evasion of real issues in the platforms and in the resolutions of public assemblages. No mention is made of the appalling condition of distress which exists among the masses in our cities. Not a word is said about the throngs of unemployed men and women, who are tramping the well-beaten road to beggary and crime. Everywhere in the public utterances of party leaders we hear a soothing and pleasant optimism that is wholly unsupported by the facts of our every-day life." The two leading parties are friends of the liquor traffic. Over and over again has it been shown that no hope for temperance reform can rest with either of them. The prohibitionists and the W. C. T. U. have long since ceased looking to either for any help to the temperance cause. And what moral reform can be hoped for from a party which is so thoroughly immoral as to favor the traffic in strong drink? Is it not perfectly plain that the most that can be hoped for in politics, as regards moral issues, is a com-promise? But a compromise of this class is itself a sur-render of moral principle. A compromise between right and wrong is always a defeat for the side of right. Christians cannot compromise with wrong; that is for-bidden by Christianity. The devil can be satisfied with a compromise, always; the Lord, never. The Christian church can compromise with the world only by stepping down from the plane of Christianity. And just this must be the result to the church if she persists to the end in her purpose to utilize the nation's political power for the advancement of the kingdom of Christ. She herself will be dragged downward, the standard of moral truth and righteousness will be low-ered, and the cause for which it stands, instead of being advanced, will suffer a great defeat. The power of God is the church's strength and safe-ty; worldly power has always been to her a delusion and a snare. Two Distinct Realms. THE new journal, Church and State, claims that the church and the state are "one in the moral principles in-sisted upon, as far as law can regulate conduct." In this respect this newest advocate of the union of church and state occupies the same old mistaken and fallacious ground that has always characterized, and which must always characterize, all advocacy of the union of church and state. That mistaken and falla-cious ground is that the church and the state occupy the same field, that they are essentially one in their pur-poses. Of course, if that were true there would be some reason in their joining themselves together. But noth-ing can be further from the truth than is that concep-tion of things. The church and the state occupy realms as distinct as are day and night. The church is spiritual. The principles, the truths, and the work of the church are altogether spiritual. She makes her appeal to men wholly upon spiritual con-siderations; and appeals altogether to the spiritual part of man. On the other hand the state is only natural. It oc-cupies only the realm of the natural. The men with whom it deals are natural men. The considerations upon which it proceeds, the principles which are followed by it, and the part of the man with which it deals, are all only natural and of this world only. And in crossing the line of separation which, in the nature of things, exists between the church and the state, and mingling the spiritual and the naturalŠthis is where the church always has made her great mistake, and has pleased herself with a most mischievous fallacy. And this is always only the consequence of the church's becoming herself more natural than spiritual. Then having herself become more natural than spir-itual, she' seeks to influence men by natural considera-tions. This in itself is a fearful falling away. But the most mischievous part of the thing is that she seeks upon natural considerations and by natural would-be means to influence men to spiritual things. This is ut-terly incongruous. The church, claiming to be spiritual and being of right spiritual, has no Łright whatever to use any but spiritual means with which to influence men in spirit-ual things. And as the purpose and work of the church are of right only spiritual, it is certain that the church never can of right use any but spiritualmeans in accom-plishing her purposes. To use temporal penalties to accomplish spiritual purposes, to use civil disabilities to secureirecognition of moral:obligation, is, so far a* 