THE PILGRIM'S PROGRESS BY JOHN BTJNYAN. Royal Octavo Edition in large type, and contains over 100 illustrations, 50 of which are full page. Cloth, with side stamp in ink and gold, $1.00. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL,. 391 THE very words of the title, " Advocates of Sun-day Opening," used by the Statesman, and other advocates of Sunday closing by compulsion of law, is indicative of their inability, or unwillingness, to understand the principles involved in this question, and which animate the Religious Liberty Associa-tion as well as all other intelligent opponents of religious legislation. The advocates of legal Sun- day closing proceed aggressively from the intol-erant conviction that all, irrespective of religious opinion, or practice, or personal wish, should be compelled to close their exhibits on Sunday. They are so fully possessed by this spirit, and by an intensity of mistaken belief, that they are thus doing God service, that they seem unable to com-prehend, in an opponent, any position except one that is in complete antithesis to their own, and would make the statement of the case "Enforced Sunday opening vs. enforced Sunday closing." Such a statement of the position of the Religious Liberty Association as this is just as far from the truth as to attribute to it the advocacy of Sunday closing by law. The principle which animates this Association is succinctly expressed in the Declara-tion at the head of these columns, " We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on re-ligious questions." This principle applies equally to affirmative and negative legislation. If any should ask that the general government, or a muni- cipality, should commit itself to the enforcement of a law for Sunday opening, instead of a law for Sunday closing, the Religious Liberty Association would oppose it with equal earnestness, for either would be equally intolerant with the other. As opponents of such measures as these the Associa-tion stands on the sure foundation of Christian charity and sound Christian statesmanship found in God's word. Is it moral blindness, or intellec- tual inability, from which arises the incapacity to comprehend a position so clearly stated ? IT is said that more than fifty thousand blank petitions have been sent out to ministers of differ- - ent denominations, for them and their congrega-tions to sign, praying Congress to interfere in the municipal regulations of the city of Chicago and require that the gates of the World's Fair be closed on Sunday. The unconstitutionality of that which is asked probably does not appear quite so plainly in the language of the petition, but for Congress to assume a local authority in the municipal affairs of Chicago, or any other city outside the District of Columbia, is just as unconstitutional stated in one set of words as another. Congress may regulate the Government exhibit, its own especial charge, but beyond that it has no'more specific and local authority than it has over the rest of Chicago or over the city of New York. THE Milwaukee Exposition, the past summer, has been opened on Sundays; no civil disorder has resulted, although the attendance reached as high as twenty thousand, larger than that of any other day. This is worthy of notice as evidence that the demand for Sunday closing of the World's Fair, at Chicago, has no foundation in experience, from which to claim the necessity of closing to avoid civil difficulties and confusion..  The desire to enforce religion by law is the sole motive. SINCE it has been decided to remove the Chris-tian Statesman to Pittsburg, active efforts seem to have been made to purge that city of its Sunday-breaking elements, and make it a fit place from which to preach the gospel of law and salvation, through the police court. On Sunday, Nov. 15, the manager of the Pittsburg Grand Opera House, to-gether with the German comedian Joseph K. Emmett and twenty others, and nineteen haekmen, were arrested for violation of the Sunday law. Tau American Sabbath Union has prepared a book of over two hundred pages, entitled " Voices of the People in Petitions and Remonstrances Against Sunday Opening of the World's Columbian Exposition in 1893. ADVERTISEMENTS. HANDSOME BOOKS FOR HOLIDAY PRESENTS. YOUNG PEOPLE'S LIBRARY. SERIES I. Every volume in this library contains choice, wholesome, instructive reading, and, while de-signed for the young, it will be equally interesting to every member of the family. Each volume has 160 pages, is fully illustrated and substantially bound in fine colored cloth, handsomely embossed in jet and gold. Series 1 contains: six volumes which are as follows:Š I. FIJI AND SAMOA,ŠJOTTINGS PROM Tax PACIFIC, No 1. 2. JACK THE CONQUEROR. 3. SAVONAROLA, the Florentine Mar-tyr. 4. THE TONGA ISLANDS and Other Crou IBS,ŠJOTTINGS FROM THE PACIFIC, No. 2. 5. LETTERS FROM THE HOLY LAND. 9. AMONG -THE NORTHERN ICE-BERGS. The set, in cloth, in a box, sent post-paid, for $3.60. Single volumes, 60 cents each, paper, 25 cents. CRUDEN'S CONCORDANCE, A DICTInNARY, And Alphabetical Index TO THE BIBLE. Cloth, $1.25. Sheep, $2.50. ATTRACTIVE TRUTHS IN LESSON AND STORY. A series of outline lessons with illtistrative stories and Scripture verses for the use of those who are inexperienced in teaching the young. It is suitable for use in childrens' meetings and for home teaching. Cloth, 81.25. THE CHRISTIAN'S SECRET OF A HAPPY LIFEŠBy Hannah Whitall Smith. Standard edition. 12mo, 240 pages, 75 gents. Handy classic edition. 18mo, 392 pages, cloth, gilt edges, 85 cents. THE LIVES AND TRAVELS OF LIV-INGSTONE AND STANLEYŠCover-ing their entire career in Southern and Cen-tral Africa, carefully prepared from the most authentic sources. A thrilling narra-tive of the adventures, discoveries, experi-ences, and achievements of the greatest ex-plorers of modern times, in a wild and won-derful country. By Rev. J. E. Chambliss, Richly illustrated. Large 8vo, cloth, 760 pages, $1. 50. SIBERIA AND THE NIHILISTS.ŠWhy Kerman went to Siberia. By William Jack-son Armstrong. This is one of the most in-tensely interesting and thoroughly reliable contributions to literature on Russia and the Nihilists ever published. Everybody should read this book, because no one can be intel-ligent upon the subject of which it treats without familiarity with its contents. 160 pages, paper covers, 25 cents. CHURCH AND STATEŠBy Philip Schaff, D. D. This book discusses that part of the Constitution of the United States which pro-tects us against the despotism of a State Church, and guarantees to us the free exer-cise and enjoyment of religion, as an inher-ent, inviolable and inalienable right of every man. Price $1.50. MEMOIRS OF EDWIN BAINBRIDGE.ŠThe subject of this memoir is the young English tourist who met his death at the dreadful volcanic eruption of Tarawera, New Zealand, on the 10th of June, 1886. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75c. JAMES CHALMERS, Missionary and Explorer of Raratonga and New GuineaŠBy Wm. Robson, of the London Missionary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. THE POCKET ATLAS OF THE WORLD ŠA comprehensive and popular series of maps, illustrating physical and political ge-ography, with geographical statistical notes, 54 double maps, cloth, $1. 00. JOHN GRIFFITH, Founder of the Han.-kow Mission, Central ChinaŠBy Wil-liam Robson, of the London Missionary society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. JOHN BRIGHT, the Man of the People ŠBy Jesse Page, author of " Bishop Patter-son," "Samuel Crowther," etc. I2mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. THE NONSUCH PROFESSOR IN HIS MERIDIAN SPLENDORŠBy Rev. Wm. Seeker. Introduction by Theodore L. Cuyler, D. D. 16mo, 367 pages, $1.00. HENRY M. STANLEY, the African Ex-plorerŠBy Arther Montefiore, F. R. G. S. Brought down to 1889. 12mo. 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. FAVORITE BIBLE STORIES FOR THE YOUNG Š With numerous illustrations. 16mo, handsomely illuminated board covers, 50 cents. ; cloth extra, 75 cents. OUR COUNTRY, ITS POSSIBLE FU-TURE, AND PRESENT CRISISŠ' By Rev. Josiah Strong. 228 pages, cloth, 60 cents. JOHN WILLIAMS, the Martyr of Erro-mangaŠ.By Rev. J. J. Ellis. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. reŠThe above named books will be sent post-paid on receipt of price. Ł Address all orders to the PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK OITY. OR OAKLAND, CAL. 