411,1001141jull f Ł il;thPillgi Fp Wit! Equal and-exact justice to all rrierl, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas Jefferson. VOLUME 5. NEW YORK, JUNE 5, 1890. NUMBER 23. e l metrical) Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CQMPANY, No. 43 BoND ST., NEW TORE. EDITOE, - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLIVAN, W. H. Mc KEE. THOSE who insist that some species of religious instruction shall be incorporated into, our public-school system, may not in-tend the result; yet they are taking just the=course, most likely to destroy the sys-tem altogether, since they demand of it what it cannot consistently do. Secular instruction is the utmost limit to which the system can be reasonably extended.ŠIndependent. -4-.  THE home and the church are the projer places for; moral and religious training, not' the State free schools. These schools are for secular training, to prepare for intelligent citizenship, heroic manhood, and for life work. The State educates for its own support and protection, not for the future of man or boy after death; not to make Christians, Jews, or Mormons, but to make good citizens, noble patriots, and wise men.ŠCommercial Gazette, Bal-timore, Maryland. " ALL crime against the State," says Rey'. W. J. Coleman, " is an open sin against God." If this were true, it would follow that the State can require nothing wrong,, and forbid nothing that is right. It would also follow that the three He-brews.who refused to fall down before the great image which Nebuchadnezzar set up, were guilty of sin; that Daniel sinned in praying to God when forbidden so to do by the king; and that the apostles and martyrs of Jesus also sinned when they chose to obey God rather than men. God has ordained civil government ; he did this when he created men and placed them together in families and communi-ties; and when governthents confine them- selves to their proper sphere it is sin to resist their authority ; but when, they enter the domain of morals and assume to rule in things pertaining to God, they put themselves in the place of God, and must be disobeyed by all who would remain loyal to God. It is this principleŁ alone that justifies the martyrs; any other re-duces them to the level of criminals who suffered justly, condemned alike by God and man. The Bennett Law. THE Bennett law of Wisconsin has ex-cited much discussion not only in that State but throughout the country. This law was enacted last year, going into effect April 18, 1889. The object of the law is to compel all the children between the ages of seven and fourteen years, to learn the English language. Every such child is compelled to attend school where the teaching is in English, "not less than twelve weeks in each year " under penalty of a fine of " not less than three dollars nor more than twenty dollars " for each offense; " and failure for each week or portion of a week on the part of any per-son to comply with the provisions of this act shall constitute a distinct offense." Section 5 reads as follows No school shall be regarded as a school under this act, unless there shall be taught therein, as part of the elementary education of children, reading, writing, arithmetic, and United States History, in the English language. , This law has incurred the open and de-termined opposition of the whole Lutheran body in the State, assisted by that portion of the Roman Catholics who' speak Ger-man or other foreign tongues. The Lu-therans seem to be the leaders in the con-test. Illinois has a similar law, only worse if anything, and the Bennett-law contest in Wisconsin has awakened a much more active opposition to the Illinois law. The cause is one in both States. In several papers that have discussed this matter we have noticed a singular misapprehension of the question at issue,  and a misstatement of the reasons of the opposition. 1. The opposition is not to the public school in any sense. The Lutherans main-tain the perfect right of the public school to exist; and willingly pay their propor-tion of the public-school taxes. 2. The opposition is not to the use, nor the teaching, of the English language in the public schools. The Lutherans cheer-fully admit the right of the public school to teach the English language. 3. The opposition is not to the English language itself, nor to its use. The op-ponents of the Bennett law do not prohibit their children from either learning or speaking the English language. They know full well that their children will learn English. They know that in the nature of things they cannot live very long in this country without learning it. They teach it in their schools, and speak it, and write it, upon occasion. BUT, While admitting all this, they deny that the public school may teach religion, much less the religion which they believe; and they maintain their own exclusive right to teach their own religion to their own children, in their own schools, at their own expense, in their own native language, if they choose. While maintaining the right of the public school to exist, they maintain like-wise the right of the parochial school to exist. While cheerfully paying their propor-tion of taxes in support of the public school, they maintain their right to .pay what they please for the support of their own private school. While they maintain the right of the State to use and to teach the English lan-guage in the State school, they maintain their own right to use and to teach the German, or any other language, in their own school. While they cheerfully admit the right of the public to establish and main-tain the public school, they deny the 