INSIDE WIND, $1.50 each. It has Patent American Lever Movement, Lantern Pinion, and Patent Escapement and Regulator, inside wind, for which no key is required; weighs four ounces, and is made in Nickel Plated Case, both plain and fancy, presenting a handsome appearance. With each Watch we give a sub stantial Chain and Charm. WeŁwill send a sample, post-paid, for $1.50; three for $4.00; twelve for $15.00; and if not satisfactory, return to us, and we will send back your money. Guaranteed by able, AMERICAN Watch on the mar-ketŠeach one tested, timed, and us for One Year. This Watch is our 1894 size, and has many improvements over that offered last year. It is smaller in size, and in every way better than pre- viously offered. This is the cheapest, reli- JUNE 14, 1894. 191 the religious basis of King's College is ex-cluded, is illiberal and oppressive." Lord Salisbury characterized the action as "spontaneous, gratuitous, and arbitrary persecution." King's College is now in exactly the same condition as the Catholic schools; and every statement made con-cerning it will apply equally to them. We do not by any means expect that as a general thing either Churchmen or Nonconformists will agree that the Cath-olics ought to be given a share of the public money, to be used in instructing their children in the Catholic religion. They thought only of themselves when contending for religious instruction to be supported with public money; but now they may see that they were all the time working for the Roman Catholics, who are determined to reap the full benefit. They cannot oppose the Catholic claim without giving up their own claim, and even if they.should do that it would riot deprive the Catholics of the advantage that they have gained. Thus Rome steadily moves ahead, as-sisted by professed Protestants. This is a case that is worth watching. It may be that it will result in bringing many pro-fessed Protestants to stand on real Prot-estant ground, namely, that the State and Christianity have no manner of connec-tion, and that the true Church asks for and accepts no aid from any power except God.ŠPresent Truth, London, STEM WIND, $2.00. THIS IS A GENUINE AMERICAN LEVER MOVEMEKT WATCH. Made of the finest ma-terial, and guaranteed to give satisfaction. The movement is American Lever; /I  plate; 18 size; Quick Train; Lantern Piton; Regular Stem Wind; Dust Cap over Movement in Nickel Plated CaseŠfancy or plain. We send each purchaser a substantial Chain and Charm, and -our Written Guarantee for One Year. We are making one Watch for every minute of the day---hence our low prices for these Timekeepers. For $2.00 we will send you one by mail postpaid; three for $5.00; six for $9.00; and if you are not satisfied, return to us, and we will refund money. GUARANTEED  AMERICAN  WATCHES. Address exactly as follows:Š R. H. INGERSOLL & BRO., R, 44-65 Cortlandt St., New York City. A Low Priced Stem Winder. THE watch shown in the cut in another column has been selected to illustrate the extremely low cost at which the modern American watch, with all the latest im-provements, may be produced. This watch is put on the market by Messrs. R. H. Ingersoll & Brother, of 65 Cortlandt Street, New York, at the extremely low price of $2. It is a stem winder, while the setting arrangement is in the center of the plate. The regulating device does not differ from that usually employed in high priced watches. The movement itself is a three-quarter plate, quick train, American lever movement. The short wind is one of the valuable features of the watch. The watch is extremely light, weighing only 31- ounces, will run thirty hours with one winding, and is incased in a gilt or nickel case, plain or chased. A well made chain accompanies each watch. A general idea of the appearance of the watch may be obtained from our engravings, which are three-fourths actual size. Over 1,400 watches are produced daily at this factory, or between two and three watches a minute, during working hours. It seems very extraordinary that a real watch can be produced, which is capable of regulation, so that it will keep excellent time, for such a small sum of money. The "Climax" watch is guaranteed to run satisfactorily to the purchaser for one year. It is a watch that ought to suit everybody.ŠScientific American. LET us all labor and add all needful guarantees for the more perfect security of free thought, free speech, and free press; pure morals, unfettered religious sentiments, and of equal rights and priv-ileges to all men, irrespective of nation-ality, color, or religion.Š U. S. Grant. A.. Pr lialFilELS OF THE CATHflp,CwARIpCH. History repeats itself, because human nature is the same in all ages of the world. Hence, he who would know HOW TO AVOID ERROR IN THE FUTURE must know how errors have developed in the past. The " Fathers of the Catholic Church " shows the condition of the heathen world at the time of Christ, briefly states the principles of ancient heathen philosophy, and shows how the adoption of these principles by prominent men in the Church, and the incautious lowering of the stand-ard of pure Christianity, developed the papacy, which was simply a new form of paganism. The chapter on SUN-WORSHIP AND SUNDAY is alone worth the price of the book. Fine English Cloth, Substantially Bound, CONTAINS ABOUT 400 PAGES, Will be Sent Post-paid for $1,00 Address this office. THE SIGNS OF THE TIMES, A SIXTEEN-PAGE Weekly Religious Journal. Doctrinal, Practical, Earnest, Protestant, Scriptural, Christian. This really two dollar paper will be furnished at the following PRICES OF SUBSCRIPTION: Single Copy, One Year, Post-paid, - - Single Copy, Six Months, Post-paid, - - In Clubs of Ten or More to One Address, Post-paid, To Foreign Countries in Postal Union, Post-paid, Address, Signs of the Times, 12TH AND CASTRO STREETS, OAKLAND, CAL., U. S. A. MAKE BREAD, GEMS AND CAKES EUREKA HEALTH FLOUR, A WHOLE WHEAT FLOUR Which competent authorities recommend as "THE BEST FLOUR MADE." It contains three to four times more of Bone, Brain, Nerve and Muscle building elements than ordinary white flour. Invaluable for dyspeptics, all invalids, and growing children. Everyone likes it. Used by the largest sanitariums. Special Offer.ŠHalf barrel, $3.25; one barrel. $0.00; freight paid. Usually retailed at $7.00 to $10.00 per barrel. If not perfectly satisfactory return at my expense and get your money. Agents wanted. Wholesale and retail dealers supplied. Circulars and recipes, for stamp. F. W. BARTLE, Sales Agent, Oxford, N. Y. STEPS TO CHRIST, By Mrs. E. G. White. We take pleasure in announcing an important and exceedingly helpful work, under the title of STEPS TO CHRIST. The rare ability of the author in the pre-sentation of Scripture truth has never been used to better advantage than in this little work. STEPS TO CHRIST is not alone suitable as a guide to the inquirer and young convert, but is rich in thought and sug-gestion for the most mature Christian. Some idea of its scope and practical character may be gathered from the following table of contents:Š THE SINNER'S NEED OF CHRIST. REPENTANCE. CONFESSION. CONSECRATION. FAITH AND ACCEPTANCE. THE TEST OF DISCIPLESHIP. GROWING UP INTO CHRIST. THE WORK AND THE LIFE. KNOWLEDGE OF GOD. THE PRIVILEGE OF PRAYER, WHAT TO DO WITH DOUBT. REJOICING IN THE LORD. The book is issued in a rich, neat cloth binding, em-bossed in silver, at 75 cents per copy; in white vellum cloth, silver edges, $1.00. Sent by mail, post-paid, on receipt of price. Address Pacific Press, 43 Bond Street, New York City. or Oakland, Cal. TEdited by one sending the Third Angel's Message to the perishing in prisons all over the land, Agents wanted, 50 per cent. commission. Trial year 20 cents. Terms and sample copy 2 cent stamp. Indorsed by the SENTINEL. PRISON LIGHT, 40 Green Street, Brattleboro, Vt. - $1,50 - .75 1,25 - ($2) 8s. 45 PRISON UGH 