"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT." Jesus Christ. VOLUME 15. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 15, 1900. NUMBER 7. Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional. lia'Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it .zaay know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay forit, (Entered at the New York Postoffice.) CHRISTIAN government is government by love; civil government is government by force; hence there can be no such thing as Christian civil government. .4 .0 GOVERNMENT by force represents justice, and is therefore not antichristian, for justice is not against Christianity. But government by force represents jus-tice alone, and justice alone is not Christianity. In Christianity justice is combined with mercy, and "mercy rejoiceth against judgment." Christianity shows pres-ent justice satisfied by the cross, of Christ, present mercy given the transgressor, and judgment delayed to a future time. To delay judgment in civil government would be to defeat civil government. Not to delay judgment for transgression in Christian government would defeat Christianity. Hence civil government can-not be Christian; neither, in its proper sphere, can it be antichristian. CIVIL government becomes antichristian when it tries to be Christian, or when it makes a profession of religion. WHAT is the difference, in prinbiple, between a civil observance of a religious day (the "civil Sabbath") and a religious observance of that day? The very fact that the day is a religious day makes the observance of it a religious observance. And Sunday is, beyond all ques-tion, a religious day. IF the Sunday institution had the support of the divine law, would there be any need of the frantic call for its support by human law? Would anything upheld by Omnipotence need to be supported by the arm of man? 01 .4 IF "the powers that be are ordained of God," they are certainly not ordained to go contrary to the will of God. And in obedience to the will of any power, under this ordinance, the will of God must stand first. THE whole principleunderlying religious persecution is contained in the plea that religious observances ought to be enforced by the civil power. IN the annual report of work of the New England Sabbath Protective League, we note the statement that "the League is formed for the purpose of defending the Sabbath against the persistent encroachments upon its sacredness by business and pleasure." The special object of this organization is to preserve the sacredness of. the Sabbath. The purpose of the League is therefore plainly a religious one. Yet the League depends almost entirely, in its work, upon arousing public sentiment in favor of the enact-ment and enforcement of Sunday laws. It is plain, therefore, that the New England Sabbath Protective League is an organization which demands the use of the civil power to serve a religious purpose; which, in principle, is all that was ever done or ever could be done under a union of church and state. Such a demand is both unamerican and unchristian. The League wants the civil power employed to pre-serve the (supposed) sacredness of Sunday. But how can the sacredness of anything be preserved by law? The inherent sacredness of the Sabbath was established 