426 AMERICAN SENTINEL. bear, do not move him. What does the Master teach? " My kingdom is not of this world;" "The kingdom of God is within you;" "Put up again thy sword into its place; for all they that take the sword shall perish by the sword,"Šand so on. So that we must abandon this particular inconsis-tency of trying to follow the Master, and, at the same time, trying to mix and intermingle religion with civil affairs, if we would be more, than professional Christians. Plainly he who will only be worshiped "in spirit and in truth," is not to be worshiped under the superintendence of a public purveyor of spectacles. Plainly the kingdom which is not of this world is not to be served in any man- Ł ner whatsoever by the machinery of kingdoms that are altogether of this world. What Confucius thought about such religion as he saw around him is nothing to us. That a later generation imported into Christianity the theories and practices of paganism is nothing to us. That neither Matthew Arnold nor Macaulay could so resist the glitter and grandeur and hoary antiquity of the "Estab-lished Church of England as to "think straight and see clear" in the premises, is nothing to us. We have His Word. IT is certainly and painfully true that many excellent persons, besides the great menŁmentioned above, are un_ willing to take Him at His word, and are strenuously striving, day and night, to establish for Him a kingdom which is somewhere else than " within " the heart and mind of the race. And it is also true that many such are quite sincerely oblivious of their own inconsistency thus manifested. I was talking a few days ago to one of these people. He dwelt at some length on the uselessness of laws to make people really good. He laid it down with dogmatic emphasis that this was the work of " the Spirit," and could be done by "the Spirit" alone. Then the conversation drifted to some other topic, and at last we got to talking about "Sunday laws." On this sub-ject, he waxed eloquent again. He declared, among other things, that in his belief, the whole morality (sic) of the nation was bound up with these enactments; that if they were swept away, the very basis of society would be shakenŠwith other propositions of like meaning and phraseology. I let him talk awhile, and then asked him how he reconciled the assertion that only "the Spirit" could make men moral, with his position that our national moralityŠconceding that there could be any such thing Šis dependent on Sunday legislation for its existence and maintenance. I have not yet received my answer. ONE would think that this great distinctive "trade-mark" of the Master's religionŠthis attribute so grand, so great, so absolutely and exclusively its own, would be the constant theme of sermons in Christian churches, and  of conversation wherever religion is spoken of among Christians. One would expect to see the force of this wonderful doctrine displaying itself in every manifesta-tion of Christian life, private and communal; that mis-sionaries would use it in their first attempts to open the way for the gospel in the savage soul. Alas ! The mis-sionary too often arrives as the accredited minister of a church which has already lived for centuries on the mam-mon of.unrighteousness. The savage too often sees in his visitors only rivals of his own priesthood, who would substitute themselves for the latter in the capacity of a State-supported hierarchy, with all that the words imply. THERE is always something unpleasant about the way in which nations of the higher or more civilized type deal with those lower in the scale of humanity. The cool robbery of our Indians by England, France and Spain, and the cruelties practiced by the conquerers of South and Central America, form discreditable chapters of his-tory. And fs o, in the taking possession of India, England committed many atrocious acts, and defied the principles of common justice over and over again. But England has a genius for governing as remarkable as her appetite for new colonies. And it forms a legitimate subject for congratulations to Her Majesty in connection with the the great Jubilee, that the vast Indian empire is one of the most peaceful and contented portions of her territory at the present time. The fact fairly entitles India to be spoken of as "one of the brightest jewels in England's crown." IN nothing have the English exhibited more tact than in their dealing with the religious sensibilities of that wonderful Indian population. No different sects of so-called Christians have ever hated each other with more bitterness than do the Mahommedans and Buddhists of Hindostan. To keep the peace between them, while ex-tending no undue favor to  either sect, is a task which has called forth the highest qualities of British statesmanship. Incidentally, it has broadened the English mind, and un-doubtedly done an immense deal of good by leading, at any rate, toward that much to be desired, but apparently unattainable goalŠthe absolute equality of all religions and of no religion before the law among English-speaking nations. IN India, for example, it is, as usually with us, a pro_ f anation of a Christian church for a man to enter and re-main in one with his hat on his head; and, accordingly, to do so is disorderly conduct. On the other hand, with that curious way the Orientals have of doing just the op-posite of what we do in many things, it is a profanation of a Buddhist temple for a man to enter it with his shoes on his feet. And that is likewise considered disorderly conduct by English law, as administered in Hindostan, 