330 THE A.MERICAN SENTINEL. solute separation of Church and State." But as we have seen, he sanctions this pertinacious action of the Sunday o4erv-ers, and then justifies the sanction in the following words :Š Civil or religious freedom may stop short of its logic in this matter of Sunday observance. . . . Government leaves the warring sects to observe as they will so they do not disturb each other: and as to the non-observer he cannot be allowed his fullest personal freedom in all respects. . . . There is scarcely any man who has not had to yield some-thing to this law of the majority, which is itself a universal law from which we cannot escape in the name of equal rights or civil liberty. It may be indeed that men have been and still are, required to yield something to this law of the majority in matters of religion. Yet it is certainly true that no such requirement ever has been, or ever can be, just. It is certainly true that neither civil nor religious freedom can ever stop short of its logic in any question of religious belief or religious observance. Religious belief is a matter which rests solely with the individual. Religion per-tains to man's relationship to God, and it is the man's personal relationship of faith and obedience, of belief and observance toward God. Every man has therefore the personal, individual, and inalienable right to believe for himself in religious things. And this carries with it the same personal, individual and inalienable right to dissent from any and every other phase of religious belief that is held by anybody on earth. This right is recognized and declared by Jesus Christ, not only in the words in which he has commanded every man to render to God that which is God's, while rendering to Caesar that which is Caesar's, but likewise in the following words : " If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not, for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world. He that rejecteth me and receiveth not my words, bath one that judgeth him. The word that I have spoken, the same shall judge him in the last day." The word which Christ spoke was the Word of God. The one who is to judge, therefore, is God; and in the last day he will judge every man for the way in which he has acted. To this judgment the Lord Jesus refers every man who refuses to be-lieve and rejects his words. If any man hears Christ's words, and believes not, but rejects him and his words, Christ con-demns him not, judges him not; but leaves him to the Judge of all, who will render to every man according to his deeds, in the last day. In this, therefore, the Author of Chris-tianity, the Saviour of the world, has clearly recognized and declared the right of every man to dissent from every re-ligion known to mankind; and even the religion of Christ itself, being responsible only to God for the exercise of that right. He wants every man to believe and *be saved; but he will compel 49419, Christ  leaves every man free to receive or reject, to assent or dissent, to believe or disbe- lieve, just as he chooses : his responsibility is to God alone, and it is the individual who must answer for himself in the last day. " So then every one of us shall give account of himself to God." Rom. 14 : 12. Whoever therefore presumes to exercise jurisdiction over the religious belief or observances of any man, or would compel any man to conform to the precepts of any religion, or to comply with the ceremonies of any religious body, or would condemn any man for not believing or complyingŠwhoever would presume to do any such thing, puts himself above Jesus Christ, and usurps the place and the prerogative of God, the Judge of all. Such is the doctrine of the free exercise of religion, as announced by Jesus Christ himself. And such is the doctrine upon this point that will ever be held by every-one who respects that glorious Being. Thus is declared and established by the Author of all true religion, the inalienable, the divine, right of dissent. And such is the divine right of the freedom of religious belief. Nor is this all in this connection. The makers of the Government of the United States recognized this divine right as such, and established the exercise of it as an in-alienable civil right, " by refusing to treat faith as a matter of government, or as having a headship in a monarch or a State ;" by excluding all religious tests; and by forbidding Congress ever to make "any law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." In short, by prohibiting the law-making power from making any law whatever upon the subject of religion. The people of Tennessee following this example of the makers of the national Government, established in that State this divine right, as also an inalienable civil right, by declaring that "no human power can in any case whatever control or inter-fere with the rights of conscience; and no preference shall ever be given by law to any religious establishment or mode of worship." And thus the people of the United States, in harmony with the people of the several States, followed the principle first divinely ordained of God in Judea. Therefore, it never can be true in the United States, that either civil or religious freedom may of right stop short of its logic in this matter of Sunday observance, nor in any other matter of religion or re- ligious observance. A. T. J. " SABBATH observance can and must be secured through education and persuasion only, and not by coercion. The gospel persuades men to reverence sacred things from motives of love, and not to compel them by force; therefore to do by law what ought to be dome by the gospel is 41Itiolui8tian."  Count Tolstoi on Church and State. RUSSIA is not left entirely without a witness for religious liberty. One of the greatest writers of Russia has just pub-lished a short disquisition on " The Rela-tions of Church and State," which shows that the connection of religion with the GovernmentŠthe so-called "Christian na-tion" ideaŠis not only opposed by Chris-tians in America, but by Christians in Rus-sia as well. It would be well for those who are clamoring for laws to show that this is a " Christian nation," to read and ponder what is said by one who knows what it is to have such laws put into practical opera-tion. His article appeared in the April number of the London Fortnightly Re-view, and after speaking of those who have themselves once been oppressed, he said :Š " Can anything be more incomprehensi-ble than the fact that the class thus pro-scribed and persecuted and hounded to death, should, as soon as an opportunity offers, go and do likewise, anathematiz-ing, torturing, slaying every refractory man and woman upon whom it can lay hands without reasonable fear of speedy reprisals, and that a third category of per-sons should imitate the second, a fourth should vie with the third, and soon with-out end? And all of them solemnly curse, cruelly maim and mutilate, ruthlessly slaughter each other in the name of the principle that all men should believe as they believe, and not otherwise. . . . " What motives, desires, necessity, can there be to impel me to insist that any per-son whatever should express his truth, his relations to the Deity, in precisely the same terms as I do? I cannot force him to change his belief by means of violence, cunning, or fraud (pseudo-miracles). If his faith be his very life, and the proposi-tion is one from which it is impossible to withhold our assent, how should I seri-ously think of depriving him of it, and proposing to give him another in its stead? As well might I take out his heart, and amicably offer to put another and a better one in its place. Action of that kind would be feasible if the man's faith and mine were mere words and not the solid basis of our lives, an excrescence on the body, and not the living, palpitating heart within. " But such interference is also impossi-ble for another reason: it is not feasible to deceive a man or compel him to believe in that in which he does not believe; be-cause he who believes (i. e., he who has already determined and regulated his re-lations to God, and consequently perceives that faith is the relation of each man to God) cannot wish to determine the rela-tions of another man to God by means of violence anti fraud. This, I maintain, is 