THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 61 As an outgrowth of these principles, we have in America " Liberty enlightening the world." But this liberty will exist only in name, if we enact and enforce laws that are contrary to our constitutional rights and unworthy a free and enlightened people. It is to set forth the true American ideaŠabsolute freedom of religion from the StateŠabsolute freedom for all in religious opinions and worshipŠthat these papers are collected and republished. But the Religious Liberty Society is not, by any means, the only instrumentality that is aiding in the dissemination of these views. The leading societies of the liter-ary and law departments give considerable attention to the discussion of the funda-mental principles of our Government; and the Blair bills, State rights, centrali-zation of power, individual rights, the Bennett law, and kindred topics, frequently receive attention by independent thinkers. The clergymen also are friendly to the well-established American idea of religious liberty, and as opportunities are presented, give expression to their views. With all these influences, together with the powerful lessons from history that are taught every day in the year, a liberal spirit is implanted here that will make its influence felt wherever students from the University of Michigan may go. W. A. BLAKELY. University of Michigan. National Reform Is Antichristian. I AM well aware that the title of this article expresses a thought already very familiar to the readers of THE SENTINEL. It seems to me, however, that in a larger sense than many realize, the whole scheme of religious legislation is antichri.stian. It is directly opposed to the principles and object of the whole plan of redemption, which centers in Christ. It is an open public profession of disbelief in the plan of redemption, and in God's power to carry out that plan, as he has begun it, to the grand consummation. It is an attempt of fallible man, to patch up what he regards as defective in the all-wise and eternal purpose of God. It is an utter failure to recognize the truth of that text which asserts that in moral and-  re-ligious matters, " Vengeance is mine I will repay, saith the Lord." Could anything be more blasphemously antichristian ? Did the National Reformers never ask themselves the question how it came about that in a universe ruled by a God who is infinitely good, and who infinitely hates evil, sin came to exist at all ? There is only one answer to this question that har-monizes with the idea of such a God, who is both omniscient and omnipotent. It is this. God made men free,Šfree to do evil, that they might be free to do good,Šcapable of hating, that they might be capable of, loving. Had he made them otherwise, they would have been machines, made to run a certain way, and do a cer-tain work,--machines, and not men. They might have been innocent, but they never  could have risen to the dignity of a right-eous or holy character. Innocence is the blank book, beautifully bound, it may be, but without a word or mark. The book assumes character day by day, as it is written in. God would have his world, his universe, peopled with intelligent be-ings, possessed of righteous characters. There is no conceivable way that this sublime result could be reached, but by making these beings free to choose, and capable of choosing. But to make men thus free is to run the risk of sin. And a God who infinitely hates sin made men thus free, and ran such risk, that the said sublime result mght be attained. That the angels who people Heaven, were made thus free we know, for we are informed that part of them sinned : and man was made free and he chose evil. When the iahabitants of this world sinned, it was God's purpose that they should be redeemed through Christ, and that this redemption should be a means of reveal-ing God's love, the terrible nature of sin, and the beauty of holiness, to all intelli-gent beings in God's universe. Paul says " this grace of God was given us in Christ before the world was." 2 Tim. 1 : 9, 10. " And that He bath chosen us in him (Christ) before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy and without blame before Him in love, to the praise and glory of His grace." Eph. 1 : 4-6. And in the third chapter of Ephesians, it is stated that it is by this sublime object lesson of sin and its attendant evil, and redemption with the revealed love and accompanying joy, held up before the universe, that the principalities and powers in the heavenly places (or better, the heavenly worlds), are to come to fully know the wisdom and love of God. Thus God is to arrive at the sublime result of a universe peopled with free intelligent beings, throughout the endless ages, doing right, and only right, while they still retain their freedom, be-cause they have freely come to know and love the right, and know and hate the wrong. All this is to be accomplished by mak-ing men free, and leaving them free, and it could be accomplished in no other way. Sin took away the freedom of the will, binding us with the chains of an evil he-redity, and an evil environment, so that we cannot do the things that we would. With Paul the world cries out, " To will is present with me, but how to perform that which is good 'I find not." " 0 wretched man that I am ! who shall de-liver me from the body of this death ? " Rom.7 :18, 24 : Christ answers, "The Lord hath anointed me . . . to proclaim liberty to the captives." Isa. 61 : 1. " And I, if I be lifted up from the earth will draw all men unto me." John 12 : 32. The Spirit of God, through Christ, draws all men, implanting high and holy ambitions and desires that can be realized only through him. Thus he draws them till their freedom is restored,  but not till it is taken away on the other side,ŠGod compels no man to do right. " The law of the spirit of life in Christ Jesus hath made me free from the law of sin and death." The philosophy of the whole plan of redemption rests on the freedom of the will. It involves the fight-ing out on a fair field and under the eyes of the universe, the great conflict between the opposing forces of right and wrong, good and evil, truth and error; and God has given us the pledge that though it may seem to us that the prince of false-hood and darkness bruises the heel of Christ and hinders his work for a time, yet the Prince of Peace and truth shall finally, grandly, eternally prevail. Gen. 3 : 15. As a further pledge, we have the expe-rience of history, which shows that when-ever and wherever truth and error have met on a fair field, truth has always con-quered. Now every religious law ever passed by man from the days of Adam, down, is a denial of this power of truth to conquer, and a refusal to trust it on a fair field with error. Religious legislation, compulsory relig-ious observance, is therefore a public offi-cial declaration that in the estimation of the law-making authority, God is mistaken, and the Łwhole scheme of redemption in Christ a failure. I repeat, could any-thing be more antichristian ? Now the National Reformers confidently assert that they can improve on the whole plan of redemption in Christ, by taking away the freedom of the will which God gave in the beginning, and which Christ came to restore, and compelling men by law to do right. God made men free; they would take away that freedom. God sets before man good and evil, they would forcibly suppress the evil that there may be no temptation, and so leave only the good. God says, " Vengeance is mine, I will repay," they purpose to judge sin in the courts and punish it by the law of the land. What is this but setting up their judgment above God's, and exalting their little scheme above his "eternal purpose," and so trying to take the government out of his hands and administer it themselves? This is the Papacy over again, the mys-tery of iniquity, who opposeth and exalt-eth himself above all that is called God, or that is worshiped. It is what the devil tried to do at the first, and has been trying ever since. Thus is revealed the nature of the work of the National Reform Asso-ciation, and the banner under which they are fighting. If the only way an omnip-otent God could bring his creatures to the realm of righteous character, was by making them free, and setting before them good and evil, how much more than om-nipotent do the National Reformers think themselves, when they claim to be able to reach the same end by a shorter and safer cut ? Even supposing their proposed laws em- 