682 AMERICAN SENTINEL. of his baptism and defying the laws of the holy church and giving public scandal before society. We further-more reserve to ourself alone the power to absolve from this heinous sin." Ł .1 Ł BEFORE this paper reaches our readers one of the most exciting political contests in the history of the country will have been settledŠthe election of mayor of Greater New YorkŠwith the details of which all who read the newspapers are more or less familiar. We have no disposition to enter into the merits of the political situa-tion. The SENTINEL does not deal with the questions it discusses from that standpoint, but as a matter of fact, we may say that no one who is not on the ground and actually sees for himself can appreciate the situation. No stone is left unturned to accomplish what is desired. Pour candidates are in the fieldŠtwo Republican and two DemocraticŠtwo for what is called "Boss Rule," and two who pose as the champions of the rights of the people. The two latter candidates are Hon. Seth Low, President of Columbian College, and Hon. Henry George, so well known throughout the country. Right in the very heat of the controversy Mr. George was stricken with apoplexy, and died. Whatever may be said of Mr. George's politi-cal opinions, all unite in attributing to him sincerity of motive and .a genuine friendship for the people. The demonstration at his funeral on Sunday last was one of the largest ever known in the city. The following he had among the laboring classes seemed wonderful, and spoke in tones louder than any words the deep-seated feeling of unrest and dissatisfaction that is felt over the unequal distribution of wealth. They looked to Mr. George as a leader to right many of the wrongs that exist. In a speech just before he died, he said, "If I am elected mayor of Greater New York, I will endeavor to the very best of my ability to give to every man his rightŠwhether he be a hod carrier or a millionaire." This is the true prin-ciple on which government should be conductedŠequal rights to all and privileges to none. We are far from that now. " Religious " Legislation. Nom long since, an advocate of Sunday laws said:Š "The seventh-day people have much to say about Sunday-enforcement laws infringing on personal rights. They are wrong, for such laws do not require that Sun-day shall be kept religiously." When the advocates of these laws first began to agi-tate for the enactment and enforcement of them, it was because "the day is not religiously kept." As soon as this sophistical bubble was punctured, they fell back and said that the law does "not require that Sunday shall be kept religiously." But what is the "religious" observance of a day? A weekly rest-day is purely a religious institutionŠinsti-tuted by the Creator, and rest from labor is an essential  part of its observance. In this act, an individual cer-tainly appears to the world to be religious, and to com-ply with the requirements of the law from religious con-victions. So it is seen that any law requiring the cessation of labor on a day observed as the Sabbath, on the face of it, compels an outward recognition of what constitutes at least an essential part of its religious observance. But Sabbath-keeping is purely a duty to God, and to be acceptable must come from the heart. Any unwilling, outward regard for it, in compliance with statutory de-mands, makes the individual who does so a hypocrite. Religious laws are always enacted in behalf of some religion, to secure an unwilling recognition of it, else they never would be enacted. That is not the province of civil law; for a man with no religious convictions may be just as good a citizen as the most devout church member. Civil law recognizes only incivilities. It is not incivil to fail to observe any religious custom, so long as in this failure the right to observe it unmolested is granted to others. W. E. C. The Catholic Position on the School Question. "Bible Echo," Melbourne, Aus. ARCHBISHOP CARR and the bishops of the Roman Cath-olic Province of Melbourne, including Bendigo, Ballarat, and Sale, in a meeting held September 3, set forth the Catholic position on the school question. They say that although the present Education Act of Victoria was passed to give "free, secular, and compulsory education to the children of the colony,"Š "Catholics protested from the beginning against the principle of divorcing religious from secular instruction in the schools." But of the National Scripture Education League's proposition to introduce religious instruction in the state schools, these bishops further say:Š "Such unauthorized doctrinal teaching is radically opposed to the fundamental principle of authority on which Catholic faith is based," and that "the only safe-guard for Catholic children under such circumstances would be a conscience clause totally forbidding their presence while such doctrinal instruction was being given." ŠMelbourne Age, Sept. 4, 1897. Putting these two statements together, we have this plainly deducible conclusion : The prelates of the Roman Catholic Church are not, on principle, opposed to the union of religion and the state; on the contrary, they are in favor of such union, provided the religion thus united to, and enforced by, the state is that which is "authorized" by the Roman Catholic Church. And such,  in truth, is the fact. " A PRINCIPLE which commands our reason is no less sacred and imperative than a statute." 