grolpo. 4111A IOW 555 224 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. vol.. 6, No. 28. NEW YORK, JULY 16, 1891. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving the AINIERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE Pueblo, Colorado, Opinion says that " there is not a newspaper man in the country who issues a Sunday news-paper from choice. The people demand it." The moral is not far to seek : educate this demand out of the minds of the peo-ple and the Sunday paper will die for want of readers. Our Little Friend comes to us from Oakland, California, much improved in every respect. It has more and better matter than formerly, and has eight pages instead of four. The pages are of course not so large as before, but they are much more convenient. The little folks will certainly be pleased with the change. Ł Ł Ł  POLICEMAN SIMMERMEYER arrested Saul Miller, a storekeeper of East Broadway, for selling him a glass of milk on Sunday, June 27. Mr. Miller was locked up in the police station several hours before he could obtain bail; when the case came to trial before Justice Ryan he was discharged. What can be said of laws which are a sufficient excuse for so frivolous an arrest ? THE Colorado Graphic is endeavoring to set its neighbors right upon the mat-ter of Sunday laws. Of one of them it says :Š If the Pueblo Chieftan is sincere in its denuncia-tion of " this tireless crusade against Sunday news-papers," it must take the Graphic's broad platform and object to all Sunday legislation as religious in character, and consequently contrary to the funda-mental principles of the Constitution of the United States and the Declaration of Independence. In this the Graphic is quite right. Sun- day legislation is utterly opposed to that religious liberty guaranteed by the Na- tional Constitution and ought to be op- posed by every friend of that matchless instrument as it is in this regard. But our contemporary falls into an error in proposing a possible remedy for the evils of such laws. It says :Š The Graphic is opposed to revolutions, believing that in America equal justice is guaranteed all citizens in religion, in law, in business, in labor, etc., and that in time the scales will be readjusted; but the mechanic finds it necessary now and then to strike a sharp blow even at the risk of breaking the faulty article in his vice, and so it may be necessary now to teach the weak a lesson by the passage of an old fashioned John Knox law, corn- palling all classes of citizens to shut up shop on Sun-day and go to a John Knox church to worship. This would be mild revolution, and the harm done could easily be repaired without loss of limb or life. Heroic treatment of the Sabbath delusion is demanded to-day. Give a fool a big dose of his own medicine if you wish to protect yourself from his reform notions. This would be an exceedingly dan-gerous experiment. It is sometimes a very difficult matter to secure the re-peal of even a bad law, as has been demon-strated in Pennsylvania and Tennessee. Both of these States have Sunday laws of the worst description, and in both States there have been cases of genuine persecu-tion for conscience' sake, yet such is the strength of religious bigotry and intoler-ance that all efforts to secure a repeal of the iniquitous laws have failed. There is danger in the plan proposed by the Graphic. Ł 0 .  MANY years ago the English clericals, to enforce a nonsensical interpretation of Lev. 18: 18, secured the enactment of a law forbidding a man to marry the sister of his deceased wife. Notwithstanding repeated efforts to secure the repeal of the law which ought not to have been enacted in the first place, it is still upon the stat-ute books of England, a living witness to the folly of all religious legislation. -4- Ł THE editor of the Whitesboro News, Whitesboro, Texas, is evidently an apt student of W. F. Crafts as shown by this warning which he gives the children of Whitesboro :Š Boys, it is a violation of law to play ball and marbles on Sunday, and we would whisper a little friendly warning into your ear, that if you indulge in this sport any more on the Sabbath day you'll be pulled and fined. Now, don't you do it. These boys must belong to the same family as Mr. Crafts's "little embezzlers," and they are all to be connected by the Sunday school injunction, "Children, don't do it, you'll be pulled and fined." THE readers of THE SENTINEL will be interested in the following extract from the record of the proceedings of the City Council of Bradford, Pennsylvania, as published in the Bradford Era, of the 7th inst.:Š The Ordinance Committee submitted the follow-ing report on the Sunday observance ordinanceŁŠ " Your committee to whom the within ordinance and petition was referred report adversely for the following reasons: " The ordinance is framed in accordance with the act of 1794, and we believe that such a law be-longs to the Dark Ages, and never should have been enacted by this great Commonwealth, settled by William Penn and his Quaker friends. " We believe such a law is antagonistic to the principles of this Republic, knowing that it would, if enforced, deprive all laboring people of recrea-tion; and, furthermore, that it is an infringement on the liberty of men, women and children. " We believe' the majority of those who signed this petition did so in ignorance of the fact that the act of 1794, which is a dead letter on the statute  books, gives them the same powers this ordinance calls for. The only effect city legislation can have is to transfer the burden of enforcing this statute from the petitioners to the city, thereby relieving themselves of the responsibility and odium of prose-cuting the offenders against this law. Your com-mittee deem it unwise to place such responsibility and expense upon the city. " We recommend to the good people of Bradford that they can best secure the closing of all business places on Sunday by declining to purchase any-thing on that day. No buyers, no sellers." Mr. Howe, a member of the Council, moved to amend ley striking out the word " adversely " and all that comes after it, and substituting " favorably." There was no second to this, and the report was adopted as read. IN the New York World, of June 14, the editor dwells at some length on the subject of "Sunday Outings." After men-tioning some of the parks as fine places to enjoy a Sunday in recreation, he says:Š These are the places for your Sunday outings. Take your own sandwiches, wear flannels and straw hats, walk till you are tired, rest in the ample shade of old trees and be happy. But the Sunday-law advocates tell us that no amusement is in harmony with the spirit of that day. If their measures should carry, it might be possible that even the parks would be closed on Sunday, especially as the city papers have reported one of the commissioners as saying that if he had his way everything would be closed. A Note of Explanation. To THE EDITOR OF THE AMERICAN SEN-TINELŠMy dear sir: I wrote the article in the Sabbath Recorder about the duty of Seventh-day Baptists in reference to the question of opening the Columbian Exposition on Sunday. As this article has been copied in your columns and com-mented upon there as if it might fairly represent the editor of the Recorder and the Seventh-day Baptists, will you kindly allow me to assume the responsibility which belongs to the writer of the article and say that it does not represent the edi-tor, Dr. Platts, and probably does not represent many Seventh-day Baptists cor-rectly. In fact the Recorder has pub-lished a criticism which may stand as the view of the majority of my people. So please cudgel me and not the Recorder for which I am simply an editorial writer. Yours, W. C. TITSWORTH. Dunellen, N. J. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. IT Will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1.00 In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York, 