42 THE AMERICAN NTINET.,. days of Christianity, the Roman State 'considered its existence to be in danger. It decided that as the State had the right to eilst,,it had 'the right likewise to de whatever was neceesary to perpetuate that existence, and that it was, therefore, neces-sary to put a stop to Christianity. It therefore punished with many untold tor- ments, even unto death, the profession of Christianity. Without entering upon the question as to whether the existence of the Roman State was perpetuated or not by such proceedings, it is certain that the Roman State had no shadow of right to 'do to Christianity what it did. This, we are persuaded Dr Strong himself will con-cede because, assuredly he cannot justify it without condemning Christianity; but in conceding this, his whole argument is gone. The truth and the sum of . the whole matter is, that with religion the State can have nothing to do whether pro-fessedly to perpetuate its existence or not. The speaker further argued that " the State must teach fundamental religious truths because it is good for the State. The State cares nothing about another life." But the State cannot teach religious truth, fundamental or otherwiSe, without having to do with another life. Religion relates primarily to the recognition of God and another life. Next he argued that it is not so much preceptive instruction that is required as it is practical. He said, "The lying of children in this country is not because of a lack of knowledge of how to tell the truth but because of a lack of will." But he did not attempt to tell how the State is to create in the mind of a child the will to tell the truth when the disposition is there to tell a lie instead. In answer to the suggestion that the --)hildren be taught religion in the home rind the Sunday-school, he inquired, "How are all, those children to be got into the Sunday-school ? And, as they cannot read-ily be got into the Sunday-school, how are these children to be taught reverence for God, for man, for woman, and for law" There is little reverence and therefore little authority in the American homeŠexcept that of children over the parents. In the school is where the State can touch child-ren with a moulding hand, and if rever-ence is to be taught who shall do it if not the State ?" Throughout his speech, the Doctor seemed to have forgotten entirely that there is such a thing in the world as the Church. Certainly these defects exist which he has named. There is sore need that religion and reverence and authority all should be taught. But so far as, his speech went he could discover none but the State to teach these things. But it is impossible for the State to teach them; and the task of teaching these things was never committed to the State by the Source of all authority, religion, and reverence. Is it true that the Church has so fallen  from its place and so far loSt'-;,,the true idea of ,herinission as not to be -worthy of Consideration in such a, question as this so that the only alternatiVeiS tohave the.  State to do it ? He argued-  that the question:aste what,. and how much religion,should be' taught, "should be settled by alocal authority;"' and "especially in the cities great care must be exercised and a middle 'course pursned, between secularizing and, Prot-estantizing the schools." Dr. Strong was followed ,by Dr, Greer, Episcopalian, rector of St. Bartholomew's Church, New York City. No synopsis can do- any manner of justice to 'Dr. Greer's speech, and it was impossible for us to ob-tain a verbatim report. It' was an over whelming rejoinder to Dr. Strong, and at the same time a masterly assertion of hn-mutible principles both Christian and American. In answer to Dr. Strong's attempted distinction between the. Church and religion, he said: "Stich a distinc-tion is impossible. The introduction of religion into the public schools is the in-troduction of the Church into the public schools, and is, therefore, a union of Church and State. The distinction is further attempted upon the question of religion, that it is not dogmas of faith, but fundamental truths of religion, that is to be taught. But how shall religion be taught without dogmas? It may-be taught without some dogma in which you do not believe ; but it cannot be taught without some dogma in which you do believe. We cannot conceive of a church without doc-trine. And religion cannot be introduced into the public schools unless it is doctrinal in the sense of being definite, positive, and Precise. To speak of the Church without doctrine is to talk of daylight without the sun, of an effect without a cause. "But it is said that nothing denomina-tional shall be taught, but only those points in which all Christians are-agreed. Who will tell us.  what these, points arc- in which all Christians are agreed? Is it the infallibility of -the Pope ? Is it the divinity of our blessed Lord? 'The doctrine of God,' you say. What God? And what kind of a God is it in which all "Christians are agreed ? Is it a God who Proposes to save men through the purifying processes of pergatorial-  fire,.  or is it a God that proposes to save all men without any fire at all ? Is it the God in which the Unita-rian believes; or is it the God in which the Trinitarian believes ? "But it is asked, `Should not the Bible be read ?' The mere reading of a few words from the Bible from day to day is not of such a positive sort of religious instruction as yet to have excited any: special conflict. In' the event of a conflict, which is easily possible, the State to be consistent would have to prohibit even the reading of the Bible in the public schools. Here also the question arises, What Bible? Is it the Bible that says `repent,' or is it the. Bible that says 'do penance?' Is it the Bible that says `immerse' or is it the Bible that says `baptize?' Is it the Bible ,that contains the Apocraphy, or is it King James' version ?" ".The question of the, reading of the Bible in the, schools might become a burn-ing question, and the State 'would then have to decide what Bible should be read. And as soon as the State does that, then some denomination will secure political control in its own interests, as is the case with Mormonism in Utah to-day. But it is said that this makes the schools ' god-less.' This cry is more: rhetorical than true, and, to many, sounds worse than it is. It might be brought with equal pro- priety against those schOols which teach only business-and penmanship, and schools of mechanics, and of arts. These-  are in the same sense godless. But they Are not ungodly. -They are godless because they are schools with a definite purpose in view, which purpose is not the teaching of re-ligion. That purpose is followed without reference to religion. Not that those who give instruction there are atheistic or irre-ligious men, but because those schools do not exist for the purpose of giving instruc-tion about God or about religion. "The Church can best do its work when it does it without any connection with the State. The State can beSt do its' work without any connection with the Church. This is the theory to which we are.-"com-mitted by the Constitution. Let the Church arise to an apostolic faith; let her be inspired by an apostolic spirit; let her be fired with an apostolic zeal; let her be clothed with apost6lic power; then she can face the world as the apostolgic church d41, and by force of character can influence :the State and the school vastly more than it would be possible to do with all the power and machinery in the State at her command. : By this means it is possible for Christians to make Christian-ity so dominant that nothing but Chris-tian personality will influence the public schools. It is not the reading nor the reciting of a set form of words that makes truth effective; it is the character, the living personality that is behind the words. The schools are here for every-body and for every class. The schools must be kept broad and comprehensive, and must not be encroached upon by any re-ligious body upon any pretext whatever." Dr. Wylie was the next speaker. He is a thorough-going national reformer. After speaking in opposition to the Roman Cath-olic theory, he denounced the secular the-ory as' "atheistic," and then' argued for a religious State at once. A goodly portion of his  argument was also an appeal to sentiment' and was simply a begging of the question. Dr. Crosby's speech was rather a sum-ming up than a decided argument and was quite brief. Of this speech we were able to obtain quite a full report. He said: 