_ ,11161111i10111604, J~Illfll 'i` 11Ł1111 Ł Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas feferson. VOLUME 6. NEW YORK, DECEMBER 3, 1891. NUMBER 47. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES, ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. IVIcKEE. RELIGION needs no support from the State. It is stronger and much purer without it. . . . The connection of Church and State corrupts religion and makes the State despotic.ŠJustice Orton. EACH man must accept or reject the Bible for himself, and the consequences of his decision he must abide. It is a matter between his own soul and his God, and the State has no right to exert its influence to turn him either this way or that. Ł -4.- THERE is no part of the law of God which can be enforced as such, by civil government. For instance, it is within the physical power, though not within the proper sphere of government, to com-pel its citizens to refrain from ordinary labor on Sunday, or on any other day of the week that it may see fit, but it is not within the power of any government to compel its citizens to obey the fourth commandment. That commandment says, " Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy ; " and simply resting from labor is by no means all that is required in that commandment. According to Isa. 58: 13, true Sabbath keeping is not only to re-frain from labor on the Sabbath, but to " call the Sabbath a delight, the holy of the Lord, honorable." And this, civil government can not compel; therefore, it is impossible for civil government to enforce the fourth commandment; neither can civil government enforce any other commandment as the law of God. Take, for example, the sixth. The Saviour said that he that hateth his brother is a mur- derer. A man may manifest all the ha-tred of which he is capable, and may even express that hatred, and yet the civil law cannot lay hold on him as a murderer. True, if he makes threats, that is, if he declares his intentions to use violence, the law can place him under bonds to keep the peace. It may be demonstrated as fully as human testimony can demonstrate anything, that his heart is full of hatred, and yet no one would say that the civil law ought to touch him. Still, in the sight of God the man is a murderer. The seventh commandment furnishes another illustration, which need not be dwelt upon, as all are familiar with the teach-ings of the Saviour on that point. And this is sufficient to show that civil govern-ment cannot enforce the law of God. What Has God Enjoined? LAST week we showed how a court of the United States, as represented in the dictum of Judge E. S. Hammond, has presumed to assert jurisdiction over the religious feelings, and the beliefs and wishes of citizens of the United States; and exercised the prerogative of deciding for them what they really believe and wish, and of condemning them accordingly. Nor is the instance there cited the only one in the now famous dictum. At an-other place he touches the same point in the following words :Š It is not necessary to maintain that to violate the Sunday observance customs [the act] shall be of itself immoral, to make it criminal in the eyes of the law. It may be harmless in itself, because, as petitioner believes, God has not set apart that day for rest and holiness, to work on Sunday; and yet if man has set it apart in due form, by his law, for rest, it must be obeyed as man's law if not as God's law. And it is just as evil to violate such a law, in the eyes of the world, as one sanctioned by GodŠI mean just as criminal in law. Ł . . Or to express it otherwise, there is in one sense a cer-tain immorality in refusing obedience to the laws of one's country, subjection to which God himself has enjoined upon us. As we are not yet convinced that the Judge has rightfully assumed the prerog-ative of officially declaring what the will  of God is, we desire to know how he knows that God has enjoined subjection to the laws of one's country, in the sense conveyed in this statement and in this dictum throughout?--that is that we must be in unqualified subjection to whatever laws men may at any time and in any wise enact, even though they be such laws as may be demanded by " a sort of factitious advantage" of a set of religionists who insist upon it "in spite of the clamor for religious freedom, and the progress that has been made in the absolute separation of Church and State." Everybody who has ever read the Bible knows that God has never enjoined sub-jection to the laws or governments of men in any such sense as that. It is true that the powers which be are ordained of God ; but it is also true that these powers are not ordained to act in the place of God. He who has ordained these powers, and set over them the basest of men (Dan. 4 :17.) has also set a limit to their jurisdic-tion. Only the things that are Cwsar's are to be rendered to Caesar. With anything that pertains to God, government can never have anything to do. The limit of governmental jurisdiction is the citi-zen's relation to his fellow-citizens, or to the State. This jurisdiction is tO be exercised in maintaining " civil order and peace." So long as a man conducts him-self peaceably and pays his taxes, with him the State can have nothing to do No State therefore can ever of right prohibit anything which is harmless in itself. To attempt to do so, is the first step toward a despotism. The principles of the limits of State jurisdiction as regards religion, however, have been so fully discussed in THE SEN-TINEL, that it is not necessary to do so again in this connection. God has given practical examples, which so flatly and positively contradict the theory pro-pounded by Judge Hammond, that it will be in order to note some of them in this connection. Besides as the Judge has taken upon him to declare for oitizenb of 