140 T14E AM 2ICAN snNTINEL. deserves but brief notice. The whole body of believers, he says, may properly be called the Church. But he assumes that they recognize no central authority. This is, however, a mistake as he himself shows later on in his own article. The Church, in this broad sense, does recognize a common authority. All denominations more or less fully recognize God as the great moral Governor and his law as that by which all men will be judged; in short the revealed will of God is the authority recognized by the Church in its broadest sense, and it is this same authority that the National Reformers demand shall be recognized as the supreme law of the United States, thus making the law of the Church and the law of the land one and the same. If this would not be a union of Church and State in all essential par-ticulars it would be hard to say what would constitute such a union. Mr. Coleman's second argument deserves more attention for while it is no stronger it is more likely to deceive the unwary. He says :Š The American objection to a union of Church and State is founded on the evils which such a union has produced in the nations of the old world. The phrase, therefore, has an historical sense, and to take it from that sense is to give it a new meaning with which to deceive people who suppose that we are talking of the same kind of a union of Church and State that produced the evil results. The union of Church and State found in history has always been the union of an. organized State with an organized Church. In England the State is united with the Episcopal Church, in Scotland with the Presbyte-rian Church, in Prussia with the Lutheran Church, in Spain with the Roman Catholic Church. . . . This is the kind of union of Church and State that the American people are opposed to. It is noticeable that Mr. Coleman goes back only a few hundred years for all his examples of a union of Church and State. Why does he not go at once to the fount-ain head of all corrupt church establish-ments, namely,. Rome in the fourth cent-ury ?ŠSimply because he could not do so without destroying his own argument. Every one who is familiar with the his-tory of the first four centuries of the Christian era knows that the first union of Church and State was nothing more and. nothing less than that which Mr. Coleman insists would not now constitute such a union. Constantine did only that which the National Reformers demand that this Nation shall do, namely, he made the Nation Christian by adopting the Chris-tian religion as the national religion. Then the bishops .of the Christian Church, that is of the whole body of believers, came to-gether and decided what was the Chris-tian religion, and thus was formed the nucleus of what has for centuries been known as the Roman Catholic Church. To say that only a union of religion and the State is desired and not a union of Church and State, is to say that the Church and religion can be separated. But this is impossible. Constantine only adopted the Christian religion; he did  not make any denomination the State Church. He had no thought of such a thing. Neander testifies that it had be-come Constantine's " favorite plan to unite together all his subjects in the worship of one God." That is he wished all to become Christians; not necessarily to come together in one organic union but in one faith so broad that all could assent to it. The emperor " represented the questions in dispute as being nothing but rash, speculative questions, standing in no connection whatever with the essence of Christianity." He reasoned no doubt as men do to-day, that even if all could not see alike on all points they ought to, upon essential doctrines, and therefore he wanted some authority to decide what Were the essentials. And that is just what is said now about the differences which separate the various denominations. These we are told are minor differences; and that which they demand that the Government shall recognize, is what they term the fundamental, non-sectarian prin-. ciples of Christianity, those things upon which all can unite, not in the sense of forming one organic whole, a single de-nomination, but in the sense of giving united moral support to those principles. And this is just what they did in the time of Constantine; they simply agreed that Christianity, in the abstract, should be the recognized religion. But as soon as the bishops had decided what was Chris-tianity, a church began to crystallize around the creed which contained their definition of Christianity. And it was inevitable that it should be so. It could not have been otherwise. And it would be the same now. Before Christianity can have practically, as the National Re-formers demand that it shall have, " an undeniable legal basis " in this country, it must be defined, that is it must be de-cided what constitutes Christianity, and that definition will be the national creed just as the Nicene creed was the creed of Rome. Of course nobody intends that this shall result as it did in Rome. Nobody wants to make any denomination the State Church, but it is none the less the truth that the adoption of "national Christian-ity " which the Declaration of Principles of the recent National Reform Convention at Washington demands, would constitute a union of Church and State just as truly as such a union was formed in the time of Constantine the Great. It is true as Mr. Coleman says, that " the phrase union of Church and State has an historical sense," but it is also true that that historical sense is just as inseparably connected with the history of the Church in the fourth century as in the fifteenth or at any other time. Of the relation of the Church to the State during the' early part of the fourth century Neander says :Š With the commencement of this period the Church entered into an entirely different relation to the  State. It did not merely become a whole, recog-nized as legal, and tolerated by the State,Šwhich it had been already from the reign of Gallien down to the Diocletian persecution,Šbut the State itself declared its principles to be those to which every-thing must be subordinated. Christianity bectame, by degrees, the dominant State religion, though not entirely in the same sense as paganism had been be-fore. Church and State constituted, henceforth, two wholes, one interpenetrating the other, and standing in a relation of mutual action and reaction. The advantageous influence of this was, that the Church could now exert its transforming power also on the relations of the State; but the measure and the character of this power depended on the state of the inner life in the Church itself. The healthful influence of the Church is indeed to be perceived in many particular cases; though it was very far from being so mighty as it must have been, had everything proceeded from the spirit of genuine Christianity, and had the State actually subordi-nated itself to this spirit. But, on the other hand, the Church had now to struggle under a great dis-advantage; for instead of being left free, as it was before, to pursue its own course of development, it was subjected to the influence of a foreign, secular power, which in various ways, would operate to check and disturb it; and the danger, in this case, increased in the same proportion as the political life with which the Church came in contact was corrupt. And this is exactly the relation which National Reformers insist shall exist be-tween the State and the Church in this country; and this is the nature of the temptation to which they would expose the Church. They demand that the Christian principles, the principles of the Church, shall be those to which: every-thing shall be subordinated; and that the Church, as such, shall participate in po-litical matters, but that for their mutual good the Church and the State shall be separate. But being under one law, governed by one principle, what was the result an-ciently ? Let Neander answer : " The su-preme magistrates now considered them-selves as members of the Church, and took a personal share in its concerns; but it was no easy matter for them to fix the proper limits to this participation." And who can doubt that it would be the same again ? Once let the civil authorities be called upon to decide church questions, or to pass upon the meaning and scope of the moral law, the law which governs the Church, even though it be called civil law, and they can nevermore be separated from the administration of that law. " Whatever domain Government invades it dominates. The jurisdiction which it takes it keeps." The National Reform movement of the nineteenth century is the National Reform movement of the fourth century over again. Then under stress of so-called Christian influence the State declared the principles of the Church to be those to which everything must be subordinated, and the demand is made now that the State shall do the same thing. Can we hope that the result would be different ? The demand as now formulated is that "Christian morality shall be taken as the ultimate standard of right- and that all 