64 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. V01. 4, No. 8. ArRePicaR geOh2el. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, MARCH 13, 1889. NOTE.ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. THE Censor, a professedly Prohibition journal, published in Los Angeles, Cal., thus shows itself to be a strictly National Reform organ:Š "The ten commandments are the basis of a per-fect National Constitution, and the sermon on the mount and the Lord's prayer the model of a perfect city charter." We have no fault to find witlVhe ten com-mandments, the sermon on the mount, or the Lord's prayer; they are perfect; but we should hate to live in a city governed by mortals, in which the sermon on the mount was taken as the charter. We should say, with King David: "Let me fall now into the hands of the Lord; for very great are his mercies; but let me not fall into the hands of man." THE Advance of February 21 thinks that "there is promise of good things in the announce-ment that John Wanamaker is to be Postmaster-General." It thinks that, as an active Sunday-school worker, lie will use his influence to stop Sunday work in the Post-office Department of the Government, and says: "There is so much room , for improvement of this kind in the department that Mr. Wanamaker may look upon it as a wide field of religious usefulness." That caps the climax of cabinet speculations. If the ideas of some people could be carried out, the en-tire Government would be simply a religious machine. The reader should not fail to note these unpremeditated admissions that legislation to stop the mails on Sunday is religious legislation. AT the Sunday mass-meeting in Denver, the Rev. Father Carr said :Š " We know that there is less crime, lawlessness, and drunkenness in Denver than in any other city of its size in the Union. We know it, but how can we explain it to out Eastern friends, with the con-dition of affairs as they now exist? Let me tell an Eastern friend that our saloons and gambling-places are open on Sunday, and he cannot understand how it is that the good order which I may at the same time claim, prevails." That is the latest excuse yet devised for a Sun-day law, and it is about the thinnest. They have the best of order in Denver, with practically no Sunday law, but they want the Sunday law so that they can attribute the good order to it. The great plea for a Sunday law is on the ground that it will tend to peace and prosperity; but unfortunately for the argument, they have that condition of things already, and they are anxious to hurry up the Sunday law, or the enforcement of what they have, so that they can point to the good order that already exists, and say, "See the result of strict Sunday laws." This is sufficient to show that it is not in the interest of temperance that they are working, but it is just as certain that they are not working in the interest of religion, that is, if telling the truth is a part of religion. It is in-deed a form of religion that they are working for, but a form of religion that has no connection with Christianity. THE New York preachers' meeting of the Methodist Episcopal Church, embracing ministers in that denomination in New York and adjacent cities, at a recent session heartily indorsed the principles of the American Sunday Union, de-claring that "its methods and plans, so far as they have been developed, are singularly wise and effi-cient." No one can question but that its methods are "efficient," and they no doubt exhibit the wisdom of the serpent, in that they are crafty; but we are sure that a method by which one name is multiplied by 7,200,000, and a single church or other organization is represented three or four times over upon the strength of a vote by a few of them, is a manifestation of almost anything but the wisdom that comes from above. But then, such methods are "efficient," and that proves their wisdom. Ł Ł Ł THE Pearl of Days says that the practice of holding mass-meetings on Sunday, in the interest of labor, has resulted in a vigorous protest on the part of many workingmen in Cincinnati, and quotes from the Chicago Inter-Ocean to the effect that the Central Labor Union having called a meeting for Sunday, February 24, instead of February 22, as at first intended, a mass-meeting of trade unionists to protest against Sunday meet-ings in general, and this one in particular, was appointed. The Inter-Ocean says that "the workingmen are nearly equally divided on this question." The Pearl of Days says : " We can but rejoice in this hopeful sign." Yes, but how does this tally with Mr. Crafts's statements that the Sunday-Rest bill was framed to satisfy the clamor of the workingman? This doesn't look as if the clamor had been very great. The most of the clamor has been stirred up by Mr Crafts himself. AT the anniversary dinner of the Catholic Club, in Philadelphia, Cardinal Gibbons, Archbishop Corrigan, and Archbishop Ryan were present and made speeches. Among other things, Archbishop Ryan told of the meeting between a Protestant and the Pope, and how well pleased the two men were with each other, and said: "So many Protestants who have met the Pope, while not re-ligiously Catholic, are personally Papists. He then continued:Š " On the great dogmas we are all united. We have a common love for religion. In an age when society is threatened with grave dangers it is well that men who love Christianity and Christian civil-ization should unite. I was glad to find when I came to Philadelphia that most of the public men were Christians, and I see no reason why on the great questions we may not agree." This speech was greeted with "great applause," therefore the National Reformers may take cour-age. There is a growing prospect that their over-tures to the Roman Catholic Church will not much longer be repulsed. PROTESTANT preachers inveigh against the Sunday newspapers, for the reason that the news-papers keep people from church. The Sunday newspaper has become a popular necessity in this country; it has come to stay. That is a fact to be faced, whether you like it or not. Whatever the Sunday newspaper may be or may become, they must be poor preachers, poor churches, and poor creeds indeed which confess themselves beaten by a Sunday newspaper. There must be something radically wrong with them, as in truth there is. No Catholic priest would complain of the Sunday newspaper on the ground that it drew people away from mass and the sacraments of the  Lord's day. Catholics, a comparatively small minority happily, do stay away from mass and the sacraments; but this grave sin of theirs is not owing to Sunday newspaper reading. It is be-cause they have fallen into the habit of neglect-ing what they know to be their duty ; Catholics read the newspapers on Sunday just as Protestants do; but the Catholic Churches, crowded at all the masses, as any inquirer may convince himself by visiting the churches, testify to the fact that newspaper reading affects in no wise Catholic faith and worship. The trouble of which the Protestant preachers complain does not lie with the newspapers, but with themselves, rather, their vague doctrinal teachings, and their soulless wor-ship on empty altars.ŠCatholic American. Sentinels for Missionary Work. SIXTY assorted back numbers (four differ-ent dates) of the AMERICAN SENTINEL sent post-paid for $1.00. Just the paper to hand to yotir neighbor or mail to a friend. All about the Na-tional Reform movement, the Sunday question, the Blair bills, etc. Cloth Bound Sentinels. WE have a few Vol. 3, 1888, monthly AMERI-CAN SENTINELS, with index and special campaign number, bound in cloth, which we can send post-paid for $1.00. Our complete three-year sets have all been sold. If you need Vol. 3 (in paper at 75 cents, or cloth at $1.00) send for it now, as they are nearly all sold. Agents Wanted. To canvass for the weekly AMERICAN SENTI-NEL, at $1.00 per year, to whom liberal cash commissions will be paid. Send now for sample copy, terms to agents, etc. M. L. Huntley, secretary International Tract Society, Battle Creek, Mich., is general agent for all that territory lying south of Pennsylvania and the Ohio River, and east of the Mississippi River. Persons desiring to canvass in any State included in that territory will please apply to the secre-tary mentioned above. Canvassers in any other States will write to the State T. and M. secretary of the State in which they wish to work, or to AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro Street, Oakland, Cal. Agents' complete canvassing outfit for the SENTINEL alone, consisting of sample copies of the paper, guarantee cards, circulars, terms to agents, etc., sent free. Agents' complete canvassing outfit, including a sample copy of the illustrated pamphlet, " Pro-plied° Lights," post-paid, for 50 cents. Agents' complete canvassing outfit, including a sample copy of the illustrated, 500-page, cloth-bound, popular edition of "Great Controversy," for $1.00. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - - $1.00. In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro St., OAKLAND, CAL. 