24 THE .ANIE"RICAN SENTINEL. T1 e An2epicaR BeVi2el. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, MARCH, 1887. THE Boston Pilot (Catholic) says: " No good government can exist without religion." That is straight National Reform doctrine, and every National Reformer would say amen to it. But the Pi!ot continues: "And there can be no religion without an Inquisition, which is wisely designed for the promotion and protection of the true faith." If the first proposition is true, the second must also be true; and no one who accepts the first can dissent from the second. If there is national religion, there must be an Inquisition, or its equivalent, and punishment for heresy. Na-tional Reform contends for national religion; hence a National Reform government will of necessity persecute. FOR the last three months a large number of people have been receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL through the courtesy of friends. We should be greatly pleased to have these persons become subscribers on their own account. Many of the best minds in the country are convinced that there is urgent need of just such work as is being done by the SENTINEL, and it is the only paper in the United States that is doing the work. Let. al who feel that a union of Church and State would be a calamity, rally -to the support of the journal that is doing battle for liberty of conscience and for civil rights. We confi-dently look for a large increase in our regular subscription list. SPEARING of Japan, the Christian Statesman says: "Open opposition to Christianity has ceased; the peril is of another sortŠthat she will accept the form of Christianity without knowing its power." It would seem that the Statesman should find no fault with that, as it 'is just what the National Reformers propose to have done in this country. Hero they even profess to believe that its accomplishment will usher in the millennium. However the cli-mate may make some difference; and possibly something more than an act of Congress or an imperial decree is needed to convert the na-tives of JapanŠand it is possible that the sequel may show that something more is needed to convert people here. MANY who read this number of the AMER-ICAN SENTINEL have been enjoying its visits for a year. Do you want it continued? -Then do not delay your renewal. We do not be-lieve that anyone who has read the SENTINEL for a whole year, would willingly forego the pleasure and profit for the future ; but some may not realize that their subscription has expired. Please examine the label on your paper, and if it reads March, '87, send in your renewal at onco,,and thus save us the trouble of taking your name off our list and then putting it on again. Remember that your personal assurance, with the cash, is tho only means wo have of knowing whether you ap-preciate the paper, and how much. " STATESMANSHIP cannot save. the :country. Christ's refusal to be -made--a -king, .and his rejection of Satan's offer of the.world's scepter, ought to teach those who seek to save the world, that moral means are necessary to moral ends. Christ saw that the world could not be saved by legislation,. and that only by his being lifted up could all men be drawn unto him. He saw that he could not save the world without sacrificing for it; no more can we. The saving power of the church is its sacrificing power."ŠRev. Josiah Strong. Common sense sentiments like these cannot be given too great prominence. National Re-formers stand sadly in need of them. Lir it never be forgotten by any lover of civil or religious liberty that were the Consti-tution of the United - States to be amended, as the National Reform Association demands that it shall be, it would necessarily follow that the Christian religion, which would then be the State religion, would have to be defined by law. And it would naturally follow also that the courts would be called upon to decide what it Christian, and who are Christians. For the proposed regime " would disfranchise every logically consistent infidel," and all will be considered as infidels who chance to differ with the National Reform idea of Chris-tianity, even in a single particular. The Case Well Stated. THE following letter -to ono of the workers in the office of the SENTINEL, shows that think-ing people realize that the work of the Na-tional Reform party seriously threatens the liberty of this country, and makes such a paper as the SENTINEL a necessity:Š LOUISVILLE, KY., Jan. 21, 1887. "DEAR SIR: Yours of the 2d, and the Jan-uary. number of the AMERICAN SENTINEL are received. I have carefully read and consid-ered both, and would say that I fully indorse the sentiments or the SENTINEL, as being the only safe doctrine for the people of this na-tion and the only sate-guard for religious lib-erty. " Our fathers wisely provided in the Con-stitution that: Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof.' They were quickened in their wisdom by the times in which they lived (a fact which their chil-dren seem to have forgotten), and this with the knowledge of the certain fact that history will repeat itself'. If' the National Reform party could but substitute their proposed amendment for this wise and beneficent pro-vision, the end of the present century would find religious persecution substituted for re-ligious freedom. "A State which prescribes religion, pre-scribes conscience, or a moral sense of duty to God, and here is the end of practical piety, the country's peace, and the people's freedom. If the omnipotence of God is not sufficient to demand acknowledgment of himself, as the author of the nation's existence, and of Jesus ' Christ as its and the Bible as the supreme rule of its conduct,' then that religion is a mockery, which proposes a con-stitutional amendment to supply the imper-fections of Deity. "It is suggested by the amendment to make this ' a Christian nation.' It would hardly be adopted before the question would arise as to who are ChristiansŠand this would result in a fight more bitter than will .ey.er he made to secure the adeption of the proposed amendment-7-4f it ever should be adopted. There is but one conclusion to the National Reform party. They seem to have forgotten the history of every country in the world, and they also seem to have forgotten the causes that lead to the enactment of the constitutional provision Ł before quoted. No king, prince, or potentate ever committed as many depredations upon human rights as have professed Christians under the guise of saving souls. To escape such, our ancestors came to this land of freedom. Yours respectfully, JAMES T, MILBURN. Tun remark recently made by a writer in the Christian Statesman that " a Christian is one who in theory is obedient to Christ," seems to throw considerable light upon the National Reform idea of Christianity, and explains how this can be made a Christian nation by constitutional amendment. If obe-dience in theory is all that is required, Con-gress can of course furnish it in any quantity desired. N Ł 4- THE following suggestion by the Catholic Review, we find adopted into the editorial columns of the Christian Statesman. It is an important-  item in the steadily growing Sun-day movement:Š "The time is near at hand when. those who have so warmly advocated eight hours as a workman's day, will find it necessary to agi-tate for six days as a workman's week. If the labor organizations aro really anxious for an issue on which they can have the help of the vast majority of the American people, let them take up this of Sunday labor. They will find enormous obstacles to contend with in the wide-spread avarice of the non-Catholic workingmen as well as of the capitalists. if the limit of a day's labor to eight hours is calculated to restrain the over-production to which they object, the cessation of Sunday labor, which is now carried on to an extent enormously in excess of what the general public is disposed to believe, would exercise a a still further restraint in this direction. If the labor associations are sincere in their professions, they will find that temperanceŠif not total abstinenceŠon all days of the week, and the Christian observance of the Lord's day, will tend greatly to diminish many of the evils of which they justly complain." We have not the least doubt that this thing will be done soon. We fully expect soon to see the labor organizations throughout the country, busily agitating for "six days as a workman's week," and the churches --and preachers, both Roman Catholic and Protestant Catholic, all loudly cheering on the agitation. The Christian Statesman may congratulate it- self for that will be a mighty re-enforcement to National Reform. THE _AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE MONTHLY JOURNAL, DLVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious testa;, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly oppo ed to anything tending  toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. TERMS. Single Copy, per year, - - - - - 50 cents. To f..rcign countnes, single s-bscription, post- paid  25. Specimen copies free. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro St., OAKLAND, CAL 