154 .41.1VIEMELICOA,N SIENOPENIMLA VoL. 11, No. 20. itself. Rome was the supreme deity. Thus the idea of the State as the highest good was the religious idea, and consequently religion was inseparable from the State. The Roman State being the chief deity, the gods of Rome derived their dignity from the State rather than the State deriving any honor from them. And though Rome allowed con-quered nations to maintain the worship of their national gods, these as well as the con-quered people were considered only as serv-ants of the Roman State. Every religion was held subordinate to the religion of Rome, and though " all forms of religion might come to Rome and take their places in its pan-theon, they must come as the servants of the State." A fundamental maxim of Roman legislation was,Š No man shall have for himself particular gods of his own; no man shall worship by himself any new or foreign gods, unless they are recognized by the public laws. "What the Law Says is Right." The Roman State being the supreme deity, the Senate and people were but the organs through which its ideas were expressed; hence the maxim, Vox populi, vox Dei,Šthe voice of the people is the voice of God. As this voice gave expression to the will of the su-preme deity, and consequently of the highest good; and as this will was expressed in the form of laws; hence again the Roman maxim, " What the law says is right." It is very evident that in such a system there was no place for individuality. The State was everything, and the majority was in fact the State. What the majority said should be, that was the voice of the State, that was the voice of God, that was the ex- pression of the highest good, that was the expression of the highest conception of right; Šand everybody must assent to that or be considered a traitor to the State. The indiv-idual was but a part of the State. There was therefore no such thing as the rights of the people; the right of the State only was to be considered, and that was held to be absolute. Christianity was directly opposed to this. It proclaimed the right of the individual to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience, while Rome asserted the duty of every man to, worship according to the dictates of the State. Christianity asserted the su-premacy of God; Rome asserted.the supremacy of the State. This was the contest, and these were the reasons of it, between Christianity and the Roman Empire. Christianity Not Anarchistic. Yet in all this Christianity did not deny to Cmsar a place; it did not propose to undo the State. It only taught the State its proper place; and proposed to have the State take that place and keep it. Christianity did not dispute the right of the Roman State to be; but it did deny the right of that State to be in the place of God. In the emperor was merged the State. He alone represented the divinity of the Roman Empire. The Christians' refusal to recognize in him that divinity or to pay respect to it in any way, was held to be open disrespect to the State. The Christians' denial of the right of the State to make or enforce any laws touching religion or men's relationship to God, was counted as an undermining of the authority of government. As it was held that religion was essential to the very existence of the State, and that the State for its own sake, for its own self-preservation, must maintain proper respect for religion; when Christianity denied the right of the State to exercise any  authority or jurisdiction whatever in religious things, it was held to be but a denial of the right of the State to preserve itself. They Sought to Preserve the State. Therefore when Christianity had become quite generally spread throughout the empire, it seemed to such emperors as Marcus Aure- - lius, Decius, Valerian, and DiocletianŠem-perors who most respected Roman institutions Šthat the very existence of the empire was at stake. Consequently their' opposition to Christianity was but an effort to save the State, and was considered by them as the most reasonable and laudable thing in the world. And it was only as a matter of State policy that they issued edicts or emphasized those already issued for the suppression of Chris-tianity. In making or enforcing laws against the Christians it was invariably the purpose of these emperors to restore and to preserve the ancient dignity and glory of Rome. " The immortal gods," said Diocletian, " have, by their providence, arranged and es-tablished what is right. Many wise and good men are agreed that this should be maintained unaltered. They ought not to be opposed. . . . It is the greatest of crimes to over- turn what has been once established by our ancestors, and what has supremacy in the State." The Conscience above the Magistrate. As before remarked, Christianity and the Roman theory of the nature and sphere of the State were antagonistic. The State assumed to be supreme in all things; Christianity set the Creator above the State, and the in-dividual conscience above the civil magis-trate. Every means known to the Romans for the punishment of crime was invoked against the Christians. The emperors, governors, and magistrates felt it to be their duty to main-tain the dignity of the empire by enforcing the "law" because it was " law." They felt that the very existence of civil society was at stake, and unflinchingly did they discharge their " sworn duty." They Gave Their Lives for a Principle. Imprisonment, banishment, torture and death were invoked against the Christians, but without avail. Whole families were con-demned and executed, or given to the wild beasts in the arena; but the followers of Christ faltered not. The hoary-headed grandsire, the middle-aged father, the loving wife and mother, the affectionate daughter just merg-ing into womanhood, and even the innocent child, strengthened by that mysterious power given by God in answer to humble faith, alike unflinchingly awaited the onslaught of the fierce Numidian lions about to be let loose upon them, and which they knew would pres-ently feast upon their flesh and drink their life blood. Two hundred and fifty years this contest continued, and then as the outcome of the longest, the most wide-spread, and the most terrible persecution that ever was inflicted by the Roman State, that empire was forced offi-cially to recognize the right of every man to worship as he pleased. Thus was Christianity acknowledged to be victorious over all the power of Rome. The rights of conscience were established, and the .separation of religion and the State was virtually com-plete. But how brief was the triumph. No sooner had the cloud of intolerance lifted than it again settled upon the world, and even to-day in our own "free" land men suffer fines, im-prisonment and chain-gangs for daring to  worship God according to the dictates of their own consciences, and for denying the right of the State to exact from them a service due only to God and to be rendered only to him. What shall the end be? CHAFF IN THE PLACE OF BREAD. FROM many of the " sermons " preached nowadays from our orthodox pulpits, one would receive the impression that we have reached a time when the simple gospel of sal-vation through faith in Christ had become secondary in importance to themes of city politics and government. The great question to be considered from the pulpit, if we may judge from appearances, is not the establish-ment of the law of God in the heart of the individual, but the enforcement of some hu-man lawŠand particularly the Sunday "law" Šin view of a manifest tendency on the part of some to disregard it. The question of Sunday observance was the theme of discourse with two prominent clergy-men of Jersey City on Sunday, May 3. These were the Rev. C. Raboteau, Baptist, and Rev. I. W. Hathaway, Presbyterian. The former, as reported by the New York Tribune, of May 4, gave a scathing denunciation of of-ficial inaction in enforcing the Sunday law, concluding with the words, " More pressure, brethren! More pressure until it touches the sore spot. A little less soft soap and men e pressure." It is possible that some in his audience who had come hungering for spirit-ual food, may have felt a simultaneous wish for a little less husks and chaff, and a little more of the bread of life. The Rev. Mr. Hathaway's discourse dealt more with the nature and obligation of the Sabbath institution, but was not lacking in admonitions concerning the duty of Christian men to see that the Sunday law was strictly enforced. Concerning the Sabbath instituted at creation, he said: " It was given to man in the very beginning of time, and so is uni-versal law. It was given to man for his moral and spiritual life. A ceremonial or a civil law may be made and repealed, may serve its time and cease to be; but a moral law is a part of the essential nature of man and of God, and is just as essential to man's moral and spiritual being as the air for his lungs or food for his body. We must remember that this law is found in the Decalogue, the eternal moral law, which can no more be annihilated than can God himself cease to be." This is true, and worthy of being contin-ually borne in mind by every individual on the earth. But the trouble is that so many people, even in the churches, are, like the speaker, entirely at variance with this truth in their religious practice; observing not the seventh day, which God blessed and set apart for mankind, but the first day, which as a sqlbbath day is solely an institution of "the church." But following this statement of truth, the speaker made the amazing assertion that " in this wicked world the moral law must be enforced by civil enactment." How can any-one suppose for a moment that such a thing could be! Can the divine be upheld by the human, or the infinite be grasped by the finite, or holiness be enforced by that which is of the earth ? The law of God " is holy, and just, and good; " it is as holy, and as broad, and as high, as God himself. The fountain of civil law is, at its best, defiled by the taint of worldliness and sin. As well 