44 THE A IC 8NTTINM, correct moral principles, but this has been because it has never been utterly devoid of the moral law. History shows that as any people have lost sight of the principles of that law they have retrograded morally. We do not entertain the idea that God left the world without witness till the time of Christ, nor even till the giving of the law at Sinai. And as far as correct morals were ever practiced among the heathen, their existence was, we hold, due to the fact that the .people still retained some knowledge of the moral law. Of the heathen who had not the written law, the Apostle Paul said : " For when the Gentiles, which have not the law, do by nature the things contained in the law, these, having not the law, are a law unto themselves : which shew the work of the law written in their hearts, their con-science also bearing witness, and their thoughts the meanwhile accusing or else excusing one another." Rom. 2:14, 15. The boasted morality of even the most enlightened heathen philosophers did not approach the morality of the divine law, and is not to be compared with- it. It is well known that the Spartans taught their children to lie and steal. According to Professor Stuart, "both the Epicureans and the Stoics allowed and defended sod-omy and incest, numbering these horrid crimes among the things indifferent." Home says : " Pride, and the love of popular applause were esteemed the best and greatest incentives to virtue and noble actions ; suicide was regarded as the strong-est mark of heroism." " Acts of the soul Šthe adultery of the eye and the murder of the heartŠwere little regarded. * On the contrary, the philosophers countenanced, both by arguments and example, the most flagitious practices. Thus theft, as is well known, was permitted in Egypt and Sparta; Plato taught the expediency and lawfulness of exposing children in partic-ular cases; and Aristotle, also, of abor-tion. The exposure of infants, and the putting to death of children who were weak and imperfect in form, was allowed at Sparta, by Lycurgus." " Customary swearing was commended, if not by the precepts, yet by the example of the best moralists among the heathen philosophers, particularly ,Socrates, Plato, Seneca, and the Emperor Julian." " The unlimited gratification of their sensual appetites, and the commission of unnatural crimes, was common among the most distinguished teachers of philosophy, and was practiced even by Socrates himself." Gibbon testi-fies that "the devotion of the pagans was not incompatible with the most licentious skepticism." That these things are true of even the best heathensŁ is not strange, when we con- *Many advocates of "natural morality" in our own day attach but little importance to thoughts and intents of the heart. Only a few days since a prominent Freethought editor said to the writer: " Covetousness is not immoral; it is the spring of all progress." And yet covetousness is the root of theft, as lust is of social vice. Sider that their morality and religion were alike utilitarian. Their gods were of like passions with themselves, and their high-est incentives to virtue were " pride and love of applause." And now it is seri-ously proposed, not only by Freethinkers but by not a few Christians, to teach mo-rality in our public schools in a way that will make pride and love of applause the highest incentive to virtue, in the minds of the rising generation. The children are to be taught to be good that they may be happy and highly esteemed, to be hon-est, because, forsooth, it is " the best pol-icy," to be truthful that they may be respected, to be virtuous that they may be admitted into good society ! God forbid that such morality should be taught in our public schools " Virtue will surely be rewarded, but one who seeks virtue for the sake of re-ward can never find it, because the end at which he aims is not virtue but the reward. He makes virtue a secondary considera-tion, and no one can obtain it who does not make it first." C. P. B. National Reform Criticism Answered. SOME weeks since, the Daily Times of Oakland, California, contained an article criticising the National Reform movement and Rev. N. R. Johnston one of its chief promoters in the Golden State. Mr. John-ston did not see the article until he read it in THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. He at once replied to it sending his communication to the Times, in which it was published to-gether with the following editorial com- ment :Š To all these criticisms we reply: The Israelites, to whom the original law of Sabbath-keeping was given by Moses, were under a theocratic form of government. Our form of government is demo-cratic. Many of the laws which Moses gave as di-vine, Mr. Johnston, himself does not pretend to ob-serve. While Sunday is called the " Christian Sab-bath," and Christians. generally recognize it as a holy day, it must be remembered that Americans are not all Christians in their belief, and that there are several denominations of Protestant Chris-tians who observe the seventh day of the week, in-stead. of the first, as the Sabbath. What justice in the Government taking sides with the Sunday-keepers against the Sabbath-keepersŠthe Jews, the Seventh-day Baptists, and Seventh-day Adventists ? Then Mr. Johnston is wrong, we think, in his dec-laration that all classes of people, and especially laboring men, would be benefited by a law enforcing Sunday rest. -As a rule, and without any law, laboring men rest on Sunday as they do at night, of their own free- will and because they feel their need of it; but how would Mr. Johnston- look upon a law forbidding all labor from six o'clock at night until six o'clock in the morning ? Would laboring men be benefited by such an arbitrary law? Notwithstanding Mr. Johnston's demurrer, we re-peat our proposition that the United States Consti-tution does not favor penal Sunday laws, and is in spirit against them. If not, why are Mr. Johnston and his fellow-members of the National Reform As-sociation laboring so hard to get the Constitution amended?' Rev. Dr. Mcllvaine, a member of the same Association, states expressly that they want this amendment to afford a basis which they have not now in the fundamental law of the land for Sunday laws and Sunday law enforcement. Finally,  while WO do not go to THE AMERICAN SENTINEL for instruction on this point, we fully agree with it in its contention that the American Sabbath Union and the National Reform Association are virtually striving to overturn the religious liberty of the Na-tion, and establish a virtual union of Church and State, and we heartily commend it for the loud note of warning it has raised. And the Times is right; the success of the National Reform movement would certainly destroy religious liberty in this country, and, at the very best, substitute for it religious toleration. That Insignificant Minority. THESE Sabbatarians are " only Seven-tenths of one per cent.," exultingly asserts the Sunday advocate, and thinks that on account of their being in such an insignifi-cant minority the contemplated Sunday laws might just as well be .pushed through and enforced, as not. " What difference does it make if such a few as that are imprisoned ? " he continues, " for if they can't think and interpret the Bible the same as the_ dominant church, they ought to go to jail." This is the kind of a spirit that we meet to-day after a century of unexampled prosperity under our incom.  parable ConstitutionŠunder the Constitu-tion that was framed especially to protect these insignificant minorities. In a letter to Dr. De La Motta, a Jewish rabbi, Mad-ison made the following declaration with special reference to the Jews, and that, too, when they were in a much more in-significant minority than they are now :-- Among the features peculiar to the political system of the United States, is the perfect equality of rights which it secures to every religious sect, and it is particularly pleasing to observe in the good citizenship of such as have been most dis-trusted and oppressed elsewhere a happy illustration of the safety and success of this experiment of a just and benignant policy. Equal laws, protecting equal rights, are found, as they ought to be pre-sumed, the best guarantee of loyalty and love of country ; as well as best calculated to cherish that mutual respect and good-will among citizens of every religious denomination which are necessary to social harmony, and most favorable to the ad-vancement of, truth. The account you give of the Jews of your congregation brings them fully within the scope of these observations.Š Writings of James Madison, vol. iii, pages 178, 179. It is only he who would act the tyrant that would oppress or make it hard for a certain class of citizens because they are only " seven-tenths of one per cent." John Stuart Mill presents this in its true light, and in the light that every Ameri-can should regard it. " Let us suppose," says he, "that the government is entirely at one with the people, and never thinks of exerting any power of coercion unless in agreement with what it conceives to be their voice. But I deny the right of the people to exercise such coercion, either by themselves or by their government. The power itself is illegitimate. The best gov-ernment has no more title to it than the worst. It is as noxious, or more noxious, when exerted in accordance with public opinion, than when in opposition to it, 