708 AMERICAN SENTINEL. property,Šin all instances the actuating motive of op-pression has been selfishness; retaliation and vengeance have ensued, and the whole power has usually fallen into the hands of one man. It was in a democracy that Sulla executed his sanguinary proscription, and 'that Robes-pierre startled the world with the reign of the guillotine. To the claim of democracy that it is the guardian of lib-erty, the verdict of history is emphatically "Mene, Tekel, Upharsin;" and the failure of democracy demonstrates the failure of all systems. Why have they failed? Why is it that the story has ever been,Š " Truth forever on the scaffold, Wrong forever on the throne?" Is it because the lovers of liberty have always been upon the scaffold, and the friends of oppression always upon the throne?ŠNo. It is because of an almost unal-terable law of human nature that selfishness asserts itself when men are in a position to command and obtain; and liberty and truth which are usually prized by the poor and powerless, are forgotten. The common people hear the words of truth and justice gladly, but 'power waits for a more convenient season. So it has ever been. While the "antiquity of freedom" cannot be questioned, the birthright has been siezed by tyranny, the "later born," and since the original lapse of man from the  path of rectitude, he has enjoyed few visits from the first born. I need not stop to enlarge upon the cause of this fail-ure. You see what it has been. It is summed up in one wordŠselfishness. Freedom has meant onlyŠ " to break Fetters for our own dear sake, And with leathern hearts forget That we owe mankind a debt." The practice of that principle which alone insures true liberty,Š"Whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them,"Šis not natural to men as they are in*the world. They act naturally in the admin-istration of government, therefore it is not in monarchies, aristocracies, democracies, or any other system of human government, that liberty is found. (To be continued.) 9 1.- Ł -4 4 The Tail Wagging the Body. "Foun hundred and fifty barbers wanted Sabbath, fifty refused; fifty made four hundred and fifty work. Think that out." So says a writer in The Defender, the organ of the "New England Sabbath Protective League." If this were trite,Šthat "fifty made four hundred and fifty work,"Šit would be an instance of the tail being suc-cessful in an effort to wag the body. But no such thing as this ever happened. It is contrary to nature and to reason. The alleged fact is not true. The four hundred barbers who worked because the fifty others would not rest, did not want to lose their Sunday trade unless the other fifty also lost theirs.  Their own covetousness made them work. They worked because they thought more of their gains than of the weekly rest. The love of money, and not the fifty bar-bers, was their master. Take the love of money away, and there is no foun-dation left for the oft-made assertion that "the right of rest for one is the law of rest for all." "The love of money is the root of all evil." The Latest Judicial Decision on the Validity of Sunday Laws., A FRIEND has kindly favored us with a copy of the Alamosa, (Col.) Independent-Journal, of October 14, which contains a decision given by Judge Holbrook in the District Court of Costilla County, Col., on October 12, which is worthy of note as an addition to the list of ju-dicial decisions touching upon the question of the validity of Sunday legislation. While this question was only in-cidentally involved in the present case, the language of the judge in considering it amounts to a virtual decision upon the validity of Sunday laws. The case was that of the people of the State of Colo-rado against J. W. Palmer, for keeping open a saloon on the first day of the week. The decision says:Š "The information in this case charges the defendant with a violation of the statute which forbids the keeping open of saloons on the first day of the week. "The defendant moves to quash the information, and by the motion the Sabbath question is involved. "The Bible most positively declares that the seventh day is the Sabbath: the law books declare the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday,' to be the Sab-bath. "This conflict of authority between God and man, one phase of the motion to quash the information vir-tually calls on the court to decide. But, fortunately for the court, God has never required nor authorized man to punish his fellow man for a failure to observe the Sab-bath, nor for neglect of any other religious duty; while men, jealous of their own works, have made laws to en-force the observance of the man-made Sabbath. "The oath of a judge can go only to the extent of re-quiring the court to enforce the laws which men have made; leaving each individual, who wishes to do so, to worship God according to the requirements of the Bible, 'so far as the laws of man will permit. "The defendant contends that the statute in question is obnoxious to Art. 2, Sec. 4, of the Constitution, which provides, That the free exercise and enjoyment, of reli-gious profession and worship, without discrimination, shall forever hereafter be guaranteed.' . . . 'Nor shall any preference be given by law to any religious de-nomination or mode of worship;' and also to the con-stitutional prohibition against special and class legisla-tion. "Generally, such a statute should be construed as obnoxious to both these constitutional provisions. Or-dinarily a law which for religious reasons closes the doors of one business house on certain days, while another is permitted to run, is class legislation; and a law which 