AMERICAN SENTINEL. 55 A Strange Conception of Christ. BY W. N. GLENN. REV. WALLACE R. STRUBLE, of Chicago, delivers the following proposition, which he evidently deems good politics; but it is safe to say that if Christ should accept any or all of the offices named, and failed to secure a good position for Mr. Struble and his political friends, there would soon be a loud complaint against the policy of the administration of the "Man of Galilee:"- - "Under the Republican form of government as exemplified in the United States of America the office-holder is intended to be the incarnation of his constitu-ents; or in other words the people send themselves to the White House, to Congress, to, the legislature, and to the judicial bench. In a similar sense I am in favor of sending Jesus the Christ to our halls of national legis-lation, to the White House, and to the bench of the United States Supreme Court. I am in favor of sending him to the States' legislatures, to the municipal coun-cils and boards of aldermen; of electing him governor, mayor, State and County judge, Attorney-General, State's Attorney and corporation lawyer; of naming him for sheriff, constable, chief of police and police officer; in a word, of transferring this entire Govern-ment, from the supervision of a township road or the scribing of a notarial folio, up to the executive manage-ment of the nation and the supreme direction of its judiciary, upon the shoulders of The Man of Gallilee." This isAndeed a strange conception of Christ, and He might truly say, "Thou thoughtest that I was altogether such an one as thyself." A few statements of fact are worthy of consideration in connection with this amazing idea of the Creator of the universe and Redeemer of men. 1. The government of Christ is not a republic; it is a kingdom, an absolute monarchy. 2. Christ is already the Lawgiver of his kingdom, and the men who are making such blasphemous propo-sitions, so degrading of One now standing so high, are now living in violation of the law He has already made. Then, where is there any guarantee of their loyalty in the future. 3. In whom lies the authority to send the King to the White House, or anywhere else. When he sets up His kingdom, it will "fill the whole earth." "The earth is the Lord's, and the fulness thereof; the world, and they that dwell therein." Ps. 24:1. When he establishes his kingdom in the earth, his seat of government will be in the New Jerusalem, the city of gold, which he will bring with him. See description Rev. 21. 4. Who has the authority to reduce Christ's judicial jurisdiction to the United States, when he is now the "Judge of all the earth" (Gen. 18:25), and all judgment is committed to him (John 5:22 )? 5. As to all the petty officers enumerated above, Mr. Struble himself would esteem it an insult to an ex-president, or an ex-governor, or an ex congressman,  to ask him to assume their duties ; but he seems to think it Christian politics to suggest the name of the Lord in connection with such paltry honors. If such positions were to exist at all in the kingdom of God, they would be subordinate to the twelve apostles, who are to "sit on twelve thrones, judging the twelve tribes of Israel." Matt. 19:28. 6. To elect Christ to authority in the affairs of earth is on a par with the action of the people who would have taken him by force and made him a king. John 6:15. It is assuming that "the Most High ruleth in the kingdom of men, and giveth it to whomsoever He will (Dan. 4:17, 26, 32) by virtue of the grace of man. There is just one position to which man can elect Jesus Christ, and that is to supreme rule in the individual heart. Every other position to which he aspires he will assume of his own accord, in his own good time. Christian Science. J. H. Kellogg, M. D., in "Good Health." CHRISTIAN Scientists do not seem to recognize the fact that the human will is just as tangible and real as is the divine will; that the human body is a manifesta-tion of God in the flesh; that man, in all his relations to his fellow men and to God, is either keeping in the divine order and in harmony with God, or going out of the divine order and contrary to God. Disease is simply a condition which results from going wrong, from being out of the divine order. In a certain sense, disease is not an evil, as the Christian Scientist claims, but a good. Suppose we take a simple illustration of this idea. When a person gets a sliver in his finger, there is pain and swelling in that place; after a while the matter which forms around the sliver, lifts it out. This is nature's process of getting rid of the sliver; the pain is incidental to the effort of nature. If the least little speck of dirt gets into your eye, how it smarts and burns; the tears flow,the eye becomes red,the lid closes, and you are tempted to think you would be a great deal better off if your eye did not smart when specks got into it. But as a matter of fact, how much better off would you be? Your eye would soon be full of specks and cinders, its transparancy would disappear, and it would finally be of no service whatever. Pain, then, is a con-servative process; it is a necessary and actual fact, by which the body is warned against evil. Disease is a remedial process. The same power that is within us and that cures us is the power that makes us sick, and illness is the process by which we get well. Sickness and suffering are only incidental to the rem-edial process. People do not get well in consequence of any sort of hocus-pocus, or magic. No one can effect a cure by hiding away in a corner and "fixing his mind upon your 