10Ł THE A..1VIRIC.A.N SENTINEL. ing whistle" of the Bishop of Lodi, and the "flaming headlight" of the Pope, he might have changed his position and avoided the danger. But "fool-hardy fellow" that he was, he wouldn't be influenced by these, and so his most gloomy forebodings of trouble were realized when the Papal express struck him. His was "the enmity of an unregenerate heart" too. Devils were painted all round about him to prove that it was so, and he demonstrated it himself when he publicly re-fused to kiss the crucifix, and submit to the Papacy. He too, determined to resist the progress of. that Nation in the worship of the Papacy. He too, rightly expected trouble, and it surely came to him, as it likewise came to multitudes beside him. And now these Na-tional Reformers are about to set up in this Nation the living image of the Papacy, and to compel all men to worship both it and the Papacy, and whoever lifts up his voice against such iniquitious "progress," thereby shows "the enmity of an unregenerate heart," and all such "may rightly expect trouble" for "it will surely come." All these are their own words, and yet many men think the SENTINEL is performing a useless task in telling the people about it. Well, they may think so if they want to, but they shall not cause us to cease to tell of it; and when they find them-selves fallen into the power of these men, they will wish they had believed the warning. We only wish and pray that they may be-lieve it now. Mr. McConnell closes his letter with an in-vitation to come over and join with them. He says:Š "We also have an invitation for all men of energy and power. There is room here for you, and a demand for all your talents. You may now be opposing this cause, but we frankly extend to you the invitation, ' Come with us and we will do you good,' for good is written concerning the work of our Reform Associations." Thank you, for the compliment, Mr. Mc-Connell, but we are not going to "come." There is plenty of room for us where we are, and there is urgent demand for all our talents in the work in which we are now engaged. Can't you come over and join us, Mr. McCon-nell? There is room here for you. You could not do us good if we should go with you, for good is not written concerning- the work of your Reform Associations; at least there is no good written of it by any author-ity that can do anybody,  any good. The best that the Scripture has written concerning it is that those who follow its pernicious ways "shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God, which is poured out without mixture into the cup of his indignation." Rev. 14 : 9, 10. Yes, we are now opposing that cause. And we in-tend by the grace of God, to continue to op-pose it, with all our talents, all our energy, and all our power, till the day that Christ gives us the victory over it. Rev. 15:2. We shall be glad to hear from you again, Mr. McConnell, especially in regard to that commandment about which we have asked. Please write soon. A. T. J. What We Are Opposed To. AT various times the Reformed Presbyte-rian Church has been referred to in the col-umns of the SENTINEL, and the statement has been made that the principles of the National Reform Association are those of that church, and that if the National Reform movement becomes a success, the Government of the United States will virtually be a Reformed Presbyterian Government. A worthy mem-ber of the Reformed Presbyterian Church has taken exception to this statement, and thinks that we are doing an injustice to that church, by making such statements. Certainly no in-justice was intended, and the SENTINEL has never designed to cast any reflections on that church. The statements were made simply for the purpose of showing that the success of the National Reform movement will effect a virtual union of Church and State. These statements were not made at random, nor were they unfortified by proofs. For proof that National Reform and Reformed Presbyterianism are the same in principle, we have the following explicit declaration of Rev. James Wallace, in the Reformed Presby-terian of January, 1870Š " The principles of National Reform are our principles, and its work is our work. Na-tional Reform is simply the practical application of the principles of the Reformed Presbyterian Church for the reformation of the Nation." The italics are Mr. Wallace's. Now we submit to the candid reader that we cannot justly be accused of false witness in saying that National Reform is nothing but Re-formed Presbyterianism, when we but quote the words of a minister of that denomination, as published in the church organ. Other evi-dence has been given to the same effect, but this is sufficient. Until the Reformed Presby-terian Synod shall declare that Rev. James Wallace did not correctly represent that church, in the Reformed Presbyterian of Jan-uary, 1870, we cannot retract anything on that score. Now as to the statement that the Cove-nanter or Reformed Presbyterian Church was founded upon the principles of Church and State union. The-" Encyclopedia Britannica" says :Š "Covenanters, in Scottish history, the name applied to a party, embracing the great major-ity of the people, who, during the seventeenth century, bound themselves to establish and maintain the Presbyterian doctrine and polity as the sole religion of the country, to the ex-clusion of prelacy and popery." But there is still'stronger testimony, namely, that of the Covenanters themselves. Before giving it, we will quote, as an introduction, the following brief statements of history :Š " In 1581 the General Assembly of Scotland adopted a confession of faith, or national cov-enant, drawn up by John Craig, condemning episcopal government, under the name of hierarchy. This covenant was signed by James I., and enjoined on all his subjects. It was again subscribed in 1590 and 1596. The subscription was renewed in 1638, and the subscribers engaged by oath to maintain re-ligion in the same state in which it existed in 1580, and to reject all innovations intro-duced since that time. This oath annexed to  the confession of faith of 1581, received the name of the National Covenant."ŠArt. Cove-nanters. Now,'read the following act which was passed with reference to the above-mentioned National Covenant:Š "ASSEMBLY 4.Air EDINBURG, AUGUST 30, 1639, SESS. 23. " Act Ordaining ,,,by Ecclesiastical Authority, the Subscription ofthe Confession of Faith and Cove-nant with the Assembly's Declaration. " The General Assembly considering the great happiness which may flow from a full and perfect union of this kirk and kingdom, by joining of all in one and the same covenant with God, with the King's Majesty, and amongst ourselves; having, by our great oath, declared the uprightness and loyalty of our intentions in all our proceedings; and having withal supplicated his Majesty's High Com-missioner, and the lords of his Majesty's hon-orable Privy "Council, to enjoin, by act of Council, all the lieges in time coming to sub-scribe the Confession of Faith and Covenant; which, as a testimony of our fidelity to God, and loyalty to our king, we have subscribed: And seeing his Majesty's High Commissioner, and the lords of his Majesty's honorable Privy Council, have granted the desire of our sup-plication, ordaining, by civil authority, all his Majesty's lieges, in time coming, to subscribe the foresaid Covenant : that our union may be the more full and perfect, we, by our act and con-stitution ecclesiastical, do approve the foresaid Covenant in all the heads and clauses thereof; and ordain of new, under all ecclesiastical censure, That all the masters of universities, colleges, and schools, all scholars at the pass-ing of their degrees, all persons suspected of Papistry, or any other error; and finally, all the members of this kirk and kingdom, sub-scribe the same, with these words prefixed to their subscription, ' The Article of this Cove-nant, which was at the first subscription re-ferred to the determination of the. General Assembly, being determined; and thereby the five articles of Perth, the government of the kirk by bishops, the civil places and power of kirkmen, upon the reasons and grounds con-tained in the acts of the General Assembly, declared to be unlawful within this kirk; we subscribe according to the determination fore-said.' And ordain the Covenant, with this declaration, to be insert in the registers of the Assemblies of this kirk, general, provincial, and presbyterial, ad perpetuam, rei memoriam. And in all humility supplicate his Majesty's High Commissioner, and the honorable Es-tates of Parliament, by their authority, to ratify and enjoin the same, under all civil pains; which will tend to the glory of God, preser-vation of religion, the King's Majesty's honor, and perfect peace of this kirk and kingdom." This will suffice to show that we have not erred in saying that the principles of National Reform and those of Reformed Presbyterian- ism are the same, that Reformed Presbyteri-anism was founded upon the principles of Church and State union, and that as a conse- quence the real end of the National Reform movement must be a union of Church and State. And this is the sole object that we had in view. Our reference to the Reformed Pres-byterian Church was only incidental to the argument that National Reform success must be Church and State union. In nothing that has been said in these columns has there been any design to cast reflections upon the Re-formed Presbyterian Church. The SENTINEL has no quarrel with any religious bodyj, itja 