1'11 A licia t 'I'll11111."11'111'91111'.11  ERICAN SENTIN "IF ANY MAN HEAR BY WORDS. AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus VOL. 12, No. 50. NEW YORK, DECEMBER 23, 1897. Single copy 3 cents. The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. *gir Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no tears that they will he asked to pay 'for it. (Entered at the New York Post-office.) kir THIS issue of the SENTINEL is the last one of the present volume. The next issue will be dated January 6, 1898.  the nature of politics. Politics are what they are to-day because it is the nature of politics to become cor-rupt. IF the clergy were all in agreement upon the subject of religion, to which they have so long devoted their at-tention, we could with more assurance accept their dictum on the subject of politics, to which they are comparative strangers. THE mission of the church is not to decide what right. God has already decided that by his Word. THERE are quite a number of people in the world be-sides Leo XIII who believe that they can, upon demand, speak with infallibility. THE idea that the state can properly teach morals is is the idea that a man can teach himself morals; since the voice of the state is only the voice of the men composing it; and this is only the old pagan idea that a man can be his own saviour. The New Leaders in " National Reform." --ŁŁ11.- Ł -.4ŁŁ- THOSE people who think the government would be made better by professing Christianity, should remember that the very worst hypocrites do that. Ł Ł -4ŁŁ-- 1F only the grace of God can enable even a good man to do right, what is there short of the grace of God that can make a bad man do right? 11_-Ł-4.. THE name of God put in the Constitution can no more make that a Christian document than can a crucifix make a Christian of him who wears it. THE devil doesn't care how religious a thing is, so long as it embodies what is wrong and unjust. The most wicked of all evil deeds have been done under a form of piety. Ł1Ł Ł11,1 IF all the ministers in ,the land should take hold of politics, to "elevate them," this would not at all change THE Christian Endeavorers, who are now the leading National Reformers, have announced that they intend to present to the Congress now in session, one and a half million petitions for the passage of a resolution to amend the national Constitution so that it shall recognize God and the Christian religion. As these folks are following the lead of the original National Reformers, it is proper to raise an inquiry as to the character of those positions. Those who have gone this way before, have pretended to present the names of more than twenty times as many petitioners as they really had. A few were multiplied into thousands; one was multiplied into millions. As the Christian Endeav-orers think they must now take up this matter, it is seri-ously to be hoped, even though their enterprise in this direction is decidedly bad, that they will at least conduct it honestly. Of all the people in the United States who desire leg-islation on the subject of religion, it is but just to say that those who propose to bring it about by constitu-tional amendment are the only ones who are entitled to any respect in this connection. Of these it must be said 