AMERICAN SENTINEL. 13 Dr. KnowlesŠCertainly. WriterŠOne of the speakers tonight quoted Isa.58 : 13, 14 as the day to be kept holy. Is this the day to keep? Dr. KnowlesŠYes. WriterŠDoes not God say the seventh day is the Sabbath? Why then do you quote this scripture and ap-ply it to the first day? Dr. KnowlesŠOh, I know youŠwho you are. You follow us up wherever we go. You are well meaning and earnest, but you look only on one side of the question. WriterŠThere is only one side to this question. We are to keep holy the Sabbath day, and God says the seventh day is the Sabbath. Dr. KnowlesŠYou only look on one side of the ques-tion. WriterŠHow many sides are there to this question? Dr. KnowlesŠWhat church do you belong to? WriterŠThe Seventh-day Adventist. Dr. KnowlesŠI knew it. Everywhere we go you follow us, we find your papers and other reading matter. WriterŠDr. Knowles, I will ask you a plain question and I trust you will give me a plain answer. God in his word says the seventh day is the Sabbath; you say the first day of the week is the Sabbath, now who is right, who speaks the truth, you or God? Dr, KnowlesŠYou only look on one side of the ques-tion. This is all that could be gotten from the doctor, so leaving a SENTINEL in his hand (the Christian Endeavor special) I bade him good-night. I would say also that every person who attended the meeting, including 'speakers, save one who refused it, re-ceived a copy of that number of the SENTINEL. Well may Rome say :Š " Thus sidle to the goal with awkward pace, Halting on crutches of unequal size, One leg by truth supported, one by lies, Secure of nothing but to lose the race." Iv•Ł 4 -I THE position now held by Thanksgiving Day is a per-fect illustration of how Sunday became a holy day. At first it was celebrated by individuals upon their own mo-tion. Next it received governmental recognition only in a general way, becoming gradually more special as time went on; then at last finding recognition by govern-ment as distinctly a Christian thing. When it reached this point it became too " holy " a thing to bear without serious " desecration" such worldly exercises as common labor or games of ball, etc. The next step that may be looked for is the demand for a law forbidding the inter-ruption and desecration of the "holy" associations and character of the " sacred " day. When it was first recognized by the Government in a general way, this was considered a worthy tribute to the value of religion in general, to the Government. When it was recognized by the Government in a distinctly Chris-tian sense, this was counted as a more worthy tribute to  the value of " Christianity and its institutions," to the Government. And now if only a law can be secured "to protect the day from desecration," this Will be a most worthy tribute to the value of "Christianity and its in-stitutions," to all the people. And whether a person be-lieves in Christianity and its institutions or not, he must be compelled to obey the law and observe the institution "for civil and sanitary reasons; " and because "religion or rights of conscience does not enter into the matter at all, it is simply a matter of law." As the Christian Statesman has declared, and what is most likely the truth, that "President Cleveland's proclamation will be a precedent for generations to come ; " " and not only will Thanksgiving proclamations continue to be issued, but they will have more generally a distinctively Christian character "Šwe may expect to see such a course pursued with reference to its observ-ance, as we have described. Then Thanksgiving Day will be just as sacred and just as holy as Sunday is now. For then it will have just the sanctions that Sun-day has, and will rest upon just such authority as Sun-day does. -4,  -4,  "Christian Citizenship" In Milwaukee. BY GEO. M. BROWN. DECEMBER 17th Mr. A. M. Haswell, Secretary of the National Christian Citizenship League, delivered an ad-dress in Milwaukee on the subject of the relation between the working men and Sunday laws. After stating that he should confine his remarks to the civil aspect of Sunday laws and their desecration, he expressed the- idea that an implied contract exists be-tween every citizen and the Government, by which the citizen agrees to keep the laws upon the statute books, and as the Sunday law is one of these laws, every one is in duty bound to keep it. He indulged in quite an extended eulogy of the Puri-tans and their laws and said, " They met in the cabin of the MayflowerŠGod's modern ark of the covenantŠand there framed the first Sunday law. Similar laws were made by the other colonies and have been adopted by the States." "No one," said he, "favors the repeal of these right-eous laws but blatant infidels, howling anarchists, and blind, greedy, grasping monopolies." He defined personal liberty as "the right to do as I please, so long as I tram-ple on no one's rights, and no righteous law on the stat-ute book." After referring to the agitation of the Personal Lib-erty League for the repeal of the Sunday law now on the statute books of this State, he said: "Any one who under the sacred name of personal liberty seeks to have the Sunday law repealed is more worthy of the rope or the bullet than were Jefferson Davis and Benedict Arnold." This statement was applauded by the audience. He declared that the only hope the workingman had 