318 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. We might continue this much farther, but this is sufficient for a comparison of the two methods of obtaining petitions to the respective sides of Sunday legislation. Further investigation will show more favorably for the anti-Sunday-law pe-tition. Which is the better way, to grant Amer-ican citizens who have the right, the privilege of knowing to what they are giving their influence, or not even to permit the right or privilege of knowing? Which is the more American? Which is the more Christian? How do the methods compare ? After all, are not the friends of the Sunday law magnifying, before the public, very small mat-ters, at the worst, in order to hide their own ab-normal and unfair methods ?ŠSigns of the Times. A Quaker View of National Reform. As our readers are well aware, the Blair Sunday-Rest bill, and also the Blair resolution for the amendment to the Constitution, are dead; but the agitation which gave rise to them is not dead, hence the following article from the Friends' Intelligencer and Journal (Philadelphia) is not out of season, though written while these measures were still before Congress. We would commend the article especially to those who imagine that only infidels and liquor sellers oppose Sunday laws, and remind them that Friends are neither one nor the other, but very worthy Christian peo-ple. We print the article entire, as follows :Š "Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty." Realizing the full force of this statement, and feeling that there is great need for the guardians of that priceless boon to mankind, "liberty of conscience," to be on the alert, we desire in as few words as possible to call the attention of Friends to a threatened danger. A bill to regulate the strict observance of the first day of the week as the Sabbath-day, has been introduced into the United States Senate, by Senator Blair, and an effort is also being made to make it compulsory to teach "the prin-ciples of the Christian religion" in the public schools. This is to be accomplished by an amendment to the Constitution of the United States, the object being to make our nation " a Christian nation" by a union of the Church and State. A petition, signed by a million and a half of names, urging the passage of the bill, has also been presented, and we are informed that the friends of this legislation are exceedingly active in its behalf. It is warmly advocated by men and women of high position and great influence, who, undoubtedly, have the welfare of the human race at heart; but, as is so often the case, their zeal has outrun their judgment, and one might almost say, their Christianity; for where the spirit of intoleration is, there the Spirit of Christ can-not dwell, neither is it with those who, arrogate to themselves infallibility. There are several religious sects who honestly believe (and who would uphold their belief with their lives), that it is required of them to observe the seventh day as the Sabbath-day. Now, shall these Christians, professing the name of Christ, obey the mandates of self-righteous men who pre-sume to say, "This day shalt thou keep" ? or shall they obey the "voice" within their own souls ? The advocates of this bill say, "Obey this law  which we have made," and think by this means to build up a Christian nation. Will any forced observance of moral law be accepted of God, or accounted unto the doer for righteousness ? The temple was built of free-will offerings only. Can we raise up a nation of Christians by simply compelling an outward sem-blance of religion? We might say, There is nothing to prevent any-one from keeping the seventh day if they want to do so, but we must remember that their pe-cuniary circumstances may not be such as to permit them to observe both days as days of rest. Again, one might suppose that the clause, "to the disturbance of others," so limited the opera-tion of the law as to render it less harmful; but when we remember the bitter persecution of Friends for acts in themselves quiet and peace-able, we cannot doubt that very many religious fanatics will be very easily disturbed by any observance of the day not strictly in accord with their views. In regard to the other point, it would at first seem as though we could all unite on a willing-ness to have the principles of the Christian relig-ion taught in the public schools. But who is to decide precisely what constitutes the essentials of the Christian religion or its principles? The highest civil tribunal is the Supreme Court. Can that body decide the question so as to satisfy the Catholic and the Protestant, or even the various sects among the latter? An at-tempt to unite the Church and State has always proved disastrous. Turn back the pages of his-tory and we shall find that the bloodiest wars that have stained our annals, were waged in sup-port of religious belief. Recall what the early Friends suffered, comparatively a short time ago, in order to maintain "liberty of conscience." The spirit of intolerance is only sleeping. Would we, as Friends, be satisfied to have any body of men decide what our children should be taught as " the Christian religion " ? Many of the warmest advocates of these measures utter the most severe denunciations of all religions not in harmony with their own, showing a spirit that would crucify the Christ within their brother's soul, while professing to follow his voice speak-ing in their own. " Woe unto you, hypocrites !" It was through the influence of a Friend that liberty of conscience was secured by the Consti-tution, and they have always stood foremost in the fight when it has been assailed, and we take this means of calling everyone to the duty of the hour, reminding one and all that "eternal vigilance is the price of liberty." While using every effort to prevent the taking of this step in the wrong direction, we would not be understood as denouncing, personally, the author of the measure, or the signers of the peti-tions, or their motives; but even great and good men make very grave mistakes, and it is the duty of each one of us to guard with exceeding care this priceless gift of God unto the children of men, both from the attack of enemies and the harmful abuse of overzealous friends. No one could be more desirous than we to see the day when Christ shall rule the world, but this proposed step is a retrograde movement, and when one of its supporters would say, " The government has the right to command the con-sciences of men," it is full time to call a halt. This is the first step. The second will be to secure the erasure of the word principles; and the  next, the insertion of the name of that religion holding the balance of power. Ah, Friends, it would be impossible to fully comprehend the danger until we are caught within its toils. May our Father in Heaven guide and protect us. Look Not to Civil Laws, THE "Sunday observance" movement inaugu-rated last Sunday evening in this city, bids fair to bring in contact the positive and-  negative opinions of a common people, and to bring upon true Christianity an influence more antagonistic and baneful than infidelity itself. It has been clearly demonstrated that no amount of law can compel a change of convictions firmly imbedded in the mind of the average American. If moral suasion and precept has no influence on his hab-its, which are not against the laws of the laud, to use coercion would be fatal to any possibility of success, and engender the most radical views and influence in the opposite extreme. "Christians" will do well to remember that their fight in this matter is not conducted against ignorant and superstitious' foreigners, but against an intelli-gent and comparatively well-educated peopleŠa people capable of forming an opinion based upon sound sense and justice, and who will not permit dictation from an egotistical and warped minority. The element conspicuous in this movement are favored by wealth, position, or business, and can go to the beach on week-days, or can afford to remain there during the entire season. They do not lose their position or the pay for a day while there, as do those who may go Sunday and against whom they declare war. A man's right, moral and physical, to go about on Sunday, can-not be successfully combated. Any religious movement to suppress an inherent right in the non-church-goer will not meet defeat, but will bring about legislation in retaliation detrimental to the church and its interests and from which it will never recover. Custom has favored Sunday as a day for re-ligious observance, but there is no biblical law for it, nor is there anything said relative to its observance, as many would have us suppose. " Christians" declare that Sunday is a day of rest and quiet; yet they raise more bedlam by the clanging of" their bells from five to eleven o'clock in the morning, and by their bass drum parades, than do all the people who visit the beaches and whom they have disturbed from their sleep on the only morning in the week in which they are able to rest, and virtually driven them from home to escape from their noise and confusion. "Brethren," attend to . your legitimate busi- ness; continue your work of Christianity as your Master began it, and when you begin to feel that you require aid from the civil authorities, know that your faith has weakened and that there is something radically defective in your own com-position and with your personal religion.ŠA. G. J., in Los Angeles Tribune, Sept. 5. Cuntsr's kingdom is not of this world. The church is not a Police Board, nor Csar's lieuten-ant, but a saviour of lost sinners. Its simple, sole, glorious mission is to bring sinners to Jesus by preaching the gospel to. them with the Holy Ghost sent down from Heaven.ŠSt. Louis Ob-server. 