THE A.M.ERICANT SENTIN L. 237 mandment of God for the enforcement of his Sabbath, is presuming to add wisdom and strength to the decree of the Almighty. " Who bath required this at your hand ? " Not all the Sunday-law preachers, nor all the political conventions in Christen-dom, can frame a Sunday-law resolution so cautiously that Seventh-day Adventists cannot see through to the end of the scheme. Human Sabbath laws are evil, and only evil, no matter upon what pre-text they are framed. The Clerical Party. THE clergy seem to be entering into poli-tics at thisperiod more than ever before in our history. They are not content with giving moral and religious instruction, leaving the laity to apply it in practical affairs according to their own consciences. Instead of this the clergy are taking the part of active political leaders with spe-cific political designs. The Reformed Presbyterian ministers are circulating petitions to Congress asking that God shall be formally recognized in the Constitution as the only Supreme Ruler; and they are refusing to vote until their request is granted. Methodists and Presbyterians in their general convoca-tions demand that religion shall be made a part of the public school education, and a society, made up of ministers chiefly, has been organized to combat the sup-posed influence of the Church of Rome upon school legislation. They cry out that, the schools must be protected against clerical influence, and yet at the same time they protest that the secularization of the schools must not continue. They seem to be desirous of bringing the re-ligious issue into politics with the clergy as the natural and inevitable leaders. A large number of ministers of various denominations have also been preaching sermons after an organized plan, declaring that what they call civil-service reform is a religious obligation. . . . The Rev. Dr. Parkhurst, of the Presby-terians, Dr. Elmendorf, of the Dutch Re-formed, and Mr. Heber Newton, of the Episcopalians, have entered into the munic-ipal campaign with great heat, contending that their flocks must make the task of changing the present municipal officers a profound religious duty. To that end, and with the assistance of Bishop Potter, the ministers of this mind are about to organ-ize a clerical party in municipal politics; and the churches will probably be trans-formed into halls for generating enthusi-asm in behalf of the movement. The town will ring with political sermons if this project works, and the test of ortho-doxy and Christian principle may be the support of the clerical ticket. This, of course, is likely to make discord in the churches, for nearly all the leaders of the opposition are church members, and it is improbable that they will change  their political course at the dictation of their pastors. For instance, in Dr. Park-hurst's Madison Square Church, is Col-lector Erhardt, who wants a straight Re-publican ticket under any circumstances ; and yet, according to the view of the cler-ical party, the advocacy of such a ticket is downright sin. They want the field un-obstructed for their fight with Tammany. Boss Platt is also among the parishioners, and he may make up his mind that it is bad politics to run a clerical ticket. An-other of Dr. Parkhurst's parishioners is Mayor Smith Ely, faithful in his attention to his religious duties, and yet so sagacious that he may regard the project of the clergy as impracticable. Hence the plan of bringing the clergy and the churches into politics is sure to lead to much embarrassment, and it may provoke dissensions which will be long in healing; for no church would be unani-mous in its views of political duty and expediency. Some of the congregation would be on the side of the clerical party, and some would be supporting the regular Democratic or Republican nomi-nations. Yet the pastor would be elec-tioneering for the clerical ticket with might and main, and preaching that it was a Christian duty to vote for it and, in-ferentially, a sin against God to vote any other way. . . . When the Church enters the political arena, the great majority of the people will feel that their duty as citizens requires them to administer to it a sharp rebuke as a warning against any repetition of the experiment. In this Republic, Church and State must be separated absolutely, and always.ŠThe Sun. By What Authority? THE Colorado Catholic of June 21, gives editorial expression to a few points which are worthy of consideration by the Sunday Union, and NatiOnal Reform Asso-ciation. The Catholic saya:Š The ranting and raving of certain ministers of Denver anent Sunday observance is becoming sim-ply disgusting. Last Sunday a certain minister went about from church to church airing himself on the question. What right had he to say to any man that he must deprive himself of any amuse-ment on Sunday ? Did Jesus Christ, in whom he professes to believe, appoint Sunday as a day of rest? No, he did not. Why then should these ministers assume to themselves the right to tell any man what he must do on Sunday ? . . . Yes. the world concedes that man needs a day of rest. What right have you to say it shall be Sunday ? . . . Sunday is to be observed by religious worship and prayer, not because of any State law. but because God has commanded it. He has com-manded it through his church, therefore it is to be observed in the manner indicated by that church. Now, the church which has appointed Sunday as a day of restŠthe day Mr. Crafts followsŠnever demanded the puritanical and nonsensical observ- ance required by him. . . But we say to you, ministers of Denver, you have no right to de-mand any religious observance of Sunday unless you find it in your rule of faithŠthe BibleŠwhich you may search till the day of doom for a single text to sustain your position. Do not resort to  civil process for support, for our Constitution guar-antees us religious liberty, and you have no right to say to any man that he must be sanctimonious and hypocritically pious instead of light hearted and merry, which the Catholic Church bids all her.  children to be. There is nothing uncertain or indefinite about these statements. Do the Sunday-law advocates acknowledge their truth or deny them ? If they deny, upon what au-thority do they base their denial ? ONE of our exchanges, the Orleans Her-ald, is a little mixed on the proper func-tions of the State. Some time since we said that " the manufacture, transporta-tion, and sale of intoxicating liquors, so far as the authority of Congress or the police power of the State is concerned, has nothing to do with morals, but is solely a matter of the jurisdiction of the municipal law." To this the Herald takes exception, and asserts that the State has something to do with morals. We imagine, however, that the only difference between us is on the use of the word " moral." The State cer-tainly forbids some things that are im-moral just as it forbids some things that are sinful; but it does not, or at least should not, forbid anything simply because it is immoral, or sinful. If the State does forbid things because they are immoral, or sinful, which is the same thing, it must forbid and undertake to punish all sin; this the State cannot do; it follows that it can properly forbid only those things that are uncivil, and that it can forbid them only because they are uncivil. We use the word " moral " only in the sense of pertaining to or being in harmony with the divine law. The Herald evidently gives it a wider signification. Ł .  ON May 17, in the Senate, Mr. Mander-son, from the Committee on Printing, reported back favorably the following res-olutions previously introduced by Mr. Blair, of New Hampshire :Š Resolved, That the Senate Miscellaneous Docu-ment No. 43, of the Fiftieth Congress, be reprinted for the use of the Senate, and that five hundred copies be printed for the use of the Committee on Education and Labor. Resolved, That there be one thousand copies of Notes of Hearing on Joint Resolution (S. R. 86 of the Fiftieth Congress) proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States respecting establishments of religion and free schools, printed as a document for the use of the Senate, and five hundred copies for the use of the Committee on Education and Labor. The resolutions were agreed to, and the documents ordered republished. These republications are the reports of the hear-ings on the Sunday-rest bill, and the Con-stitutional amendment providing for the teaching of the Christian religion in the public schools, held before the Senate Committee on Education and Labor, in the last Congress, and contain the argu-ments in opposition to those measures, by A. T. Jones, and J. 0. Corliss. 