AMERICAN SENTINEL. 27 pastor of a country subject to your jurisdiction, Mr. President, address these words to you. I should feel that I had not fulfilled my mission, my duty before God and my flock, were I to leave my post in America with-out unburdening my heart to you of what oppresses it at this moment. "And so, Mr. President, be indulgent and gracious to poor, hapless Alaska, and show to the Orthodox Church there the respect to which it is entitled, if not by its whole record in that country, yet at least by Articles 2 and 3 of the Declaration of 1867. "Calling down the blessing of God upon you and your country, I beg you will receive the assurance of the 'respect with which I always have regarded and regard your excellency's person, and with which I sign myself, "NICHOLAS, "A Bishop of the Orthodox Church, late of Alaska and the Aleutian Islands." Tax American press is full of talk about the trouble -the Government is having with the Philippine "rebels." How did the Filipinos earn that title? Spain has no au-thority over them, and never had any by right; nor has the United States any right in the islands save that of conquest, which is not recognized as any right by the principles of American government. To assume that the Filipinos are rebels because they do not want ;:a f or-,eign power to conquer and rule over them, does not re-flect creditably upon the conceptions of justice and liberty which prevail in this reputed "land of the free." Ex-President Cleveland on " Expansion." To a press representative, recently, ex-President 'Cleveland gave his views on the subject of annexing the Philippines. We commend them to all expansionists, not excepting the clergy:Š "I do not care to repeat my views concerning the 'prevailing epidemic of imperialism and territorial ex-pansion. "Assuming, however, that my ideas on the subject are antiquated and unsuited to these progressive days, lit is a matter of surprise to me that the refusalof certain natives of our new possessions to acquiesce in the beneficence of subjecting them to our control and man-agement should in the least disturb our expansionists. "This phase of the situation ought not to have been unanticipated, nor the incidents naturally growing out -of it overlooked. "The remedy is obvious and simple. The misguided inhabitants of our annexed territory who prefer some-thing different from the plan for their control which we propose or who oppose our designs in their behalf should -be slaughtered. " The killing of natives has been a feature of expan-sion since expansion began, and our imperialistic en-thusiasm should not be checked by the prospective necessity of destroying a few thousand or a few hundred -thousand Filipinos. " This should only be regarded as one stage in a  transcendentally great movement, a mere incident in its progress. "Of course some unprepared souls would then be lost before we had the opportunity of Christianizing them, but surely those of our clergymen who have done so much to encourage expansion could manage that difficulty." The Possibilties of "Expansion." SOME idea of the natural tendency of the expansion policy to keep on expanding indefinitely, may be gath-ered from the following editorial in the Minneapolis Tribune, of December 10, last. It appears under the heading, "Do We Want Venezuela?" but the question might appropriately have been, Do we want the west-ern hemisphere, and as much more of the earth as we can get? The Tribune says:Š "A New York gentleman who recently returned from Venezuala says he was surprised to find a strong senti-ment among prominent Venezuelans in favor of annexa-tion to the United States, and that if this country wanted that South American republic, it would have no diffi-culty, in the present state of feeling existing there, to bring about annexation. He adds: 'With the ownership of Porto Rico, it may be found necessary after a while for us to take in the countries bordering on the Carib-bean Sea. This is all the more worthy of serious consid-eration when we reflect upon the longing with which European powers regard the countries of South America. Germany plans for future domination in Southern Brazil; Italy already has strong colonies in the Argentine, while Great Britain has made Chili next to a commercial de-pendency. In view of all these things, it will not do to say the time will never come when the United States will disdain the idea of pushing the Stars and Stripes further southward.' "An examination of the map will show that Vene-zuela laces Porto Rico and possesses a fine coast looking northward towards the United States. It is one of the finest of the South American countries, both in its sur-face and resources, and in the character of its people. Under American auspices its development would be rapid and it would be the source of untold wealth. From the base furnished by Porto Rico, it would be within easy communication with the United States, and its possession would tend to the building up of an important ocean marine trading to southern waters. "If the people of Venezuela want to come into the United States and would be content to remain for a pro-bationary period of say 25 years in the territorial con-dition, the annexation would be mutually advantage-ous. Within that period the emigration from the United States to Venezuela and the establishment of American enterprises there would so thoroughly Americanize the country that it could safely be admitted to statehood with a restricted suffrage, something like that which is proposed for Hawaii. "If the policy of expansion is adopted, the way to expand is to expand. Ultimately the United States must control both American continents. Venezuela would be an important stepping-stone to the rest of South America." 