Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political,ŠThomas yefferson. VOLUME 4. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, JULY 10, 1889. NUMBER 24. An2eFiesai2 3er2tir2el. " PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK; 18 POST ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.; 12TH BS CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL, EDITORS, r. 3. WAGGONER, ALONZO T. JONES. "I do not believe that Governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed, and so the object of this movement is an effort to change that feature in our fundamental law." So said Rev. W. D. Gray, secretary of the Missouri Na-tional Reform Convention. And he was after-ward elected secretary of the permanent State organizationŠthe Missouri Sabbath Association. THE Pearl of Days, the official organ of the American Sabbath Union, says:Š " It is worthy of note that in the discussion of the Sunday question by the secular press the divine prin-ciples underlying that question are often incidentally conceded. This may be unintentional; nevertheless, the lesson taught us is most suggestive. We see from this fact that the Sunday question, considered only in its economic relations, can never be wholly divested of its moral basis." It is also worthy of note, that, notwithstanding all of Field Secretary Crafts's twaddle about the civil Sabbath, that for which he and his co-labor- ers are working is the passage of a law which Mr. Crafts himself has declared " makes Sunday the ideal Sabbath of the Puritans; which day shall be occupied only by worship.", America notices the fact that the bill in the New York Assembly to repeal all laws giving school money to religious or sectarian institutions in that State, was defeated by a majority of only one, and says that the "fact that the opponents of the un-American system of denominational ap-propriations mustered half the Assembly, should be an encouragement to continue agitations until every sectarian tub in the United States is com-pelled to stand on its own faith and not upon the pockets of the tax-payers at large." This is, indeed, a consummation to be devoutly desired by all good citizens, but whether there are good grounds to hope for it or not is to be doubted. True, considerable feeling has been manifested during the past year against granting aid to Roman Catholic schools, but, on the other hand, there is quite a sentiment springing up among many so-called Protestants in favor of religious education in the public schools. And should this ever be rea'ized, it can only be made effective by a division of the school funds, such as has long, been asked for by the Catholics. So that while  the action of the New York State Legislature may be good ground for hope in one direction, the growth of the sentiment referred to gives reason to fear that in this matter of giving public aid to sectarian institutions the Papists will soon have powerful allies in the several Protestant denomi-nations which are advocating religious instruction in the public schools. Who Shall Be the Pope. IN his argument before the Senate Committee in favor of the Blair Amendment to the Consti-tution, putting the principles of the Christian re-ligion in the public schools, T. P. Stevenson, of the National Reform Association, argued, of course, in favor of it. In his speech he referred to the demand of the Catholic Church that the public school fund shall be divided, and denied the justice of the claim by arguing that,Š " The Roman Catholic Church . . . teaches . . . that the Roman pontiff . . . and the church of which he is the head, are the only author-itative interpreters of the Scriptures; and that since Nations are moral persons, and the questions they deal with are largely moral questions, the authority of the Pope extends over all Nations and Governments." With the exception of teaching the authority of that particular pope, this is precisely the teach-ing of the National Reformers, and of Mr. T. P. Stevenson himself. The fundamental principle of the whole National Reform scheme is that Na- tions are moral persons, and that they deal with moral questions. Now it is a fact that the Script- ures are the standard of morality. Whatever person or power, therefore, that has to deal with moral questions, has necessarily to do with the interpretation of Scripture; and whatever person or power that undertakes authoritatively to deal with moral questions, necessarily has to be the authoritative interpreter of Scripture. The Na- tional Reform Association declares that the Na-tion is a moral person, and proposes by an amend-ment to the Constitution of the United States to declare the right of the Nation authoritatively to deal with moral questions. When the time comes, the Nation by some means will just as certainly have to be the authoritative interpreter of the Scripture. And whether that authority of interpretation be lodged in the Supreme Court, or in a board of ecclesiastics, or in one single ecclesiastic, it is all the same, that authoritative interpreter is, to all intents and purposes, a pope. And that that authority should be seated in the Capitol of the United States, at Washington City, instead of in the Vatican, at the city of Rome, does not relieve the teaching of its essential in-iquity, and should not commend it any the more to -the American people. A pope is the inevita-ble logic of the proposition, whether it be taught by the Catholic Church or by the National Re- form Association; and it is no use for that Asso-ciation, or for the Protestants of this country generally, to deny the claims of the Catholic Church so long as they assert the principles upon which alone those claims are based. The only difference between the teaching of the Catholic Church and the National Reform Association on these questions is that the Catholic Church openly asserts, not only the principles, but the logic of the principles; while the National Reform Asso-ciation asserts the principles, and pretends to deny the logic of them. In other words, the Roman Catholic Church is consistent, while the National Reform Association is wholly in- consistent. A. T. J. Ł11 Ł 4. Bad Tactics. IN his argument before the Senate Committee in behalf of the amendment establishing religion in the public schools, February 15, 1889, Doctor Morris drew the line between " the evangelical church bodies on one side, and the Roman Cath-olics on the other." Then he said : " Now the fact that the public sentiment of the United States stands divided along the lines suggested, gives importance to the question as to the rela-tive strength of the two bodies." Then, in comparing the relative strength of the two bodies, he said : "According to the latest statistics, in the year 1886 the Roman Catholic population was 7,200,000. That estimate included every man, woman, and child of the Catholic faith in the United States of America at that time. . . . All their children are baptized into the church, and every person of the Roman Catholic faith is a member of the Roman Cath-olic Church, and is so enumerated and reported. . . . Along that line the Roman Catholics in 1886 were represented to be 7,200,000 citizens, including children. The evangelical population at that timeŠnot the church-membership simply, but the populationŠnumbered 42,646,279." Senator GeorgeŠ" Those figures, I suppose, are assuring to us politicians that in getting after the Catholics and all that sort of thing, we are not getting in a minority." Doctor MorrisŠ"W Well, sir, you are at liberty to make a very wise inference from the facts which are before you, without comment so far. And now that brings us to a consideration of the peril arising to the country from the method adopted by this minority, this acute, adroit, de-termined, and united minority, to accomplish their purposes. They seek to secure them not so much by the American method of intelligent agitation before the great jury of the public, pre-senting the facts and discussing the principles in the open light of broad day, but by political methods, at the handling of which they are adepts." 