NOVEMBER 1, 1804. A.MMIZAIC.AN  R.1H2,NrriLNIP-3_40 343 minister will probably have to serve a term in jail for picking up a few tent stakes on Sunday morning, one of these good people having been stationed to watch him. Truly, "justice standeth afar off; . . . and equity cannot enter."ŠAlien Moon, in Advent Review and Sabbath Herald. -.-- Š Significant Paragraphs. [We publish under this heading paragraphs more or less significant, without either approval or dissent, and without comment. The careful observer of the signs of the times will readily discern the pertinent facts and opinions, and will know how to turn them to account in the great controversy between truth and error. ] An Evil Disease Upon Them. OCCASIONALLY we have had occasion to condemn the misconduct of Methodist churches in the matter of improper exhi- bitions. This time we notice the follow-ing: " An Entertainment entitled Living Pictures Copied from Famous Paintings of the World and a very Amusing French Farce, will be Given in an Inclosed Tent for the Benefit of the Building Fund of the Fourth Presbyterian Church." This is in an Indiana city. A corrupting dis- ease seems to attack the churches indis-criminately. Let every genuine Christian frown upon its manifestations.ŠChristian Advocate, New York; Oct. 18. Whose Image Is Here? THE September issue of the Sunday Re-form Leaflets lets light upon the inside of the case of Private Cedarquist, who was released from punishment for refusing Sunday duty by order of President Cleve-land. The President was prompted to the action by the manager of the Sunday League, who, upon learning of the case, sent a vigorous letter calling Mr. Cleve-land's attention to it and calling for a re-mission of the penalty. The reasons for asking for the pardon were stated to be that Sunday target practice, which the man had refused, was a violation of the law of Nebraska, of Cedarquist's religious convictions, and of Christian civilization. The letter continues : " Since the Supreme Court of the United States decided in the `Holy Trinity' case on the 29th day of February, 1892, that `this is a Christian nation,' and said opinion, rendered by Justice Brewer, was concurred in by every other justice, the said Private Cedarquist had a right to expect that no regulation or requirements would be made in the army of this nation out of harmony with the general laws and customs of that type of Christianity which our history has illustrated." That is, this is a Christian nation; and we have a right to expect it to enforce that type of Christianity which we believe inŠthe Sunday institution. The leaflet goes on to state that " Presi-dent Cleveland was very prompt and vigorous in his attention to the case." But the circumstance proves clearly that the importance of Justice Brewer's decis-ion in its bearings on the fulfillment of prophecy, has not been overestimated. It is the sense of the National Reform party that by its decision the Supreme Court has placed Christian usages and institu-tions upon so strong a legal basis that the army must respect them, even in emer-gencies of civil law. Not only so, but the executive department fully coincides in this opinion, and leaps with alacrity at the opportunity thus to place itself on record. The Supreme Court being beyond appeal, the national Constitution and laws  being subject to its dicta, its 'sentiments upheld by a strong popular sentiment controlling the executive and legislative departments of the Government, who can withstand the force of its decrees ? The Supreme Court says the' this nation is built on Christian lines, i, is modeled after religious ideas, and bears the impress and superscription of the religion of its foundersŠIT is A CHRISTIAN NATION. The people shout, Amen; make it so. The President overleaps his prerogative in his anxiety to patronize public demand, and Congress was even more ready to respond to the call of the church. But a nation constructed on religious lines, bearing that impress, pledged to the maintenance of religious dogmas, and accepting the appellation of " Christian," is an exact image of the papacy. The Supreme Court says that all this is so. What more re-mains to make it so ?ŠAdvent Review and Sabbath Herald. Ritualistic Extremes in England. THERE seems to be abundant warrant for the existence of such a society in Eng-land as the National Protestant Church Union. Its main object is to antagonize the ultra ritualistic tendencies which pre-vail so widely in the Anglican Church. A memorial lately prIsented by this as-sociation to the English archbishops and bishops gives some startling facts. High-church service books are shown to contain teaching of the most un-Protestant and unscriptural sort. Confession, penance, and absolution; the mass and priestly sacrifices; the adoration of the Virgin Mary and prayers to the saintsŠthese are' among the doctrines and practices une-quivocally advocated. An extract is given regarding the communion, which suffi-ciently indicates the general tone : "When the priest begins the prayer, that which is on the altar is bread and wine. When the priest ends the prayer, that which is on the altar is Christ's body and blood; it .is Jesus; it is God. Who does this? The priest acting for 'Jesus in the power of the Holy Ghost." The tolerance which would make room in the same church for all shades of religious opinion becomes a reductio ad absurdum when it allows such undisguised popery as this under the shelter of so-called Protestantism.ŠThe Examiner, Baptist. SMITH'S DICTIONARY of the BIBLE. EDITED BY WM. SMITH, L.L.D. COMPRISING ITS ANTIQUITIES, BIOGRAPHY, GEOGRAPHY, AND NATURAL HISTORY. PRICE, $2.00. This work contains every name in the Bible respecting which anything can be said ; over 500 engravings, and is a complete guide to the pronunciation and significa-tion of scriptural names; the solution of difficulties of in-terpretation, authority, and harmony ; also a history and description of Biblical customs, manners, events, places, persons, animals, plants, minerals, etc., and comprises a most complete ency-clopedia of Biblical information. PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Bond Street, Ł New York City. BOOKS FOR THE CHILDREN. WE offer the following three books as the best of their kind we have been able to find. They are pro-fusely illustrated, and the stories are told in a very simple yet highly entertaining manner. The books cannot fail to be exceedingly helpful to children in an educational way, and should be found in every home :Š LITTLE FOLKS' BIBLE GALLERY Has nearly 100 pages, and contains 43 Bible stories, each illustrated with a full-page picture. Size, 7x9 inches, bound in board lithograph covers. Price, by mail, post-paid, - - $1.00 BIBLE PICTURES AND STORIES Has 45 full-page illustrations and an equal number of well-told BibleŁ stories. Same style and size as "LITTLE FOLKS' BIBLE GALLERY," and is really a companion volume to it. Price, post-paid, - A mother, than whom none can be more careful and particu-lar as to what her children have to read and study, speaking.  of these two little books, says: "Really it is a pity that any little child should not have the privilege of seeing these beauti ful full-page pictures and hearing the well-told stories." Both "LITTLE FOLKS' BIBLE GAL-LERY" and "BIBLE PICTURES AND STORIES" will be sent to one address, post- paid, for - - - - - - $1.75 The Good Shepherd : The Life of the Saviour for Children. Beautifully Illuminated Covers! Fifty-three Illustrations! Interesting Reading! Ninety-six pages, Large print, Cood paper, Strong binding. This book, which is 8x10+ inches and inch in thickness, tells the story of the life of Christ in a way that cannot fail to interest the little folks. It is exceptionally free from doctrinal errors, and should be in every family where there are children to be taught a Saviour's love. The illustrations add very much to its educational value. Price, only 50 cents. ADDRESS--- PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK CITY. CRUDEN'S CONCORDANCE, A DICTIONARY, And Alphabetical Index TO THE BIBLE. CLOTH, $1.25. SHEEP $2.50, ADDRESS, PACIFIC PRESS, 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK CITY. Kansas City. Mo. Oakland, Cal. 1R  1 PRISON LIGHT Edited byone sending the Third Angel's Message to the perishing in prisons all over the land. Agents wanted, 50 per cent. commission. Trial year 20 cents. Terms arid sample copy 2 cent stamp. Indorsed by the SENTINEL. PRISON LIGHT, 40 Green Street, Brattleboro, Vt. 