NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 3, 1898. NUMBER 43. VOLUME 13. society THE "old-fashioned" methods of reforming which some mod-ern preachers have outgrown, have not become antiquated with the Lord. society. cannot distinguish the interests of the individual citizen maintains the religious life of apart from the mass. "IF ANY MAN HEAR DIY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. MERE motion, even in a straight line, is not always has forgotten what it ought to have remembered, and progress. discovered what it ought never to have known. THE man who is careless of the truth is often very particular about error. WHEN the state interferes with conscience, it raises its hand against the only barrier between manhood and knavery. THE pressure of religious legislation always falls heaviest upon the person who refuses to be a hypocrite. -4  THE righteousness which is set up by the State, is by that fact depend-ent upon the state, and there-fore lacks the stable and per-manent charac-ter of true rightŁ eousness. THE founda-tion of all suc-cessful govern-ment is individ-u al self-govern-ment. SPEAKING to his congregation concerning the observance of the fourth commandment, the preacher says it doesn't matter about the particular day of the week; God isn't particular about that, but merely requires that we observe one day in seven, and this we do by observing the first day of the week. But an individual who chose to observe the seventh day of the week instead of the first, in har-mony with God's Sabbath law but contrary to man's, discovered that the particular day of the week was really a most important matter in the view of the upholders of the Sunday law. He found himself under arrest for not observing the particular day of the week "commonly called Sunday," and the preacher explained to him very positively that his arrest was altogether proper, because in not observ-, big that particular day he had desecrated the Sabbath. THERE is something very serious the mat-ter with the eye-sight of the gov-ernment when it ALL religious legislation is an effort to stagnate the current of re-ligious thought, the flow of which THE hardest place in the world with a clear con-science is more comfortable than the easiest place with-out it. THE State can exercise no power for the good of its people beyond that of protecting each individual in the enjoyment of his rights. IT requires neither education, wealth, nor political THE great trouble with the world to-day is that it influence to be a despot. ..• 411 THE INDEFINITE SABBATH AND THE DEFINITE SUNDAY. 