572 AMERICAN SENTINEL. The Holy Spirit and Sunday.ŠNo. 3. BY C. H. HESLAKE. THE Christian people who are laboring so earnestly to have Sunday enforced by law and regarded as the Sabbath day claim that Sunday is a divine institution, appointed by Jesus Christ, and so taught by the Holy Spirit. v. There are many others who are opposed to human laws for the enforcement of Sunday, who believe the same thing. Not only is this day said to be commanded by Jesus Christ, and so taught by the Holy Spirit, but it is now regarded as being the pivot upon which depends the gen-uineness of one's experience in Christianity. It is contended that Sunday is the "test of all reli-gion;" that he who "does not keep the Sabbath does not worship God;" and that he "who does not worship God is lost." While for many years the Sabbath has been regarded as an integral part of Christianity, it is only in recent years that it has been regarded as the test of Chris-tianity. Leaving out for the time being the question as to whether Sunday is or is not the Sabbath day, it cannot be denied that the Sabbath day is the test of the Chris-tian religion, and it must be acknowledged that he who does not keep the Sabbath does not worship God, and he who does not worship God is lost. While this has always been true concerning the Sab-bath day, the knowledge that this is so has not been prevalent until quite recently; for a long time this im-portant truth was lost sight of. Now that the time has come when this principle is being recognized, and everything now is centered in the Sabbath, it being the sign or mark of the genuine wor-ship, it is of paramount importance that the truth con-cerning the day of the Sabbath should be made known. Especially is this so when the Holy Ghost himself is held responsible for the doctrine that Sunday is the Sab-bath. As we have already seen, there must be perfect accord between Christ, "the Truth" (John 14:6); the Word of God, or Gospel, "the truth" (John 17:17), the law of God, "the truth" (Ps. 119:142) and the Holy Spirit, the "Spirit of Truth" (John 16:13); and the searcher after truth will find that they are in perfect accord. So patent is this truth that the leaders in the Sun day-law movement, when pressed for one single text in which the change of the Sabbath is recognized, have been compelled to confess there is no such text. But just now we will consider the work of the Holy Spirit as regards the change of the Sabbath. The promise of Christ was that when the Spirit of truth should come he would guide the believer into all the truth.  This promised gift of the Holy Spirit was fulfilled on the day of Pentecost. From that time all that is re-corded in the Acts of the Apostles, so far as the apostles themselves are concerned, with but one or two excep-tions, is the record of what the Holy Spirit accomplished in and through them. The Sabbath was as much then the sign of the true religion as it is now. When therefore so much depended upon it, why is it that the Holy Spirit did not-lead the apostles to teach that such an important event as the change of the Sabbath had taken place? When it is claimed, and justly too, that the Sabbath is the test of all religion, so that he who does not worship God is lost, why was the failure to announce the change of the Sabbath permitted? The answer is not hard to find. It is because no such change had nor could have taken place. The testimony of the Spirit of truth must be on the side of the aw of truth, and that law declares that the seventh day is the Sabbath. We are aware that some claim that it was impossible for it to be done then, as circumstances were such in the apostles' times that it would have been impossible to keep the new day. Those who claim this, also claim that the time when Christianity(?) had conquered the world, which was in Constantine's day, and the condi-tions had become quite favorable to the change, was the time that the change was promulgated. This is an admission fatal to the claims of our Sun-day friends that the Holy Spirit taught the change of the Sabbath. For he who has the least knowledge of church history knows that the apostasy of which the apostles spoke had taken place even before Constantine's time. And any change, even though such a thing were possible, would be too late then. Can the Holy Spirit bear witness to the Sunday law crusade? Can the Spirit of truth bear witness to that which is contrary to the law of truth ? In other words, can the Spirit of truth bear witness to that which is an untruth ?ŠNever. On the contrary, the Holy Spirit is bringing home to the consciences of men and women the fact that the seventh day is the Sabbath. From the word of God, from which no discordant voice can possi-bly come, the Holy Spirit is convincing men and women that no other day than the seventh can possibly be the Sabbath. Finding no helpŠno authority from the Word of God,Šthe friends of Sunday' are turning towards Rome. To their " beautiful mother" from whom they have been so long estranged, these Protestant daughters are re-turning. And again we repeat: for this the Roman Catholic Church has long waited; no one knows better than does she, that-her triumph is near at hand.. What this means for Protestants will be considered next. 1-0  THE purpose of Christianity is not realized in the death of any human being 