190 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL,. IVA:T*1 Ciatg..A.14 Itcliulolls Mom fissoGiation 0..,ssossaor Jusrre TO     mg)  I II we  ,— ..P..A.4EPASM:439 1114 -'4.1E AND VIE Dria,m. FOREV DEGUIRRTION OF PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit-ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on re-ligious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and hon-orable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil gov-ernment; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the ines-timable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES: 48 BOND ST., NEW YORK CITY. 219 5TH ST., S. E. WASHINGTON, D. C. 28 COLLEGE PLA.CE, CHICAGO, ILL. 18 POST Sr., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. 251 W. MAIN ST., BATTLE CREEK, MICH. C. ELDRIDGE, - Ł PRESIDENT. W. A. COLCORD, - SECRETARY. WE have been creditably informed that a petition is being quietly circulated in Battle Creeki  Michigan, to secure the closing of stores on Sunday. THE women of all Protestant churches in St. Paul, Minnesota, have begun a movement against Sunday amusements. The first attack will be made upon the Sunday theaters. -4-Ł A LOCAL organization to create senti-ment favoring Sunday legislation was formed at Du Quoin, Illinois, on May 10. The pastor of the Christian Church was elected president, and all the other pastors of the city, vice-presidents. Why not elect a few common citizens if the matter is wholly civil ? ON Sunday, May 24, two baseball clubs attempted to play a game near Cincinnati, Ohio, after they had received notice from the police that it would not be allowed, and after they had given their promise not to play. Both nines were arrested, and it is said that the adventure will cost them $1,600, besides fines and costs. THE Christian Statesman credits Dr. John H. Barrows, of Chicago, with say-ing that " the greatest boon to the Amer-ican workingman is the Sabbath, or rest day, which is the gift of American Chris-tianity." The Sabbath was instituted by Jehovah at the creation, and all well in-formed men know that the Sunday-rest day is the gift of papal Christianity, so if Dr. Barrows and the Christian Statesman desire a rest day, which shall be the in-dividual " gift of American Christianity " it is evident that they will have to choose  still a third day out of the seven. This ought to be definitely understood before the political parties are asked to insert it as a plank in their platforms at the nomi-nating conventions next year. A Sunday Law That Protects Snakes. Birmingham, Ala., May 30, 1891. EDITOR AMERICAN SENTINEL: Some time ago, I was employed to defend in the Criminal Court of this County a party, in-dicted by the Grand Jury and charged with shooting on Sunday. The evidence substantially showed thkt the defendant was the owner of a frame-building at Blossburg, near this city; that he rented this building to a family ; that on the premises near the buildingŠin the woods Šwas a water-spring, which furnished drink to the tenant and his family; that a moccasin snake was in the habit of crawl-ing near the spring, thus frightening 4ny person who desired to drink. Complaint was frequently made to the defendant about " His Snakeship," so, one Sunday morning (the only time he could leave his work), he takes his gun, goes to the spring, watches for the dangerous reptile and then deliberately kills it. On cross-examina-tion, the defendant was asked why he did not use a stick, and his reply was that he had previously done so, but it was unsuc-cessful except to frighten the snake away temporarily. I argued that the defendant was per-fectly justified in killing the reptile, but the Court fined the defendant $10 and costsŠaggregating about $40 to $50. Yours truly, RICH'D H. FRIES. e.  Why I Have Not Signed the Petition for Sunday Closing of the World's Fair. [Translated from Le Citoyen Franco-Americain.] BECAUSE I believe in religious liberty. Because I believe that all religious leg-islation is opposed to religious liberty. Because I am opposed to all religious rites and institutions being made obliga-tory by law. Because I believe the State can only legislate in the relations of man with man, and not in the relations of man with God; and the commandment says it " is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." Because I consider this appeal to law as tending toward a union of Church and State, and that it would soon open wide the gates to religious legislation and in-tolerance. Because religious legislation delivers religion to the mercy of the majority; and the majority has no right to decide the religious belief of the minority. Because the basis of liberty is the right to be of a different opinion, and that right should be held sacred. Because I detest that charity which would destroy liberty, and because the  fruits -of the gospel are abundant where there is religious liberty. Because I wish this " land of the free " to be preserved from the malefic influence of the religious tyranny which has made so many nations of the Old World suffer. Because I believe that religious legisla-tion is subversive of civil liberty as much as of religious, and that it constitutes a like danger to the State and to the Church.ŠThe false union kills the true. Because the State can not make Chris-tians; whenever it has undertaken it, it has been the ruin of nations. Because I believe all men are created equal, and that consequently they have the same right as I to worship God ac-cording to the dictates of their own con-sciences. Because in conformity to the Golden Rule I am disposed to accord to each one the same rights that I claim for myself. ARGUS. French Protestant College. " Songs of Freedom." THIS choice collection of Religious Lib-erty Songs is now ready. Sixty-four pages was the size first contemplated, but so much excellent matter came in that the size was changed to ninety-six pages, with prices at 30 cents, paper covers; 40 cents, boards; and 50 cents, flexible cloth. And still it grew, until it reached one hundred and twenty pages, upon which it was finally decided to issue the book in but two styles of binding, with prices as fol-lows : Heavy card-board manilla, with cloth joints, 35 cents; flexible cloth, with cloth joints, 50 cents. In lots of twenty or more, 5 cents less per copy. Postage or expressage prepaid. This work cannot fail to please all lovers of civil and religious liberty, and the price is exceedingly low for the size of the book and the quality of its contents. Address all orders to the National Re-ligious Liberty Association, 267 W. Main-St., Battle Creek, Mich. THE Treasurer of the National Religious Liberty Association, W. H. Edwards, re-ceived the following communication from a gentleman who, though busily engaged in the manufacture of brick and tile, not only finds time, but has an inclination to enlighten his Christian brethren on the important subject of civil and religious liberty and the dangers of religious legis-lation. The letter reads of follows :Š West Sunbury, Pa., March 12, 1891. MR. W. H. EDWARDSŠDear Sir: Last October I sent you one dollar to have my name enrolled as a member of the National Religious Liberty Associa-tion, for which I have your receipt dated October 28. Therefore I hope you will entrust me with leaf-lets and literature for distribution. I think I could do a good work in the Presbyterian Church of which I am a member. I was a subscriber to THE AMERICAN SENTINEL in Oakland, and ever since, and approve its teachings, all bukits leaning toward the seventh-day Sabbath. I shall look for litera-ture. 