MAY 4, 1898. -.7nN-r-rrN-i-i 139 amination of Rev. Mr. Roe. This gentle-man who testified that he was on his way to meeting, in company with his presiding elder, when he saw the defendant husking corn, was asked by Mr. Ringgold whether he was not carrying on his own regular work by which he earned his bread when he saw Mr. Judefind carrying on his reg-ular work and earning his bread and but-ter. After some hesitation Mr. Roe ad-mitted that he was engaged in his nsual occupation by which he earned his bread, but said that his duties were religious and that he consideredŠHere he was inter-rupted by Mr. Ringgold, who told him to confine himself to the facts, that the court could be relied upon to do the considering. The witness was very ill at ease, and the fact that the audience several times laughed at his discomfiture added to his confusion. As soon as the evidence was all in the reverend persecutor fled the court room and was seen no more. In his plea to the court Mr. Ringgold assailed the constitutionality of the law on the ground that it was in conflict with Article 36, of the Bill of Rights, which provides :Š That, as it is the duty of every man to worship God in such manner as he thinks most acceptable to him, all persons are equally entitled to protec-tion in their religious liberty; wherefore, no per-son ought, by any law, to be molested in his person or estate on account of his religious persuasion or profession, or for his religious practice, unless under color of religion any man shall disturb the good order, peace, or safety of the State, or shall infringe the laws of morality, or injure others in their natural, civil, or religious rights. The court remarked that it was not in evidence that Mr. Judefind's work had anything to do with his religion, but Mr. Ringgold replied that that was not neces-sary, inasmuch as the purpose of the law was clearly to secure the recognition of a religious institution it was an interfer-ence with the rights of the individual whatever his religious convictions might be; that the purpose of the Bill of Rights clearly was to leave every man absolutely free, not only to believe as he pleased in religious matters, but to practice as he saw fit so long as he did not disturb "the good order, peace, or safety of the State," or "infringe the laws of morality, or injure others in their natural, civil, or religious rights." That ordinary, quiet Sunday work does not properly come under any of these exceptions was clearly shown. The ob-servance or non-observance of Sunday is not a moral question in the legal sense of that word, but is a religious question. That is the moral aspect of the question must depend wholly on the religious views of the individual. A point was also made against the law on the ground of its un-certainty. What are works of necessity and charity which are excepted by the statute ? On this point Mr. Ringgold read the case of Lyon v. Strong, 6 Vt., 236, as follows :Š The statute excepts all acts of necessity and charity. These are lawful, and who is to judge what are such ? If the jury, it will depend on the religious opinions of each jury, and of course be pregnant with the utmost uncertainty. If the court, as matter of law, then it will nearly convert a bench of laymen, into an ecclesiastical council, for " necessity" and charity in connection with, the Sabbath must very much depend upon the creed or religious belief of the individual to whom the ques-tion is submitted . . . How ungracious for a court to mark the law upon this duty for all de-nominations to be governed by and with judges usually belonging to different religious societies. It would be like a synod composed of the dignitaries of several sects. Th,e points, however, which seemed most to impress the judges were that the in-formation did not charge a crime under the statute, and that the writ was served on Sunday. On the first of these it was urged that inasmuch as the statute ex-_ cepts certain kinds of work, or rather work done for certain reasons, it is not enough to charge that one has worked on Sunday but that the work was not a work of necessity or charity, or that it was done contrary to the statute. On the second point the court was shown that the statute itself forbids arrests on Sunday except for treason, felony, or breach of the peace. But however much the court was im-pressed at the moment, the effect was not lasting, for after some delay, owing to the illness of one of the judges, the de-cision of the magistrate's court was af- firmed, with costs above and below; and on refusal to pay the fine and costs the defendant was sent to jail for sixty days. The court further held that Sunday laws do not infringe personal rights, and that the issuing and serving of the writ on Sunday did not affect the case, notwithstanding the fact that an old English statute (29 Car. II., c. 7), now a part of the law of Maryland, provides that " no arrest can be made, nor process served upon Sunday, except for treason, felony, or breach of the peace." Just how the court got around this provision we are not in-formed, but it was probably by adopting the view urged by the State's attorney, that by appearing before the magistrate that functionary acquired jurisdiction of the person of the defendant, notwithstand-ing the fact that the service was irregu-lar. Just how Mr. Judefind could have avoided making an appearance when he was under arrest and without counsel to advise him of his rights, neither the State's attorney nor the court undertook to explain. The fact is that unlike all other statutes, Sunday laws can be de-feated, ordinarily, neither by pleading constitutional rights, statutory provi-sions, nor technical defects in their ad-ministration. However, this decision is so manifestly unjust, illogical and with-out legal warrant, that it ought to be tested in the Supreme Court, and we hope that it will be. Before this comes under the eye of the reader another case of similar nature will have been tried before the same court at Centreville, Queen Anne's County, Md. And these cases are only the beginning of what will certainly be a bitter persecu-tion under the Maryland Sunday law. Thomas Jefferson's words, " A single zealot may commence persecution, and better men be his victims," is being veri- fied in Maryland. Jefferson, forseeing that the spirit of intolerance, which, dur-ing the Revolutionary period was held in check, would revive, desired to have all religious laws swept from the statute books. He was not willing that they should remain even as dead letters to be revived at any time by partizan zeal. In his " Notes on Virginia " he said:Š The spirit of the times may alter, will alter. Our rulers will become corrupt, our people careless. A single zealot may commence persecution, and bet-ter men be his victims. It can never be too often repeated, that the time for fixing every essential right on a legal basis is while our rulers are honest, and ourselves united. From the conclusion of this war we shall be going down hill. It will not then be necessary to resort every moment to the people for support. They will be forgotten, therefore, and their rights disregarded. They will forget themselves, but in the sole faculty of making money, and will never think of uniting to effect a due respect for their rights. The shackles, there- fore, which shall not be knocked off at the conclu-sion of this war, will remain on, us long, will be made heavier and heavier, till our rights shall re-vive or expire in a convulsion. This is exemplified in Maryland to-day. Sectarian zeal and bigotry have set in mo-tion the machinery of the law to oppress and harass an opposing sect, and thus the State becomes a party to a religious persecution similar to that in Tennessee. Like laws and similar possibilities exist in other States, and indeed in various forms and in greater or less degree in almost every State in the Union, and will, ac-cording to the natural course of events as indicated by the history of the past and by the sure word of prophecy, culmi-nate in the utter extinction of our liber-ties, as predicted by Jefferson a century ago. C. P. B. A MATTER OF CONSCIENCE. A CASE OF UNUSUAL CHARACTER IN THE CIRCUIT COURT. A Seventh-day Adventist on Trial for Work-ing on SundayŠHis Attorney Sets Up the Defense that to Forbid Him to do so In-fringes His Religious LibertyŠIt Appears that the Warrent in the Case was Both Is-sued and Served on SundayŠSome Impor-tant Legal Points Involved in the Case. VERY wide-spread interest has been taken in this community in the case of the State against J. W. Judefind, a Seventh-day Adventist, which was tried on appeal from Justice Wilkins, last week in our Circuit Court under a charge of working on Sunday. The interest was due partly to the fact that no similiar prosecution has been undertaken in this county for many years, and partly to the fact that the defendant was a member of a religious denomination which has been making many converts recently in Kent County, and which entertains peculiar and pro-nounced views in regard to the nature of Sunday laws and to their constitutionality in this country. The case assumed still more importance because it is one of a number which have recently arisen in various parts of the country, and have engaged the special at-tention of a largo and influential body known as the International Religious Liberty Association, which has under-taken to test the validity of Sunday laws to the utmost, wherever their enforcement is attempted, and has employed Mr. James T. Ringgold, of the Baltimore Bar, author of a work on " The Law of Sunday," an earnest opponent of Sunday laws, as coun-sel to defend such cases as they arise from time to time. Mr. Ringgold was seen by a Transcript reporter at the Voshell House last week, and explained himself and friends in this matter substantially as fol-lows :Š " I am very much obliged to you, sir, for calling on me, as I am a newspaper man myself, both by virtue of my first love and considerable experience, and I have a particular pleasure in talking with Maryland members of the fraternity, be-cause I used to publish a newspaper that included every journal in the State in its list of exchanges. Another thingŠa man gets a chance in a matter of this sort to do more real good for a good cause through an informal talk with a press representa-tive than he does by trying a case in court. I am not myself a member of the Seventh-day Adventist communion, nor do I rep- resent the organization directly. My connection is with the International Reli- 