122 A.AMILICA,N VoL. 11, No. 16. render my conscience bound by the word of God, I cannot and I will not retract, for it is unsafe for a Christian to speak against his conscience. Here I stand, I can do no other ; may God help me. Amen. Never before had the old city of Worms been stirred by such words. The most impor-tant declaration of independence since that of the apostles: " We ought to obey God rather than men," had been given to the world. The Protest of the Princes at Spires five years later was simply the response of German man-hood to the reformer's declaration of the in-dividual's duty to God and of his consequent right to pay his highest allegiance to him only. Rome was baffled! She had demanded un-qualified submission only to hear her author-ity boldly challenged. The power of con-science was declared to be above the civil magistrate, and the word of God above the visible church. " The sword of the Spirit which is the word of God " had been unsheathed against an apostate church, and though she might take the life of the warrior who thus wielded it, she could not destroy the weapon which had power in itself to continue the warfare; nor could she again fetter the human mind enlightened with divine wisdom. The word of God once locked in dead languages and chained to convent walls was now to be un-fettered that it might accomplish in other minds and hearts the revolution it had wrought in Luther's bosom. "Not by might, nor by power, but by my Spirit, saith the Lord of hosts." " He is a freeman, whom the truth makes free, And all are slaves beside. There's not a chain, That hellish foes, confederate for his harm, Can wind around him, but he casts it off With as much ease as Sampson his green withes." * The Wartburg. From Worms Luther went to the Wartburg, not indeed by his own volition, but neverthe-less providentially. May 25, 1521, he was placed under the ban of the empire. But his safe conduct protected him. The next day he left Worms as though to return to Witten-burg. On his journey he was seized by his friends and was carried to the Wartburg, a castle near Eisenach, where he remained until March of the following year. But the Reformer was not idle in his retire-ment. "Luther's residence at the Wartburg," remarks Dr. Schaff, " marks the second pe-riod of his reformatory activity." For a time his enemies thought him dead, but they were soon undeceived. It was in the Wartburg that Luther translated the New Testament into German, which more than anything else contributed to make the Reformation perma-nent. Here too he wrote those tracts which so stirred Germany, and which were like barbed arrows in the sides of the Papacy. It is because of the work done within its walls for soul-liberty that the Wartburg is to-day a household word, while many more pretentious and in their day more noted castles are for-gotten. The eternal years of God belong to truth, and he who would make an everlasting name must identify himself with the incarnate "Word which liveth and abideth for ever," for He is the embodiment of truth. " With our own strength we naught can do, Destruction yawns on every side: He fights for us, our champion true, Elect of God to be our guide. What is his name? The anointed One, The God of armies he; Of earth and heaven the Lord alone---With him, on field of battle won, Abideth victory." t # Cowper. t Luther. "REASONABLE LIBERTY OF CONSCIENCE." THE confusing and misleading use com-monly made of the phrase " liberty of con-science " in the forum of public address, is illustrated by the following from the New York World of April 9:Š The simple fact is that the Sunday laws of this State are infringements upon the just and reasonable liberty of the citizen, and as such they ought to be repealed. In recognition of this proper demand the Republicans at the last election promised German and other voters in this city that they would so mod-ify these laws as to permit a reasonable liberty of conscience. Instead of doing so they have enacted an excise law which further and most intolerably restricts liberty of personal conduct. Liberty of conscience is something which does not enter into the turbid strife of saloon politics. It has nothing in common with the " liberty" which some men desire, to drink freely of intoxicating liquors. No person ever conscientiously desired full freedom to indulge his appetite for intoxicants. His conscience, if not too benumbed by dissipa-tion, told him to refrain from such indul-gence. To invoke the name of conscience in behalf of perverted appetite, is the merest sham. The sacred rights of conscience do not keep company with Bacchus and his troop. It is commonly considered that the use of intoxicating liquors as a beverage ought to be guarded by "reasonable" restrictions; but this has nothing to with liberty of conscience. " Reasonable " liberty of this kind is nothing short of perfect liberty, such as God himself has given to all men. No man or organization of men has any business to restrict human freedom in this respect. We protest against any use of the phrase which tends to associate and connect liberty of conscience in men's minds with that which is properly subject to the restrictions of human legislation. THE PAPACY AND INTERNATIONAL ARBI-TRATION. THREE leading representatives of the Papacy in three separate countries of ChristendomŠCardinals Gibbons, Vaughan, and Logue, have put forth to the world a plea for the estab-lishment of an international court of arbitra-tion, which shall be a permanent body for the decision of international controversies. This plea comes as the result of a conference on the subject between the said cardinals, and is worded thus:Š We the undersigned cardinals, representatives of the Prince of Peace and of the Catholic Church in our respective countries, invite all who hear our voice to cooperate in the formation of a public opinion which shall demand the establishment of a permanent tribunal of arbitration, as a rational substitute among the English speaking races for a resort to the bloody arbitrament of war. We are well aware that such a project is beset with practical difficulties. We believe that they will not prove to be insuperable if the desire to overcome them be genuine and general. Such a court existed for centuries, when the nations of Christendom were united in one faith. And have we not seen nations appeal to that same court for its judgment in our own day ? The establishment of a permanent tribunal, com-posed, may be, of trusted representatives of each sov-ereign nation, with power to nominate judges and umpires according to the common acceptance of gen-eral principles defining and limiting the jurisdiction and subject matter of such a tribunal, would create new guarantees for peace that could not fail to influ-ence the whole of Christendom. We do not hesitate on our part to lift up our united voice and proclaim to all who are accustomed to hearken to our counsels that it is a sign of a divine influence at work in their midst when "nation shall not lift up sword against nation, neither shall they  be exercised any more in war" (Isa. 2:4), for it was written of a future time, " Come ye and behold the work of the Lord, what wonders he bath done upon the earth, making wars to cease even unto the end of the earth." Ps. 46:8, 9. Others may base their appeal upon motives which touch your worldly interests, your prosperity, your world-wide influence and authority in the affairs of men. The Catholic Church recognizes the legiti-mate force of such motives in the natural order, and blesses whatever tends to the real progress and eleva-tion of the race. But our main ground of appeal rests upon the well-known character and will of the Prince of Peace, the living Founder, the divine Head of Christendom. It was he who declared that love for the brotherhood was a second commandment like unto the first. It was he who announced to the people the praise and reward of those who seek after peace and pursue it. "Blessed," said he, "are the peacemakers, for they shall be called the children of God." Matt. 5:9. We therefore earnestly invite all to unite with us in pressing their convictions and desires upon their respective governments by means of petitions and such other measures as are constitutional. JAMES CARDINAL GIBBONS, Archbishop of Baltimore. MICHAEL CARDINAL LOGUE, Archbishop of Armagh. Primate of all Ireland. HERBERT CARDINAL VAUGHAN, Archbishop of Westminster. It is not at all strange .that the Papacy should thus make its voice heard in the mat-ter of international arbitration. It would be difficult to find a matter widely affecting or concerned with public interests in which the Papacy is not " in evidence." As the appeal states, such a court of arbitration once ex-isted, in days of which the Papacy has fond remembrance. That court was a conclave of papal prelates, with the Pope at its head. And so far as existence is concerned, it is sit-ting yet; but since the Reformation it has found its occupation gone. The three car-dinals, Gibbons, Vaughan, and Logue, would doubtless be willing to see this long-lost func-tion of the Papacy revived. But when we look at the history of the centuries during which the Papacy was inter-national arbitrator, we are by no means as-sured of its utility as a preserver of the peace. We find that international wars and factional quarrels abounded on every hand, which drenched Europe in blood; and this notwith-standing the fact cited in this appeal that "the nations of Christendom were united in one faith." Their "faith" was not of a kind which made them peaceable. And indeed, there is strong reason to believe that so far from acting as a peacemaker among the na-tions, the Papacy, through her instruments the Jesuits, stirred up international strife whenever it was deemed that her interests would be promoted thereby. Doubtless this papal court is as willing as ever to act as international arbitrator. Noth-ing would do more to elevate the Papacy to her lost position of worldly preeminence. And there is much that favors the scheme. As stated in the appeal, the establishment of a permanent court of international arbitration is a project "beset with practical difficulties," and these difficulties might be found so great that it would be deemed better to accept the services of this court already established, which has officiated in the proposed ca-pacity in times past, and whose offices in this line are sought by some of the nations to-day. There can, of course, be nothing more de-sirable than that wars should cease unto the ends of the earth; but unfortunately, there is very little real indication that the "Christian" nations of the world will be willing from prin-ciple to submit their differences to any court of arbitration. The spectacle of the strong nations tyrannizing over and absorbing the weak, the "Christian" powers Whig to take 