362 A.MI1EELICA.NT SIENT1IINT VOL. 10, No. 46. It requires no argument whatever to show that such so-called laws are violative of human rights. There is no reason whatever why the person who wishes to purchase any legitimate article of trade upon Sunday should not have the privilege of doing so. And there is just as little reason why anyone who wishes to sell such an article should not be permitted to sell it; There is absolutely no reason except the supposed religious character of the day, for prohibiting the selling of anything On Sun-day. Judge Kent, of this State, held in 1811 that " the statute considers the violation of the first day of the week as immoral."' In 1877 it was held as a doctrine that might be considered as settled that by legislative act " Sunday may be protected from desecration."' While Judge Kent, in the same case previously referred to, held that the Sunday statute of New York " is only a continuation in substance of the law of the colony, which declared that the profanation of the Lord's day was a great scandal of the Christian faith." So that in New York State, as in most other States, the statute forbidding labor and business upon the first day of the week, rests upon a distinctly religious basis. Now it is clearly either the duty of the State to protect religion as such, or it is not the duty of the State to protect it. If it be the duty of the State to protect religion and reli-gious institutions, what possible justification can there be for permitting the sale of manu-factured tobacco and confectionery upon Sun-day, or even of fruits? None whatever. On the other hand, if it is not the duty of the State to protect Sunday as a religious institu-tion, upon what possible grounds can the sate of any legitimate article of trade be prohibited on Sunday ? And in any event what possi-ble ground can there be for prohibiting the sale of soda water and other like drinks while the sale of confectionery and man-ufactured tobacco is permitted? For instance, many druggists sell both cigars and soda-water. Under the law of New York, as it stands at the present time, a druggist could legally sell drugs, surgical appliances, and.  manufactured tobacco, but he would be liable to arrest and fine if he sold a glass of soda-water or mineral water, or any other harmless drink. These facts are cited simply to show that the Sunday " law" of New York, which is no worse than the Sunday " laws" of other States, is unnatural and illogical, and invades inalien-able rights instead of protecting them. This so-called law is therefore no law at all in fact, for it rests not upon the law of nature, but its enactment and enforcement are alike dan-' gerous usurpations of power which ought not to be countenanced by a free people. THE "AUTHORITY" FOR SUNDAY. THE Independent (New York), of Nov. 7, contains a symposium on the Sunday question, in which prominent writers of various denom-inations participate. It will be interesting to one candidly seeking for information on the question of the authority for Sunday as a day of rest, to note the divergent and contra-dictory positions taken by those thus se-lected to speak for Christendom in the matter of Sunday observance; each one speaking, as he does, for the church of which he is an adherent. It would seem that in the face of such a divergance of opinion respecting the nature and claims of the Sunday institution on the part of those supposed to be the best informed in the matter, and the most capable I People vs. Ruggles, 8 Johns 290. g Nauendorff vs. Duryea, 69 N. Y. 557. of judging correctly, if for no other reason, some latitude might be allowed people in shaping their own conduct in the matter of Sunday observance. Such, however, is not the case, so far as the " law" is concerned ; that prescribes how each and every one shall act on Sunday ( no matter how he may think) in order to show a due regard for the day. If he has any latitude in the matter, it is that which he takes himself, in disregard of the "law." We will note briefly some of the statements made by these different contributors to the fund of general information concerning the authority for Sunday observance. Cardinal Gibbons states the Roman Catholic position, which is that Sunday as a religious day rests on the authority of "the church." He says: "'The church desires us on that day to be cheerful, without dissipation, grave and religious without sadness and melancholy. She forbids, indeed, all unnecessary servile work on that day; but as `the Sabbath was made for man, and not man for the Sabbath,' she allows such work whenever charity or necessity may demand it. And as it is a day consecrated not only to religion, but also to relaxation of mind and body, she permits us. to spend a portion of it in innocent recrea-tion." Talbot W. Chambers, D. D., attempts to find a scriptural foundation for observing the day as the Sabbath. He says that the Scrip-tures nowhere teach the abolition of that law of which the Sabbath is a part, or the aboli-tion of the Sabbath alone; that the institution still rests, therefore, upon the authority of the fourth commandment; but that " the change of the day leaves the fourth command-ment unimpaired," so "that the precept will be found to apply to our day as well as to the old economy." As to the authority for the change, he admits that " there is no direct precept," but says that " we hold that there is a clear implication of divine authority in the fact that on the day of his resurrection our Lord appeared five different times to his disciples, that precisely a week afterward he appeared again to the eleven, that Pentecost occurred on the first day of the week, that the church at Troas assembled for worship on the first day (Acts 20:7), that Paul enjoined the Galatian and Corinthian churches to 'lay by in store' on that day for charitable purposes (1 Cor. 16: 2), and the Apostle John received the wondrous visions of the Apocalypse on the Lord's day' (Rev. 1:10), which could have been no other than the Christian rest-day." But the " implication " which rests upon these seeming'y substantial grounds is far from "clear," even were such an implication a sufficient basis for faith, which it is not. For,- 1. It was but natural that the risen Saviour in his love and pity for his grief-stricken and bewildered followers, should show himself to them immediately after his resurrection. There could be no reason for leaving them in their despair even for a day, and there is no hint that the Saviour had any other purpose in this than that of reviving their joy and their faith. 2. There is no scripture which states that " precisely a week " afterward he appeared again to the eleven; the record is that his appearance was "after eight days." As there are but seven days in a week, how it was that he appeared after eight days from the day on which he rose, and still precisely one week from that day, is a mystery which only the necessity of finding proof where there is none can enable any mind to comprehend. 3. Pentecost did not occur on the first day of the week, but on the seventh, being the  fiftieth day from the Passover (Lev. 23:5, 10, 15, 16), which in the year of Christ's cruci-fixion came on Friday. The Passover lamb was a type of the "Lamb of God." Horatio B. Hackett, D.D., LL.D., an eminent Bap-tist scholar and author on biblical subjects, says that " it is generally supposed that this Pentecost, signalized by the outpouring of the Spirit, fell on the Jewish Sabbath, our Satur-day."* 4. The fact that the church at Troas assem-bled on the first day of the week to break bread, furnishes no proof of the sanctity of that day, for the early Christians engaged very frequently in this ordinance. 5. There is no scriptural connection be-tween the act of regularly laying by money for the poor and the observance of the Sab-bath. Both are Christian acts, but the former is appropriate on any day of the week. 6. The " Lord's day " is, by the authority of Scripture, the seventh day of the week,Šthe Sabbath.f Following this attempt by Mr. Chambers to find the institution of Sunday rest established upon the fourth commandment, or a "clear implication " of such a thing, Prof. J. Henry Thayer, D.D., of Harvard University Divinity School, sets forth that "the Sabbath is an integral and distinctive part of Judaism; and Judaism for the Christian is antiquated and abrogated' by Christianity; " and that conse-quently there is no Sabbath law for Christians. "For a Christian man," he says, " there is no `law of Sabbath;' (1) because the Sabbath is a Jewish institution; (2) because the Chris-tian is free from the obligations of the Jewish law; and (3) because the teaching and prac-tice of the Christian Church for centuries in-disputably and abundantly substantiates these positions." But it is a question whether those whose teaching and practice " substantiated " such positions, were at any time during those centuries more harmonious or scriptural in their Sabbath views than are the theologians of the present day. Thus we are told (1) that the first-day sab-bath rests upon the authority of " the [Catg-olic] church;" (2) that it rests upon the au-thority of the fourth commandment; and (3) that the fourth commandment and all the rest have passed away with Judaism, and that there is no law of the Sabbath for Christians, since they are "not under the law." Prof. Th. Lahn, of the University of Erlangen, is equally positive that Sunday cannot be re-garded as a continuation of the " Jewish Sab-bath," and says that " it never entered the minds of the Christians of the first three centuries . . . to call it [Sunday] the Sab-bath. Not until the fourth and fifth centur-ies do we find the beginnings of this way of regarding the subject." From other contributors we learn how far the modern practice of various countries of Europe is in harmony with these conceptions of the day; also what legislation there has been on the subject in the United States, and what (in the view of some) we ought to have both in legislation and practice at the present time. The one writer whose statements re-garding the nature and foundation of the Sabbath are sustained by scripture and by reason, is A. H. Lewis, D. D., Seventh-day Baptist, whose argument is not for Sunday at all, but for the seventh day. If from all this there is anything clear, it is that any scheme to compel all persons to act alike in the matter of Sabbath observance, is contrary to justice and common sense, and can only succeed in making hypocrites. And * See his " Commentary on the Original Text of the Acts," pp. 50, 51. See Ex. 20: 8-11; Isa. 58:13: Mark 2:27, 28. 