332 ..A,A111 laJLcCAN VoL. 11, No. 42. that it is part and parcel of the common law.. . . - " The whole history of Christianity shows that she is in far greater danger of being cor-rupted by the alliance of power, than of being crushed by its opposition. Those who thrust temporal sovereignty upon her treat her as their prototypes treated her Author. They bow the knee, and spit upon her; they cry, " Hail!" and smite her on the cheek; they put a scepter in her hand, but it is a fragile reed; they crown her, but it is with thorns; they cover with purple the wounds which their own hands have inflicted on her; and inscribe magnificent titles over the cross on which they have fixed her to perish in ig-nominy and pain."ŠEssay on Southey's Col-loquies. "THE CHRISTIAN CITIZENSHIP CONVEN- TION." BY A. F. BALLENGER. ME 10th annual convention of the New Jersey Young People's Society of Christian Endeavor was held at Plainfield, October 7-9. Thursday evening, October 8, was devoted to "Good Citizenship." Governor John W. Griggs was advertised as one of the speakers, but he sent a letter stating that the political interests of the presidential campaign would prevent him from attending. Dr. Scudder, a Congregational minister of Jersey City, spoke in his place, followed by Rev. A. C. Dixon, of Brooklyn, a Baptist minister. Thege speakers were preceded by the report of the work of the department of "Christian Citizenship." This report stated that every county in the State had been permeated with "Christian citizenship" ideas, and that the influences of the organization had made them-selves felt in a number of large cities in pro-curing certain reforms. It was declared that what was being done for the State of New Jersey was being done by the organization for every State and Territory in the Union where the Christian Endeavor movement had been organized. Many of the statements made by the speak-ers were astounding. They boldly declared that the idea that the minister of the gospel should confine himself to preaching the sim-ple gospel was an old fogy idea now out of date. It was declared that from this time on the pulpit was to be a potent factor in poli-tics, and that the organization expected to unite the "Christian vote" and use it to bring politicians to terms. It was stated that the time would soon come when politicians would humble themselves in the dust before the preachers. It was said that as the pilgrims first landed on their knees and then on the aborigines, so to-day the preachers after land-ing on their knees would land on the political aborigines who refuse to carry out the wishes of the organization. It was stated that as God sent hornets among the Canaanites, so the preachers of to-day were to be hornets that would sting the representatives of evil and drive them from the land. It was de-clared that the man who was too pious to vote should be sent to the penitentiary. The sen-timent was often repeated that the object of this -"Good citizenship" movement was to fulfill the Lord's Prayer, and bring the king-dom of heaven to this earth. The en-forcement of Sunday laws was one of the principal measures advocated to bring this about. The writer has attended numerous National  Reform conventions and has noticed the lack of enthusiasm and attendance at such meet-ings. He has wondered how it was that the rank and file of the popular churches was ever to be interested in this movement; but now it is all plain. Through this Christian Endeavor movement the leaven of National Reform is pervading all Christendom. The National Reform Association has succeeded in inoculating the Christian Endeavor Society with its virus, and the disease is spreading with marvellous rapidity. The leaders themselves declare that they are astonished at the rapidity with which this movement is going. The International Religious Liberty Asso-ciation placed upon the chairs of the conven-tion 1,500 copies of the little tract, "How Shall We Reform Society," which is made up of, quotations from prominent representatives of the several denominations, warning the people against this very movement. It is believed that the little message of warning will bear fruit in some honest hearts who lis-tened to the convention addresses, contrary in tone and spirit to the principles of the gospel and the sentiments of church leaders in times past. Never in the history of this Church and State movement was there such a need for vigilance, for earnest, energetic, prompt ad-vocacy of the principles of liberty, as there is to-day. Never has there been so serious a menace of what there is left of the liberties of the American people, as is to be found in this Christian Citizenship, movement within the Christian Endeavor Association. The movement is in the hands of earnest, and in many cases, conscientious young people, who are fired with youthful zeal and with the idea that. their cause is just and the only method by which the wrongs of the present day can be righted and the kingdom of God set up in the earth. The reader will readily see that this vast company of young people, actuated with the idea that they are to be instrumental in setting up the kingdom of Christ on the earth and ushering in a reign of peace, will be terribly in earnest. Let the friends of religious liberty awaken to the needs of the hour and come up to "the help of the Lord against the mighty." Ł 41. Ł THE SUNDAY " LAW " IN MAINE. [From the Portland Post, October 6.] MAX GINS B ERG' was arraigned before Judge Robinson in the Municipal Court yesterday, charged with keeping open shop on the Lord's day. He pleaded not guilty. City Solicitor Chapman appeared as his counsel. Mr. Chapman read from the Declaration of Rights in the constitution of Maine to sup-port his position, showing that all men have a right to worship God according to their conscience, and that the Jewish Sabbath is Saturday. Officer Frank testified that he went to this place and found Ginsberg fitting out a ped-dler. The door was closed and the curtains were drawn, He didn't see any clothes or goods sold or delivered. The officer neither saw nor heard any disturbance about the premises. He testified that he saw seven or eight people in there, one of whom he recog-nized as being Mattson, a peddler. As near as he could remember, the people in the store were all,Hebrews. Officer. Morse corroborated Officer Frank's story, except the part about the curtains, a matter he did not remember. Mr. Chapman in his defense cited cases of farmers performing their labors on Sunday, and claimed that his storekeeper, a wholesaler, so long as he honestly observed his Sabbath, had a right to do business upon the day that we call the Sabbath, provided that he did not disturb the peace of the public, and the only evidence to show that there was any disturb-ance to the peace of mind of the good people on India Street on a Sunday was the fact that the window curtains of his store were down and the saloon-keepers down the street were ready for business. Judge Robinson said that he saw no reason why he should change his decision made a week or so ago on a similar case, and fined the respondent t5 and costs. An appeal was entered and bonds furnished, and the case will be fought. Ł SUNDAY LAWS LAWS VS. LIBERTY. RELIGIOUS liberty is guaranteed to every one within their jurisdiction by the fundamental laws of nearly all the States. It follows that in those States, and upon this the highest legislative authority, Chris-tianity itself is not a part of the law of the land. The constitution of the State of Tennessee reads as follows: "That all men have a nat-ural and indefeasible right to worship Al-mighty God according to the dictates of their own conscience. That no human authority can, in any case whatever, control or interfere with the rights of conscience; and that no preference shall ever be given by law to any religious establishment or mode of wor-ship." Hon. Don M. Dickinson says: "It is not true that in a Christian country any mere dogmas of one sect of Christians, though con-curred in by all other sects of Christians, ex-cept one, can be set up as a legal rule of mo-rality, decency and social order, binding on the dissenting sect, however small the dissent-ing minority." In legislation upon the subject in most of the States care is taken to except from the operation of the Sunday laws those who con seientiously keep the seventh day of the week.  (Saturday) as a holy day. Inasmuch as the adherents of all religions are political equals in this country and may vote and hold office, it is conceivable that in some States those citizens who believe that Saturday should be respected as a holy day, may be in the majority, and then enact legis-lation, valid under such reasoning as now sustains the Sunday laws, setting apart Sat-urday as the day of rest. Would not all good Christians who observe Sunday in those States denounce such an en-actment as decidedly oppressive? This illustration should make luminous to all the application of the Golden Rule in the matter of the present Sunday legislation. There should be no laws upon the statute books which in their enforcement conflict with the religious convictions of any citizen within the sphere -of civility, for the simple - reason that such laws often become instru-ments of religious persecution. All Sunday statutes should be universally amended so that no man may be punished or harassed under them when conscientiously attempting to obey the divine command, "six days shalt thou labor," whether he keeps the first or the seventh day of the week. Hon. Thomas M. Cooley, the great author-ity on constitutional law, said: "This is a 