348 A.10"1101GEICA.N    V01. 1], No. 44       they do not believe ? Is ita right use orthe freedom and tolerance so many of our fathers purchased with their life's blood ? We lay great stress upon our liberty of conscience, but have not they equal right to equal lib-erty ? Whether their belief be right or wrong in no way affects the issue. Neither is it a question of majority or minority, but of jus-tice and tolerance. If ninety-nine per cent. vote in favor of religious instruction in State schools, its enforcement is quite as immoral as if but one per cent. were in favor of it. Once you admit the right of the majority to rule in religious matters, whatever religion happens to be in the ascendant will have the right to enforce its tenets on the community by State aid. After all, it is the old heresy, that you can make a nation' religious by act of parliament. It has been tried down the centu-ries in various forms, but always with the same resultŠignomin-ious failure. Now, consider these six propo-sitions, which are based on some of our most sacred principles, a n d you will see what your duty is in the present crisis Što maintain in all its integrity and purity the heritage of free-dom handed down to us by the fidelity and sacri-fice of our fa-thers. The fact that Baptists have contributed more perhaps to the cause of re- ligious freedom than any other denomin-ation, except the Quakers, ought to be a sufficient inspiration to resist to the utmost the attempt now made to undermine our principles by the plausible pretext of an " Irish Text Book." Admit the " Irish Text Book," and sectarianism, with all its intoler-ance and bigotry, is made possible. How firmly then should we resist the intended encroachments on the freedom of our State schools. If those who so persistently inform us that the colony is doomed unless a system of relig- ious instruction be introduced into our schools, would utilize a little of the energy now wasted in declamation in making the most of the present facilities for religious instruction, they might be able to postpone the day of doom. HOW SUNDAY LAWS OPPRESS THE POOR. [New York World, Oct. 18, 1896.] A WOMAN with her face drawn in deep dejection stood in the Essex 'Market Police Court yesterday, gazing with pleading eyes at Magistrate Crane. She was Mrs. Eva Kooperschmidt, of No. 77 Eldridge Street, who had been arrested for selling a piece of cloth in Hester Street on Sunday. "Oh, BA., Your Honor," said. the woman, so faintly that the clerk bade her speak up, "oh, sir, it is true." The woman was crying into her apron  as she said this, and the magistrate looked up. "Well," he said, and then he paused. "It is very hard. Oh, Your Honor, there are the children to take care of, and there is the father, he cannot work : so I take the push-cart and peddle. It was SundayŠyes, but I did not know, and the piece of cloth was very small." "She was peddling there, Your Honor," spoke up the policeman, "in direct violation of the law." "Well," said the magistrate, "since you have confessed to having sold the cloth, I can do nothing but fine you $3." At this the woman buried her face in the apron again, and her tears flowed afresh. Taking her by the elbow, the policeman led her down sobbing. " Any money ?" he asked. The woman shook her head, and the policeman led her away to the pen. Among the spectators was sitting a wee slip The Child Secures Her Mother's Release. of a girl, clad in a dingy calico gown. As the prisoner bowed her head and wept the child leaned forward, the tears falling from her eyes. She watched every move of the woman, and when the latter was led away the child jumped to her feet. "‚Sss-sh-sh," murmured a neighbor,_ "Be still, now, or we'll all be turned out." The child sank back at the rebuke, but her eyes followed every move of the woman who was being led out. For an hour or more the procession of " drunks and disorderlies" passed before the magistrate, were heard and judged, and then the officers called upon peo-ple who had business with the court to step forward. Presently the little girl arose and stole timidly towards the bench. "Please, sir," she said to the magistrate,  and then she stopped and choked. 'Please, sir, my mother." Lifting the corner of her shawl to her eye she wiped away a tear and looked upon the magistrate. "Yes," said the magistrate kindly, "and who is your mother?" "Please, sir, she is Mrs. Kooperschmidt. She was taken up for selling cloth on Sun-day." "Oh, yes," said the magistrate, "and then what?" "Well, sir, won't you please let her go?" "Let her go?" said the magistrate. "Tell me why." "Oh, sir 1"Šand again breaking into tears the little girl hid her face in her shawl. "Now don't cry, that's a dear," said a po-liceman, and the child wiped her eyes. "Oh, sir, we had no money," she said, "and mother went out to sell something to get us a little bit to eat. Please, Your Honor, we .haven't $3 to pay the fine, and won't you ple-ee-ease let her go just this time?" The magistrate looked at the child a mo-ment and smiled. "All right, little girl, I'll let her go. Offi-cer, just bring out Mrs. Kooperschmidt. Her fine is remitted." And the little girl, seizing hold of her mother's gown, hurried her out of the court as if in fear the judge might change his mind. As soon as they reached home out came the cart and away went the mother to earn bread for the father and the little ones. SOME 'PERTINENT QUESTIONS AND SUGGES- TIONS. IF we can have a Sabbath, sacred in its still-ness and its associations; maintained by a healthful popular sentiment rather than by human laws; revered as a day of holy rest, and as a type of heaven; a day when men shall delight to come together to worship God and not a day of pastime, Christianity is safe in this land and our country is safe. If not, the Sabbath, and religion, and liberty, will die together. If the Sabbath is not regarded as holy time, it will be regarded as pastime; if not a day sacred to devotion, it will be a day of recrea-tion, of pleasure, of licentiousness. Since this is to be so, the question is, what is to be the effect if the day ceases to be a day of re-ligious observance? What will be the effect of releasing a popu-lation of several millions one-seventh part of    the time from any settled business of life? What will be the result if they are brought under no religious instruction? What will be the effect on morals; on religion; on sober habits of industry; on virtue, happiness and patriotism? Can we safely close our places of business and annihilate all the restraints that bind us during the six days? Can we turn out a vast population of the young with nothing to do and abide the consequences of such a universal exposure to vice? Can we safely dismiss our young men all over the land with sentiments unsettled and with habits of virtue unformed, and. throw them one day in seven upon the world with nothing to do? Can we safely release our sons and our ap-prentices and our clerks from our employ and send them forth under the influence of un-checked, youthful passions? Can we safely open as we do, fountains of poison at every corner of the street, and in every village and hamlet, and invite the young to drink there 