36 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Religious Persecution in Peru. THE recent case of religious persecution in Peru is of considerable importance to the United States. It seems that the Rev. Francis Penzotti was arrested and confined in prison in Callao, on the 25th of July last, and has been detained in prison with common criminals up to the present time. The only charge against him was that of violating the laws of the land by the sale of the Holy Scriptures and by hold-ing public worship. The manner of Mr. Penzotti's arrest and his subsequent treat-ment show that the case is one of religious persecution pure and simple. The order for his arrest was issued by the late Peruvian President a day or two before the expiration of his term of office, and it was clearly at the instigation of the Roman Catholic priesthood. It is a source of great gratification to us to know that the United States Govern-Ment at once made an earnest effort to secure an immediate trial of the case, and a vindication of this noble missionary's innocence. During the time of his imprisonment a consignment of books, sent to Mr. Pen-zotti by the American Bible Society, of this city, was detained in the Custom House in Peru, and would have been con-fiscated but for the prompt action of the representatives of our Government. It now appears that while Mr. Penzotti has been tried and acquitted by the court at Callao, he is still detained in prison on account of some peculiar rules of practice in the Peruvian courts. Mr. Hicks, United States Minister at Lima, has appealed to our State Depart-ment for its co-operation in effecting the immediate release of this much abused man. Our Government cannot refuse to take cognizance of this case. Our relations with Peru have become more intimate of late, and we cannot afford to sacrifice our principles by even an apparent indorse-ment of such practices as savor of the horrors of the Dark Ages. In 1865 we refused to recognize in Mex-ico other than republican institutions. Daniel Webster voiced the American pro-test against the wrongs which Greece suffered at the hands of the Turks, and Lewis Cass gave utterance to the distinct-ive principles of our Government when he denounced one of the South American States for refusing sepulture to Ameri-can citizens, from some superstitious idea that their country was consecrated ground, and forcing the carrying out and lowering into the ocean of our dead. In the name of America Mr. Cass demanded that such practices should stop. The day has passed when such cruel persecutions are to be permitted. The opinion of the enlightened nations of the earth is against such practices, and  the dark spirit that animates these bigots should be hurled to the bottomless pit of universal execration. As the vanguard of the free nations of the earth, the United States should always take the initiative and demand the observ-ance of religious toleration in all nations with whom she has intimate and friendly relations. Such action on the part of all free nations would effectually crush this demon of religious persecution. Mine. de Stael, with faltering voice, ad-dressing George Ticknor, who held the hands of the dying woman, said: " Amer-ica is the vanguard of the nations; the future of the world is yours." While the spirit of American liberty is abroad in Europe, shall it ignore and neg-lect our South American sister Republics ? ŠMail and Express. The Proposed Blair.  Amendment Un-scriptural. THE following paragraphs are from an excellent article which appeared some time since in the Lutheran Witness, St. Louis, Missouri :Š "The aim and object of the National Re-form Association, is the establishment of the Christian as the State religion of the Republic in which we have the privilege of living. The accomplishment of this object would be considered by National Reformers as the greatest triumph of Christianity and the Bible. Yet the striving after the accomplishment of this object is radically unscriptural. For in order that the desired object might be brought about, it would be necessary for the State, as such, to concern itself with spiritual and religious things, and to leg-islate concerning them as it does concern-ing civil affairs, and by doing this it would step outside of its own province and meddle with affairs which are foreign to its very essence and to the object of its existence. "What is the State ? The State is an in-stitution, a worldly institution, a di-vinely ordained institution, if you please, which has for its object the govern-ing of the people within its limits ac-cording to a certain standard, the main-taining of law and order, and the protec-tion of its inhabitants in external and temporal affairs. Religion belongs to an altogether different province, to the prov-ince of the Church, just as the care of children belongs to the province of the family. All, three, the State, the Church, and the family, have. their own peculiar provinces, in which to live, and move, and act; have their own peculiar duties to perform, their own peculiar affairs to conduct. "God has instituted the State, the civil government, and requires of it a faithful performance of the duty it has as a civil government; so, he has also instituted the  family and demands of it a faithful dis-charge of the duties it has as a family; in the same -manner the Church is a divine institution and is expected to faithfully and scrupulously administer its own af-fairs in compliance with the rules and regulations laid down in the Bible, and is accountable to its Lord and Master for such administration. Civil government is not responsible for what the Church does, nor is the Church responsible for the doings of the State, nor is the family responsible for the doings of either or both, but the Church, civil government, and the family, are responsible each for its Own peculiar doings in its own peculiar sphere. The State should remain within its own sphere, as should also the family and the Church remain within their own province; none should overstep the divinely constituted bonds, nor intrude on the premises of the others, nor pre-sume to interfere with the affairs of the others. As soon as any such interference occurs, then the interfering institution becomes a transgressor. ' Render unto Csar the things which are Caesar's, and unto God the things that are God's 'ŠMatt. 22:21. "Caesar, or what is the same thing, civil government, and God, or the Church of God, are two radically different things; each has certain claims in every individual. Let each individual, therefore, so conduct himself towards civil government and to-wards the Church as his specific duty to-wards each requires. This implies that civil government should not interfere with religion, and vice versa, the Church should not interfere with the administra-tion of State affairs. The interference of one with the affairs of the other is im-pliedly forbidden in this scripture passage. That Christ our Lord was in earnest when he said `Render unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's and to God the things that are God's;' that he really meant that civil government should not interfere with the affairs of the Church, and that the Church shouid not meddle with State matters, he plainly set forth by his own example, when on a certain occasion he refused to play the part of a civil magis-trate, saying, ' Man, who made me a judge or a divider over you?' Luke 12 : 14. Now, if the United States, which, in the case before us, is civil Government, would add an amendment to its Constitu-tion, establishing the Christian as the State religion, such action would be an in-terference on the part of the State with religious matters; for by such amendment our Government would enjoin upon every citizen a belief in the Christian religion and would virtually declare every inhab-itant a Christian. Just this very thing the State has no right whatsoever to do, and this is forbidden in Scriptures. There-fore the proposed constitutional amend-ment respecting religion, if adopted, would be unscriptural; and the movement 