386 THE AMERICAN. SENTINEL. as was the original legislation of Congress on the Subject. And the effect which it have, the only -effect which it can have, is only the more fully to confirm in the hands of the church power, the gov-ernmental authority of which that law-less power has already robbed the people. BECAUSE of all these facts THE AMER-ICAN SENTINEL takes no part in this Sun-day opening campaign. Our position is just what it always has been. We do not, and never did, care the scratch of a pen whether the World's Fair be open or shut on Sundays. We do care, and always have cared, more than can be told, whether the question should be decided by legislation; and whether the Government should thus be surrendered into the hands of the church power. Against this we have always protested and worked with all our might: both before and since it was done. Our demand is, that all Sun-day legislation of all kinds everywhere be unconditionally repealed. But there is no possibility of this ever being done any-where. This we know, consequently our position is one of positive, uncompromis-ing and everlasting protest against all that has been done, against all that is being done, and against all that ever shall be done by law in behalf of Sunday : whether to open the Fair, or to close the Fair, or any thing else under the sun. A. T. J. Religious Intolerance in the Republic: Christians (?) Persecuting Christians in Tennessee.* ON the 18th of last July a moral crime was committed in the State of Tennessee; a crime which should fire with indigna-tion every patriot in the land; a crime over which bigotry gloats and fanaticism exults; a crime so heinous in its character and so vital in the far-reaching principles involved that any man acquainted with the facts is recreant to his manhood if he remains silent; a crime which reveals in a startling manner the presence and power in our midst of that spirit of intol-erance which almost two thousand years ago pursued to the cross, nay, further, taunted in the throes of death's agony a great, serene, God-illumined soul. The great Prophet of Nazareth had asserted the rights, of man and had declared that man was to be judged by the fruits shown in life, and not by observances of rites, forms, or dogmas. He had declared that the Sabbath was made for man and not man for the Sabbath. He had given as the supreme rule of life for all true dis-ciples a simple but comprehensive law, " Whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them." That was the sign by which in all ages His disciples should be known, and none knew better than this pure and tender soul that that rule carried out would forever crush the spirit of persecution and intolerance, which from the dawn of time had fettered thought and slain the noblest children of men. The crime committed in Tennessee was very similar to the crime committed in Jerusalem more than eighteen hundred years ago. The animating spirit was pre-cisely the same. The crime committed in Tennessee was, moreover, exactly similar in nature; that is, it involved precisely #Editorkd by 13, Q, nom, in the Arena for December, 16N,  the same principles as those crimes against which enlightened thoughtsto-day recoils, and which lit up the long night of the Dark Ages with human bonfires, and drove to death for conscience' sake the noblest hearts and purest lives of Europe, because the victims could not conscien-tiously conform to the dogmas which the vast majority believed to be the will of God. Strange, indeed, that the closing years of the nineteenth century should witness, flaming forth, the same spirit of insane fanaticism against which the Ref-ormation made such an eloquent, and, for a time, successful protest. And in the present instance, as in the religious per-secutions of the past, the crime has been committed in the name of justice. Victor Hugo, in speaking of the social structure in France in 1760, said : " At the base was the people; above the people, religion represented by the clergy; by the side of religion, justice represented by the magis-tracy. And at that period of human society what was the people ?ŠIt was ignorance. What was religion ?ŠIt was intolerance. And what was justice ?ŠIt was injustice." And so I think the his-torian of the future, from the noble heights of a golden-rule permeated civiliz-ation, will point to such deeds as have recently been committed in Tennessee, as illustrating the cruel indifference of a pretended civilization which could toler-ate such enormities without a universal protest. THE FACTS INVOLVED IN THIS CRIME. I will now briefly outline the facts in-volved in this crime against justice and liberty, which has been committed in the name of law and through the instrumen-tality of a spirit which is the unmistak-able and undeviating mark of savagery, as opposed to the spirit of Christ; a spirit which is at the present time exerting its power through organization, and, like a canker worm at the tap root of the giant oak, is assailing the -vitals of free govern-ment; a spirit which I profoundly believe to be the most dangerous, as it is the most insidious, evil which menaces repub-lican government. The facts relating to the persecution in Tennessee are briefly as follows :Š At the town of Paris, Henry Co., Tenn., on the 18th of July, 1892, three conscien-tious, law-loving, God-fearing Christian men who had been lying in jail for a month and a half, were marched through the streets, in company with some colored criminals, and put to work shovelling on the common highway. All were men of families. One was an old man of sixty-two years; another was fifty-five years old. The State's attorney, who, in the interest of fanaticism, prosecuted these men with the same ferocity as a blood-hound would exhibit in attacking its vic-tim, was constrained to admit that aside from the crime charged, that of working on Sunday, after they had religiously wor-shiped God on Saturday (their Sabbath), they were otherwise good citizens. It will be noted that these men had not robbed their fellowmen, either legally or illegally ; they were not extortioners; they were highly moral and exemplary citizens. Moreover, they were God-fearing men. They belonged to the little band of earnest believers in Christ known as Seventh-day Adventists, a body of Christians who find in the Bible an injunction which they hold to be divine, requiring them to work six days ii 1119 WiNk MA. to keep holy the  seventh day, and who do not find any passage repealing this command in the holy Scriptures. These sincere men wor-shiped God according to his word as they understood it, by keeping holy the Sab-bath or seventh day of the- week. But they were poor men. Fifty-two days in the year were all the rest they could afford if the wolf of want was to be kept from the door. Now, the Constitution of Ten-nessee declares that " All men have a natural and indefeasible right to worship Almighty God according to the dictates of their own conscience; . . . that no human authority can, in any case what-ever, control or interfere with the rights of cottscience; and that no preference shall ever be given by law to any religious establishment or mode of worship." From this it would seem self-evident that any law which might operate so as to render it impossible for God-fearing citizens to support themselves and fami-lies without doing violence to their con-sciences by having to disobey what they be-lieved to be God's imperative command, would be unconstitutional and conse-quently void; while it will appear equally evident that if any percentage of the pop-ulation of Tennessee believe that God had commanded them to keep holy any day other than the first day of the week, to compel these persons to desist from work on the first day would be to compel poor people in the present fierce battle for live-lihood to work on the day they believe holy, as to rest over one hundred days in the year would mean starvation to them and their loved ones. I do not see how any mind that is not blinded by bigotry can escape this conclusion. With this thought in mind let us proceed. In Tennessee, as in many of our east-ern States, there are ancient statutes, RELICS OF A SAVAGE PAST; statutes which partake of the nature of the Blue Laws of colonial days. These enactments have for generations been practically obsolete. Hate, spite, and fanaticism have occasionally resurrected them; but constitutional guarantees, the enlightened sentiment of the age, and competent judges, have usually rendered them of no effect. The law in Tennessee which is of this nature was an heirloom from the theocracy of England, coming to Tennessee through North Carolina. -It forbids any Sunday work, " except acts of real necessity " or " of charity," and prescribes a fine as punishment. If the fine is not paid, the convicted party is to be imprisoned. Another statute declares that any one who maintains a nuisance may be fined one hundred dollars; while according to recent rulings of the State courts in Tennessee, a succession of such offenses as working on Sunday is a nuis-ance and is indictable. On May 27 the Grand Jury of Henry County indicted five farmers living on small places near the village of Spring-ville, Tenn. The cases were tried in Paris before 'a certain Judge, W. H. Swiggart. The prosecution did not attempt to prove that any one was disturbed by the work of these poor farmers; indeed, the wit-. nesses for the State each declared that he was not disturbed. One of the prisoners had been seen ploughing strawberries on Sunday, another cutting sprouts, and still another loading wood on a wagon. THE ACCUSED DID NOT EMPLOY COUNSEL, but each made a simple statement ci his 