THE SENTINEL, OF LIDERTN".. 279 His body while the soldiers slept, and now are circu-lating the lying report that He is risen from the dead. This I hear from the most influential people in both the church and the state. Why continue the fraud longer? No one will believe your story. Produce Him if He is risen." PeterŠ"Fraud? there is no fraud. He is risen. I saw Him, and ate with Him, and talked with Him; and so have we all. He is not only risen, but ascended to the right hand of God, whence He came. I saw him ascend. He is not dead. He is alive ; alive forever-more." PriestŠ"Delusion upon delusion ! Falsehood upon falsehood ! Ascended ? Never ! He is dead forevermore." PeterŠ"That is false. He is JohnŠ"Come, Peter; don't tarry here. Let us hasten on. When we are alone I will tell you what impresses me deeply. And this it is, Peter: We can make no impression on the priest until the Holy Ghost is come. Rememberest thou not how He spake while He was yet with us, saying, 'Tarry ye in the city of Jerusalem until ye be endued with power from on high.' And ye shall receive power after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you, and ye shall be witnesses unto Me."Nevertheless, I tell you the truth. It is expedient that I go away, for if I go not away the Comforter will not come unto you; but if I depart I will send Him unto you. And when He is come, He will convince the world of sin, and of righteousness, and of judgment. Of sin, because they believe not on Me; of righteousness, because I go to My Father and ye see Me no more; of judgment, because the Prince of this world is judged.' Let us return to the upper room and wait for the promise of the Spirit. Peter, did you not see how powerless you were to convince the priest of the resurrection of our Lord? 0, how powerless we are ! Let us return and pray more earn-estly for the promised Power." "And when the day of Pentecost was fully come, they were all with one accord in one place. And sud- denly there came a sound from heaven as of a rushing mighty wind, and it filled all the house where they were sitting. And there appeared unto them cloven tongues, like as of fire, and it sat upon each Of them. And they were filled with the Holy Ghost, and began to speak with other tongues as the Spirit gave them utterance. . . . Now, when this was noised abroad, the multitude came together, and were con-founded. . . . And they were all amazed and marveled." I can easily think of that stubborn priest, hurrying with the surging multitude to the place of power. I can see him pressing his way through the eager crowd  until he fetches up at the feet of Peter, who is just say-ing with a strange convincing power : "This Jesus hath God raised up whereof we all are witnesses. Therefore being by the right hand of God exalted, and having received of the Father the promise of the Holy Ghost, He bath shed forth this, which ye now see and hear. For David is not ascended into the heavens; but he saith himself the Lord said unto my Lord, Sit thou on my right hand, until I make thy foes thy footstool. Therefore, let all the house of Israel know assuredly that God hath made that same Jesus, whom ye have crucified, both Lord and Christ." Acts 2 :32-36. And now I see this same priest (for "many priests were obedient unto the faith"), listening, startled, silent and subdued, until Peter reaches this point ; and then I hear him, pricked in his heart, with earnestness cry out, "Men and brethren, what shall we do ?" Reader, can you not see that what is needed to-day to silence the scoffer, to convict of sin and of righteous-ness, and prove the resurrection and point out Jesus at the right hand of God, is the Holy Ghost from on high? No other power is needed in the Christian church. To seek any other power is to discount and deny the Holy Spirit, the all-sufficient and only legiti-mate power for the advancement of the kingdom of God. May the Lord bless The Sentinel of Liberty and make it potent in this time of turning from the upper room to the committee room of human legislation_ A. F. BALLENGER.. A Tale of Two Nations. GOVERNMENT AMONG CELESTIALS. Away back in the dim and misty vistas of the eter-nal ages, the question as to what constitutes right principles of government agitated the breasts of celes-tial beings. There was then, as now, a problem of government true and false. On one side the principals were the Father and the SonŠGod and Christ ; on the other Lucifer, the Star of the Morning. And the history of all this was interesting then, it has been growing more so ever since, and is of deepest moment to all inhabitants of the universe, human, devilish, and di-vine, at the present hour. "God is love." His very nature is love. The foun-dations of his eternal law are love. "Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind." This is the first and great commandment. And the second is like unto it, "Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself. On these two com-mandments hang all ,the law and the prophets." Since, therefore, the law of God is a law of love, it follows that the government of God must be a gov- If 