AMERICAN SENTINEL. 489 tangible, something like a crepuscular phantom, with neither divinity nor humanity, without historical reality in the past, without heavenly divinity in the present." And all this is only a repetition, with some variation in form, of what was done in the first centuries by the so-calied Christian church, and which led to the establish-ment of the papacy. In other words, it is but traveling over again the road by which the early Christian church went from Zion to Rome, where she became established upon the throne of the Csars. Then, as now, the first step was taken in an attack upon the Word of God,Šnot openly, but by the setting up of a system of mystical interpretations, by which the Word was robbed of its meaning, and consequently of its life giving power. This opened the way for the doctrine that the common people could not understand the Word anyway, but must de-pend upon the pronouncements of the church prelates, and finally of the bishop of Rome,Šthe pope. In this day "higher criticism" is doing the same thing, and modern theology is leading the seeker after truth to look upon the Word as a barren field for his own personal ex-ploration, and to depend more and more upon the opin-ions and traditions of men. Religion in the Public Schools of Ontario. THE following from a resident of Kenmore, Ont., in the Canadian Baptist, of May 27, tells how the principle of religion in the public schools works in a district where the majority of the people are Roman Catholics:Š "In the eastern counties of this province, in districts where Protestant ratepayers are in the minority, the so-called public schools are practically Romish. The teach-ers in such cases are almost always Roman Catholic, which in itself, though not technically an injustice, is nev-ertheless an evil, for the door is thus thrown open to priestly influence and control. Think of a string of popish `saints' days' and `holy days' being observed as public school holidays in the Province of Ontario ! Protestant pupils bringing h ome the tale that `to-morrow is Saint so - and-so's day, or the feast of the holy something-or-other, and there will be no school.' Yet such is the invariable custom in some sections. And this is but a small thing compared with other abominations which they do. Prize books which inculcate the Romish religion are purchased from the general school funds and awarded to Protestant and Catholic children alike. Here are a few sample sen-tences from a book received in this way by a Protestant child a few months ago :Š " ' The Immaculate Virgin was by her incomparable holiness, the masterpiece of her divine Creator. She it was who was to crush the serpent's head and save us from the curse pronounced on the first woman by bringing forth into the world the God-Saviour. She was that root of Jesse who was to produce the heavenly flower.' " 'Jesus Christ offered at the last supper and offers to God every day by his ministers, the sacrifice of sacri-fices, that is to say, his body and blood under the ap-pearances of bread andwine. 0 sublime mystery of faith! 0 abyss of Rower and mercy! Jesus speaksŠand that  which was but a moment before bread and wine is changed immediately into his body and blood. Then by an act of his sovereign will he gave to the apostles and to all their successors in the priesthood the power to renew upon the altar, until the end of time, the ineffable wonder he had accomplished.' " 'Feed my sheep;' it was in these memorable words that Jesus Christ invested St. Peter and the popes who succeeded him with the supreme power over the pastors as well as the peopleŠa power which he had promised a year before when he said, `Thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church.' " All this only shows the injustice that is inherent in the principle of bringing religious instruction into the public schools. It matters not what religion it is that might be taught. The feelings and sentiments of the dissenting tax-payers would find expression in protests similar to the above. The only way to avoid injustice, discord, and religious controversy is to leave theteaching of religion to the Church, the home, and those schools whose support is wholly voluntary. I.- 4. Ł 4  THE Ohio law prohibiting Sunday baseball has been pronounced unconstitutional by Judge Ong, of the Court of Common Pleas. The case was that of the State against the Cleveland baseball club, and was brought before him on appeal from the decision of the State Supreme Court, by which the law was upheld. The basis of Judge Ong's decision is that baseball is not a crime on any week day, and that under the constitution all statutes make Sun-day merely a day of rest and not of religious observance. The county will, it is said, appeal the case to a higher court. Lord Salisbury on Arbitration. IN a speech before the House of Lords, July 8, the English premier referred to arbitration as a method of settling international disputes, and after expressing him-self as in sympathy with the principle, mentioned the Delagoa Bay Railway dispute as an illustration. With regard to the prospect of an award by the arbitrators, he said, he could only say he was informed that it would speedily be given; and as that information had been reg-ularly supplied to him for several years, the only conso-lation for them was that they were all supporting the sound principle of arbitration. The laughter which fol-lowed from the peers evinced their sympathy with Lord Salisbury's view of arbitration as a thing of practical value. • Ł -41 4 "STAND fast therefore in the liberty wherewith Christ ha th made us free" is the admonition that comes to us from the Apostle Paul. Christ hath made us all free, but there are very many who do not know that they have been set at liberty, and refuse to accept their freedom. They are letting slip the greatest blessing it is possible for them to realize. Is it so with you? 