CHICAGO, AUGUST 30, 1900. NUMBER 34. VOLUME 15. CD 0 Hue." man tiumnomommamoomommi CD lg any hear my words; and believe not 'judge him norŠJesus Christ: THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY (Continuing American Sentinel.) PUBLISHED WEEKLY AT 324 DEARBORN STREET, CHICAGO, ILI ., BY THE , INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. Entered at the Chicago Post Office as SeCond-Cass Matter. SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, $1.00 L. A. SMITH, } C. P. BOLLMAN, Editors. MORAL character is a natural growth; it can not be forced. No scheme of state benevolence can deliver so-ciety from the evils of individual selfishness. EVERY man has a right not only to his own opin-ions, but to order his life in accordance therewith, limited only by the equal rights of others. ot CONSCIENCE must be left free, because it is the avenue between the soul and God. In the educa-tion of conscience the only authority is the Word of God. .4 .4 GOVERNMENT has no duty to protect any religious institution, however beneficent that institution may be. Its only duty is to protect men in the enjoy-ment of 'their natural rights. If men are properly protected the institutions will take care of them-selves, GOD speaks to a nation through individuals, not to individuals through the nation. LEGISLATION ,can never provide the people with a substitute for moral backbone. The more laws there are to make it easy for people to do right the fewer people will there be who love right for its own sake. A PEOPLE can no more create power within them-selves to reform themselves than a machine care generate the power required to run it. Yet there are people who think society can reform itself by vote and legislation, and there are people who thhlk they can invent a perpetual motion. SECURING HAPPINESS BY LEGISLATION. IN the Independent of August 23 the presidential candidate of the " Social Democratic " party, Mr. Eugene V. Debs, presents the claims of socialism to be the hope of the people for deliverance from pres-ent evils due to social and industrial inequality. Among other things, lie says: "The Social Democratic party of America de-clares that life, liberty and happiness depend upon equal political and economic rights." This is taken from the platform of the party adopted at their recent national convention. In this platform the socialist scheme is unfolded, whereby equal political and economic rights are to be se-cured to the people. The workingmen, organized into a political party, are to " conquer the public powers now controlled by capitalists." " Coopera-tive industry," by public ownership of " all industries controlled by monopolies, trusts and combines," is 