Vany mizipegr word4. and heave not ljurtge him nott,ks CHICAGO, DECEMBER 13, 1900. Any one receiving ŁThe ;Sentinel of Liberty without having ordered it, marknow that it is Łsent by some 'friend. Those who have not ordered The Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to,  pay for it. ''THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY is published to advo-cate liberty':of conscience as a ''Christian principle of government, and to oppose the ..use :of forceŠcoercionŠin religion. TY-IEEE are in this country. to-day a number of powerful religious organizations which are actively working to secure the enforcement of religious -observances--particularly Sunday ,observanceŠby law; and to oppose them- in this work there exists one organization standing for religious fteedo.m, with this paper -as its organ. THE 'SENTINEL 'OF LIBERTY is the onlypaper to be had that is devoted entirely to the exposition of the truths pointing out the danger in this growing _tendency to confuse The, sphere of religion with that of politics. Is this -not a good reason, reader, why you and your friends and neighbors should take THE SENTINEL ? 4,4 A ER.Es' s report of the national convention of the W. C. T. U., held in Washington, D. C., December 3-6, states that an amendment to the constitution of the organization ,providing that nothing should be incorporated into any plan of W. C. T. U. work which might 'become the occasion of sectarian con-versy; "Was rejected by a vote of 312 -to 1-5." he :a.' uthor of this proposed amendment was fs. S. MA'Henry, one of the founders Of the- W. .1.3.;*00 for some years its national evangelist. Ijhe object of the athendment was to preVent any anotion being given by the W. C. T. U. to the pros-r.cution of- seventh-day observers under the Sunday fir,:'Notice that such an amendment would be eyed at this _Meeting was given by Mrs. Henry '641.teWe  4F9''bell6ire:tit' many members of this organiza-p gall  ye e see that a "'Christian- emŁ'-perance  TE3:E,WIr Union" has nothing to :gain:for its cause,frOin join ing with those who : invoke Ł the aid-  of ,the civil. pOwer to decide the -religions'.  controversy over the"-day of the week to be,recognized as the Sabbath. Ł ,e;,4 RECENTLY a movement against the " dives," con-stituting the,  resorts of -the criminal --and vicious classes, has been in progress in this city, and ,some of these places have been com-pelle'd' to close up One of the worse of *these, smarting, under the penalty inflicted on it by -the friends, of decency, -sought fora weapon of retaliation, and now comes. out with a threat to secure'the ,enfdrce,ment -of the Sunday-closing ordinance. In this case the/execu-tion of the threat may prove impossible, owing to the fact that Chicago, unlike most cities, has no clew-Sunday-closing -ordinance, and the law:of the State merely provides that no one shall on Sunday,-' by labor or amusement, " disturb the- peace a'n'd good order of society.", We call attention to the incident, however, as affording a comment upon, the nature of such orcii-n.ances.' What must one -think of the character of an ordinance which amounts to a dead letter so'far - as good citizens are concerned, -and is invoked only by vicious people, bent on using it, as'a weapon of retaliation, or by One class of religionists to make trouble for members. of a rival sect? Christian clergymen' :wile labor -to 'uphold- - such ordinances should remember that the ,C'hristian's weapons of: warfare for the 'reformation of society " are not carnal"Š not such' as the vicious element of society. ever feel inclined to-use. A VALUABLE HISTORY. WE have just made arrangements with one of the best publishers in this ;city whereby we are enabled to offer our readers an excellent illustrated history of the Chinese Empire for only -25 cents. This histOry is a paper-lbound volume of over 240 pages,, printed in long piimer type, on good paper". The authors are General Tcheng-Ki-Fong, militarY;  attache of Imperial Legation at Paris, and John Henry. Gfay, M. A., LL. D., Archdeacon of Hong,-kong-. It is a book that we can recommend. `Sen postpaid on receipt of price. Addiess all` ordersto INTERNATIONAL RELIGI4S1 LIBERTY ASSOCIATION, 3-24 Dearborn-Street, Chicago, 