"If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, / Judge him not: for I Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World." 0 VOLUME 9. NEW YORK, DECEMBER 6, 1894. NUMBER 48. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York PostŠOffice. ALONZO T. JONES, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, A. F. 13ALLFNaER, CARDINAL VAUGHN, archbishop of West-minster, according to the Catholic Review of Nov. 24, " authoritatively " instructed the Roman Catholic voters of London to vote for the Tory candidates for school trustees and against the Liberals, because the former are in favor of teaching reli-gion in the public schools, and the latter opposed to it. Now we rise and respectfully ask the Catholic Review to explain the difference between this action of Roman Catholic officials in England and the action of the A. P. A. in America. The whole Cath-olic Church of the United States is posing before the country as martyrs, the victims of the persecuting A. P. A. This organ-ization is opposed to just such Roman Cath-olic ideas of the relation of Church and State as are illustrated by the cardinal's position in favor of teaching religion in the public schools with public money; and con-sequently votes against Roman Catholic candidates -for public office. This, say Roman Catholics, is persecution. WHAT, we again inquire, is the dif-ference between an organized political Catholic boycott of candidates in England because they are in favor of the separa-tion of religion and the public schools, and an organized political Protestant boy-cott of candidates in America, because they are in favor of the union of religion and the public schools ? It will not do to answer that the one is secret and the other not, for the Roman Catholic Church is the most thoroughly secret organization in the world. A CARDINAL'S oath reads thus : "I, Š, cardinal of the holy Roman Church, do promise and swear that . . . I will never knowingly and advisedly, to their injury or disgrace, make public the coun-sels intrusted to me by themselves [the,  popes], or by messengers, or letters"' [from them]. A bishop promises that "the counsels which they [the popes] shall in-trust me withal by themselves, their messengers, or letters, I will not know-ingly reveal to any to their prejudice."'  Now that the charge of secrecy is dis-posed of in advance, we again repeat our request to the Catholic Review to tell us the difference between a Roman Catholic political boycott in England and an A. P. A. boycott in America. The SENTINEL is not an advocate of A. P. A. methods, as its readers well know, but it desires an answer to its question nevertheless. Did the Roman Catholic Church Ever Persecute? ROMAN CATHOLICS persistently deny that "the church" ever persecuted. Upon this subject Cardinal Gibbons says in " The Faith of Our Fathers" :- 1 here assert the proposition, . that the Catholic Church has always been the zealous promoter of religious and civil liberty; and that whenever any encroachments on these sacred rights of man were perpetrated by professing members of the Catholic faith, these wrongs, far from being sanctioned by the church, were committed in palpable violation of her authority. In like manner, Donahoe's Magazine for September, 1894, says of the Roman Cath-olic Church : " She has never sanctioned or approved religious persecution of any kind." Abundant evidence has been published in these columns very recently to disprove this claim in behalf of Rome; but much more can be said; and that it should be said is evident from the fact that that church is now posing before the world, not as a penitent for past wrongs, but as the infallible custodian of the truth of God, and the defender of both civil and reli-gious liberty in all ages of the Christian era. The quotation given in this paper last week from a cardinal-indorsed Roman Catholic w.ork, entitled, " Half Hours With the Servants of God," shows that the Inquisition was a creature of the Roman Catholic Church. Nor was this all; according to her own confession, Rome The Papacy by Dr. J. A. Wylie, p. 122. 2  Id. p. 138. not only " forged" that diabolical weapon, but she appointed her own agents to use it, and compelled the civil power to inflict the penalties and execute the sentences of that most dreadful of all human tribunals. But even before the erection of the tri-bunal known as the Inquisition, the Roman Catholic Church persecuted. Ac- cording to " A Catholic Dictionary," article, " Albigenses," Innocent III., in 1208, " proclaimed a crusade or holy war with indulgences against the Albigensean heretics, and requested Philip II., the king of France, to put himself at its head." The Catholic historian continues The king refused, but permitted any of his vassals to join it who chose. An army was collected, com-posed largely of desperadoes, mercenary soldiers, and adventurers of every description, whose sole object was plunder. Raymond, in great fear, not only prom-ised all that was denianded of him, but assumed the Cross himself against his proteges. The war opened in 1209 with the siege of Bkiers and the massacre of its inhabitants. Simon de Montfort, the father of the famous Earl of Leicester, was made count of the ter-ritories conquered. The war lasted many years and became political; in its progress great atrocities were committed, Languedoc was laid desolate, and the Provençal civilization destroyed. Peace was made in 1227, and the tribunal of the Inquisition established soon after. It will be noted that this was, according to this Roman Catholic authority, a "holy war," proclaimed by a pope of Rome against "heretics." Its object was the extirpation of "heresy," though it after-wards " became political." But the very first act in this war was the pillage of a city and the massacre of the inhabitants. And though it is asserted that it "became political," one of its direct results was the establishment of the Inquisition. And no wonder, for that fiend incarnate, Dominic, who was the inventor of the Inquisition, was likewise instrumental in no small degree in inaugurating that so-called " holy war." Upon the same subject, Du Pin, a Ro-man Catholic author, says:Š The pope and the prelates were of opinion that it was lawful to make use of force, to see whether those who were not reclaimed out of a sense of their salva-tion might be so by the fear of punishments, and even of temporal death. There had been already several instances of heretics condemned to fines, to banish-ments, to punishments, and even to death itself; but there had never yet been any war proclaimed against I Published in this city in 1893, by Benzinger Brothers, " printers to the holy apostolic see." - EDITORS. ASSISTANT EDITOR. 