664 AMERICAN SENTINEL. THE New York State Assembly of Mothers has been in session at Albany. The feature of one day's session Šthe 18th inst.Šwas a speech by Governor Roosevelt on the training of children. As reported, he advocated a truly imperialistic style of training, and made this re-markable statement:Š "A boy that won't fight is not worth his salt. He will be no use in life and is a coward. Teach him to use his strength on the side of righteousness. Do not punish him if he fights if he is right. Teach him to be able to take care of himself and know how to act under all cir-cumstances." The governor was given a vote of thanks at the con-clusion of his address; from which fact we may inferthat his sentiments on the necessity of learning to fight were received by the assembled mothers with approval. * * * LET us look a little into the nature of this advice. "The boy that won't fight"Šwho is he? In the first place, if our observations count for anything, be is a very scarce product, decidedly more so than the boy who is a coward;  Cowards are plentiful enough; but the boy who will not fight is so scarce as hardly to come within the observation of most people. * * THE coward will fight. Yes, the coward who is "not worth his salt"Šif there be such a personŠwill fight, and do as much fighting as anybody else, too. He will fight because he is a coward; because the fighting in-stinct is a cowardly instinct. Who has not met at least once the individual who has acquired the title of "the bully," who is always fighting for the pleasure of it? He is usually mentioned as the "big bully," who relies on his superior size to gain the advantage over his opponents; for that is the only difference between the coward and the other boy who fights,Šthe former chooses an antagonist smaller than himself. And when the bully at last meets his match, he shows that he is a coward, and people tell with satisfaction how the "big coward" was soundly thrashed. The boy who is brave is the boy who "goes quietly about his own business," and is never ready to pick a quarrel. COWARDICE is the natural source of fighting; for fighting comes from an attempt to perpetrate injustice,  and an attempt to perpetrate injustice is a cowardly exhibition always. To be just, and to be generous, are always accompaniments of true courage. "The boy who won't fight" is scarce enough; but the boy who is too cowardly to fight is so much scarcer that it may well be doubted whether any authenticated specimen of the class is in existence. BUT in any case, whether against a weaker antago-nist or a stronger one, fighting is, relatively, a manifes-tation of cowardice. It is below the highest standard of courage. The boy who fights to avenge an insult or to maintain his rights is braver than the boy who under like circumstances is afraid to do so. But the boy who can endure insult and injustice without retaliation, for the sake of principle, has the true courage, compared with which all other forms of so called courage are only degrees of cowardice. And to train a child so that he will develop just this courage, is not at all a chimerical idea. * * THAT this is so, every believer in Christianity must admit. The mothers to whom Governor Roosevelt spokeŠmost of them certainlyŠmust admit it; and the gOvernor himself must admit it, for they are believers in Christianity. They are believers, professedly at least, in the supreme excellence of an Individual who as a child, as well as in later years, exemplified this very thing. For certainly no one who believes the Bible will claim that the child Jesus Christ ever used his fists upon one of his young companions. That he was, as a child, subjected to the ordinary experiences of childhood,Šthat he had occasion at times to feel insulted, that his rights were not always respected by his youthful associates, that some of them occasionally tried to "run over" him, cannot be doubted; for this is what every child has to,  meet. But that he ever retaliated, that he ever stood up for his rights with doubled fists, that be ever left a mark of violence upon one of his companions, is wholly beyond belief. * THE picture of the child Christ engaging in a rough-and-tumble fight in the streets of NazarethŠsuch a con-ception no believer in his divinity could entertain for a moment. And even if anyone could entertain such a distorted conception of Christ's nature, he would be obliged with it to repudiate Christ's plain teaching on the subject of the proper treatment of one's enemies. Christ was the same in youth that he was when he taught his followers not to retaliate when smitten, but to pray for those who used them despitefully; the same in youth that he was when he forbade Peter to fight in his behalf; the same that he was when, without the least retaliation, he was crowned with thorns, smitten with 