AMERICAN SENTINEL. 507 Republics Combining Against the United States. Now THAT the good old "Monroe doctrine" has be-come obsolete, and the United States is following on after imperialism, going into the eastern hemisphere to conduct a war of aggression, the republics of South America, who no doubt, entered upon their republican form of government because of its grand principles so well illustrated in the United States, are beginning to fear for their own safety, and plans seem to be under advisement whereby these near neighbors of ours may combine their interests against this Government. And who can blame them? What guarantee have they that their rights shall be respected if the United States should happen to want some of theterritory they now occupy? If she can enter upon a war of conquest 10,000 miles away upon the "bevevolent" task of assim-ulating territory for the purpose of civilizing and Chris-tianizing the people, what would hold her from entering upon a like campaign nearer home? The N. Y. World, of August 4, has the following report:Š "MONTEVIDEO, August 3.ŠPresident Roca, of Argen-tina, accompanied by the Argentine Ministers of Foreign Affairs, War and Marine, and thirty members of Con-gress, arrived here to-day on the cruiser 'San Martin,' to visit President Cuestas, of Uruguay. "The Argentine officials are on the way to Brazil to visit President Campos Salles. "A banquet in honor of President Roca was given to-night. "ALLIANCE OF FOUR REPUBLICS SAID TO BE CONTEM-PLATED. "LONDON, August 3.ŠA recent Buenos Ayres dis-patch announced that President Roca would leave soon for Uruguay and Brazil to invite the presidents of those repu blics to meet at Buenos Ayres in the fall and confer with the president of Chili on the question of reducing South American armaments, and to propose an alliance of those four republics. "A later dispatch from Rome said:Š " 'According to news received here, the victory over Spain and the growth of imperialism in the United States has led the large South American republics to talk of an alliance against the United States, and it is alleged that the preliminaries of such an alliance have been con-cluded between Brazil and Argentina."' Some day, when perhaps too late, it may bemanifest that those who have stood by the principles of the Con-stitution of the United States, are its best friends, and have been laboring not only for the good of its own peo-ple, but also the people of the western hemisphere, and indirectly for the peace of the whole world. Rome, N. Y. T. E. BOWEN. "And if 'any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not; for I came not to judge the world, but  to save the world, He that rejecteth me, and receiveth not my words, hath one that judgeth him: the word that I have spoken, the same shall judge him in the last day." Why the Filipinos are in Revolt. By Rev. John R. Hykes. I talked with men of all classes, some of whom had been resident in the Philippines for more than twenty-five years, and I feel safe in saying that sacerdotal des-potism and official rapacity are alone responsible for the present rebellion.. Not only has the venality of ad-ministration been notorious, but the oppression, the cruelty, the injustice of many of the Spanish officials .have called tohigh heaven for vengeance. Men, from the governor-general down, sought government positions in the Philippines in order to make their fortunes, and it was a common saying that a governor who could not in three years retire with a competency was a fool. Every man had his price, and it was almost impossible to get goods through the customs without bribing the officers. A business man in Manila imported some cotton goods. He declared them correctly at the customs, but could not get them passed. After nearly two months of vexa-tious delays a customs officer said to him, "How would you like to pay $300 or $400 to get your goods through?" This was about as much profit as he expect-ed to make on the entire consignment. He said, "I will not give you a cent." The next day he received a notice from the customs that his goods had been examined and found to be silk, and he was fined $5,000. He had his appeal, of course, but he would have to bribe some one in order to get it presented to the higher authorities, and then there was no hope of his ever getteng back a cent. A. merchant told me that he had some goods stolen out of the custom house (a not infrequent occur-rence), and after exhausting every effort locally to obtain redress he sent his claim to the foreign office in London. They sent it to the Spanish government through the British minister at Madrid, and, finally, five years after the good's had been stolen, he received press copies of instructions from the Spanish govern-ment to the Manila customs to pay. He received their decision, which was as follows: "The government or-dered A and B to pay conjointly. A is dead and cannot pay; therefore B is not responsible." The native had to pay tax on everything, the paper on which he wrote a letter, the buffalo that ploughed his fields, his chickens and even upon the eggs they laid. The governors monopolized the trade of their districts; They fixed their own purchasing price, and sold, of course, at current/  market rates. No conscience was shown by any officerin his rigorous exactions from the natives. The expenses of legal proceedings were so enormous 