"rt4E AiViEIRICAN SENITINEL. 5 of hosts." Speed on the work of the Master with half the power expended on the Sabbath-law work, and the world would stand aghast at the revival of the Church. Therefore, as the use of force is in direct opposition to the method and teach-ing of Christ, and the fundamental pre-cepts of Christianity, Christianity repu-diates the use of force in the observance of its institutions. The institutions of a religion are part of that religion, and to enforce a religious institution is to enforce part of a religion. But such enforcement involves a prior de-cision of the courts as to what religion is true and what false; and if law enforce what it deems the true religion, it must, as violation of law, suppress what it deems false religion. It would thus de-clare itself infallible, and its edicts would be the manifestoes of an inquisition. To enforce the observance of the Sabbath is to place a religious dogma in the statute law, and to discriminate against certain sects oy establishing a tenet held by an opposing religion. To force the observ-ance of a religious institution on a man whose conscience rebels, is religious per-secution, and no sophistry can evade it. The profound and learned American jurist, Judge Cooley, says; "The law discriminates against the religion of the seventh-day observer by forcing him to keep a second Sabbath in each week, thus unjustly punishing him for his belief. The argument which he may make who has already observed the seventh day of of the week is unanswerable." Thus the learned judge declares that such enforce-ment punishes certain citizens for a reli-gious belief. And such punishment is persecution. All history tells that pagan, Jew, and professed Christian have per-secuted other religions because they thought them false. Yet, strong in our prejudice, we seem to think that men have changed; that we may enact such laws, and fan the smouldering embers, yet produce no flame. But we must admit what evidence proves true. Allow me to read but two of many letters received. The first is from Judge U. M. Rose, a member of the State Bar Association of Arkansas, and one of the leading lawyers of the State :Š Dear Sir : Yours received. The law passed in this State in 1885, requiring all persons to keep Sunday as a day of rest, although they might religiously keep some other day of the week, has since been re-pealed. The act of 1885 was found to work oppres-sively on persons believing that Saturday is the Christian as well as the Jewish Sabbath; and hence its repeal. It was manifestly unjust to them as well as to the Jews. You ask me to express my opinion as to the propriety of such legislation as that contained in the repealed act. Nothing can exceed my abhorrence of any kind of legislation that has for its object the restraint of any class of men in.the exercise of their religious opinions. It is the fundamental basis of our Government that every man shall be allowed to worship God accord-ing to the dictates of his own conscience. It was  certainly not a little singular that while in our churches the command was regularly read at stated times requiring all men to keep the Sabbath, which amongst the Jews, to whom the command, was ad-dressed, was the seventh day of the week, men should be prosecuted and convicted in the courts for doing so. As a civil requirement, my opinion is that any legislation that attempts to control the conscience of men as to the discharge of religious duty, can only be the result of that ignorance and fanaticism which for centuries proved to be the worst curse that ever afflicted humanity. Very respectfully yours, U. M. ROSE. To Whom It May Concern: We, the undersigned, herewith testify that the recent prosecutions against the observers of the seventh-day Sabbath, in our vicinity, have brought to light a religious intolerance and a spirit of per-secution, the existence whereof a great many im-agined not to exist any more in our time. J. F. FAIRCHILD, M. D. E. E. WOODCOCK. Potash Sulphur Springs, Arkansas. When religious opinions conflict, com-pulsory conformity to an institution in which the victim can not believe, it is reli, gious persecution. Therefore, the institu-tion of the Sabbath enforced by civil law is religious tyrannyŠreligious persecu-tion. What Do They Want? THE first number of a paper entitled, Political Dissenter, published at the office of the Christian Statesman, is before me. Its first page reveals the object to which it aims. It holds that " consistent follow-ers of Christ must stand aloof from any association which . . . places itself . . . in antagonism to the law of Christ." The writer refers to our Constitution as being antagonistic to the law of Christ; for he immediately adds, " Not until the loyal followers of the King of kings shall faith-fully carry out this principle will they control the social and political life of the Nation." This plainly reveals the fact that the party of which the Dissenter is spokes-man, are aiming to get the control of the political life of the Nation. On the same page is a report of a sermon preached by Dr. R. M. Patterson, editor of the Presbyterian Journal, of Philadel-phia, and indorsed by the editor of the !Dissenter, in which it is said :Š The preacher's aim was to show that this Nation was designed of God in his providence to be a Prot-estant Christian nation; and that either secularism on the one hand, and Romanism on the other hand, if carried out in our national life, would revolu-tionize our political being. In stirring strains of eloquence the preacher called upon all loyal Amer-ican citizens to resist the encroachments of both the secular and Roman Catholic theories of civil government, which are menacing what is dearest and best in our civil and political institutions. From this representation it is clear that there are two rival bodies, each professing the Christian religion, who are striving to get the control of our civil Govern-ment. We ask, What difference will it make to dissenters which of the two suc-ceeds ? The aim of each is the same, to control the civil power for their own ad- vancement above all rivals. And the his-tory of the past proves what will be the result in either caseŠthe persecution of those who dissent from them. If one is to lose his head for dissent, what odds does it make whether it is a Catholic or " Protestant Christian Nation " that takes it off ? But though the preacher claimed that this Nation was designed of God to be a Protestant Christian Nation, the reporter affirms that according to the written Con-stitution of the United States, this is not a Christian Nation at all. Why ? Be-cause it places " Mohammedanism and infidelity, and even atheism, on a perfect equality at the national councils with Christianity itself." Here is the rub : our Constitution, as well as the immortal Declaration, accords to all men equal rights. Like God it is no respecter of persons or of sects. This principle Na-tional Reformers are trying to subvert. They deplore the fact that it places others on a perfect equality at the national coun-cils with themselves. They want the " Protestant Christian " religion elevated above all others in the national councils, and yet they don't want a union of Church and State! Don't they ? R. F. COTTRELL. Apply the Principles. A CORRESPONDENT of the Examiner writ-ing in reference to the Roman Catholic Church and the State of New Jersey, says :Š The State has no right to inquire into religious belief that it may defend it and propagate it. The State has no right to take public funds that it may teach a church catechism or celebrate the mass. The State has no right, by its strong arm, to make any one remain in the confines of the Romish Church. If the Romish Church should erect build-ings, and pay teachers from its own funds, it could not have a more distinctively church reformatory than it has to-day in the New Jersey State reform school. Policies and politics have turned their backs upon fundamental principles. In this little State there is a virtual alliance of Church and State ; the Commonwealth has become an annex of the Church. When the various religious bodies of the State entered their formal protest against this public outrage, the statesmen of all grades dwindled into politicians and had no ears. In Pennsylvania, New York, Massachusetts, the same attack has been made, with partial success. . . Rome, as a political institution, making attack upon the foun-dation beliefs of the Republic, must be opposed and defeated. The people must be trained up to this high resolve; the public schools shall not be changed into parochial schools, the State institu-tions shall not be changed into church institutions. These would be most creditable expres-sions if only they were given as general principles and not as partisan utterances. They are principles and apply with the same force to the Protestant Church as a whole, or to any denomination of that Church, as they 'do to the Roman Catholic Church. Those who give such reasons as these for their opposition to Roman Catholic domi-nation must acknowledge them as of uni-versal application, or confess themselves 