444 AMERICAN SENTINEL. warned of the fruits of transgression, but still left as free as the zephyrs that stirred the foliage intheir Eden home. How easy it would have been to have prevented all that sin has wrought, had it been just in God's sight to enact even one measure to restrict man's will in regard to the service due the Lord. But a Being of love, as God is (1 John 4:8, 16) could accept only a service of love, and this could be rendered only by beings capable of serving the Creator from choice. When man was placed in this position, there was a possibility that his choice would fall on the wrong side. What a short step it would have been to have deprived man of the power of going wrong ! But He that "spake and it was done," did not deviate from the ways of right.. eousness. After man fell through the influence of the wily tempter, and was no longer the free being that he was before, God pledged the sacrifice of heaven's best Gift that he might again liberate man's will. Gen. 3:15. Passing through the centuries, we come to the time when God saw the wickedness of man was so great in the earth, that every imagination of the thoughts of his heart was only evil continually; and we find that God bore with their unbridled iniquity for one hundred and twenty years. If ever there was need of a "national reform move-ment," certainly there was need of it then. But do we find the divinely-instructed Noah trying to effect the pas-sage and enforcement of laws that would restrain that noble race from their course of immorality? No; we find only the record of his life of faith, and his preaching of righteousness. And after the great ark was finished, do we read that God caused man to go into the ark with the beasts? No; man was free to do as he pleased, and God could but close the great door on those that had obeyed the call of mercy. We find all through the Scriptures striking evidences of God's plan to leave man free. He would devise ways almost without number to cause man to turn from the ways of death. When one servant was maltreated and the covenant people strayed from the ways of life, the yearning heart of infinite Love would institute other means whereby those that would might see and turn from the ways of death. And finally,lthe treasures of the universe were poured out in the gift of the onlyŁbegotten Son. He came to a people that, were in daily expectation of the Messiah, whom they thought would so reform the nation that the Jewish people might compel all to con-form to the principles of the religion for which they were such ardent sticklers. But in all of the life of Christ do we find one instance of trying to reform the nation as such? He wrestled with the woes of this life for upwards of thirty-three years, and proclaimed the good news of  salvation throughout the length and breadth of Judea in such divine power that the hardened officer returned word to the bigoted priests that "never man spake like this,man." Whenever the touch or cry of distressed hu-manity reached him, his divine virtue went out to them  In a degree that filled them with unutterable love and restored the stricken form to a condition of perfect health. All this was themanifestation of the life of God in mortal clay. In all those years of our Saviour, who had all power in heaven and earth, can we point out one instance where he favored compulsion in the least degree. No; never do we detect the slightest indication of a spirit to use other than persuasive means to cause men to accept the offers of redeeming love. Amid a scene of universal rejoicing, that noble spirit was overcome by grief at the sight of the city that would not yield to the gentle pleadings of infinite Love. If our divine Pattern would not compel even an as-sent to the doctrine he came from the throne of the uni-verse to promulgate, how can fallen, sinful men engage in a work of judging and condemning their fellow-mor-tals? "If any man have not the spirit of Christ, he is none of his." 1.-4 . Religion in the Schools in Australia. IN Australia there exists a "National Scripture Edu-cation League," the purpose of which is to secure the teaching of religion in the public schools. In pursuance of this object, a meeting of the League was held in Mel- bourne, May 20, which was attended by about one hun-dred clergymen of the city and suburbs. Bishop Goe, of the Church of England, presided. The following com-ments relating to the occasion are from the Bible Echo (Melbourne), of June 7:Š "The object which the League has in view, as stated by the chairman, is `the introduction of religion into our State schools.' And a communication read by the secre-tary stated that ' it is only through the ballot box that we can succeed.' The League, therefore, is evidently a religio-political organization. In view of this, it is not strange that the following resolution was introduced, and, with the exception of the negative vote of the writer, unanimously passed:Š " ' That the ministers of religion and laymen here present pledge themselves to make every exertion to stir up the people in their districts so as to secure the return of members of Parliament favorable to the restoration of Scripture teaching in our State schools, and for this purpose pledge themselves to vote for no candidate whose opinions are not in harmony with the programme of the League.' "This, as must be apparent to all, contemplates a purely political campaign. It means that both ministers and laymen shall engage actively in the business of polit-ical engineering, and shall `make every exertion' to con-trol the votes of the people, even by going to the length of obtaining beforehand a distinct 'pledge' from the elect-ors that they will vote only as the League wishes them to vote. This is politics straight. "And how purely political this movement is may be better appreciated from statements made by Professor Harper in introducing the foregoing resolution. He said, ' We are going to have some power.' Of course he meant 