650 AMERICAN SENTINEL. THE Filipinos, said the President in a recent speech, "will not be governed as vassals or serfs or slavesŠthey will be given a government of liberty, regulated by law, honestly administered without oppressive exaction, tax-ation without tyranny; justice without bribe, education without distinction of social conditions, freedom of reli-gious worship and protection in life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." Then a good many people in the United States will want to go and live in the Philippines. Such paragon government will not be vouchsafed to Americans at home, it is safe to say. The Point of View. THE point of view is a very essential matter in ob-taining a correct conception of the thing that is viewed. As a half truth is generally a whole lie, so the point of view which discloses only a half truth about something is one that leads the observer into complete error. This is illustrated in the following which we note in an exchange:Š "Dr. Woolsey recently performed a new sort of oper-ation on an idiot child's skull at Bellevue Hospital, in this city, for the purpose of curing idiocy. The child died, and the doctor said: 'The operation was entirely successful from my point of view. The only trouble was that the child had not sufficient vitality to stand the shock.' "The only trouble was that the operation killed the child. Now, if Christian Scientists are to be prosecuted for manslaughter whenever a patient dies on their hands, notwithstanding that the patient wants to die that way, and that the healer does nothing to kill him, what shall be done with Dr. Woolsey? We might say of the Christian Science patient that he might have lived had it not been for what the healer didn't do to him. But in the other case the boy would certainly be alive to-day had not it been for what Dr. Woolsey did to him. Custom is a mighty thing and habits of thought are bard to break." Dr. Schurman on His Sulu Bargain. New York "World." DR. JACOB GOULD SCHURMAN is president of Cornell University and one of the foremost educators of Ameri-can youth. Mr. McKinley sent him to the Philippines as president of a peace commission. In yesterday's World Dr. Schurman gave us an account of his visit to the polygamous and slave-holding Sultan of Sulu, and of the bargain he made with that potentate in the name of the American people. He found this little $3,000-a-year Sultan living in a mansion that reminded him of "the old farm-houses of  the New England States"Šsuch, for instance, as those in which Wendell Phillips and Garrison and the other slavery-haters were nurtured. But this "New England farm-house" had its polygamous harem, and its master was the holder of human slaves, and with him Dr. Schur-man made a treaty binding the United States to toler-ate his harem, to sanction his slave-holding, and to pay him and his chiefs for the maintenance of their harems and their droves of slaves these following sums per month:Š To the Sultan, - $250 To Dato Puto, - $60 To Dato Rajah Muda, 75 To Dato Amir Haissin, 60 To Dato Attik, - 60 To Hadji Butu, - 50 To Dato Calbe, - 75 To Habib Mura, - 40 To Dato Joakanain, 75 To Serif Saguin, - 15 Speaking of the treaty he made, Mr. Schurman says:Š "Since returning to the United States, I have noticed some criticism of the fact that slavery is permitted to continue in the Sulu group." "Criticism?" Impossible, Dr. Schurman! Dr. Schurman continues:Š "Surely no one acquainted with tbe conditions could criticise this!" Surely not! Mr. Schurman further says:Š "Slavery is a recognized institution in the Sulus. If we attempted to take it away there is no telling what might happen. Certainly it would be to our disadvan-tage." "Disadvantage?" "No telling what might hap- pen?" Mr. Schurman adds:Š "So long as peace is maintained we will be wise to let well enough alone." "Well enough?" Is slavery "well enough?" Is po - lygamy "well enough?" Again, Mr. Schurman says:Š "We cannot afford to interfere with their religion and their ancient practises so long as they do not con-flict with American authority and government in the islands." "Ancient practises"Šof polygamy and slavery! And "under American authority and government!" Has Dr. Schurman ever heard of the most strenuous war in history, a war which cost this nation billions of treasure and hundreds of thousands of lives? Has he ever heard that all this treasure, all this torrent of blood, was the price paid, and paid gladly, that these words might be added to the Constitution of the United States? "Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude shall exist within the United States or -any place subject to their jurisdiction." 