314 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. cause the State cannot make good men. The State is a natural thing. It springs from men in the natural state, and there is no power in nature, or in any natural process, or thing, to make men good. Nothing but the power of God as revealed in Jesus Christ can ever make men good. But that is a supernatural thing. It was supernaturally manifested in Jesus Christ, and is now supernaturally impressed upon men and cultivated in them. Goodness is a fruit of the Spirit of God ; and the promise of the Spirit of God is received only through faith, of which Jesus Christ is " the author and finisher." The State knows nothing of faith, and. has nothing to do with faith. It is impossible, there-fore,, for the State to make good. men, and any professed. minister of the gospel of Christ who attributes such power to the State as is here attributed. by Mr. Ash-mun, virtually denies the purpose and the power of Christianity. If the State can make men good, then assuredly there is no need of any other power. If the State can make men good, there is no need of Christianity to make them good, and there was no need of Christ's corning clown to this earth to make them good. But it may be urged that Mr. Ashmun did not mean morally good but only civilly good.. This, however, is not true. He means morally good, for he says:Š The State has a right to see that the education is such as to make safe citizens. The education must be moral. This is the most important part. The State has a right to educate in what it most needs. When men of ability prostitute their power to basest evil; when money will corrupt thoroughly educated men; when political leaders are so often unsafe, and when men of no mean intellectual parts are found supporting and advocating the saloon, vile literature and anarchy, it is time for us to awake to the fact that what we want is not so much power as its proper control. That character is first, and not as a work of supererogation. Not as a patch on the garment but as the very warp, the fiber of its being. It is said it belongs to the family and the Church. Yes, but the child is in school during a greater part of its most impressible years, and its character is formed whether you will or not. And with many children the only good moral training they ever receive is in school. I go still farther and say that the education must be to a degree Christian. I know this is disputed ground, but I am confident of the correctness of my position. Otherwise you leave no real distinction between right and wrong. The only ground of responsibility is the divine law. Expediency changes with public sentiment which fluctuates with desire. You cannot teach good morals successfully, without touching their root. Responsibility roots in the divine law. The object of education is the prime end of man himself. To make good citizens you must make good men. That shows plainly enough that what he means is moral good, and indeed such moral good as only Christianity contem-plates. Then there comes another consid-eration upon this, which is, that if the State even through the use of the Chris-tian religion in the public schools, can make men good, then what is the use of the Church, and what was the Church instituted for ? When men who belong to  the Church, who profess to speak for the Church, and who profess to be ministers of the gospel of Christ, thus put their dependence in the power of the State to make effectual the purposes of Christian-ity, it is a sorry condition of things. Mr. Ashmun attempts to have the State make a distinction between right and wrong. This is as wide of the truth as any other of his statements. The State knows no such thing, nor can it know any such thing, as a " real distinction between right and wrong." The State only knows rights and wrongs, and the distinction be-tween these. Men have rights Šin the State they have equal rights. For one to infringe the rights of another is to commit a wrong, and the State deals with it only as this kind of a wrong. The State cannot make of it any question of real right or wrong in a moral point of view. The prime defect in this whole system is that those who talk thus, and. expect the State to accomplish those things, hold. the view that the State is a person, and in fact, a moral person; that it is an individ-ual, distinct from the citizens who compose it, as one individual is distinct from an-other. But the State is no such thing. The State is no more of a personality than the Patriotic Order of the Sons of Amer-ica is a personality. The State as an in-dividual cannot do anything. The action of the State is only the action of the ma-jority of the individuals that compose it, or of their representatives. It becomes their action, theirs is the responsibility ; and the morality or the immorality, the real right or wrong of what is done at-taches to the individual men who are concerned in it. The State is not an end; it is only a means by which to accomplish an end. It is an organization formed by men by which to protect themselves and the rights which they possess, and that is all that it is. Again he says :Š It is not safe to give men liberty unless you make them responsible. You dare not let untamed beasts roam at will. Here again appears the same blemish that exists throughout the whole sermon. That is, that the State is all and in all, and it gives the people all things, even liberty. The State does not give the peo-ple liberty. The people have liberty. It is an inalienable right. " Men are en-dowed by their Creator with certain in-alienable rights, among which are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." Despotism may invade this right, but justice still maintains it. The State is not first; the people are first. The State does not make the people what they are; God or the people-  make people what they are, and the people make the State what it is. Mr. Ashmun's idea that men are a set of untamed beasts is strictly compatible with his view of what the State iseft If men are untamed beasts, of course, it is  necessary to have some power to hold. them fast, and if they are ever to be anything more than that, to train them and instruct them so that they may be so. But so long as men are men, and. not untamed beasts, there is no need. of any such theocratical paternalism as was set forth to the Patri-otic Order of the Sons of America, by the Rev. E. H. Ashmun. A. T. J. Congress of the American Secular Union. THE Fourteenth Annual Congress of the American Secular Union has been appointed by the Board of Directors to meet at Portsmouth, Ohio, Friday even-ing, October 31, 1890, and to continue its sessions on the Saturday and Sunday fol-lowing. The meetings will be held in the Grand Opera House, corner of Sixth and Court streets. We quote as follows from President Westbrook's published call for the Con-gress : Š The object of the American Secular Union, as is well known, is to secure the total separation of Church and State, in fact and in form, to the end that equal rights in religion, genuine morality in politics, and freedom, virtue, and brotherhood be established, protected, and perpetuated. While we unite on what is commonly known as the Nine Demands of Secularism, we propose to emphasize the following at the coming Congress :- 1. The equitable taxation of church porperty in common with other property. 2. The total discontinuance of religious instruc-tion and worship in the public schools, and espe-cially the reading of any Bible. 3. The repeal and prevention of all laws enforcing the observance of Sunday as a religious institution rather than an economic one, justified by physiolog-ical and other secular reasons. 4. The cessation of all appropriations of the pub-lic funds for educational and charitable institutions of a sectarian character. The American Secular Union is strictly unsec-tarian and non-partisan in both religion and politics, but will use any and all honorable means to secure its objects as above stated. It is not, either publicly or privately, committed to the advancement of any system of religious belief or disbelief, but heartily welcomes all persons, of whatever faith, to its membership, on the basis gf " no union of Church and State." The word " secular " is here used in the broadest sense, as applied to the State, and not to any system of religious philosophy. To discuss these questions in an orderly and friendly manner, and to devise ways and means to promote these objects, let us come together at this Congress as Free Thinkers, Spiritualists, Unitarians, Universalists, Free Religionists, Quakers, progres-sive Jews, and liberal Christians, and laying aside our peculiar views on religious questions, unite as American citizens on the one broad platform of no union of Church and State, and the complete ad-ministration of our secular Government on purely secular principles. The Nine Demands of Secularism re-ferred to in the foregoing are as follows :- 1. We demand that churches and other ecclesias-tical property shall be no longer exempt from just taxation. 2. We demand that the employment of chaplains in Congress, in State Legislatures, in the navy and militia, and in prisons, asylums, and all other in-stitutions supported by public money, shall be dis-continued. 3. We demand that all public appropriations for 