AMERICAN SENTINEL. 617 archs, such as that "the king can do no wrong," and that the subjects of the king were bound to obey him in all things. But always, it has affirmed the truth that men are by right free and independent, not only in the-ory, but by requiring every man to act in harmony with it. It has required men always to disobey any com-mand, backed up by no matter how much of human au-thority which conflicted with the right. And in thus disobeying the commands of human governments, Christians have affirmed the truth of what the Declara-tion of Independence says, that "all men are created equal," and "are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights." They have proclaimed this to be true, and that the institutions of despotism existed not because they were right, but only because of divine tol-erance. Words vs. Actions. Im is a strange echo of The Hague Peace Conference that is now heard vin South Africa. It was supposed that material progress had been made at that confer-ence in the direction of establishing the principle of ar-bitration for the settlement of international disputes; and there were facts to justify this supposition. As The World (N. Y.) s ys:Š "The Peace Conference at The Hague agreed upon an elaborate scheme of arbitration, intended to prevent such wars as that which Great Britain seems now to be forcing upon the Boers. "It agreed that every effort to arbitrate should be exhausted before resort should be had to force; that the parties to every quarrel should invoke arbitration, and that neutral powers should be free to offer mediation without offense, even after armed conflict should have begun. "As an additional inducement to peaceful adjudica-tion the conference agreed upon a permanent court of arbitration open to all countries, whether signatory powers or not, and a permanent bureau through which appeals might be made to that court. "There was no authority of course to compel any power to submit its case to that court, but it was agreed that all the signatory powers held themselves morally bound to do so in every case not otherwise arbitrated or settled by negotiation, except such as involved the national honor, independence or sover-eignty." And now England is pursuing a course which raises a question as to her sincerity in standing for arbitra-tion at The Hague. And with this is raised the question whether others of the great powers were sincere,Šwhether any of them, with the golden prize glittering before its eyes which England sees in the Transvaal, would be any more ready than England is to risk its possible loss by arbitration. Does any nation love a principle of righteousness more than it loves gold? The question at issue, says The World, "is clearly  one of those that should be settled by arbitration, and the Boers have earnestly besought Great Britain to sub-mit it to that kind of impartial adjudication, stipulat-ing only that one of the five arbitrators shall be selected by an entirely neutral governmentŠthat of Switzerland or that of the United States preferred. "England rejects this proposal. Her excuse is that the Transvaal is not an independent state. But that is precisely the question in dispute, and no less eminent an English statesman than Sir William Vernon Harcourt says with emphasis: 'The Transvaal's independence is complete. Even in foreign affairs the only thing re-served is the final approval of the Queen to treaties ne-gotiated.' " England is not going to war with the Transvaal for the love of fighting. If war comes, it will be waged, on her part, for the establishment of British supremacy throughout South Africa. And the reason for estab-lishing that supremacy is that "trade follows the flag," and trade means wealth. And as a first instalment of that coming wealth there will fall into herpossession the richest gold mines in the world. The love of money is still the root of all evil; and in these days of national grasping after wealth, the question of peace or war among the nations is deter-mined almost wholly by that of which one the love of money demands. Religious Significance of Imperialism. IT has been pointed out in previous issues of the SENTINEL that imperialism is against Christianity; that it is contrary to Christianity in principle, and against it in practise as illustrated by the situation in the Phil-ippine Islands. We do not, however, depend upon anti-imperialist sources for a statement of the religious sig-nificance of the national imperialist policy. This was made by Dr. Lyman Abbott, who is both an ardent "expansionist" and a "representative Christian," at the late International congregational Council in Boston. Dr. Abbott put the gospel behind imperialism as the proper order to be followed in the work of evangelizing the world; stating that gospel mission work, going before the sword of imperialism in foreign lands, has been practically a failure. The significance of his words lies not in the fact that Dr. Abbott personally holds such views, but in the fact that, as the leading repre-sentative of the war-indorsing clergy of the land, he spoke for them and laid down the line upon which the issue for or against imperialism is to be fought out in_ the forum of the church. The gist and meaning of Mr. Abbott's speech are well set forth in the following which we quote from the Springfield Republican (Mass.) of September 24:Š "It is fortunate for the discussion of our burning and all-important Philippine problem that one of its 