AMERICAN SENTINEL. 397 home, but no one objects Ito have the type for the Mon-day morning paper set on Sunday, as it always is. We remember an extremely saintly and aristocratic news-paper proprietor now gathered to his fathers who felt this anomaly touch his conscience, and to prevent scan-dal always had the blinds pulled down and the shutters closed in the printing office on Sunday nights.ŠCatholic Standard and Times. A. STRONG clerical agitation has been started in this city [Rome] and throughout Italy, having for its object . the creation of the pope as president of the international arbitration tribunal which it is expected will be estab-lished by the powers following the peace conference at The Hague. Before the conference both Russia and France tried hard to have a representative of the Vati-can invited to The Hague, but Italy's opposition was so persistent that theyhad to give in. Now it is believed that all, or nearly all, the great powers would support the pope for president of the international tribunal and that in such circumstances Italy would not oppose his election.ŠPress cablegram from Rome. BISHOP MCCABE, of the Methodist Episcopal Church, is not content with our shot-gun and Bible policy in the Philippines. He now desires to carry the war into Europe and make the Sultan crawl. "I long to see the day," he says, "when Dewey will be before Constantino-ple demanding religious liberty for the Turks, with the bombardment of the Turkish capital as the alternative." If the United States is to continue its policy of inter-meddling in the affairs of other nations the Sultan is a proper subject for attack. To be sure, the fighting Turks are a proposition totally different from the Spaniards, and the European powers might resent American inter-ference in European affairs. But that would be quite immaterial. Have we not just thrashed Spain and made effete old Europe shake in her shoes? Let our fighting parsons have their way and Uncle Sam will soon be tack-ling all creation. Meantime, before Bishop McCabe be-gins a crusade for religious freedom in the Levant, Europe, it might be well for him to turn his attention to the question of religious freedom in Levant, Maine [where a preacher who had committed no crime was re-cently tarred and feathered by a mob].ŠEastern Argus (Portland, Maine). A Card. To all interested in carrying the gospel of Jesus Christ to the inhabitants of other lands and who desire to assist in supporting missionaries already placed and others who may engage in the work, the opportunity is given to make an offering to the Foreign Mission Board of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination. Such donations should be sent to the FOREIGN MIS-SION BOARD, 150 Nassau Street, New York. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write Names Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bans Draft on New York. Personal cheeks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. AMERICAN SENTIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom-promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. Single Copy, Per Year $1.00. Six months - .50. Three months .25. ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York. Sunbeams of ealtt? anb Temperance. This is a unique work in which the author has under-taken to present a vast amount of inter-esting information in such a manner as to be not only instructive but entertaining. The following are the titles of the prin-cipal sections of the work : The Home We Live In; The Habitations of Men; Some Strange People and Their Strange Manners The Bills of Fare of all Nations ; Dame Fashion and Her Slaves; Health and Temperance Miscellany; Hygiene for Young Folks. Over 224 quarto pages. Illustrated by hundreds of engravings. One of the most interesting volumes ever published. Regular price. We will send postpaid. Cloth, plain edges, $2.25. $1.25. Cloth, gilt edges, 2.50. 1.50. Pacific Press Publishing Co., 39 Bond Street, New York. 