104 SIEINT7PINIEL VOL. 11, No. 13. 111 1171!  o—,  sp  4. ,,,e2 Ł ''IRR or ANY one rel. fling the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. THE next number of the 'SENTINEL will be devoted to the discussion of religious liberty in Canada. For terms for extra copies, see preceding page. THE National Reformers never met a more crushing defeat than in the hearing on the proposed " Christian" amendment before the Judiciary Committee of the House on the 11th inst. THE members of the committee are readers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL, and could not be deceived by the sophistry of the National Reformers. They wanted explicit and clear-out statements of the purpose and scope of the proposed amendment. PERSISTENT questioning drew out .from Professor Coleman, of Allegheny, Pa., the declaration that he did not support the Con-stitution; had not taken the oath of allegiance to this Government; had not voted and never would vete or hold office under the present Constitution; that he was not in fact an American citizen, but an imported Scotch Covenanter. PROFESSOR COLEMAN soon retired discom-fited, and Dr. McAllister, editor of the Christian Statesman, undertook to repair the National Reform fences. Brit it was a hopeless case. The questions from the committee continued. The following are samples :Š Ques. If the Bible is placed in the Constitution, does it not become a part of the law of the land? Ans. Yes.' Q. If, then, the Bible is the law of the land, must not the Supreme Court give its construction to the Bible as law? A. Yes. Q. If, then, the Supreme Court decides that the Bible Sabbath is Saturday and not Sunday, will not all citizens be compelled by law to keep Saturday in-stead of Sunday? No answer. " The doctor was caught in his own trap," writes a spectator; " he was putting a boom-erang into the Constitution; he was enthron-ing the Bible thereŠnot the Bible as he un-derstood it, but the Bible as construed by the Supreme Court. That construction, for the time being, would be the law of the land, and the State could enforce Saturday as the Sab-bath, immersion as baptism, etc. Where would the Scotch Covenanters be then ?" THE effect of the hearing upon the com-mittee is indicated most unmistakably by the fact that at a meeting of the whole committee  on the 17th inst., it was decided unanimously not to report the proposed amendment. Exit National Reform for 1896! THE so-called Lord's day Act of the Prov-ince of Ontario, like Constantine's famous Sunday edict of A. D. 321, does not apply to agricultural laborers. A bill has been intro-duced into the Provincial Legislature at To-ronto to extend the " law" so as to prohibit all secular labor, except works of necessity or mercy,on Sunday. The demand for the change in the "law" comes from the County of Essex, where there are quite a number of Advent-ists. MR. CRAFTS, he of the " National Bureau of Reforms," visited Baltimore recently, accord-ing to the Herald, of that city, and preached in the Second Presbyterian Church on the 15th inst., on his favorite theme, "The Amer-ican Sabbath." Among other things he said : " We are told that the complicated civiliza-tion of the 19th century' requires that sab-bath observance and sabbath laws should be relaxed." " But," said he, " more than ever before we should see to it that neither ourselves nor others cause any Sunday work except of necessity or charity." FOR more than twenty years there has been a growing demand in London for the opening of the national museums and art galleries on Sunday. In 1874 the proposition was rejected by Parliament by a majority of more than two hundred votes. The opposition was largely on religious grounds. Last week the propo-sition was again before Parliament, and the vote was 178 in favor of Sunday opening, and only 93 against it. On this occasion organ-ized labor united with organized religion in opposing Sunday opening until the assurance was given that it should not impose seven days' work per week.  upon any attendant or employ4. NOTWITHSTANDING the adverse report on the Morse Sunday bill by the Commissioners of the District of Columbia, the National Bureau of Reforms and the Churchman's League are urging a favorable report on the substitute bill introduced on the 5th inst., at the instigation of W. F. Crafts, who has twice appeared before the commissioners, once on the 6th inst., and again on the 18th, to urge a favorable report upon the measure. It is said that his idea is that if a precedent can once be established for Sunday legislation of that character by Congress, it will obviate the necessity for any religious amendment to the Constitution. WE have received word from Toronto, Ont., that the appealed cases of the three Seventh-day Adventist ministers, A. 0. Bur-ril, P. M. Howe, and William Simpson, con-victed before a justice of the peace at Ridgetown, Ont., in December last, of violating the  " Lord's Day Act," by working on Sunday, was argued in the Divisional ,Court in Toronto, March 16. Chief Justice Meredith presided, in company with Justices Rose and Street. The court gave its decision on the 17th, sus-taining the action of the lower court, without costs. The defendants will accordingly be sent to serve out their sentences in jail, which are forty days each for ministers Howe and Simpson, and sixty days for Elder Burrill. Special attention will be given these cases in our next issue. ON the evening of March 12, the first of a series of drawing-room meetings under the auspices of the " Woman's National Sabbath Alliance," was held in New York City, at the residence of Mrs. William E. Dodge. The president of the alliance, Mrs. Darwin R. James, presided, and stated the object of the new organization to be "an alliance of women throughout the country for the maintenance of the Scriptural law of Sabbath observance, and to enlist Christian women in organized resistance to the = constantly increasing en-croachments upon the sanctity of the sabbath through the Sunday newspapers, Sunday en-tertainments, and Sunday travel for pleasure or profit." THE National Bureau of Reforms is authority for the announcement that, at the suggestion of Archbishop J. J. Keene, rector of the Roman Catholic University of Washington, D. C., a change has been asked for in the Sunday bill for the District of Co- lumbia, now before Congress. This bill, which we printed March 12, prohibits " en-tertainments for which admittance fees are charged." Bishop Keene desires the insertion of the word " secular " before entertainments. This is presumably that the bill may not cut off any of the revenues of the Roman Catholic Church, which might otherwise be the case. " More friends will be lost than gained by this change in the bill," says the Christian Statesman. THE gospel of Christ is ." the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth." Rom. 1 : 16. The devil's gospelŠfor he can transform himself into an angel of light (2 Cor. 11: 14)Šis, salvation(?) through outward religious forms by the power of compulsion to all who can be subjected thereto, without re-gard to belief or conscience. AMERICAN SENTINEL. $et for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 and under 25 copies to one address, 1 year - The 25 and under 50 " 44 44 1 - 60c " 50 and under 100 " 46 44 1 44 55.0  100 or more 44 44 1  44 50, To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 1 " - 5s Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. MARCH 26, 1896. 