A~TLRICAN SENTINEL.' 105 of Deity that men shall not work on Sunday; but this is not the slightest reason why he should sustain the constitutionality of a Sunday law. He may think it is the will of Deity that no interest should be taken for the use of money; yet he dare not refuse to give judgment for its recovery in any amount provided for by the law. It is surely the will of Deity that the'rich creditor should be merciful to his impoverished debtor; but the judge must sustain an execution for the uttermost farthing, under the harshest conditions, unless the will of the State, as expressed in its law, allows some exemptions. In short, the will of Deity, so far as the official action of the judge is concerned, is that he shall do his duty, and that duty consists in complying with his official oath to support the Constitution. We see, then, that the judge who permits his view of the Sunday law (or any other law in free America) to be clouded by his notions of what are and what are not commands of Deity, confounds the official character of the legislator with his individual character, and his own duty, as a judge with his duty as a man. And one who does this manifestly approaches the decision of the con-stitutionality of the Sunday law or its construction, in a non-judicial frame Of mind. -4 A  " Enforcing " the Ten Commandments. KŁ. J. Waggoa,r, tn, Signs of the Times. THE law of God, which is his righteousness, is the one thing which men are to seek. Christ said, "I know that his commandment is life everlasting." John 12:50: We also are to know the same thing. The law itself is spir-itual; it is life everlasting. But life is not a figment, a fancy; it is real, and wherever there is life there must be something living. When we read that the commandment is life everlast-ing, it does not mean that the written characters are life. They simply declare the fact. Everlasting life is in Jesus Christ. "As the Father hath life in himself, so hath he given to the Son to have life in himself.." John 5:26. He is the fountain of life. Ps. 36:9; Jer. 2:13. c 'The commandment or law of God is everlasting life because it is his own life. Then it is the life of the Spirit of God; and putting the Spirit of God into the hearts of men puts the life of God there. It is the law of the Spirit of life in Christ, that gives freedom and peace with God. "The Spirit is life, because of righteousness;" and "if any man have not the Spirit of Christ, he is none of his." Rom. 8:1, 2, 9, 10. -Nothing less than the life of Christ is the law of God; and anything contrary to the life of Christ is condemned. Then we can leave the right of any body of men to en-force the law of God entirely outside of the question. It is merely a question of power. Has it the power to en-force the law of God? Has any government on earth power to take the life of God and put it into the hearts of its subjects? Certainly not. Then when men do make religious laws, and enforce religion upon people, it is certain that they are not en forcing the religion of Christ. Therefore, when they do that, those who are loyal to Christ can have no complic-ity with it whatever. It is paganism, no matter what form of truth there may be. It is but the form without the power or life. If such enforcement is put in the very terms of the Bible, it is only the more thoroughly pagan; for it is paganism trying to palm itself off as Christianity. The attempt to enforce the Ten Commandments, even just as they read, would be the greatest dishonor'men could offer to the Lord. It would be saying that the law of God is no better than any man may be of himself. It is the same as saying that a man is all right if he keeps the law in such a way that no man can find fault with him. But the man who merely refrains from out ward violations of the law may be worse than the man who utterly disregards it, and knows he is guilty. In the latter case the man has nothing wherein to trust, while in the other the man is building himself up in his own righteousness, and thinks that he is all right as long as he keeps the letter so far as men can discern. But the law is spiritual, and only the power of the Spirit can work righteousness in an individual. The rec-ognition of civil government as having anything to do with the law of God, is directly opposed to the idea of justification by faith. To lay down aŁ rule or law requiring obedience to the law of God, with a penalty for disobedience, is to say to a man, "You could keep it if you would try; but you will not try, and so we will compel you to do it." This is putting man on an equality with God. Anything less than the life of God is sin, and therefore for any power to attempt to enforce any of the precepts of Christ is simply an attempt to compel people to sin, and to hold them in sin. AN attempt is being made to revive in Illinois, a com-pulsory education law similar to the one that caused so much trouble there and in Wisconsin a few years ago. The author of this new trouble is Mrs. M. J. Flower, of Chicago. Like the former law, this one invades the rights of private and parochial schools. It declares that "no pri-vate or parochial school shall be deemed a school within the meaning of this act unless the school files with the superintendent of public instruction, prior to September 1, of each year, the Łcourse of study that shall be pursued during the ensuing year, the course to include all the ele-mentary branches and the English language." If such a thing as this shall be allowed to prevail, it will be but another step to where there will be nothing that will be considered privateŠnot even thefamily circle. It is probable though that the meddlers will never cease. We hope that all who have private or parochial schools will be awake to this evil thing as they were to the other and thoroughly kill this as they did that. 