AMERICAN SENTINEL.  Having shown that the object of the Christian Citi-zenship campaign is to make Christ the Ruler of the United States and then of the world, the next question that suggests itself is, What are the methods by which this is to be accomplished ? As its name signifies, this is not an organization of Christians designed to advance the kingdom of God (which is "righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost ") in the hearts of men by the only methods known to that kingdom (by the Spirit and "the sword of the Spirit which is the word of God "); but is an organization of professed Christians formed to establish the ki gdom of God by the exercise of the functions of earthly citizen-shipŠpolitical methodsŠthrough political parties, prim-aries, political conventions, platforms, candidates, cam-paigns, ballots, voters, challenges, contested elections, caucuses, fillibustering, laws, detectives, sheriffs, hang-men, etc. These are the methods Ł by which the Christian Citizenship crusade purposes to make Christ the Ruler of the United States ! If thug nominated and elected will the Lord qualify? Will he accept the office, and reward the political Jameses and Johns, his most enthusiastic campaign workers,with the best offices on the right hand and the left in his newly established kingdom ? Will he? " What think ye of Christ ? " Before this question is answered, the reader is asked to consider another phase of the subject. It is proposed by this movement to make " His teachings " " the rule in all public affairs." It is asserted that when this is accom-plished Christ will come. By this it is seen that the doc-trines of the Christian religion will become political issues, to be argued on the street corner and in the bar-room, and to be voted on by the believer and the unbeliever, the Catholic and the Protestant, the high and the low; and passed upon by judges and juries of varying creeds and characters. Thus the kingdom of God which is declared to be a kingdom of righteousness and truth, and its law a spirit-ual law, and its sphere the hearts of men; is to be dragged into the sphere of politics, made subject to majorities, and handled with unconsecrated hands. Are these methods of advancing the kingdom of God in the hearts of men, Christian methods? Are they the methods Christ used? Would he accept the rulership in such a kingdom established by such methods? To ask the question is to answer it. But there is divine precedent and precept with which to answer the question. About A. D. 32 there appeared in Judea the first Christian Citizenship League. Its object was the same as that of the modern league, to enthrone Christ. Of the Lord's attitude toward that league it is written, " When Jesus therefore perceived that they would take him by force to make him King, he departed again into a moun-tain himself alone." He fled from that "Christian citi-zenship" crowd, "a great multitude" too, preferring rather to be alone than be with those who so utterly misin-terpreted the nature of his kingdom, and misread his  character. And just as certain as Christ left those who would make him King of carnal men by carnal methods in A. D. 32, just so sure will he leave those in 1897 who seek thus,to make him King. And just in propOrtion as these Christian Citizenship methods have been adopted, in that proportion-  has Christ already left the churches of to-day. On a later occasion, when an apprehensive politician who had been informed by the Jewish Citizenship League that Christ wanted the politician's place, asked the Lord if the charge was true, He replied : " My kingdom is not of this world, if my kingdom were Ł of this world then would my servants fight that I should not be delivered to the Jews." No, Christ's kingdom among men to-day is a spiritual kingdom, and its subjects are spiritual subjects who serve him in spirit and in truth. He seeketh such to serve him. But now in A. D. 1897, he will not, as in A. D. 33 he would not, be forced to take the position, secured by political methods, as King over carnal men. Nevertheless, he will be this world's King. He will come in all His glory and establish His kingdom among men. For to this end was He born. But this will not be accomplished by any Christian Citizenship League, nor by any other political movement. When His kingdom of righteousness and truth has been established by the Holy Spirit in the hearts of all who will receive it, then He will come and destroy out of His kingdom all things that offend and them which do iniquity, purify the earth with fervent heat, "make all things neW," and "reign for ever and ever." A. F. B. -I,- 0- 0 -4-4 " BY general agreement of scholars the beginning of our Christian era has been set four years wrong. By general agreement the Christmas day, December 25th, has also been set wrong. . . . So little have feast days and celebrations to do with religion that it never occurred to one of the four evangelists to tell us the day and the month. . . All this teaches us the old lesson, that the kingdom of God is not meat and drink, nor birthdays or birthyears, but righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Spirit." Such is a very truthful observation made by the New York Independent, of December 17; and another equally truthful which it suggests is that no surer evidence of the decadence of Christianity in the life of the people could exist than the general and ever-increasing deference paid to such celebrations by the Christian churches. The In-dependent will bear correction on one point: "feast days and celebrations" do have a great deal .to do with relig-ion; but nothing to do with Christianity. They simply put the stamp of paganism upon the religion of which they are made a part. It was on this very point that the Apostle Paul wrote with the deepest concern to the church he had established in Galatia. " How turn ye again," said he, " to the weak and beggarly elements, whereunto ye desire to be in bondage? Ye observe days, and months, and times, and 