AMERICAN SENTINEL. 491 ran, but the company carried-out its programme at West Side Park with a band concert, balloon ageension, and baseball game, unmolested by the sheriff. "The churches were largely attended. At High Street M. E. Church, Rev. Mr. Naftzger, the pastor, was not present, but the discussion of the threat was so warm pro and con that it was decided to take a vote as to how the members of the church stood on the Blue Law enforce-ment, and when those favoring the action were asked to stand, the number was, it is said, very small, and there was loud hand clapping from those who refused to arise. In the church, W. A. Thompson, one of the leading law-yers in the State, denounced the stringent action pro-posed, while strong arguments were heard on the other side. During the day members of the "band" were collect-ing evidence for affidavits to cause arrests Monday." Sunday Enforcement in Chattanooga. BY C. P. BOLLMAN. CHATTANOOGA has "turned over a new leaf" in the matter of Sunday observance, and is likely erelong to turn over another. The so-called reform was on this wise:Š A new head was recently selected for the Police Board, and immediately orders were issued to close all saloons on Sunday, in harmony with the city ordinance to that effect. The saloon menŠ " Grumbled and said 'twas no use; 'Twas horrid injustice and horrid abuse." The authorities were however firm, and the saloons closed as per their order. But in all other respects the city pursued the even tenor of its way. Groceries, fruit stands, confectionaries, news stands, soda fountains, ice-cream saloons, livery stables, street-car companies, etc., continue to do business as before, and each week the saloon men grow more desperate. They demand that the law shall be enforced impartially-upon all, if enforced at all, and threaten to stop even the running of the street cars unless the order closing the saloons shall be revoked. The Police Board has replied that so far as the city is concerned there is no discrimination. The city ordinance prohibits only Sunday liquor selling and Sunday barber-ing and either says nothing about other lines of business or else permits them; and that while it is true that the law of the State prohibits all business alike, it is no more their place to enforce the State law than it is the business of the saloon-keepers; and that if they (the saloon-keep-ers) wish the law enforced it is their privilege to swear out warrants against all violators of the statute. This the saloon men threaten to do. The matter may also be brought before the grand jury, though that seems un-likely. THE B. Y. P. U. CON YEN TI ON. July 15-18 the seventh annual international conven-tion of the Baptist Young People's Union of America was in session in Chattanooga. About 7,000 delegates and  visitors were present representing every section of the United States and the Dominion of Canada. Among the addresses of welcome was one by the mayor of the city, Hon. George W. Ochs. Among other things the mayor sa d:Š "There is something so peculiarly American in the Baptist church that it appeals with especial force to the patriot. The church typifies liberty in its purest sense; liberty of soul, liberty of thought, liberty of action, lib-erty of conscience, the total separation of Church and State, the absolute independence of each separate church organization. It unites the jealous guardianship of sacred teachings of Scripture, with an equally vigilant watchfulness of the priceless jewels of liberty. In the form-ation of our national Constitution it was the Baptist church that stood inflexibly for full religious freedom, never receding from that position until victory was won. "It was a Baptist pioneer, who in the dawn of our nation's history, first lighted the torch of religious lib-erty; he held it aloft, proclaiming that civil magistrates had no right to coerce the consciences of men, that the ritualism and formalism of a State church were obnoxious to soul liberty, that man's responsibility in religious matters was to God alone; and -in spite of persecution, contumely and indignities he persevered and the sparks which showered from that blaze kindled by Roger Will-iams, lighted the fires which chastened our fundamental laws and perpetuated the principles which underlie the whole superstructure of our free institutions. "By such teachings your church produces men and women who live in perfect fulfillment of our highest ideals, and thus it best serves society's needs; for the true source of a happy, a prosperous and a contented State, is a broad, liberal and independent church. These truths taught by your exalted society make your progress a re-sistless march of triumph and explain the marvelous strides you have made." Nothing that the writer heard was so loudly ap-plauded as was this tribute to the religious liberty prin- ciples of the Baptist church. But deserved as it was so far as the remote history of Baptists is concerned, it is greatly to be feared that many who bear the Baptist name to-day do not know the real meaning of the term, religious liberty. However, the official utterance of the convention concerning Sunday observance was very mild indeed. It does not necessarily include any but perfectly legitimate means. Resolution 6 reads:Š "That we pledge ourselves to renewed efforts to secure a more general and fitting religious observance of the Lord's day, and to use all rightful and available means to check the growing tendency to secularize the day and give it over to worldly business and amusements." All this might be done without any appeal to civil law, and is what consistency demands from every believer in Sunday sacredness; but unfortunately the speeches made in support of the resolution revealed the fact that in the minds of many Baptists, among the "rightful and available means to check the gr mg tendency to secu- larize the day and give it over to worldly business and amusements," Sunday laws occupy a prominent place. One of the speakers, a Baptist pastor from Knoxville, 