662 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. which 'Roman Catholic dignitaries rank equal with mandarins, governors of provinces, and other Chi-nese officials. While this does not bestow temporal power upon the clergy, it lends great dignity to them in the eyes of the office-worshiping natives. THE GUARANTEE OF 44 GOODNESS." THROUGHOUT all history those who have sought to usurp dOminion over their fellows and to over-ride the inalienable rights of men have in the last extreme resorted to one common excuse. When the mask has been torn from their designs and the baldness of their claims and usurpations placed even beyond dispute by themselves, they have never yet failed to come forward with the most miserable of all defenses and the last resort of the guilty. As long as possible they strenuously deny that they covet any unlawful dominion over their fellowmen. But when at last their claims are shown to be with-out warrant in reason or in justice, and it is made plain that they are attempting to bring men under their own unlimited and arbitrary authority, sud-denly their position and, line of argument is al-tered, and the language of philanthropy and benev-olence flows from their lips in unceasing streams. They seem to overflow with love for theŁ human race, and especially for that part of it over which .they have been extending their usurpations. They consider it marvellous that no one has seen be-fore that they are the very impersonations of goodness and benevolence. They wonder that Peo-ple have been and' are so blind as,  no1 to 'see that they are surcharged with all the blessings that the human race needs and craves; that it has been left to them to make the great discovery that in themselves the sources of freedom, of liberty, of justice, of civilization, and of every good thing that can lighten the heart and brighten the countenance of man, are so inexhaustible that they are fully capable of sup-Plying all these things in abundance to all the peo-ple of the earth. They are so good! Their anxiety to obtain supreme control of men is that they may the more readily spread this goodness far and wide. The greatest blessing that can come to men is rule and control by them. They are too good to in-jure "any one; it is so delightful, knowing that they have the power of life and death over people, to hug them with beneficent arms, and to 'pour 'upon them from the vessels filled under their own supervision,  the oil of liberty and the annointment of civiliza-tion. The joy of this precludes all oppression; "we could not hurt anybody if we wanted to," say they. Religious leaders who have sought " the favor of the laws and the patronage of the public authority " in order to silence all dissent and to increase their power over men, have invariably set up this defense. "We are the successors of, the prophets,:' say they. " We are too kind and too religious to hurt any one; our religion enjoins us to love men; we seek only the best interests of men. We are the friends of the workingmen; we desire to save them from the tyr-anny of Sunday labor. We are anxious for the preservation of property, and would save car-wheels -from that rapid decay and dissolution that is sure to follow continuous revolution seven days in the week. We would close up everything on Sunday but the churches, because we would make it easy for men to do that which it is best for them to do. We desire to give men perfect liberty to do right, and to sup-press everything that would injure their souls. Like Richard Baxter, we will tolerate everything that is in the right and prohibit only those opinions that'  are shockingly in the wrong.' Men may well trust to us their temporal and eternal interests; we are so good." A Hollow and Worthless Pretense. The utter hollowness and worthlessness of this pretense of goodness by' men holding arbitrary power over their fellowmen is brought plainly to view by the great French historian-, Jules Michelet, in "An Historical View of the French Revolution."' The following selection, is from section IX, part' II, of 'the Introduction: The illustrious Quesnay, physician to Louis XV. and to ...Madame de Pompadour, who lived in the house of the latter at Versailles, saw 'the king one day rush in suddenly, and was alarmed. Madame du Hausset, the witty femme de chambre, who has left -such curious memoirs, inquired of him why he seemed so uneasy. Madame,' returned he, when-ever I see the king I say to myself: There is a man who can cut my head off.' Oh,' said she,,Ł' the king is too good!' " The lady's maid thus summed up, in one word, the guaranties of the monarchy. "The king was too good to cut a man's head off; that was no longer agreeable to custom. But, he could, withŁone word, send him to the. Bastille, and there forget him. " It remains to be-decided, which is bestŠto 