SEPTEMBER 19 , 1895. sIENTraprxm_A. 291 inal of Matt. 28: 1, etc., is not worthy of se-rious consideration. No reputable critic has ever taken any such position, nor is there any probability that any such will take that posi-tion, for it is utterly untenable. Toward the close of this long review the doctor returns to his defense of intolerance in the matter of enforcing Sunday laws, but he does not use a single argument that was not used by the Puritans three hundred years ago to justify their intolerance toward Baptists and Quakers in Massachusetts. The only question and the one which will not down is: Shall observers of the seventh day enjoy equal rights with others, or will the majority con-tinue to override by despotic power the rights of the minority? Adventists are not asking for toleration merely, they are demanding rights. The majority have the physical power to deny these rights and to punish men for exercising them; but no physical power and no amount of sophistry can destroy God-given rights. But the doctor denies that God has ever given any man a right to do wrong. That is true so far as man's obligation to God is con-cerned. No man has a right from the divine standpoint to do wrong; " for God will bring every work into judgment with every secret thing, whether it be good or whether it be evil." But so far as his fellow-men are con-cerned, God has given every man the right to do just as he pleases in moral things. To take any other position would be to justify the Inquisition. The doctor's closing " argument " amounts to no more than calling those who observe the seventh day, "cranks; " but that settles noth-ing. Those who have chosen to obey God rather than men have always been accounted cranks, and have always been cried down as the perverters of the truth and the disturbers of social order. But " nothing is settled until it is settled right," and the doctor and all others may rest assured that this question of the rights of conscience cannot be settled in the way which he proposes. It must be settled right. CONSCIENCE ABOVE STATUTE. SEPTEMBER 8, Dr. Talmage preached from the words recorded in Dan. 6:10: "His windows being open in his chamber toward Jerusalem." The doctor fully justified the prophet's disobedience of civil law, in these words:Š The scoundrelly princes of Persia, urged on by po-litical jealousy against Daniel, have succeeded in get-ting a law passed that whosoever prays to God shall be put under the paws and teeth of the lions, who are lashing themselves in rage and hunger up and down the stone cage, or putting their lower jaws on the ground, bellowing till the earth trembles. But the leonine threat did not hinder the devotions of Daniel, the Coeur de Lion of the ages. His enemies might as well have a law that the sun should not draw water, or that the south wind should not sweep across a gar-den of magnolias, or that God should be abolished. They could not scare his companions with the red-hot furnaces, and they cannot now scare him with the lions. As soon as Daniel hears of this enactment he leaves his office of secretary of state, with its uphol-stery of crimson and gold, and comes down the white marble steps and goes to his own house. He opens his window and puts the shutters back and pulls the curtain aside so that he can look toward the sacred city of Jerusalem, and then prays. I suppose the people in the street gathered under and before his window and said: "Just see that man defying the law! He ought to be arrested." And the constabulary of the city rush to the police headquar-ters and report that Daniel is on his knees at the wide open window. "You are my prisoner," says the of-ficer of the law, dropping a heavy hand on the shoul-ders of the kneeling Daniel. As the constables open the door of the cavern to thrust in their prisoner they see the glaring eyes of the monsters. But Daniel be-comes the first lion tamer, and they lick his hand and  fawn at his feet, and that night he sleeps with the shaggy mane of a wild beast for his pillow, while the king that night, sleepless in the palace, has on him the paw and teeth of a lion he cannot tameŠthe lion of a remorseful conscience. These are wholesome words, not because they are uttered by Dr. Talmage, but because they are true; and because so many hold to the utterly mischievous doctrine that the civil law must be obeyed whether right or wrong. Daniel was right and his persecutors were wrong; and so is every statute-intrenched tyrant wrong. " I recollect well," says Rev. J. E. Scott, in the September Arena, "when the preaching of human freedom was stigma- tized as revolutionary and anarchistic, and fraught with peril to the nation. To the de-fender of slavery the doctrine that all men are born equal was rankest anarchy. From the standpoint of human freedom the defender of slavery was the anarchist." But that day has passed away, and now nobody in the United States defends hu-man slavery, and the nation honors the men it once despised, and covers with flowers the graves of the men the multitudes once mobbed. " Then to side with Truth is noble when we share her wretched crust, Ere her cause bring fame and profit, and 'tis pros-perous to be just; Then it is the brave man chooses, while the coward stands aside, Doubting in his abject spirit, till his Lord is cruci-fied, And the multitude make virtue of the faith they had denied." GOD'S SABBATH VS. MAN'S SABBATH. ALL we ask in regard to Sunday laws, is that man's law for Sunday-keeping shall be no more restrictive than God's law for Sunday-keeping. We are frequently told by those who believe in keeping Sunday, and in laws to make peo-ple keep it, that the law of God does not com-mand the keeping of a definite day of the week, but only of one day in seven. But these same men say it is necessary that a def-inite dayŠSundayŠshall be enforced by hu-man law. Evidently, from their standpoint, God was not so wise as they are, or he would have been more definite. That God was definite in his Sabbath com-mand, is demonstrated beyond question by the fact that he " blessed the Sabbath day and hallowed it." God had finished his rest when he blessed the Sabbath day. Gen. 2: 3. But God does not bless a thing that is past and gone; his blessing is for the present and the future. He blessed the Sabbath and hallowed it for the benefit of mankind, so that every week, from Adam's day to ours, there has dawned one day upon the world which was blessed and hallowed. And he who says that this day was not and is not a specified, definite day, might as well claim that God blessed and hallowed the entire week. There is no rest in being compelled to rest, or recreation in being forced to do something you do not want to do. There is no benefit, physical or intellectual, to be derived from compulsory idleness. The healthy, human system,Šthanks to the wisdom of the Creator, Šdoes not take naturally to idleness. And when it is forced to be idle against its will, as in very many cases it is by a Sunday law, it will wear itself out more by chafing and fret-ting under the restraint than by any ordi-nary labor it might have performed during the day. That must be a very restful sabbath to the  sinner in which he is compelled to try to act like a saint! There was recently on exhibition at the Royal Aquarium in London, an old clock, made by a pious Scotchman a century and a half ago, and so constructed that it would keep Sunday; that is, it would stop short at 12 o'clock Saturday night and refuse to tick again until midnight of Sunday. It is just such ideas as this that naturally grow out of a man-made sabbath, as' the ancient laws for Sunday-keeping well show. How fortunate it is for our race that the real Sabbath was made by God, and that he, not man, has adapted it to mankind. Otherwise we might expect the universe to come to a dead stop at Saturday midnightŠthe stars and sun stop shining, the grass and trees stop growing, the earth stop moving, the birds stop singing, in brief, everything stop short for a period of twenty-four hours, save the tolling church bells and the voice of the preacher delivering a sermon on eternal torment or predestination. But we may breathe freely over the actual situa-tion; for it is God who made the Sabbath, and his Sabbath is not against man, but "for" him. Mark 2: 27. Ł LOOK ON THIS PICTURE, THEN ON THIS. FOR orderly private work Seventh-day Ad-ventists are fined, imprisoned, and driven in chain-gangs in Tennessee, because their exam-ple is said to be immoral and of pernicious effect. But iron furnaces, livery stables, rail-road trains, and in short, almost anything not run by Adventists, except saloons, is permitted to do business on Sunday, while the State orders out and drills its militia on that day, as is witnessed by the following notice pub-lished in a Spring City paper, while eight Seventh-day Adventists were " doing time" there for " violating the sabbath ":Š COMPANY, ATTENTION! HEADQUARTERS OF COMPANY " G.,' 2ND BATALLION, N. G. S. T. Spring City, Tenn., August 5, 1895. Orders No. 25. All the members of this Company are hereby com-manded to report at the Company Armory promptly at 2 o'clock on Sunday evening, August 18, 1895, for the purpose of starting on the march for the encamp-ment at Crossville, Tenn., on the morning of the 19th. Each man will provide himself with one blanket, or heavy quilt ; and at least two changes of underclothing, including one white shirt and white standing collars and cuffs. Each man will also see that he has a pair of clean white gloves in the pocket of his blouse. No excuses from this duty will be granted, except for the best of reasons. All who fail to obey this order will be arrested promptly, and punished as the State Regulations direct. By order of W. P. MCDONALD, Captain Commanding. J. H. HILTON, First Sergeant. The captain of this company is the editor of the Spring City Herald, a paper which has insisted upon the enforcement of the law; and yet by this order he violates the fundamental law of the State which provides that "no per-son shall in time of peace be required to per-form any service to the public on any day set apart by his religion as a day of rest." To require a Sunday-keeper to drill on Sunday, as was done in Spring City, Tenn., August 18, is certainly a violation of this pro-vision of the constitution of the State of Ten-nessee. But it is nevertheless a common prac-tice in that State. Sunday, June 30, just on the eve of the session of the court at which the Rhea County Adventists were convicted for Sunday work, one for lifting a wheelbarrow over a fence, the 