238 AMERICAN SENTINEL. TWO BOOKS FOR THE HOUSEWIFE Ł The books described below were prepared to assist those who wish to live in harmony with scientific health reform principles. They were written by practical housewives, and every recipe has been carefully tested. A FRIEND IN THE KITCHEN. We have no apology to offer in bringing to the attention of our readers a cook book discarding an article of diet which is every-where known to contain disease-producing germs, often of a most virulent type. While "A Friend in the Kitchen" contains no flesh food recipes, it does contain an abundance of that which is most palatable and whole-some, and it also tells how the foods may be prepared in the best possible way. Its 40o recipes are interspersed with short talks on foods and food combinations and other items of practical value and importance to every housewife, as well as to those who wish to study the sub-ject of diet for their own benefit. Remember it contains about 400 carefully tested recipes. The binding is a new preparation resembling leather, is almost as durable, and may be washed the same as oil cloth. PRICE, 60 cents postpaid. NATURAL FOOD OF MAN. This new book does not contain untried recipes, for a first edi-tion of the book was gotten out by the author about a year ago. It met with such a favorable reception that we have now arranged to issue'this revised and enlarged edition. Part I.ŠMAN'S PRIMITIVE DIET. By Milton 0. Wilcox. Part II.ŠHOW TO PREPARE IT. By Mrs. Flora Leadsworth. Part III.ŠFOOD FOR THE SICK. By J. B. Leadsworth. M. D. The recipes discard meat, eggs, milk, and all animal pro ducts, and furnish a variety of palatable substitute dishes containing the necessary food elements to properly nourish the body. Heavy illuminated paper covers, - - price 25c. For either of the above books, address any of our agencies, or our nearest House. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York City. Oakland. Cal. Kansas City, Mo. next 5unbag's iesson is full of glorious soul-saving truths. In your study of the lesson, secure the aid of "THE DESIRE OF AGES" the most beautiful commentary on the life of the world's Redeemer ever published. The old, old story is presented in its purity and simplicity, and the glorious theme is clothed with many new, practical, present-day lessons and applications which are invaluable to every Bible student. k-specially-prepared booklet which accom-panies each volume enables the student to quickly refer to the pages dealing with each Sunday's lesson. The book contains 866 large pages, and is beautifully illustrated. PRICES $3.50 to $7.00 A descriptive circular free. Sold by subscription. If there is no agent in your vicinity, write to our nearest House. Pacific Press Publishing Co. 39 Bond St., New York City, 18 W. 5th St., Kansas City, Mo. 1059 Castro St., Oakland, Cal. IMPORTED GERrIAN BIBLES MANY of our German friends prefer the "old coun-try" editions of the Bible to those printed in the United States. We have therefore imported some German Bibles from Hamburg, and we feel sure that those de-scribed below will please our SENTINEL readers who use the language of the Fatherland. These are Luther's translation, and all have references. Price List of German Bibles: No. 60. Black Cloth, sprinkled edges, size 5%x 8X inches, Hamburg print, - $ .75 No. 62. Black Leather, gilt edges, size 5Xx 8X inches, Hamburg print, - - - 1.50 No. 64. Arctic Seal, cut divinity circuit, gilt edges, thin paper, 10 pages of helps and 8 maps, size 4Xx63/4x1X, Stutt- gart print, - 2.50 Address house nearest you. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Kansas City, Mo. 0 kland, Cal. 