220 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. would be laughable to notice the working of the Sunday laws in the various States. In Connecticut, at a very early day, it was decided that a note given on Sunday was void. Some years afterward the same man who, in Connecticut had lost the amount due on his note because it was given on Sunday, was sued in Massachu-setts on a note given on Sunday, and was obliged to pay it; the Supreme Court of Massachusetts holding the note to be good. ŠWright v. Geer, 1 Root, Rep. 474; Geer v. Putnam, 10 Mass. 312. In Pennsylvania, it has been decided in various cases, that neither canal boats, nor passenger railroad cars, nor other public conveyances could legally run on Sunday. In the same State, some thirty years ago, it was necessary to obtain the decision of the highest judicial tribunal of the State to determine whether a servant had the right to drive his employer's family to church on Sunday, in the employer's own private carriage.ŠCommonwealth v. Nes-bitt, 34 Pa. Rep. 898. In Maine, the hiring of a horse and car-riage on Sunday was held illegal, though they were used for the purpose of carrying a young lady home, who had been attend-ing a religious meeting.ŠTillock v. Webb, 56 Me. 100. It must be stated, however, to the credit of that State, that it was afterward held, that a young lady,who, on the Lord's day, walks to her aunt's house, and from there proceeds to take a walk with her cousin simply for exercise in the open air, had not violated the law.ŠO'Connell v. Lewiston, 65 Me. 34. In a case in Arkansas, defendant was poorŠhad no implement with which to cut his wheat, which was wasting from over-ripenessŠcould borrow none until Satur-day evening. He hired a negro and cut his grain on Sunday. But the Court held that he was not justified in breaking the Sabbath.ŠState v. Goff, 20 Ark. 289. In New Hampshire it was decided that swine could not be impounded on Sunday, though they were destroying property.ŠFrost and Hull, 4 N. H. 453. In that case the swine had more liberty than the peo-ple. The swine were free to destroy, while the people were not at liberty to pre-vent the destruction. In Massachusetts it was solemnly decided by the Supreme Court, only twenty-five years ago, that a person walking a short distance in a public highway, simply for exercise and to take the air, on Sunday evening, with no purpose of going to, or stopping at, any place but his own house, was not liable to punishment for so doing. ŠHamilton v. City of Boston, 14 Allen's Rep. 475. Well wouldŁ it be for the country if the ludicrous or preposterous character of such enactments were the most that could be said against the Sunday bills now pending. But a graver question is presented. It is, whether Congress shall now enter upon an era of religious legislation. The First Amendment to the Federal Constitution provides that Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof. And Judge Story says that this was not in-tended merely to prohibit the establish-ment of a national religion. The intention was to prohibit all legislation by Congress, on the subject of religion.ŠComm. on the Const. Sees. 1877-9. This, too, is in accordance with the practice of the legislative department of the Government. Over sixty years ago, petitions were laid before Congress, asking for the discontinu-ance of Sunday mails. Hon. Richard M. Johnson, of the committee to whom the matter was referred, presented a masterly report, concluding with a resolution that the committee be discharged from any further consideration of the subject. In presenting the resolution, Mr. Johnson said he believed that legislation upon the subject was improper, and that nine hun-dred and ninety-nine in a thousand were opposed to any legislative interference, in-asmuch as it would have a tendency to unite religious institutions with the Gov-ernment. He believed that these petitions and memorials in relation to Sunday mails were but the entering wedge of a scheme to make this Government a religious in-stead of a social and political institution; they were widely circulated, and people were induced to sign them without reflect-ing upon the subject or the consequences which would result from the adoption of the measure proposed. There was nothing more improper than the interference of Congress in this matter.ŠAbridgement of Debates of Congress, vol. 10, p. 282. The resolution was adopted, and 3,000 copies of the report ordered printed; and thus the matter was disposed of. More than half a century passed before any further effort was made to obtain re-ligious legislation at the hands of Con-gress. But within the last ten years the desire for such legislation has increased in cer-tain quarters until it has become almost a mania. There is a persistent and deter-mined effort in the direction of religious, and especially of Sunday, legislation. Old State Sunday laws are revived and made the basis of prosecutions, while the most desperate efforts are being made to obtain the passage of new Sunday laws of a more rigid character. Secret organizations are formed and set to work with all the meth-ods of the Inquisition except physical tor-ture, and the spirit manifested in some instances would indicate that the excep-tion is owing merely to the want of power. Congress has hitherto firmly withstood all these efforts, and now first shows signs of wavering. To the Senate of the United States, the body upon whom, under our admirable system of Government, devolves the duty of checking hasty, inconsiderate or un-constitutional legislation, we appeal to stem the tide, and to put a stop at once to this religio-political crusade. Most of what has been urged against the passage of the Sunday ice bill, will apply with equal force against the condition sought to be attached to the bill making appropriation for the Columbian Exposi-* tion ŁŠrequiring the Exposition, or at least the Government exhibit, to be closed on Sunday. Any condition of that kind, whether re-lating to the whole Exhibition, or only to the Government exhibit, would be sub-ject to all the objections against religious legislation. When the Government ex-hibit shall be open, and when it shall be closed, may well be left to those having charge of the exhibit. Congress does not prescribe other particulars in regard to management, and to prescribe this would be merely a governmental indorsement of a certain day as the Sabbath, and thus a legislative decision of a religious question. Considerable has been said, in and out of, Congress, as to the alleged fact, that the laws of Illinois would be violated by leav- ing the Exposition open on Sunday. The State of Illinois is fully capable of vindi-cating its own laws. There is a great mistake, however, as to the fact. The laws of Illinois simply provide that the acts specified shall not be done to the dis-durbance of others. But who would be disturbed by the presence of people in Jackson Park on Sunday? Certainly not those who would be engaged in religious exercises several miles away. This matter of disturbance, and the principal upon which it rests, was well stated by Chief Justice Ruffin, of North Carolina, in State v. Williams, 4 Iredell Rep. 403. " The truth is," said he," that it [Sab-bath breaking] offends us, not so much because it disturbs us in practicing for ourselves the religious duties, or enjoying the salutary repose or recreation of that day, as that it is in itself a breach of God's law, and a violation of the party's own religious duty." Thus it appears from the statement of this jurist, a statement the more remark-able because it was made from a religious standpoint, that the disturbance consists not in preventing the party disturbed from being religious himself, or from doing his own duty, but in the fact that somebody else is not doing what the party disturbed thinks that other party ought to do. In other words, one who has every oppor-tunity to do his own duty, is disturbed because somebody else is not doing his duty at the same time. The Congress of the United States is scarcely called upon to aid the State of Illinois in preventing such disturbance as this. The prevailing sentiment in Illinois may be considered as expressed by Judge Breese, one of the ablest jurists we have ever had. " The notion," said he, " that Sunday is a day so sacred that no judicial act can be performed, had its origin with ecclesi-astics of an unenlightened age, and rests upon no substantial basis, and if it is the doctrine of the common law, it need not have application here, in this day of thought and increased enlightenment. Men are freer now than then, and are per-mitted to regard acts as innocent and harmless, which were then deemed sac-rilegious and worthy of anathema."ŠLangabier v. R. R. Co. 64 ill. 247 A union' of Church and State does not necessarily mean an establishment of a national religion. Every act of religious legislation is a step in that direction. We ask Congress not to take the first step; and in making that request we believe we voice the desire of millions of patriotic citizens. CHARLES B. WAITE, President of the American Secular Union. Chicago, June 18, 1892. Sensible Words. AT the State Convention of the Prohi-. bition Party, held at Barton Opera House, Fresno, June 2, the following resolution relative to the selling of liquor at the Columbian Exposition, and also the clos-ing of the Fair on Sunday,was adopted :Š Resolved, That we protest against the sale of liquor on the grounds of the Columbian Exposition and the opening of the Fair on Sunday. The proceedings of the Prohibition Con-vention at Fresno, as fully reported in the California Prohibitionist, gives in many instances evidences of sincerity, ability and good judgment; but the above resolu-tion is not one of them. When any set, 