152 CAN SEIN'ilL'ITLI\TE1I1 . VOL, 8, No. 19. NEW YORK, MAY 11. 1893, ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked " Sample Copy. " It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement,-therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE Chicago Mail notes the fact that some sentimentalists want a World's Fair flower adopted, and remarks that, " If there were any blossom that closed on Sunday there might be some sense in it." THE Memphis Appeal-Avalanche which publishes a Sunday edition and yet had, so far as we know, no protest to offer when well-disposed citizens of Tennessee were arrested, fined, and imprisoned, for quiet Sunday work, is indignant because a young woman has been dismissed from her church for Sunday work. The Ava-lanche evidently thinks that the State is the proper disciplinarian in spiritual things. THE sentence of J. W. Judefind, con-victed in Kent County, Md., of the crime of husking corn on Sunday, was thirty days, not sixty as we stated last week. We were wrongly informed by a tele-g ram. This case has been carried to the Court of Appeals, where it will be heard in October. The other Sunday case now pending in Maryland, that of Isaac Baker, of Kent Island, has been postponed to await the decision of the higher court in the Judefind case. THE Sunday cases in Maryland have revived the question previously raised in Tennessee as to the faith of the Seventh-day Adventists regarding the obligations imposed by the fourth commandment of the Decalogue. This question was not raised by the defense in the case of J. W. Judefind, on the contrary the broad ground was taken that inasmuch as the law required the observance of a religious institution it infringed the religious lib-erty of every man; but the court raised the question by remarking that it was not in evidence that the religious convictions of the defendant required him to work on Sunday. This failure to set up the religious be-lief of the defendant was not an oversight; nor was it a mistake. The Constitution of Maryland declares : " That, as it is the duty of every man to worship God in such man-ner as he thinks most acceptable to Him, all persons are equally entitled to protec-tion in their religious liberty." To leave every man free to worship means more than simply leaving the individual free to choose how he will worship. No man is free to do that which he is obliged to do. It might have been proper for Mr. Ring-gold to have shown under protest that  Mr. Judefind had a religion which required him to work on Sunday, but to have done so voluntarily would have been equivalent to admitting the right of the State to sit in judgment upon a man's religious con-victions. If it were the province of the State to require the individual to have some reli-gion and to render some sort of worship to his Creator, it would of necessity be legitimate for the Government to pass judgment upon what constituted religion. Indeed the only way Government can avoid this is by confining itself to things entirely civil, for the moment it requires the individual to have any religion what-eVer it must of necessity become the judge of that religion. THE Chicago Herald recorus the fact that a considerable number of theological students from the institutions near Chi-cago, and young ministers with suburban charges, have been enrolled as guards at the World's Fair, and quotes the police captain who enrolled them as saying that, " Several of them, in fact nearly all of them, asked to make it a provision that they be relieved from duty on the seventh day." It would be interesting to know whether this was the actual request of this ministerial police or not. IT is the boast of the Catholic Reveiw that "the Church in New England has increased during the past quarter of a century not only by immigration and by the full nat-ural increase in the Catholic population, but also by making converts of Protest-ants." According to the Review, the Catholic Church in New England " counts to-day among its members descendants of the bitterest Puritans, the most Dutch of the New Netherlanders, and the most rigid of the Church of England men of a century or so ago. If it cared to parade the names of its proselytes, it would furnish the daily press with a sensation that would retain the public interest for much more than nine days." AN article on another page of this paper on " The Tendency of Modern, Lib-eral, Theological Thought," contains much food for reflection. There prevails in the world to-day a sort of wish-washy sentimentalism that substitutes sentiment for principle and then insists that every-body shall do homage to it regardless of the principle. To this sickly sentimentalism is due tile World's Congress of Religions. This sentiment also manifests itself in the pop-ular demand for Church union, very in-appropriately called Christian union. Chr ktian union is union with God through the Spirit, not simply organic union, nor even the so-called union upon a sentiment which involves a surrender of principle. No religion demands such loyal adherence  to truth as does Christianity, and no sys-tem involves more disloyality to eternal verities than does this modern scheme for " Christian union;" it is not in the inter-ests of truth but of human pride. It de-lights not in fidelity to principles, but deals in high-sounding titles, in grandilo-quent speeches, and in numbers of three periods. Its motto is, " Man's proper ob-ject of worship is man ;" and of course no more fitting representatives of the genus home can be found than the prime movers in the scheme itself. Those who are in harmony with God need not concern them-selves about harmony with others; they will naturally find themselves in unison with the children of God everywhere. The less they have in common with error the better. THE article printed on another page from the New York Sun shows about as plainly as anything could the subservi-ency of the press of this country to the Roman hierarchy. It is true as the Sun states that Quebec might become a mem-ber of the Union and still continue to pay tithes to the Roman Catholic Church, but that this fact should be held out as an inducement to the Romanists of that province to intrigue for political union with the United States is, to say the least, significant. It shows by how slight a tenure is liberty of conscience held in our American States. Only let party aggrandizement or political necessity re-quire it and how soon politicians would consent to sweep away every guarantee of religious equality in our land ! The Romish camel already has not only his head but a considerable part of his body in Uncle Sam's tent; and it seems now only a question of time when he will occupy it all. Such papers as the New York Sun are contributing not a little to this undesirable consummation. Battle Creek Sanitarium Health Foods. THE managers of the Sanitarium Health Food Co. wish to announce to their old patrons and friends that their principal health foods are now manufactured and sold at the Rural Health Retreat, St. Helena, Cal. Several of our leading foods, including Granola, are also manufactured and sold at Union College, College View, Neb. Neither Granola nor any other of our health foods are manufactured by other parties than those mentioned above, except ourselves. SANITARIUM. HEALTH FOOD CO. BATTLE CREEK MICH. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact, Mingle copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per year, - - 20e, 25 to 99 " " " " - - - 80o, 44 100 to 249 " " " " 4t - - 75o, It 250 to 499 " " " " " - - - 70c. 500  to 999 it 4 f ft 4 f ft - - 85c, " 1000 or more tt ft 4460c,s, To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5-  shilling Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York City. 