268 TP-I8 AMEIRicAN sophism with which some judges have sought to justify their perversion of right, justice, and the sacred provisions of the Constitution, has been that enforced Sun-day observance was not a religious but a civil law; Sunday advocates declaring they did not desire a law to enforce relig-ious observance of the day, but a civil law, a sanitary ordinance, their interest not being for the upholding of a religious observance, but loving desire to provide rest for the poor, dear wage-earners. At last the chief organ of the God-in-the-Constitution and the Sabbath Union fanatics, representing the majority of the Protestant ministers and their churches, admit the truth, that it is not a civil enactment they are working for, but a law to compel religious observance of Sun-day. The following article is from the edi-torial columns of the Christian Statesman, published at Philadelphia, Pa., June 25, 1891:Š THE AMERICAN SENTINEL quotes with approba-tion the language of the Secretary of the Wash-ington Secular Union in argument against our Sabbath laws: " Workingmen need to sleep at night. Shall we have a civil law decreeing under fine and imprisonment what time all shall go to sleep ? Shall we have an act of the council com-pelling all persons to eat between the hours of 12 and 1? If the people of the United States do not know enough to rest on Sunday or any other day when they need rest, it is certain they much more require a law to send them to bed at night." This reasoning is valid against those who would take our Sabbath laws exclusively on physiological or economic considerations. But the National Reform Association has not made this mistake. While appreciating the value of the argument from nature, it has always held that the only ultimate foundation for the law of Sabbath rest is found in the law of God, which has reserved one-seventh of man's time from secular uses, has made the right to rest during that portion of the time one of the chiefest of human rights, and made the obligation of rest as binding on States and nations as on in-dividuals. The object of Sunday laws is wholly religious. The Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts, the leading Sunday-law advocate, de-clared : " Take religion out of the day and you take the rest out." Joseph Cook, lecturing on Sunday laws (Boston Monday lectures, May, 1887), said :Š The experience of centuries shQws, however, that you will in vain endeavor to preserve Sunday as a day of rest unless you preserve it as a day of worship. Unless Sabbath observance be founded upon religious reasons you will not long main-tain it. It being admitted that Sunday is a re-ligious institution, any legislation, na-tional, State, county, or municipal, in regard to its observance must be uncon-stitutional. Religious zeal enlists the strongest prej-udices of the human mind, and when misdirected (under the delusive pretext of doing God service) excites the worst pas-sions of our nature. When man -under-takes to become God's avenger he becomes a demon. Driven by the frenzy of a relig-ious zeal, he loses every gentle feeling,  forgets every claim alike of justice, mercy, and humanity, and becomes ferocious and unrelenting. If there is a day which the Almighty desires should be exclusively devoted to his worship (and remember the proof, both,  biblical and historical, is that Sat-urday, the seventh, and not Sunday, the first, is that day), would it not be better to rely on his almighty power than on the arm of the law ?ŠSnohomish (Wash.) Eye,. Nipped in the Bud. Ix the struggle for secularismŠfor the entire separation of Church and StateŠthe founders of our Government had no easy time. They had to be continually on the watch lest the advocates of State-Churchism should push through some bill incorporating their religio-political ideas into the State polity. In noticing these attempts Madison wrote to Monroe as fol-lows :Š It gives me much pleasure to observe by two printed reports sent me by Colonel Grayson, that in the latter, Congress had expunged a clause con-tained in the first for setting apart a district of land in each township for supporting the religion of the majority of the inhabitants. How a regulation so unjust in itself, so foreign to the authority of Congress, so hurtful to the sale of the public land, and smelling so strongly of an antiquated bigotry, could have received the countenance of a com-mittee, is truly matter of astonishment. It is exceedingly fortunate for the American people that this little scheme was thus nipped in the bud; for with a precedent like that, together with the sectarian leanings of some of our legisla-tive bodies, much more money would be likely to find its way into denominational channels than does at present. An Elder Opposes National Reform. [ Tun following letter speaks for itself. The writer has our hearty thanks for his words of cheer. ] EDITOR SENTINEL : I have been taking THE SENTINEL for considerably more than a year, and like it better all the time. It is outspoken for Christianity in its purity, as well as for freedom for the citizens of the commonwealth from all compulsory religion. I am a ruling Elder in the Presbyterian Church, but would rather lose my right arm than to see any sect or religious party get control of the affairs of the State. We would then have religious bigotryŠwhich has always been the case when and wherever there has been a union of Church and State. There was a time when without giving the subject a little honest, unbiased reasoning, I verily thought we could, as Paul said, do God service by legislating religion into human beings, making Sunday laws and attach-ing a penalty for their transgression. But if we examine the " Law of love," we shall find that Christ taught us that " Whatsoever ye would that men-should  do to you, do ye even so to them, for this is the law and the prophets." This being Christ's law, to do otherwise would be un-christian. It does seem that the eyes of many are blinded to the plain truth as it is in God's revealed word. Said Jesus, " My king-dom is not of this world; " also, " Ye are not of the world even as I am not of the world." Jesus sent his apostles two and two to preach and teach, and told them to take no staff with themŠno weapons of worldly. warfare. He will come to take the world at the last day; but if the Scriptures are true He will not find it conquered by a pseudo-religious people by force of arms Šby those of whom he said, " Many shall come in my name and shall say, Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied in thy name and in thy name done many wonderful works ? " Such are to go on quarreling and fighting until the great day of Armageddon. No, Christ's law is love, and has nothing in common with the laws of the kingdom of this world. " Keep the Church and State forever sep-arate." Are National Reformers Christians? THEY claim to be. They desire to make Christ king of this Nation. They aim to establish by civil law what they call the Christian Sabbath. They are determined to have what they call Christian instruc-tion in our public schools. Verily, on the face of it, it would look as though they were Christians. Further, they are de-termined to compel all to submit to their regulations, willingly, if they may, forci-bly if they must. If a man who does not believe in Sunday sacredness, concludes that he ought, in duty to his family and for the interests of his business, to work upon that day, he must be compelled to do differently. Now a Christian is a follower of Christ, one who observes his sayings. And to one of the most blessed of his sayings, known all over the world as the " Golden Rule," National Reformers are diametric-ally opposed : " All things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them." Matt. 7 : 12. The term men includes more than the National Re-formers, or Christians. It means Jew and Gentile, Barbarian and Scythian, Moham-medan and Pagan, believer and atheist. If it be right, therefore, to compel all these classes to observe any of the forms or institutions of Christianity, simply be-cause professed Christians are in the ma-jority, or have the power to enforce obedi-ence, it follows, if National Reformers are Christians indeed, that they believe it would be the duty of the Jew or the pagan to enforce his forms of worship and religious institutions upon Christians, if he were in the majority or had the power. This is the inevitable conclusion. They 