AMERICAN SENTINEL. 347 The Presbyterian Assembly and Sunday. THE General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church devoted the most of one day of their late session in Minneapolis, to the discussion of "Sabbath observance." A press report says that "In the disOussion, the Sunday street car, the Sunday train and railroad excursion, the Sunday newspaper, the Sunday-working Presbyterian, and every form of activity not in harmony with the literal meaning of the fourth commandment, was con-demned." The committee on "Sabbath" resolutions in their report declared that "The American Christian Sabbath is in imminent peril; in fact, in many of our large cities and in other parts of our land it is already nearly'lost. This means that American liberty and American insti-tutions are in peril, for of these the American Sabbath has been both the foundation and the protection." An attempt was made to substitute the words "Christian Sabbath" for "American Sabbath" in the resolutions; but it was defeated. Evidently, then, in the Presbyterian view, the Christian Sabbath and the "Americanan Sabbath" are two different institutions. This is an important admission. "As adopted, the amendments deprecate the secu-larizing of the Sabbath, urge members and young people of the church to realize the importance of Sabbath ob-servance, legislatures and congress are urged to protect the Sabbath, the American Sabbath Union and the Women's National Sabbath Alliance are commended, every pastor is recommended to preach on Sabbath ob-servance on some Sabbath of next October and take a collection for the Sabbath Union; the board of publica-tion is requested to prepare and Sabbath school super-intendents to use a specific Sabbath-observance leaflet. Sympathy is expressed with 3,000,000 of Americans who, because of Sabbath desecration, are compelled to do secular work on the Sabbath. President McKinley's attention is respectfully called to the fact that employes of the postoffice and many other departments of the Government are compelled to work on Sunday." If Sunday work is a sin, as the Ptlesbyterians say, and 3,000,000 Americans are "compelled" to work on Sunday, it is clear that 3,000,000 Americans are com-'pelled to sin; and being compelled to sin, they are of course not responsible for sinning. But do Presbyteri-ans really believe in compulsory sin? What about the martyrs who went to the stake rather than violate their consciences? If they were not compelled to sin, is a man compelled to sin when a refusal only means the loss of a Sob? When people work on the day they believe to be the Sabbath, instead of keeping it as they believe God has commanded, does not the principal fault lie in them-selves? The President has of course discernment enough to appreciate these truths; and therefore we imagine the  appeal to him in behalf of these 3,000,000 in "involun-tary servitude" will not have very much effect. 45,800 words; but you can carry it in your vest pocket. Note our offer on page 350. Religion By Force. "Pittsburg Dispatch." THERE is food for reflection in the address of Dr. Radcliffe, Moderator of the Presbyterian General Assem-bly. Many of the able clergyman's points are well made and effective. It may be noted, however, that he is more at home in the spiritual field than in that of politics. He is an expansionist in religion, and on that account imagines he is a territorial expansionist also. The qual-ification for his attitude is in the assertion that: "Force has been the only argument of savages from Joshua to McKinley." That is no part of the ethics of Christianity which the good doctor preaches. His faith is founded, if any-where, in the life and example of the meek and lowly Nazarene, who taught the philosophy of the soft answer and the duty when smitten upon one cheek to "turn the other also." Presbyterian expansion is not in the least objection-able, for [if] it consists in carrying the light of reason and the salve of mercy to those in need of both. Not so imperial expansion. What justifies the one, absolutely condemns the other. There is neither Christianity or reason in the theory that it is just to hurry one unpre-pared soul into eternity in order to gain the opportu-nity to attempt the salvation of another by missionary effort. Dr. Radcliffe certainly does not mean to advo-cate any such theory though that is what an indorse-ment otimperialism means. The Work of the Peace Congress. THE limitations which circumstances have imposed upon the work of the Peace Congress, now in session at the Hague, Holland, are outlined in the following -from the New York Sim of May 14. As will be seen, there is now no expectation that the vision of general disarma-ment called up by the first announcement of the czar's purpose, will be at all realized thrpugh the work of the congress. The Sun says:Š "As the time approaches for the assembling of the czar's disarmament conference the expectations of a practical outcome of any importance continue to dimin-ish. A very simple but decisive fact justifies this view. The instructions which the delegates of all the great powers, with the exception of Russia, carry to The Hague, while of course secret in all details, embody a 