THE PILGRIM'S PROGRESS BY JOHN BUNYAN. Royal Octavo Edition in large type, and contains over 100 illustrations, 50 of which are full page. Cloth, with ----- side stamp in ink and gold, $1.00. TO THE UBLIC: This certifies that the Battle Creek P   Sanitarium Health Foods, manufac-tured by the Sanitarium under the name of the Sanitarium Food Com-pany, are made under my direction and supervision, and that Granola and the other special foods manufactured by this company, are not made or sold by any otter firm or person except their duly authorized agents. J. H. KELLOGG, M. D. Our goods are shipped to every part of the worldŠto Australia, New Zealand, India, Persia, and other foreign countries, as well as to all parts of the United States; and in every instance they have demon-strated their wonderful keeping properties. The following are a few of the hundreds of testimonials received from persons who have for years made use of our foods. MICHIGAN. I have for three years used the "Health Foods" in my family, and can heartily recommend them, both for purity and health-giving properties. C. F. PORTER, D. D. S. INDIANA. Your "Health Foods" are the wonder of the nineteenth century. I have used Granola but a short time, but have already experienced relief from indigestion and acid, or flatulent dyspepsia. I also find the Zwie- bach nourishing and toothsome. D. M. KAUFFMAN. I have personally tested your excellent food known.as Granola. It is highly pleasing to the taste, easy of digestion, and the most nutritive cereal production with which I am acquaind. DR. R. W. BULA. I NEW YORK. Your Granola is the best selling invalid food I have ever handled. I have already sold nearly two thousand pounds. A. J. BROUGHTON. CONNECTICUT. We have used your "Health Foods" in our family for three years and can not get along without them. Having been troubled with dys-pepsia and chronic inflammation of the stomach, I found that your Gran-ola, Avenola, Wheatena, and Gluten are the only foods that I can eat with safety. Wm. M. MERWIN. OHIO. Our baby is a testimonial to Sanitarium food. She is ten months old, weighs twenty-eight pounds, and is as ruddy and healthy a specimen as can be seen. She has actually gained flesh while cutting her last two teeth. Her flesh is firm and sound, and she is very strong. MINNESOTA. We have twins, and the little fellows are thriving nicely. The food agrees with them perfectly, and I have recommended it to many who are bringing up babies " by hand." D. W. MCCOTJRT. MAY 18, 1893. isl,mikdair CA. INT SiTiNTJEI[INTI.,., 159 integrity and suffer the loss of property, of personal liberty, and it may be, con-signment to the dungeon, to the chain- gang, or to torture for a time until the Son of God, descending in his glory, will have set the captives free. Thus the Word of God declares :Š And all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him, [the ten horned beast or papal Rome] whose names are not written in the Book of Life of the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world. And he [the the two horned beast, or the United States Government] had power to give life unto the image of the beast, that the image of the beast should both speak and cause that as many as would not worship the image of the beast should be killed. And he eauseth all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and bond, to receive a mark [of the ten horned beast. See Rev. 14:9,] in their right hand [the symbol of labor] or in their foreheads [seat of their minds].. And that no man might buy or sell, save he that had the mark, or the name of the beast, or the number of his name. Rev. 13:8, 15-17. But the issue is not doubtful, for from the Isle of Patmos John in prophetic vis-ion declares: "And I saw, as it were, a sea of glass mingled with fire; and them that had gotten the victory over the beast and over his image and over his mark and over the number of his name, stand on the sea of glass having the harps of God." A. SMITH. ALL political efforts for uniformity are antagonistic to the gospel. A prominent man has recently stated that unity of reli-gion is essential to the existence of a na-tion. That is what the Czar of Russia thinks, and the result is the most cruel and oppressive tyranny. That idea, which is seizing the most enlightened nations at the present day, is the foundation of the Inquisition. Christ desires unity, but he does not try to force it, because the unity which is essential is the unity of growth into Christ, and growth can not be forced. The religion of Jesus is love, and force kills love. Where there is no love there is no righteousness; and therefore since " righteousness exalteth a nation," it is evident that the surest way to debase a na-tion is to attempt to produce perfect uni-formity in matters of religion by means of law.ŠTruth, London. FOUND AT LAST! A POCKET SPELLER, DICTION- ARY, AND MEMORANDUM BOOK COMBINED. It gives the right orthography of all words (over 22,800) in common use, and in nearly every instance their definition. It also gives rules for the use of capitals and punctuation marks, abbreviations of names of States and Territories, letters of intro- duction and recommendation, definitions Of commercial terms, forms of notes, due bills, receipts, letters of credit, orders for money, merchandise and goods stored, principal holidays, marriage anni- versaries, combination of shades, and carefully selected laws of etiquette in social and business life, also a silicate slate for memoran- da. This Speller gives the most complete list of words in com-mon use; it is a Speller, Dictionary, Handy Companion, and Memorandum Book combined; it is indexed; it prints all words pronounced alike but spelled differently, so they can be dis-tinguished at a glance; it shows where the letter a at the end of a word is to be dropped when adding ed or ing; it gives a com-plete list of the most practical business forms; it gives the laws of etiquette in social and business life; these rules alone are worth the price of the Speller. This Speller is bound in leather, is of convenient size to be carried in vest pocket, and its price brings it within the reach of all. American Russia leather, gilt edge, 00 cents. Sent post-paid to any address on receipt of price. Address Pacific) Press Publishing Co., 93 Bond St., New York City. For more than sixteen years the Battle Creek Sanitarian has maintained a Health Food Depart-ment. at first for the benefit of its patients and pa-trons, later, and for more than a dozen years, with increased facilities, to supply the general public. Within the last year More Than 150 Tons of the following named foods have been manufac-tured and sold:Š Oatmeal Biscuit, Rye Wafers, Medium Oatmeal Crackers, Fruit Crackers, Carbon Crackers, Plain Oatmeal Crackers, No. I Graham Crackers, Avenola, No. 2 Graham Crackers, Granola, Plain Graham Crackers (Dyspeptic), Wheat Granola, White Crackers, Whole Wheat Wafers, Gluten Food, No. 1, Gluten Wafers, Gluten Food, No. 2, Infants' Food. Granola, The Gem of Health Foods. Our Granola, which has now been manu-factured by us for nearly seventeen years, is unquestionably the finest health food ever devised, and is greatly superior to any of the numerous imitations to which its success has given rise. 'SANITARIUM HEALTH FOOD CO., - CIVIL GOVERNMENT AND RELIGION In English, German, Danish, and Swedish. BY. A. T. JONES. Scriptural, Logical, Plain, and Forcible. THIS IMPORTANT WORK SHOWS CLEARLY THE RELATION THAT SHOULD EXIST BETWEEN CHURCH AND STATE AT THE PRESENT TIME, AS PROVEN BY THE BIBLE, AND THE HISTORY OF THE PAST TWENTY-FIVE CENTURIES. CIVIL GOVERNMENT AND RELIGION Is a Pamphlet of 1 8 2 Large Octavo Pages, in English, Price, 25 cents; and in German. Danish, and Swedish, over 200 pages, Price, 35 cents, (Illustrated). THOUSANDS OF COPIES Should be placed in the hands of thinking people at once. It clearly defines what position American citizens should sustain toward the efforts now on foot to secure Religious Legislation. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. 12th & Castro Streets, I 4.3 Bond Street, OAKLAND, CAL. New Yoea. - BATTLE CREEK, MICH. ATTRACTIVE TRUTHS IN LESSON AND STORY. A series of outline lessons with illustrative stories and Scripture verses for the use of those who are nexperienced in teaching the young. It is suitable for use in childrens' meetings and for home teaching. Cloth, $1.25. Waterman's ideal Fountain Pen "I find the most satisfactory pen of its kind," says Chauncey M. Depew, President of the New York Central R. R., and thousands of others are ready to bear a similar testimony. This pen is simple and yet highly philosophi-cal in its construction. It rarely gets out of order and seldom needs repairs. The pen-points are fine, medium or coarse, and of all grades of flexibility from soft to very stiff. Any hand can be suited. A full guarantee goes with each and every pen. The cut shows a No. 4 pen (gentleman's size) reduced about one half in size. No. 1, $2.50 No. 4, $4.00 " 2, 3.00 " 5, 5.00 " 3, 3.50 " 6, 6.00 PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, 12'ra & CASTRO Ss's., I 43 BOND ST., OAKLAND, CAL. New YORK. THE BATTLE CREEK SANITARIUM 'HEALTH FOODS.  We are constantly improving our foods, and adding to our list as the result of experimental researches conducted in the Sanitarium Laboratory of Hygiene and our Experimental Kitchen. For the latest descriptive circular and price list, address, 