30 109tiH-7.1a, AN.  s.E.avrri VoL. 10, No. 4. action taken by the Council of Trent on this very matter :Š The Council of Trent defines against antinomian heretics of ancient and modern times, that the ten commandments bind the consciences of, all mankind, Christians included. "If any one say that the ten commandments have nothing to do with Christians, let him be anathema." "If any one say that a man, though justified and ever so perfect, is not bound to observe the commandments of God and the church, let him be anathema." . . The ten command- ments, then, did not begin to bind when proclaimed to the people of Israel, and they have not ceased to do so now that Christ has done away with the Jewish law. Page 106. This statement alone, approved by the cardinals, refutes every point " Father" Elliott attempts to make concerning the Council of Trent and its position on the Sabbath question. I will let Cardinal Gibbons again answer Priest Elliott. In a letter to the cardinal, dated Jan. 6, 1895, the writer, after plainly stating that he is a Protestant, but does not indorse the so- called Protestant side of the argument on the Sunday qUestion, but rather agrees with the Catholic Mirror that there is no warrant whatever in Scripture for Sunday sacredness, and that Protestants are fol-lowing the tradition of the Catholic Church, stated in his letter that "They tell us, however, that the Council of Trent finds evidence in the New Testament for Sunday-keeping, and that the said Council agreed that the apostles substituted Sunday for the Mosaic Sabbath" (using the words of Priest Elliott almost verbatim). The letter added that the writer could not agree with those who made the above state-ment, and asked the cardinal to kindly give his opinion on the subject. The fol-lowing is the cardinal's reply, and is to the point:Š Cardinal's Residence, 408 N. Charles St., Baltimore, Jan. 8, 1895. Dear Sir: The cardinal desires me to say, in answer to your favor of the 6th inst., that you are right in your conclusions in regard to the Sunday. There is no attempt on the part of council or prelate to give scriptural authority to the observance of Sunday. What is arrived at is this: That the observance of one day as the Lord's day is of scriptural warrant [the commandment] inasmuch as it forms the essence of the precept given to Moses. But the observance of the day for the Hebrews, Jews, was to be on Sat-urday for reasons given by God. But that was not essential, and the authority of the church derived from our Saviour* changed the day. There is no text of Scripture that bears on the matter other than what I' have mentioned, viz., the command [in Old Testament] to keep holy the Lord's day. [Italics mine.] I beg to be, Yours truly in Christ, C. F. THOMAS. (For the Cardinal.) The above entirely repudiates the soph-istry of "Father " Elliott; but to make the contradiction more apparent, the following parallel columns are given, which should be used against this subtle missionary 'of Rome wherever he is laboring to overthrow the plain statements of God's Word :Š FATHER ELLIOTT. CARDINAL GIBBONS. I took the Protestant The claims of Protes- side of the controversy on tants. . . proved to the question of Sunday ob-  be groundless, self -con- servance. tradictory and suicidal.Š Catholic Mirror, organ of Cardinal Gibbons. I maintain that, first, a The Council of Trent "Bible Christian " . . . defines — against can and must believe that antinomian heretics of the entire ceremonial law ancient and modern times, of the Jews is totally abol-  that the ten commandments ished by Christ . . bind the conscience of all no less the Jewish Sabbath mankind, Christians in -than the Jewish sacrifice. eluded. " If any one say that the ten command- ments have nothing to do with Christians, let him be * He refers to Christ's words, " Hear the Church."  anathema. . . . The ten commandments, then, did not begin to bind when proclaimed to the people of Israel, and they ham; not ceased to do so now that Christ has done away with the Jewish law.---Church History, p. 106, in "Half Hours with the Servants of God," approved by Car-dinal Gibbons. Second, I maintain, with There is no attempt on the catechism of the Coun-  the part 01 council or prel-cil of Trent, that there is ate to give scriptural au-evidence in the New Tes-  thority to the observance tament of the selection by of Sunday. ŠLetter from the apostles of the Sunday Cardinal Gibbons, dated as a substitute for the Jan. 8, 1895. Mosaic Sabbath. You may read your Bible from. Genesis to Revela-tion, and you will not find a single line authorizing the sanctification of SunŁ day. The Scriptures en., force the religious observ-ance of Saturday, a day which we never sanctify. Faith of Our Fathers, by Cardinal Gibbons, p. 111. It is needlest to say more. It truly is, as the Catholic Mirror says, "Self-contra- dictory and suicidal" to defend Sunday from Scripture. And the above leaves " Father " Elliott and his Sunday just where Absalom was when his head was caught in the tree, with nothing to stand upon. I will quote one more statement from a small pamphlet, called " Letters of Senex on True and False Faith, and on the Sabbath Question, Scripturally Con-sidered," written by the writer of the Mirror editorials on the same question. On page 10, he says :Š The Bible Christian who conscientiously clings to the Bible as his "rule of faith," cannot close his eyes to the awful truth and fact that there exists a positive command of GodŠone of the tenŠthat he has never once kept during his whole life, because he has lived his whole life keeping another day in direct violation of his own rule of faith; whilst in this matter which should be to him one of prime importance, he is blindly and slavishly, and, what is far worse, sac-rificing his own fixed religious principles to follow the oonamand of the Catholic Church, which requires the keeping of Sunday rather than Saturday. Thus we have the Paulist Priest Elliott in conflict with his cardinal and council in an effort to please Protestants and pre-vent them from severing the Sunday link that binds them to Rome. E. E. FRANKE. Significant Paragraphs. [We publish under this heading paragraphs more or less significant, without either approval or dissent, and without comment. The careful observer of the signs of the times will readily discern the pertinent facts and opinions, and will know how to turn them to account in the great controversy between truth and error.] The Ministerial Union. As foreshadowed last week, the Minis-terial Union, embracing all evangelical denominations, met on Monday morning in the Presbyterian assembly room. Dr. DeBow of the Methodist Episcopal Church, read a paper entitled, " A Psychological Study of Revivals." The paper was dis-cussed by several members. Rev. Dr. Fernley, chairman of the Sab-bath committee, reported as usual, recom-mending that the fine for violating the Sabbath law of 1794 be raised from $4 to $25. The report was adopted. H. L. Wayland moved the following resolution :  " That it is the sense of this body that the law of 1794 be not used for the violation of religious liberty in the person of quiet and conscientious. citizens, who, after ob-serving the seventh day as a day of rest and worship, pursue their vocations on the first day, without interfering with the observance of that day by their neigh-bors." After some discussion, the presi-dent ruled that, according to the by-laws, the body had already adjourned. ŠSpecial Dispatch from Philadelphia to the Exam-iner (Baptist). How to Secure Church Union. A UNION of churches is hopeless. The tree of nineteen centuries' growth will not split in two hundred fragments and wind itself round the vines of three hundred years' growth. If you want union, dear friends, come into us; the old Mother Church extends her arms and says : " Come in ; my wings are broad, and I will shield you from your enemiesŠand we will be one in Christ."ŠWestern Catholic News, Nov. 10, 1894. The Reunion Movement. THE question of the reunion of the Eastern churches with the holy see con-tinues to be a subject of interest. Of course, reunion could not possibly be ac-complished in the short space of time occupied by a first congress. Leo XIII. has begun the good work; another may terminate it. Meanwhile the holy see has given the Eastern Catholics who acknowl-edged the pope as their supreme chief, every latitude and privilege with regard to rite, liturgy, and language, so that by fraternizing constantly with their schis-matic brethren they may, if possible, bring them within the one fold under one shepherd some day.ŠPittsburg Catholic, Dec. 27, 1894. Societies to Enforce Law. A LEXOW COMMITTEE witness swore, on Thursday, that he had paid $1,000 to An-thony Comstock as a bribe for securing the quashing of an indictment for " green-goods " business. A second witness swore he saw the money paid. Whether this charge is true or false, it reflects what is an easy possibility, and it ought to call public attention sharply to a danger point in our system. - It is obvious that if Mr. Comstock chose, he could employ the powers he possesses for the levying of blackmail as freely as police captains have used theirs in that way. He could make a fortune in a few years by exacting tribute from vice and crime. It is very dangerous to intrust such a power as this to anybody. It is especially dangerous to intrust it, as our laws do, to whomsoever there may be that chooses to exercise it. Societies for the enforcement of law for the repression of vice and for other ostensibly good purposes, may be organ-ized by anybody who chooses. The law vests in them powers which it is easy to use for the blackmailing and licensing of the very things the societies profess to antagonize. The system is clearly wrong and very dangerous. The enforcement of the laws, 