10 Pr Er g okLIVIERICAN SENTINEL. VOL 4, No. 2. all thine heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy might. And these words, which I command thee this day, shall be in thine heart; and thou shalt teach them diligently unto thy children, and shalt talk of them when thou sittest in thine house, and when thou walkest by the way, and when thou liest down, and when thou risest up." Deut. 6: 5-7. This is family instruction in morals, the only means of instruction that God ever or-dained. The highest recommendation that God could give to Abraham was this: " I know him, that he will command his children and his household-  after him, and they shall keep the way of the Lord, to .do justice and judgment." Gen. 18: 19. The parent is to the child in the place of God, to give it instruction in the way it should go. In the Bible we find instruction to par-ents to bring up their children in the nurture and admonition of the Lord; to teach the commandments to their sons and their sons sons; to correct their children betimes, etc.; but we find not the slightest hint that the State should do this if the parent fails to do his duty. The same word that tells parents to teach the law to their children, also enjoins parents to have the law of God in their hearts. Now the same logic which would take the child out of the parent's hands, and turn him over to the State for instruction in morals, provided the parent is remiss in his duty, would also provide that the State should at-tempt to make the parent himself moral, if he has neglected the word of God. When the State begins to teach morals, it cannot logically stop short of assuming the whole business, and taking the place of the churches as the agent for spreading the gospel. We read that a child left to himself will bring his mother to shame; but we have no intimation that the State is to take such a child, and train him so that he will be an honor to his parents. When the position is taken that the State must assume the respon-sibility of caring for children, and seeing that they have good morals, it is but a step to the old heathen custom which was advocated by Plato, and which was actually in use among the Spartans, and some other Greeks, that the State should control the matter of who shall beget children. Surely if the State has the burden of training children in morals, so as to make them the best citizens, it should have a chance. to see that its burden is as light as possible. And since, from the very nature of the case, it is impossible for the State to con-trol absolutely the matter of marriages and births, so as to secure only the best specimens of childhood, it is but another step to the heathen custom of destroying those infants which the officers of the State did not deem suitable to bring up. We don't say that this Government will ever do this thing, for we don't think that it will last long enough to come to that; but it is the logical result of the parental theory of Government; and if the United States Gov-ernment should exist for a hundred years after the adoption of National Reform ,ideas, that is just what it would come to. In the Cincinnati Convention, in.1872, Rev. A. D. Mayo said "But why not divide this work, and leave the moral and religious part of the education of the citizen to the parent and priest? Be-cause you cannot hold the parent or the priest to any public responsibility to educate the child into that practical form of religion and morality essential to gdod citizenship in a republican State." There you have it. National Reform doc-trine is, just as America proposes, that the State shall take the child out of the parent's_ hands entirely. If you are in favor with the State, you may be permitted Co retain your child; but if your morals are not .such as the State approves, if your form of religion is different from that which the State has adopted, no matter how moral you may be, then your child must be taken from you and brought up in such a way that it may be an honor to the church and the State. This has the Roman Catholic Church ever assumed the right to do, and thus National Reformers stamp their movement as the legitimate child of the Papacy. And since the Papacy is but paganism under another form, what is there Ł to prevent them, if time should continue, from degeneratidig into the heathen custom before referred to? Our position is this, and we challenge any-body to show that it is not correct: Every child ought to have good moral instruction, and should be trained to fear the Lord. The parent or guardian is the only one who has the duty of giving to the child this instruc-tion and training. If the parent, either from indifference or incompetency, fails to do his duty in this respect, it is the child's loss, but there is no power on earth that has a right to take the child out of the parent's hand on this account. If the child is lost, the parent alone is responsible to God for bringing into the world .a child and then neglecting its most important interest. And so we say that if the parent does not give the child moral instruction, and does not put the child in the way of receiving such instruction from the church, then the child must go absolutely without it, at least until it is old enough to act for itself. This we say without any re-serve. It would be true even if the State should assume the obligations of a parent; for, since the State can "do properly only that which it is ordained to do, it follows that the children whom it might adopt would, in re-ality, be as destitute of moral instruction as though their unbelieving parents had been allowed to retain full control of them. 'E. J. W. To COMPEL [a Catholic] . . to send his children to a school where the Protestant view and the Protestant view alone is taught, is as unjustifiable and absprd as it would be to force Protestants into a similar position, if at some time the Catholics should get the up-per hand, and the tables should be turned. And if, under such circumstances, Protestants would not submit, it is simply-rank injustice to demand that Catholics shall submit, simply because the power at ,present Jaappens to be  in Protestant hands. Thus we ate forced to the conclusion that in our public schools we must, give to our instruction no more of theo-logical color than we give to our courts and Legislatures. The responsibility of all relig-ious instruction, if we are to preserve a har-monious support of our institutions, must be left to the churches, to the families, and, to voluntary - individual effort. And there it may be left with entire safety.ŠCharles Ken-dall, Adams. The New Council of Nice. IN our discussion of the Blair resolution for the religious amendment to the National Constitution, we have shown that, in order for the National power to determine what are the principles of the Christian religion which are common to all denominations and pe-culiar to none, a general convention of ail the denominations, Catholics included, would have to be called; and that when this gen-eral convention should agree as to what prin-ciples are common to all, the Nation would adopt that as the National creed, and enforce it in all the publics in the land. This is pre-cisely the idea of the author of the proposed amendment. In his letter to the Secretary of the National Reform Association, Senator Blair says:Š "I believe that a text-book of instruction in the principles of virtue, morality, and of the Christian religion, can be pkepared for use in the public schools by the joint effort of those who represent every branch of the Christian church, both Protestant and Cath-olic." Therefore, when that shall have been done, it is certain that whatever principles are adopted as the principles of the Christian religion, they will have to be such as are sat-isfactory to the Catholic "branch of the Chris-tian Church." Nor is this all. This is only the beginning;-for, when this Convention shall have been called, it will assuredly be to the interest of each one of the principal denominations to have it adopt as many as possible of the principles of that particular denomination, and the final result of the discussion will be a compromise. But this will be only for the time being, because then the standard of the religion will be an element in the polit-ical contests, and it will be an object to each one of the principal denominations to secure as much influence as possible with the Gov-ernment to get a new council called to revise the principles of the National creed, and this will be kept up interminably. As surely as any such amendment to the Constitution shall ever be adopted as this which is proposed .by Senator Blair, or as is wanted by the National Reform Association, so surely will there fol-low with it a repetition of the course of coun-cils, contests, and strifes that followed the Council of Nice, and the establishment of the Christian religion as the imperial religion of Rome. Compared with that which would follow this establishment of a National re-ligion, the American people have never yet known what confusion really is. By the above quotation from Senator Pd4ir's, 