T-HE sENTIN(Ei.,-  OF EIBEwry. 551 Aday's business; not merely in the graver offices of state, in the civil and military acts of public men; in the senate, which commenced its deliberations -with sacrifice; in the camp, the center of which was a consecrated temple. The pagan's domestic hearth was guarded by the Penates, or by the ancestral gods of his family or tribe; by land he traveled un-der the protection of one tutelar divinity, by sea of another; the birth, the bridal, the funeral, had each its presiding deity; the very commonest household utensils and implements were cast in mythological forms; he could scarcely drink without being re- minded of making a libation to the gods; and the language itself was impregnated with constant allu- sions to the popular religion." (Milman's Hist. Christ., vol. I, pp. 436-439.) National Worship an Homage to Demons. Notwithstanding all the frauds of the pagan tern--plesit is now well known that many of the pagan priests were Spiritualist mediums, possessing great thaumaturgical power. So Gibbon says: " The Chris-tians, who, by the interposition of the evil spiritscould so readily explain every preternatural appear-ance, were disposed and even desirous to admit the most extravagant fictions of the pagan mythology. But the belief of the Christian was accompanied with horror. The most trifling act of respect to- the national worship he considered as a direct homage yielded to the demon and as an act of rebellion against the majesty of God. * * * It was the first but arduous duty of every Christian to preserve himself pure and undefiled from the practice of idolatry." Idolatry All-Pervading. "The religion of the nations was not merely a speculative doctrine professed in the schools or preached in the temples. The innumerable deities and rites of polytheism were closely interwoven with every circumstance of business or pleasure, of public or private life, and it seemed impossible to escape the observance of them without, at the same time, renouncing the commerce of mankind, and all the offices and amusements of society. The important transactions of peace and war were prepared or con-cluded by solemn sacrifices, in which the magistrate, the senator and the soldier were obliged to preside or participate. " The Christian, who with pious horror avoided the abomination of the circus and the theater, found him- self encompassed with, infernal snares in every con-vivial entertainment, as often as his friends invoking the hospitable deities poured out libations to each other's happiness. "When the 'bride, struggling with well-affected reluctance, was forced in-  hymeneal pomp over the threshold of her new, habitation, or when the sad procession of the dead slowly moved toward the funeral pile, the Christian, on these interesting oc-casions, was compelled to desert the persons who,  were the dearest to him rather than contract the guilt inherent in those impious ceremonies. Every art and every trade that was in the least concerned in the framing or adorning of idols was polluted by the 'stain of idolatry." " Even the arts-  of music and painting, of eloquence and poetry, flowed from the same impure origin." " Even the common language of Rome abounded with familiar but impi-ous expressions, which the imprudent Christian might too carelessly utter or too patiently hear. * * * The Days of Solemn Festival. "The dangerous temptations which on every side lurked in ambush to surprise the unguarded believer —, assailed him.with redoubled violence on the days of solemn festival. * * * Some idea may be con-ceived of the abhorrence of the Christian for such impious ceremonies by the scrupulous delicacy which they displayed on a much less alarming occasion. On days of general festivity it was the custom of the ancients to adorn their doors with lamps and with branches of laurel, and to crown their heads with garlands of flowers. This innocent and elegant prac-tice might perhaps have been tolerated as a mere civil institution. But it most unluckily happened that the doors were under ,the protection of the household gods; that the laurels were sacred to the lovers of Daphne, and that garlands of flowers, though frequently worn as a symbol either of joy or mourning, had been dedicated in their first origin to the services of superstition. The trembling Chris-tian, who was persuaded in this instance to comply with the fashion of his country, and with the com- mands of the magistrate, labored under the most gloomy apprehension from the reproaches of his own conscience and the censures of the church. * * * Such was the anxious diligence which was required to guard the chastity of the gospel from the infectious breath- of idolatry." (Gibbon's " Decline and Fall," chapter 15, par. 15,16 and 17.) 