TO THE PUBLIC: This certifies that the Battle Creek Sanitarium -Health Foods, manufactured by the Sanitarium under the name of the Sanitarium Food Company, are made under my direction and supervision, and that Granola and the other special foods manufactured by this company, are not made or sold by any other firm or person except their duly authorized agents. J. H. KELLOG, M. D. Our goods are shipped to every part of the worldŠto Australia, New Zealand, India, Persia, and other foreign countries, as well as to all parts of the United. States; and in every instance they have demonstrated their wonderful keeping properties. The following are a few of the hundreds of testimonials received from persons who have for years made use of our foods. MICHIGAN. I have for three years used the " Health Foods" in my family, and can heartily recommend them, both for purity and health- giving properties. C. F. PORTER, D. D. S. INDIANA. Your " Health Foods " are the wonder of the nineteenth century. I have used Granola but a short time, but have already experienced relief from indigestion and acid, or flatulent dyspepsia.. I also find the Zwiebach nourishing and toothsome. D. M. KAUFFMAN. I have personally tested your excellent food known as Granola. It is highly pleasing to the taste, easy of digestion, and the most nutritive cereal production with which I am acquainted. DR. R. W. BULA. ' NEW YORK. Your Granola is the best selling invalid food I have ever handled. I have already sold nearly two thousand pounds. A. J. BROUGFITON. CONNECTICUT. We have used your "Health Foods" in our family for three years, and can not get along without them Having been troubled with dyspepsia and chronic inflammation of the stomach, I find that your Granola, Avenola, Wheatena, and Gluten are the only foods that I can eat with safety. WM. M. MERWIN. OHIO. Our baby is a testimonial to Sanitarium food. She is ten months old, weighs twenty-eight pounds, and is as ruddy and healthy a specimen as can be seen. She has actually gained flesh while cutting her last two teeth. Her flesh is firm and sound, and she is very strong. FRED. L. ROSEMOND. MINNESOTA. We have twins, and the little fellows are thriving nicely. The food agrees with them perfectly, and I have recommended it to many who are bringing up babies " by hand." D. W. McCourtT. NOVEMBER 16, 1893. A_TVILIHARAICA_N SIHAINT9PlENIHAL. 359 THE BATTLE CREEK SANITARIUM  HEALTH FOODS. We are constantly improving our foods, and adding to our list as the result of experimental researches conducted in the Sanitarium Laboratory of Hygiene and our Experimental Kitchen. For the latest  descriptive circular and price list, address, SANITARIUM HEALTH FOOD CO., Battle Creek, Mick owe was For more than sixteen years the Battle Creek Sanita-rian has maintained a Health Food Department, at first for the benefit of its patients and patrons, later, and for more than a dozen years, with increased facilities, to supply the general public. Within the last year More than 150 Tons of the following named foods have been manufactured and sold:Š Oat meal Biscuit, Rye Wafers, Medium Oatmeal Crackers, Fruit Crackers, Carbon Crackers, Plain Oatmeal Crackers, No. I Graham Crackers, Avenola, No.2 Graham Crackers, Granola, Plain Graham Crackers (Dyspeptic), Wheat Granola, White Crackers, Whole Wheat Wafers, Gluten Biscuit, No.1, Gluten Wafers, Gluten Biscuit, No. 2, Infants' Food. Granola, The Gem of Health Foods. Our Granola, which has now been manufactured by us for nearly seventeen years, is unquestionably the finest health food ever devised, and is greatly superior to any of the numer-ous imitations to which its success has given rise. Waterman's Ideal Fountain Pen " I find the most satisfactory pen of its kind," says Chauncey M. Depew, President of the New York Central R.R., and thousands of others are ready to bear a similar testimony. This pen is simple and yet highly philosophi-cal in its construction. It rarely gets out of order and seldom needs repairs. The pen-points are fine, medium or coarse, and of all grades of flexibility from soft to very stiff. Any hand can be suited. A full guarantee goes with each and every pen. The cut shows a No. 4 pen (gentleman's size) reduced about one half in size. No. 1, $2.50 No. 4, $4.00 " 2, 3.00 " 5, 5.00 " 3, 3.50 " 6, 6.00 PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. Ł1, 12th St Castro Streets, I 43 Bond Street, qŁŁ OAKLAND, CAL. NNW YORK. BOOKS FOR LITTLE ONES. We are pleased to say to our many friends who have asked us in regard to books for little ones that BIBLE PICTURES AND STORIES, AND ITS COMPANION, Little Folks' Bible Gallery, pntain the most perfect and complete outfit of illustrations and stories that we have been de to find. We can recommend them, or either e, to every one desirous of obtaining something g, 9d as a gift for a child. Size 7 x 9 inches, 96 p: ;es each; 44 full-page pictures in one, 45 in the Ł Price $ 1 each, or both together, post-paid, $ I .75. PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 43 Bond Street, New York City. FT PRISON LIGHT avvgaenntt: aversewhere. Good pay. 15c. Trial year. Indorsed by SENTINEL. Particulars free. MYERS,. PRISON LIGHT, Newfane, Vt, THE STORY OF JESUS. BY MRS. G. N. MORTON. A successful attempt to adapt the life of Christ to the comprehension of children of four years old and under. The charm of the story and the simplicity of the telling make this one of the very best books that can be given to a child.ŠNew York Observer. 12mo, 316 pages, cloth, printed in colors, $1.00 FATHERS OF THE C ILI C CET MEL C BY E. T. WAGGONER. History repeats itself, because human nature is the same in all ages of the world. Hence, he who would know HOW TO AVOID ERROR IN THE FUTURE must know how errors have developed in the past. The " Fathers of the Catholic Church" shows the condition of the heathen world at the time of Christ, briefly states the princi-ples of ancient heathen philosophy, and shows how the adop-tion of these principles by prominent men in the church, and the incautious lowering of the standard of pure Christianity, developed the Papacy, which was simply a new phase of pa-ganism. "" 3 chapter on SUN-WORSHIP AND SUNDAY is alone worth the price of the book. Fine English cloth,sub-stantially bound, contains about 400 pages, and will be sent pk,st-paid for $1.00. ATTRACTIVE TRUTHS IN LESSON AND STORY. A series of outline lessons with illustrative stories and Scrip t ur e verses for the use of those who are Inexperienced in teaching the young. It is suitable for use in childrens' meetings and for home teaching. Cloth, $1.25. Address all Orders to PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, 12TH & CASTRO STS., 43 BOND ST., OAKLAND, CAL. I Nsiw YORK. CHRISTIAN -LIFE SERIES. Four excellent books of which we can give no better idea than by quoting the table of contents of one. The first, "Chris-tian Living," contains nine chapters, as follows:Š I. The Appropriation of Christ. II. Christ's Proprietorship. III. Reciprocal Indwelling. IV. "Sins" and "Sins." V. The Will. VI. Guidance. VII. The Fullness of the Spirit. VIII. Our Work for Christ. IX. Concluding Words. The second book of this series, "The Present Tense of the Blessed Life," has seventeen chapters and treats of the many promises of present help and blessing. The Christian should live in the present as well as for the future. Jesus not only promises future salvation but he gives present victory. The Future Tense of the Blessed Life," deals with promises of future blessings. The first chapter is "A Cluster of Grapes;" the text is Zeph. 3: 17. "The Lord thy God in the midst of thee is mighty; he will save, he will rejoice over thee with joy; he will rest in his love, he will joy over thee with singing." Truly this is a rich cluster of promises. The title of the remaining book, "The Shepherd Psalm," will sufficiently explain to every Christian the character of this volume. What follower of Christ is not familiar with the Twenty-Third Psalm and where is the trusting Christian who does not love to dwell upon it ? About one hundred and sixty pages each, bound in blue vel-lum cloth, 50 cents each, or four for $1.75. SAFETY PENCIL POCKET. NEAT, CHEAP, SERVICEABLE. It perfectly secures pen or pencil in the pocket, so that it can not fall out when stooping. Can be easily and safely attached to any part of the clothing. A small investment will prevent the loss of a valuable pen or pencil. PRICES. No. 1. Russia leather, for 2 pens 10c. No. 2. <, 3 " 6 15c. No. 3. Sealskin, 2 " 15c. No. 4. 3  ,, 25c. No. 5. Russia leather, for 4 " 25c. No. 6. Sealskin, 4 " 40c. Sent by mail on receipt of price. We guarantee these pockets superior in every particular to sim-ilar styles formerly sold and still offered at much higher prices. FAVORITE BIBLE STORIES FOR THE YOUNG Š With numerous illustrations. 16mo, handsomely illuminated board covers, 50 cents. ; cloth extra, 75 cents. A (dress Pacific Press, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 