.a.ME  "RIM CA-1NT SIMNVINI Tr VoL. 11, No. 10. This was one surprise, but a greater one was to follow. Dr. Geo. B. Eager, pastor of the First Bap-tist Church, arose to declare his position. He agreed with Dr. Powers that legislation cannot improve the morals, and declared that he could not indorse the political methods of the American Sabbath Union to secure sabbath observance. Election of officers followed, and were pretty well divided among the various denominations. The next morning the second meeting was held with a slim attendance. Two addresses were delivered; the first by Rev. F. F. Man-gum, D. D., of the Methodist Episcopal Church, on " The Lord's Day Divine in its Origin and Permanence," and the other by Rev. J. P. Morgan, of the Protestant Method-ist Church, on the "Sabbath and the Family." As stated on the programs, an opportunity was given for discussion of the subjects pre-sented, and Dr. Eager was on his feet at once. It was then discovered that the discussion was confined to members of the association, unless permission was given. By vote, Dr. Eager was granted an opportunity to speak, though one dissenting voice was plainly heard. He stated that he could not become a member, because of some propositions in their basis of organization, which declared that the Sabbath was of universal and perpetual obligation, and that the authority of the fourth command-ment was " transferred to the Christian sab-bath or Lord's day, by Christ and the apos-tles." This he declared was an assumption, and had been reiterated by the various speak- ers The Sabbath ended at the cross,* and the Lord's day was a distinct institution, not de-riving its authority from the Decalogue. He challenged any one to produce scriptural proof of a change of the Sabbath from the seventh to the first day of the week. In the apostles' times, and during the first century, both days were kept, but gradually the observance of the Sabbath ceased. If they stood on the as-sumption of the binding authority of the Decalogue, they were inconsistent, and could not meet the position of the Seventh-day Ad-ventists. He delivered some telling blows against the religious legislation methods of the society. Referring to the Church-and-State theory presented the night before, Dr. Eager said that there was hardly a meeting of this kind, but what there was some one to present just such ideas, which indicated the drift and ten-dency of the movement. Already the halls of Congress and State legislatures had been en-tered by representatives of the American Sab-bath Union, and a standing committee or lobby was kept at Washington to influence legislation in accordance with their plans. This was a course which, if pursued, would place this country in the hands of the Cath-olics, and restore the Inquisition. For him-self, he was not willing to take one backward step in that direction, nor give up one jot or tittle of the precious boon of freedom of con-science. This sabbath legislation was asking * The SENTINEL cannot agree with Dr. Eager in this proposi-tion. "The Sabbath was made for man," i. e., for the race. It exists in the facts of creation, and derives its sanctions from the fourth commandment. Being enjoined in the Dec-alogue it must exist as long as that law exists; and of the divine code, Art. 5 of the " Baptist Manual" says: "The law of God is the eternal and unchangeable rule of his Moral government; and it is the one great end of the gospel to bring fallen man into unfeigned obedience to his (God's) holy law." Does Dr. Eager believe this ? That the Sabbath will not pass away even with the end of the present world is evident from a comparison of Isa. 60: 22, 23, with 2 Peter 3: 10-13. Rev. 1:10, so generally relied upon to prove Sunday sacred-ness, does indeed show that the Lord has in this dispensation a day which he calls his own. But that it is not Sunday is easily shown. Following the Protestant rule of interpreting the Scriptures, explaining each text by other and clearer texts, we are not left in doubt upon this question. Com-paring Ex. 20: 8-11 with Isa. 58:13, and Mark 2:28, only one conclusion is possible, namely, that the Sabbath of the Old Testament, the seventh day, is the Lord's day of the new.Š'EDITOR. Congress to settle a religious controversy, for there was quite a class of citizens who kept the seventh day, and the government had no right to recognize the sabbath of one class more than another. He mentioned the He-brews and Seventh-day Baptists, and said that some of the Seventh-day Adventist brethren were present listening to all their arguments. He was in favor of promoting observance of the Lord's day in the family, in the church, and in society at large, but not by the unlaw-ful and unchristian method of civil legisla-tion. Some little time was taken up in discussion by different ones, and for a short while it seemed that confusion would reign, but order was restored. The secretary, a Baptist min-ister, from an adjoining town, stated his po-sition just before leaving, as duties called him away. He thought there was plenty of work without going to the legislatures, and he hoped their labors would be crowned with such suc-cess that they would not need to ask for the aid of civil laws. The closing meeting was held that night. The principal address was to have been about the " Sabbath and Civil Law," by Rev. A. J. Dickinson, an able Baptist minister from Selma. This was looked forward to with con-siderable interest, but he did not come. Rev. John Barbour, a Presbyterian divine from Birmingham, considered the subject, " The Sabbath or the SaloonŠWhich?" In his closing remarks, the president ex-pressed his pleasure concerning the work that had been accomplished, and thought that the association was started on its career with bright prospects and a hopeful outlook. Thus Alabama joins the ranks with other States to promulgate the religion of force in-stead of the gospel of love and persuasion; and the outcome will surely be persecution, a trampling upon the rights of conscience of the minority, and the restoration of the Pa-pacy, or a formation of its living image. It is cheering to hear some raise a note of warning, and it is time for defenders of liberty to speak forth boldly and plainly, that the people may see the dangers that are rap-idly gathering right in their midst, and be prepared for the solemn but inevitable issue. Now is the time for all true Protestants to show their colors and not hesitate in exposing the evils that will result from Church and State union, which is being brought about by the various sabbath associations of the land. Ł -0- Ł  FOR A "LIBERAL" SUNDAY. [From the World of Feb. 28. For editorial comment see last page of this paper.] ALBANY, Feb. 27.ŠThe great petition of the German-American Citizens' Union, con-taining 115,000 names, in favor of the Cham-ber of Commerce bill to submit to a vote of the people of cities of the first class the ques-tion of Sunday opening, was presented to the Legislature to-day. Among the New Yorkers present were Rev. Dr. W. S. Rainsford, rector of St. George's Church; Rev. Dr. J. H. Rylance, rector of St. Mark's Church; Carl Schurz, Gustav Schwab, President Jeroloman, of the Board of Aldermen, and Thomas A. Fulton. John B. Pannes, President of the German-American Citizens' Union, said that the peti-tion represented the wishes of a cosmopolitan and heterogeneous people, who were different in creed and in habit from the people of other parts of the State. Dr. Rainsford denied that the opening of  saloons on Sunday was a moral wrong. The charge that it was a violation of religious principles was, he said, ignorant and mislead-ing. The dwellers of the tenements needed places to meet on Sunday, and it was ignoring their needs to close the saloons, for they have no better places to go. The majority of educated Christian men were coming to the belief that they cannot get the tenement peo-ple to go to church by closing the saloons. In closing Dr. Rainsford said :Š If by holding up my finger I could close every saloon in New York City on Sunday, I would not raise it. You are making criminals by the present system." Mr. Schurz said it was not a question of business, but a question of justice to the common people. He predicted that the po-lice would in one year relax from the nervous strain under which they were now working. Dr. Rylance said in part:Š " By the present system you are making infidels. The poor people want none of the religion that is not based on equal privileges to rich and poor. The Decalogue has nothing to do with the laws of Jesus Christ to-day." Mr. Fulton announced that Dr. Parkhurst and R. Fulton Cutting approved the bill, except that they wanted to forbid the selling of distilled liquors on Sunday. The opponents of Sunday opening will be given a hearing. Ł GROWTH OF OF ROMANISM. [The Evangel and Sabbath Outlook, Feb. $9, 1896.] SOME interesting figures as to the condition of the Roman Catholic Church in England, Scotland and Wales are given in the Catholic Mirror of Februuary 8. These figures show that in England and Wales there, are seven-teen bishops, including the " Vicar Apos-tolic" of Wales, and in Scotland seven more; the total of priests in Great Britain is 3,014, and they serve 1,790 churoLes, chapels, and missions. Besides these, there are resident in England one archbishop, and two bishops of titular sees (in parlibus). The Catholic faith is professed by 41 peers of England, Scotland, and Ireland, by 53 baronets, by 15 privy councillors, by 3 English .and 67 Irish members of Parliament. The estimated Catholic population of the United Kingdom is nearly five millions and a halfŠnamely, England and Wales, 1,500,000; Scotland, 365,000; Ireland (according to the census of 1891), 3,550,000. Inclusive of British North America, Australia, India, 'and British col-onies and other possessions, the total Catholic population of the British Empire is estimated at about ten millions and a quarter. The increase in Scotland is strongly marked. In the chief Scotch city, Glasgow, in the early part of the century, a Catholic church was unknown. Now there are about twenty church edifices, so me of which, for size and architectural beauty, will compare with any church in the city. In Europe and America Roman Catholicism is surely regaining the ground once held by Protestants. THE "ARENA" FOR MARCH. THE March number of the Arena is of ex-ceptional value. Among the articles deserving special mention are " Mexico in Midwinter," by Justice Walter Clark, LL.D. ; " The Bond and the Dollar," by John Clark Ridpath, LL. D. ; and " Why the South Wants Free Coinage," by Senator Marion Butler. One does not need to agree with the views of the 