'If any man hear my wards; and believe not I judge kin norŠJesus Christ: VOLUME 15. CHICAGO, MAY 10, 1900. NUMBER j-it: THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY (Continuing American Sentinel) Gen evalegnf erence Put Bulletin g rborn Street, Chicago, Illinois, by the INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION Subscription. price, $1.00 L. A. SMITH, 0. P. I301.14NI.A.1`3, I Editors Enforced idleness is not liberty, but bondage. tts Every self-appointed trustee of God is an embezzler of the rights of men. A A Religious despotism binds him who exercises it no less than him who is its victim. A A The denial of religious liberty to one is a threat against the religious liberty of all. A A Conscience being itself a law of moral conduct for the individual, given him by the Creator, cannot be amenable to any law of man. A A Liberty cannot degenerate into license when it is enjoyed equally by all, since license for one must inter-fere with liberty for some other. A A There is no more justice in a law compelling a man to be idle, than in a law compelling him to work. The right to rest and the right to work are equal. The Sentinel of Liberty. With the issue of this paper a new period is reached in the publication of the journal heretofore known as the American Sentinel. The change that has now come, like others that have preceded it, is in the direc-tion of increasing its efficiency in the cause to which it has been dedicated. From the very nature of the work it has under-taken, such changes have from time to time been necessary.- The American Sentinel was establislied to defend the rights of the people of this country in view of the rise of a religio-political movement by which those rights were threatened. That movement began in the formation at Xenia, Ohio, in 1863, of the National Reform Association, with the purpose of overthrowing the structure of American republican government, and establishing in its place a theocracy, or political rule by the church. Slowly, but surely the leaven of this movement permeated religious and polit-ical circles until some action was imperatively de-manded to call public attention to the threatening evil and resist its further advance. It was this necessity which called into being the American Sentinel, and as the movement it opposes has increased in power and extent, it has been necessary to increase the facilities of the Sentinel to meet the demands of the situation. The American Sentinel was first published in Oak-land, Cal., January 1, 1886, as an eight-page monthly. January 3o, 1889, it was changed to a weekly, the size of the paper remaining the same as before. In De-cember, 1889, the Sentinel was removed to New York City, the first number appearing there January 2, 1890. In 1897 it was changed from an eight-page paper to one of sixteen somewhat smaller pages, in which form it has continued to the present time. Meanwhile the movement which began with the formation of the National Reform Association has spread and enlisted in its baneful work numerous other organizations larger and more influential than the first. The American Sabbath Union, the W. C. T. U., the 