AMERICAN SENTINEL. 667 Militarism and Public Morals. "Scribner's Magazine." THE degradation of character due to militarism takes many forms. There is the vicious ethics of war carried into social and industrial life. The deceit and fraud, more common in militant countries than in paci-fic, are evils that women must endure with men. There are the callousness and cruelty of war, from which they suffer far more than men. There is, finally, the moral laxity of war. The full story of the sufferings of women from this cause cannot be written. The standing armies of Europe spread a poison that penetrates the remotest corner of the social fabric. No class escapes it. The gallantry of officers is notorious. Not less so are their mercenary marriages. Among the rank and file occur those illegitimate unions common to every garrison town. Among the toilers the same evil prevails. Mili-tarism acts directly and indirectly to make them unwill-ing to assume the responsibilities of marriage. How serious this evil has become may be gathered from the report of Dr. Hirscherberg, of Berlin. In that city alone in 1897 8,000 victims of these Arbeiter-Ehen, as they are called, who had been deserted by their companions, appealed for public relief. In 1895 the number reached 12,000. But Berlin is not the only capital thronging with these unfortunates. They crowd the dark corners of the cities of all the militant countries of Europe. The Reality and the Ideal. Im is perfectly consistent that the United States, having reached the point of progress(?) where it denies to dark-skinned people both at home and abroad the privilege of self-government, should find itself bound by unwonted ties to the empire of Great Britain. For of that empire's attitude toward the like races of mankind it is truthfully said:Š "In the Transvaal difficulty the British profess that they will establish 'equal rights for all white men in South Africa.' Sometimes the phrase varies, and it reads, 'equality between white races in South Africa,' but however expressed, there is always used in it the word 'white.' The word is used intentionally, and it means that the British have not the slightest intention of granting political rights to colored men in South Africa. 'Equality' in that region is to be for a limited crassŠalways and necessarily white in color of skin." "The American ideal," to quote further from the same authority, "is far higher and is embodied in the Fifteenth Amendment, to the effect that the rights of the citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or any State on account of race, color, or previous condition of servi-tude.' That this amendment is not enforced as it ought  to be makes no difference; it has been written into the Constitution, and will there remain as an American ideal, no matter who may be false to it." How to Change a Bad Law. [Tms question, which engages so much attention here among promoters of reforms in political and social life, is ably discussed and clearly answered in Present Truth, of London, Eng., as follows:Š] BY a bad law we do not mean a law that some peo-ple do not like, but a law that requires something that is wrong. Many people dislike that which is good; and human nature is ever inclined to make itself the stand-ard of goodness, and to say that whatever is opposed to its desires is bad; but our tastes and inclinations are not to be taken into account at all; there is one stand-ard of right, and that is the law of GodŠGod's own life. Whatever is contrary to God's WordŠthe word of lifeŠis bad, and should be shunned as one would shun the plague. To obey a bad law is identical with breaking a good law. Now there are laws that are bad. They are found to a greater or less extent in every nation. Such are the laws that are directly opposed to the law of God, al-though they may be in harmony with the sentiments of the majority of the people. In every nation there are also to be found men who are sorely distressed over the existence of such laws, and who exert themselves in va-rious ways to have them repealed. This opposition usually takes the form of political agitation, of the same nature as that by which the laws were enacted, some-times going even to the extent of armed rebellion and revolution. In some instances the opposition is appar-ently successful, but in most it is an open failure, and in no case is the success real and lasting. At the present time in this country the burning ques-tion is that of ritualism in the church. Inasmuch as the Established Church is in reality a state institution, so long as it remains an established church, dissenters as a rule feel that they have as much interest in the contro-versy as have churchmen. Accordingly both Protestant and Catholic journals discuss the question freely, but there is a great difference of opinion among anti-ritual-ists as to how the swelling flood of sacerdotalism in the church is to be checked. In the Contemporary Review, Dr. Guinness Rogers has an article on "The Archbishops and the Ritualists," in which he says, "I do not believe in coercive legisla-tion, even in the interests of Protestantism." To this statement the Methodist Times takes exception. It should be stated that Dr. Rogers declares that "we shall resist all efforts to Romanize the establishmentŠthat is, we shall do our utmost to prevent the present com-promise from being altered in a sacerdotal direction. Whereupon the Methodist Times responds thus:Š 