AMERICAN SENTINEL_ , 699 Humbug ! "The Truth, Seeker," New York. "WHENEVER Sabbath-breaking is punished, it is on the ground that Sunday is a day of rest established by the stateŠnot by the churchŠand that its violation in-terferes with their day of rest by other citizens."ŠNews and Courier, Charleston, S. C. The statement is absurd.. In ninety-nine cases out of one hundred where arrests are made for violation of the Sunday law there has been no disturbance of any citizen's rest. The rest theory is a pretext for enforcing a law of the church by the machinery of the state. It disturbs no person's rest when a man plows in his field, or sells goods in his store, or goes hunting in the woods, or offers fruit or gimcracks for sale upon the street. . . . A law designed to promote rest would prohibit work and the running of machinery at night, not on Sundays. IN a circular which Archbishop Corrigan, the leading Catholic prelate in New York, caused to be read in all the Catholic churches on October 17, he says:Š "The signs of the times show danger signals in the fast rising flood of socialism and anarchy, and thinking men the world over find the greatest bulwark against these dangers in the conservative principles and doctrines of the Catholic Church." Was it a mere coincidence that this circular was read a few days previous to election, one of the tickets in the field being in support of what are considered as socialist ideas Hardly, we think, notwithstanding the oft-given assurance from the spokesmen of Rome that "the church" never has anything to do with politics. Perhaps the archbishop thought that this reading of his circular would have a suspicious appearance of being a political "deal," for it was put forth ostensibly as a reply to docu-ments which it avers have been lately circulated teaching opposition to "politico-ecclesiasticism," but which it has been ascertained were never heard of by the people before. THE Rev. Thomas A. Hoyt, a Philadelphia pastor, on a recent Sunday preached to his congregation on the subject of Sunday desecration, and among other things (as reported in the Philadelphia Times) said:Š "If we ask ourselves if we regard this day with true reverence, will we find ourselves guiltless? Will we not find, perhaps, that we have fallen into a loose way of considering it, when Holy' Scripture tells us that we should consecrate the entire dayto God? Let us consider this carefully, remembering the promise of the Redeemer: `If you keep this day holy, I will cause you to ride on the high places of the earth.' " But what use would there be in making amends as regards the loose way of observing the day, while being so loose as regards the day itself? When one is so "loose" in observing the Sabbath commandment as not even to- get hold of the right day to be observed, he is  only wasting time and effort in considering remedies to be applied to the manner of its observance. 08. DR. P. S. HENSON, of Chicago, a prominent clergyman and zealous advocate of Sunday laws, is quoted as hav-ing recently said, in justification of a series of sermons he was to preach on the ten commandments:Š "It is time that Sinai be heard from again. We have urgent need to day to consider the foundation of law, or religion, if you please. There is contempt of law all over the land. The records show an alarming and unprece-dented increase of crime all over the land." Yes; it is indeed time that the world hear again from Mt. Sinai, and nothing shows the necessity for this more than the fact that men like Dr. Henson, who stand as the instructors of the people in religious truth, teach and practice squarely contrary to the law spoken from Sinai in the vitally important matter of observing the Sab-bath. For that law says, "The seventh day is the Sab-bath of the Lord thy God; in it thou shalt not do any work." But the first day, and not the seventh, is the one which receives almost universal homage as the day of rest. When lawlessness is taught from the pulpit, it is small wonder that it is practiced in the streets. 4.  4 -4 IT has been painfully amusing to witness the tenacity with which the various candidates in the city election just held here grasped at "straws" in the hope of strength-ening their chances of election. One of these was the offi-cial announcement by one of the leading " reformer" can-didates that the people of the city, in case of his election, would be treated to a "liberal Sunday." This was a bid for the foreign element who have in some instances ra-ther lax ideas in regard to Sunday observance. •-Ł 44 IN the due course of events we seem to have reached the time when itŁis again in order to announce the dis-covery of an "authentic" document of supreme historic interest; and accordingly we are informed that there has just been found, in the famous library of the Vatican, the "longŁlost report" of Pontius Pilate covering the events relating to the crucifixion, and from which it appears that if Pilate had only secured some much-needed rein-forcements one day sooner than he did, the crucifixion would not have happened. It is a very interesting docu-ment, beyond a doubt; but perhaps the Vatican would be willing to part with it for a sufficient cash considera-tion. 1. Ł -4-.4 TOMMY.ŠPapa, what is England and France and those nations goin' to do with all the armies and guns and ships they are gettin', that you read about in the paper this morning? PAPA.ŠWhy, my boy, they are getting ready to give the great Christian "concert of Europe." 