and exact Justice to all Men, of Whatever state or Persuasion, Feligious or 'Political." VOLUME 8. NEW YORK, AUGUST 17, 1893. NUMBER 33. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. EDITOR, - - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN.1 WILLIAM H. MC KEN. LAST week, from a number of consider-ations of Scripture, we found that the Sabbath question is not a question merely of days as such : not a question merely as to whether we shall have one day or another. But it is a question as to whether we shall worship the one true God, or another; and whether we shall have him the one true Saviour, or another. It is a question as to whether we shall honor the one true Creator and have him for our Sanctifier, or another. AND this, because the Sabbath of the Lord which he made, the seventh day which he appointedŠthis, the Lord has declared to be a sign between him and men that they might know that he is the Lord our God; and a sign by which they might know that he sanctifies us. This being the sign that he is the Lord, the true God, the Creator, and he being also the Saviour, it is also the sign by which men may know him as Saviour. The Sabbath of the Lord being the sign that men may know that he is God, and as no man can know him except in Jesus Christ, it is, when hallowed, the sign of what Jesus Christ is to men. IT is by the power of God manifested in and through Jesus Christ alone, and by his Holy Spirit, that salvation is wrought. And this to every one that believeth. Therefore, " I am not ashamed of the gospel of Christ, for it is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth." Rom. 1 : 16. " Neither is there salvation in any other." Acts 4:12. "There is no God else beside me; a just God and a Saviour; there is none beside me. Look unto me, and be ye saved, all the ends of the earth: for I am God and there is none else." Isa. 45 : 21, 22. " And no man knoweth the Father, save the Son, and he to whomsoever the Son will reveal him." Matt. 11: 27. " Hallow my Sab- baths ; and they shall be a sign between me and you, that you may know that I am the Lord your God." And " I gave them my Sabbaths, to be a sign between me and them, that they might know that am the Lord that sanctify them." Eze. 20 : 20, 12. This is the meaning of the Sabbath of the Lord, as he made it and as he gave it. BUT in the scriptures of the prophets, it is told that there would arise another power, putting itself above God and in the place of Jesus Christ, as the Com-mander and Saviour of men. Thus it is written : " That day [the day of the Lord's coming] shall not come except there come a falling away first, and that man of sin be revealed, the son of perdi-tion ; who opposeth and exalteth himself above all that is called God, or that is worshiped; so that he as God sitteth in the temple [the place of worship] of God, showing himself that he is God. Remem-ber ye not that when I was yet with you I told you these things ?" 2 Thess. 2:3-5. This is in the letter addressed to the Thes-salonians. When Paul was at Thessalo-nica, he had told them these same things. Now, of his visit to Thessalonica we read, " When they had passed through Amphipolis and Appollonia, they came to Thessalonica where was a synagogue of the Jews : and Paul, as his manner was, went in unto them and three Sabbath days reasoned with them out of the Scriptures. . . . And some of them believed, and consorted with Paul and Silas; and of the devout Greeks a great multitude, and of the chief women not a few." Acts 17 :1-4. REASONING with them out of the Scrip-tures he told them of the apostasy and of the development and exaltation of this man of sin above God, putting himself in the place of worship of God, showing himself that he is God. Now, the only Scriptures that they then had, and out of which he taught them, were what are now the Old Testament Scriptures. Where then in these Scriptures did he find this teaching concerning one who would set himself in opposition to God and above God ? Read this : " Through his policy also, he shall cause craft to prosper in his hand; and la) shall magnify himself in  his heart, and by peace shall destroy many : he shall also stand up against the Prince of princes." " Yea, he magnified himself even to [even againstŠmargin] the Prince of the host." Dan. 8 : 25, 11. By comparing the phrase " stand up," in this verse, with the same phrase in verse 23, and Dan. 11: 2, 3, 4, 7, it will be plain to all that in this verse " stand up " sig-nifies " to reign," as a king. It is seen, therefore, that there would appear in the world a power opposed to Christ, reigning in his stead, putting himself in his place, and even above God, showing himself off as God. Now, everybody knows that there has appeared, and that there still continues, in the world, just such a power as is here described. It is the Papacy. Everybody knows that the head and the embodiment of this power, calls himself before all the world, " Vicar of Jesus Christ." A vicar is a substitute. He therefore poses as the substitute of Jesus Christ. While Christ is absent from the world he is his substitute to rule it, and to save or des-troy it as his " infallible " will shall dictate. And as God is the Saviour and there is none else, and as this power puts itself in the place of God, and even above God, it follows in itself that this powerŠthe PapacyŠshould, of necessity, put it-self in the place Of God and Jesus Christ as the only way of salvation. Every one is obliged, under pain of eternal dam-nation, to become a member of the Catholic Church, to believe her doctrine, to use her means of grace, and to submit to her authority. Hence the Catholic Church is justly called the only saving Church. To despise her is the same as to despise Christ ; namely, his doc-trine, his means of grace, and his powers ; to separate from her is the same as to separate from Christ, and to forfeit eternal salvation. Therefore St. Augustine and the other bishops of Africa, pronounced, A.D. 412, at the Council of Zirta, this decision: " Whosoever is separated from the Catholic Church, however commendable in his own opinion his life may be, he shall, for this very reason, that he is at the same time separated from the unity of Christ, not see life, but the wrath of God abideth on him."ŠDe Harbe's, Full Catechism of the Catholic Religion ; Imprimatur, N. Card Wiseman ; Imprimatur, John, Card. McCloskey, Catholic Publication Society Co., 9 Barclay Street, New York, 1883; p. 145. Italics as in the book. God in Jesus Christ being the only Saviour; his power being the only power 