THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 63 of the two in the end proved to be the worse. The church, like a persecuted slave, first set free and then wedded to a self-willed lord, was delivered from the heavy hands of an impe-rial pontifex maximus only to be placed into the strong hands of an imperial swaanus epi$copus Šthere to remain for many long and weary days. Ł Its new lord and lords, while they slowly and surely assumed control of the church, -first tolerated but soon took it upon them-selves wholly to drive out and destroy such of its enemies as were left. By imperial decree the temples of the gods were plundered and closed, destroyed, or re-opened for Christian worship ; pagan sacrifices were forbidden un-der penalty of death ; the property of the disobedient was confiscated, while they them-selves were sent into banishment, apostasy and return to the old superstition were branded officially as crimes and high treason, a pre-mium was put upon connection with the church, and many civil advantages were con-nected with offices ecclesiastic. Too well did the husband protect the newly-acquired wife; lavishly did he provide for her -wants, and zealously did he indulge her reasonable de-sires and her whims as wellŠso great was the ardor of first love. Meanwhile, as the wife sometimes obtains the mastery over the husband, so here. At first their relation assumed the character of a Caesarlo-papia, then followed the Papo-caesario. First the "State presumed to dictate to the church; but gradually the latter asserted its rights not only but it began to dictate to the State. In the East, to be sure, the sovereign lords of State generally maintained their dig-nity, that is, they continued to toy with the church pretty much as they pleased; and a lu-crative employment they found it to be, goodly sums being paid them quite frequently for the office of a bishop, and for like favors. But in the West affairs assumed an entirely different phase. Here slowly and wearily; but steadily and surely, the Papal hierarchy established itselrŠthat monster prolific of a thousand woes to the States and churches of the world, even to this day. Alas, how the once pure and lovely bride had degenerated! Espoused to one husband after another, and these devoted to politics, to intrigue, and to the waging of wars, why mar-vel that she herself forgot both her station and mission, that her virgin graces and peace-ful habits gave place to Amazonian passions and outrageous excesses. Then was the word of God bound, lest the people, should be un-deceived; and in its stead was set up the ignis-fatuus 9f uncertain tradition. The entire fab-ric of the church was gradually reconstructed from top to bottom. Even the Old Founda-tion, elect and precious, was rejected. Yet not altogether - rejected. In view of past ser-vide and 'of probable present -usefulness., the venerable Corner-stone was not wholly left out of the Pew structure; fitted and -framed anew, it was fixed in a place, high and dry, like a trader's sign, and for no. beAer purpbee.ŠState, aurchi  and School, Sunday Prohibition. THE report of the " Committee on the Sab-bath," at the late Reformed Presbyterian Synod, says :Š "Sunday saloons rob the working classes of their week's pay, and turn the working-man's home into a very hell." Indeed ! It is the Sunday saloon that robs. people It is the Sunday saloon that turns people's homes into a hell I What a wicked thing that Sunday saloon is ! Annihilate it by all means before next Sunday comes, so that the working classes may be perfectly secure in their money, and the workingmen's home may be made happy. But by all means let the dear, good, honest, week-day saloon, that makes gentle the brutish husband, that makes kind the cruel father, that protects the promising-youth, that turns the workingman's home into a paradiseŠlet it remain, and touch it not, for a blessing is in it. Robbery and hell are found alone in the Sunday saloon. But what makes the Sunday saloon so in-tensely. bad that it must be denounced more than any other saloon? Any saloon at all is an unmitigated curse. Then why condone it on week-days by condemning it only on Sun-day? If the Sunday saloon can be abolished, why cannot all be abolished? There is quite a large class of people who, realizing that the sale of intoxicants cannot yet be absolutely prohibited, propose to cut off as many saloons as possible by high license. This the Prohi-bitionists denominate "a covenant with death and an agreement with hell." Very well. Then these same Prohibitionists will loudly denounce the Sunday saloon and demand laws that shall close the saloons on Sunday but let them run full blast all 'the rest of the week. What is that then but Ł " a covenant with death and an agreement with hell," just as much as is the other? The high license folks say, " If we can't yet abolish all, we will abol-ish all we can." This the Prohibitionists de-nounce in unmeasured terms, and then say the same thing, only in other words. We wish the Prohibitionists would stick to their text, and not so stultify themselves. Prohi-bition absolute, everywhere, all the time, and forever, say we: BIBLEŠREADINGS. IN TWO NUMBERS EMBRACING A PORTION OF THE BIBLE COURSE AT HEALDSBURG COLLEGE. BY ELD. E. J. WAGGONER. THESE Readings were prepared especially for the use of col-porters and those who intend to conduct Bible-readings in missionary fields, and they present a connected chain of argu-ment upon the fundamental doctrines of Present Truth. NUMBER ONE contains 57 pages, embracing sixteen readings, as follows:Š ' No. Ques. The. Law of God, No. 4 . 32 " 5 31 Ephesians 2:15  26 Romans 6 ; 14  23 Romans 10;4  17 Galatians 3:13  .. 19 Romans 3 :20  10 Tithing  99 NUMBER Two contains 46 pages, embracing twenty-two read-ings, as follows:Š No. Ques. No. Ques. The Sabbath, No. 1 51 2 Corinthians 5 : 8. ......18 2 49 Luke 28:39-43-16 " 3... 42 1 Peter. 3:18-20 10 Colossians 2 ; 14-17 19 Luke 16:19-3i 37 Psalms 118:24 13 Living Souls 14 Penalty of Transgression....10 Nature of Man.. . . .. 18 Sanctification 43 Punishment of the Wicked..70 Second Cdming of Christ 64 Work of the Spirit, No. 1Š.47 The Resurrection  59 " 2....51 Immortality ... . ....... 18 Church Membership 61 Phllipaptans 1:23  5 Missionary Labor.. .........52 for the Two, 50 Cents. 04431' FACIFIC PRESS, Oakland, Cal. THE GREAT CONTROVERSY BETWEEN CHRIST AND SATAN DURING THE CHRISTIAN DISPENSATION. BY MRS. E. G. WHITE. Author of "The Life of Christ," "Sketches from, the Life of Red," "Bible Sanctification," and Other Popular Works. THIS volume presents the most wonderful and intensely in-teresting history that has ever been written of the great con-flict between Christianity and the Powers of Darkness, as illustrated in the lives of Christian martyrs and reformers on the one hand, and wicked men and persecuting powers on the other. Beginning with our Lord's great prophecy given while viewing Jerusalem from the Mount of Olives, this book outlines the history of the whole dispensation down to the time when-"Sin and sinners are no more; God's entire universe is clean; and the great controversy is forever ended." Below we give a brief synopsis of the subjects consideredŠDestruction of Jerusalem; Persecutions in the First Centuries; The Roman Church; The Waldenses; Early Reformers; Lu-ther's Separation from Rome; Luther before the Diet; Progress of the Reformation; Protest of the Princes; Later Reformers; The Two Witnesses; God Honors the Humble; William Miller and His Work; The First, Second, and Third Angels' Messages; The Tarrying Time; The Midnight Cry; The Sanctuary and 2300 Days; An Open and a Shut Door; Modern Revivals; The Investigative Judgment; Origin of Evil; Enmity between Man and Satan; Agency of Evil Spirits; The Snares of Satan; The First Great Deception; Ancient and Modern Spiritualism; Character and Aims of the Papacy; The Coming Conflict; The Scriptures a Safeguard; The Loud Cry of Rev. 18; The Time of Trouble; God's People Delivered; Desolation of the Earth; The Controyersy Ended. The period of history covered by this volume, is one of the deepest interest to all classes of readers. The style of the author is clear, forcible, and often sublime, and, although sim-ple enough in its statements to be understood and appreciated by a child, its eloquence calls forth the admiration of all. The demand for this popular book is so great that we have had to print eight editions of it, and as we have hundreds of agents in the field canvassing we expect to sell many thousand copies of this valuable book during the next few months. If there is no agent in your town please send us your address and we will send you descriptive circulars or have an agent call upon you. The "Great Controversy" contains over 500 pages; 21 full page Illustrations and Steel Portrait of the Author; printed and bound in the very best style. Active Agents Wanted in _Every Town and County in the United States. For Terms and Territory, Address, PACIFIC PRESS, Publishers, 12th and Castro Streets, Oakland, Cal. THE SABBATH QUESTION IS THE 1,EADING SUBJECT OF THE DAY. THE GR'EA'T DEMAND OP THE HOUR, PROM THE PULPIT AND THE PRESS, IN SOCIAL CIRCLES AND IN LEGISLATIVE HALLS, IS That the Sabbath be more strictly observed. To assist the in-telligent-minded of our land to have correct viewsof this im-portant question, a book has been prepared which thoroughly discusses the Sabbatic institution in every conceivable phase. Such is the valuable work entitled " History of the Sabbath aod the First Day of the Week." BY ELD. J. N. ANDREWS. This great and exhaustive work is the result of ten years' hard labor and historical research. The book contains 548 12mo pages, and is printed in clear type, on good paper, and is well bound. Price, post-paid, $2.00. Address, PACIFIC PRESS, Oakland, Cal. HEALDSBURG COLLEGE, HEALDSBURG, CAL. A 1VIODEL EDUGATIONAL INSTITUTION; ESTABLISHED IN 1662. FIVE YEARS OF GREAT PROSPERITY BECAUSE FOUNDED ON SOUND PRINCIPLES. LABOR COMBINED WITH STUDY. FOUR courses of instruction, classical, scientific, biblical, and normal ; also preparatory instruction given in a primary and a grammar course. Instruction thorough and practical, not only in the collegi-ate courses but especially so in the preparatory courses. Discipline rigid, yet parental, combined with strong moral and religious influences. Expenses moderate. The whole cost to the student for tui-tion, board, lodging, lights, washing,Šall expenses except for books and clothes, from $16 to $22 per month of four weeks. Fall term begins July 26, 1887. For descriptive catalogue and further information, address the secretary, W. C. GRAINGER, Hcaldsburg, Cal. THE MINISTRATION OF ANGELS. ALSO giving an exposition of the origin, history, and destiny of Satan; containing 144 pages. Price, 20 cents. Addresst PACIFIC PRESS, Oakland, co, No. Ques. Daniel 2 ' 93 Daniel 7    93 Daniel 8  60 Daniel 0  04 The Sanctuary 179 The Law of God, No. 1  30 " 2  31 