Equal and exact justice to all men, of vihatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas 7efferson. VOLUME 4. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, JULY 3, 1889. NUMBER 23. e112e AnePicar2 Se0Nel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORE* 18 POST ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.; 12TH & CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. EDITORS, E. J. WAGGONER, ALONZO T. JONES. IF the National Reform party expects to suc-ceed in its overtures for Roman Catholic coalition it will have to muzzle its Christian Cynosure ally. That journal persists in pouring hot shot into the Catholic ranks, while its fellow reform schem-ers are confessedly convinced that " the time has come to make repeated advances" toward Rome, and "gladly to accept co-operation in any form in which they. [the Catholics] may be willing to exhibit it." THE Missouri National Reform Convention, recently held at Sedalia, did not come up to the expectations of its friends in point of attendance. We are told by one who was present that a pro-gram had been circulated extensively throughout the State, announcing several leading ministers of- the State to deliver addresses before the con-vention, only about one-half of whom were pres-ent. Arrangements had been made to hold the evening sessions in three churches in the city, but the Cumberland Presbyterian Church proved ample for the accommodation of the whole. Ł Ł  IN a recent debate in Parliament on a bill to disestablish the State Church in Wales, and thus no longer compel people to support churches and church service in which they do not believe, one of the speakers said :Š " Religion needs the force of law to compel people to, believe and obey. In America people are running wild for want of it." All we can say.on this is that it must be a poor kind of religion which can command at-tention and obedience only through the "force of law." How much real piety would there be in such obedience as this ?ŠNone whatever. Who would be glorified by it ?ŠNot God surely, for he desires willing service. Any other kind is not acceptable to him. Possibly those zealots who voted down the bill above referred to thought they were conferring .honor upon God by enforcing so-called religion upon the people, but we doubt it. All such work as this is done by men for the pur-pose of honoring and glorifying themselves more than anything else. And we would remark in regard to people running wild in America for want of such religion as this, the National Re-formers seem to be almost"running wild to get  such religion as this recognized by our Govern-ment, but this is all the " wildness " we have noticed in this direction. And we hope it will be a long time before good citizens will become so forgetful of the principles of true government as to join hands with them. Editor Shepard and the Baptist Clergymen. ON the 22d of April, Mr. Shepard, editor of the New York Mail and Express, and president of the American Sabbath Union, addressed the Baptist Ministerial Association of Philadelphia upon the subject of "The Observance of the Sab-bath." The Philadelphia Bulletin of that date gives a brief notice of his address, from which we clip the following :Š " He spoke without notes, and began by saying that it was owing to his Baptist grandmother that he was not known as Jack Shepard, and that when he goes to the city of brotherly love he always remembers that his mother is a Quaker; and continuing said it would be affectation to think that he could say any-thing new to an assembly of Baptist clergymen. The blessing in the book of Genesis is not for a seventh day but for the Sabbath. We should take the spirit of the commandment, and take one-seventh part of time and devote it to God. As the majority of Chris-tians have taken the first day of the week it is better that we too should observe it." It would indeed seem to be affectation for Mr. Shepard to think he could instruct an assembly of Baptist clergymen. On first thought we should call it presumption, or great self-conceit; but in-asmuch as the Baptist clergymen listened quietly to his instruction, doubtless they thought it profit-able. Whether it was presumption or not, it is certainly strange that an editor of a secular news-paper should be able to instruct a party of Bap-tist clergymen in theology. It either speaks a great deal for the editor or very little for the clergymen. When we read his statement that the blessing in the book of Genesis is not fbr the seventh day, but for the Sabbath, we are fully assured that even if he could not say anything new to the as-sembly of Baptist clergymen, he could say some-thing that was not true. Doubtless Mr. Shepard has read in the book of Genesis the account of the blessing to which he referred. If he had, then he must have known that what he said was not true. We will quote it: "And God blessed the seventh day, and sanctified it; because that in it he had rested from all his work which God created and made." Gen. 2: 3. Mr. Shepard says that the blessing was not for the seventh day. The Scripture says that the blessing was for the seventh day. Moreover, the pronouns in the verse refer to the definite day, the seventh day, the day in which God rested. By no possible construc-tion could it be made to appear that this blessing is for the Sabbath institution and not for a defi- nite day. The preceding verse" says that God rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made. Now the day was not the Sabbath until God had rested, because Sabbath means rest. It was his resting on that day that made it a Sabbath. It was his blessing it and his hal-lowing it that made it the holy Sabbath. But it was the seventh day in which he rested ; and he blessed itŠthe seventh dayŠand sanctified itŠthe seventh dayŠbecause that in it he had rested. Will Mr. Shepard say that God did not rest on the seventh day, but only on the Sabbath ? He cannot without denying the plainest declaration of Scripture ; but the statement that God rested on the seventh day is no plainer than the state-ment that he blessed that day. Mr. Shepard says that we should take the spirit of the commandment, and take one-seventh part of time and devote it to God. Now it is susceptible of the clearest proof that the spirit of the commandment, as well as the letter, has no reference to simply one-seventh part of time, but to a definite seventh day. But we will let that pass, and take Mr. Shepard's version of the com-mandment, namely, that it requires one-seventh part of time, leaving the specific day to the choice of the individual. In a speech made by'  Mr. Shepard at the National Sunday Convention, last December, he implied that they intended to re-enact the fourth commandment. In speeches since that time, and in articles, he and other leaders in the Sunday-law movement have claimed that they wanted the law in harmony with the fourth commandment. Now if he really believes that the spirit of the commandment requires sim-ply one-seventh part of man's time, and does not specify the particular day, why does he labor so zealously for a law to compel people to keep one particular day of the weekŠthe first day? Does he not by his own statement convict himself of laboring for something that is contrary to the Bible ?ŠHe certainly does. He claims that he wants this Government to be Christian, to be in harmony with the Bible; and yet he is laboring to have it pass laws which are directly contrary to what lie himself says the Bible teaches. We should be glad to see how he can absolve himself from the charge of gross inconsistency. Seventh-day Baptists and Seventh-day Advent-ists claim that the fourth commandment is very definite, and that by it the Lord requires the ob-servance of the seventh day of the week, and no other. Mr. Shepard and many of his under-shep-herds deny this. They cannot make the claim for Sunday that seventh-day people do for Satur-day, because they well know that the fourth com-mandment makes no reference whatever to the first day of the week. In order, however, to make it appear that they comply with the fourth commandment, they adopt the theory that it calls 