AMERICAN SENTINEL. 719 in the world had been made by the humble and the lowly who have always had to push onward and break the crust that is being continually formed by those who are at the top who are satisfied, and therefore want no change. He hoped that progress would, continue until every unjust law would be abolished; when every law would be based upon the great principle, "Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself." Only then could there be perfect liberty. Far-Seeing Leo. A NEW YORK paper of October 27, announces the ap-pointment, by the pope, of Archbishop Chapelle, of New Orleans, as Apostolic Delegate to Cuba and Porto Rico: also of the Philippines, in the event of those islands com-ing into the possession of the United States. It is said that the archbishop is a warm, personal friend of President McKinley, and "as the question of church and state is one of the most serious problems facing the government in the new territories, the impor-tance of Monsignor Chapelle's opinion, derived directly from the pope [italics ours] can hardly be exaggerated. That is so. The importance of such opinions, coming as they will, directly from the pope, cannot possibly be ex-aggerated. They bode no good for this country; al-though it is highly probable that those for whose benefit such opinions are to be formulated will not regard them in that light. He who has the least knowledge of the papacy knows perfectly well that the pope's first consideration is al-ways "the church." Whatever movement the pope makes, political or otherwise, is always for the good of "the church," that the Catholic religion may become a force in public as well as in private life. Thus in a speech a few years ago, to the pontifical household, among other things, he said, "It is of great importance that all work together to make religion a force in public as well as in private life. It is the duty of rulers to lend their support to religious creeds." And not a great while ago he charged the "faithful" that they should do all that lies in their power to the end that the nation should be molded after the papal idea of government. The pope's solicitude for the United States is well known. In 1892 (July 11), the New York Sun published a letter from the Vatican in which are found these words: "He [the pope] wants America to be powerful, in order that Europe may regain strength from borrowing a reju-venated type." Now that Porto Rico has come into the possession of the American Government, and the possibility of the same being true of Cuba and the Philippines, the ever watchful Leo, recognizing the serious religious problems the United States must face in dealing with these terri-tories, has promptly appointed a territorial "apostolic delegate," so that the President might get the benefit or  the pope's opinion upon this question. That an intimate friend of the President should be chosen to fill this office is perfectly natural. To do otherwise would be worse than useless. ks apostolic delegate, Archbishop Chapelle feels very confident that in these church and state problems he can help our Government. Thus he says: "As a thoroughly loyal American I may be able to help our Government in the work of reconstruction. The political and social wel-fare of the people of the islands will greatly depend upon proper reorganization. The United States will readily understand that its political and economical interests, as well as the honor of the country among nations, require that this work of reorganization sbould be carried out with justice and equity to all. My duty will be to look after the liberty of conscience and the protection of per-son and property." While much is expected to be gained from the close friendship existing between the President and the arch-bishop, there is danger of the papal scheme being recog-nized as such. The pope therefore must be made to ap-pear as in thorough harmony with the United States on the question of religious liberty. Later this will be made still more plain. C. H. K. DEAR reader, do you not think that the SENTINEL should have a wider circulation in your community? Are there not honest souls near you who need to know the things of Cmsar and the things of God? Think of it Šchildren suspended from the public schools in Ashland, Ore., because they will not violate principle nor surren-der conscience by saluting the flag; and men in Mary-land undergoing imprisonment because of their faithful-ness to God! Is it not time to arouse and set these things before the people? Note our special offer on last page, and see what YOU can do in your neighborhood. "IT is money that talks, these days;" but its talk is not of the most edifying character. P.1.41.4Ł4  IT is superfluous to inquire whether this or that re-ligious institution will be lost or preserved. The gospel concerns itself only with the question of the loss or sal-vation of souls. To the soul that is not lost, no divine institution will be lost; and to the soul that is lost, all divine institutions are of no benefit. WHEN the church boasts of her political strength, she proclaims her spiritual weakness. flo Ł 4 INTELLECTUAL conviction, not physical coercion, is the power upon which reliance must be put for the main-tenance of free government. 