CATARRH INHALER FREE:  Only one person in fifty cured by the old method of treating Catarrh, now everywhere condemned. The New Scientific Catarrh Inhaler of,Dr. Worst's mailed free to all Readers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL. CURES BY INHALATION Ł And is the latest, up-to-date method for curing Catarrh, Colds in Head, Bronchitis, Sore Throat, Headache, and is indorsed by all leading physicians. Air is the only agent fine enough to reach the air cells of the head and respiratory organs. It was the agent that carried the disease there, and must be the one to suc-cessfully remove it. Vapors, Sprays, and atomizers are all dangerous, and nature never intended them for the windpipe and instantly repels them. NATURE'S OWN REMEDY. It is the one remedy successfully treating these dis-eases with the'air we breathe, and the only one that has sufficient merit that any manufacturer ever had enough confidence in, to send to the public on trial, to be paid Łfor if satisfactory. THIS IS WHAT THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE SAY WHO USE IT. 782 AMERICAN SENTINEL. College View Sanitarium Bakery, College View, Neb. The prepared foods from this establishment have from the first taken rank with the VERY BEST MADE ANYWHERE, And any one who uses them once is ever afterward a patron. They are all prepared from the choicest selected grains, and the greatest care is exercised in securing the proper scientific combination of, all the ingredients entering into their composition. Among the leading foods are the following:Š Granola. Made from the best portions of wheat, oats, and corn, cooked ready for useŠexcellent for infants, invalids, and trave ers. Crackers. Graham, Oatmeal, and Fruit. Delicious, toothsome easily digested. None better. Pure Wheat 'Gluten. cliiynitrreczenanmouesna)eailt;30frwtrat, 7,s3p debilitated condition. ZWeibach (or toast). Specially prepared and will keep like crackers. Wafers Whole wheat, gluten, rye, oatmeal, and carbon. Just what dyspeptics and those with weak digestive organs are looking Ł for. Cereal Coffee: A  A. charming substitute for tea and coffee. De-licious and strictly healthful. Agents for the Sanitarium Health Food Co., and the Sanitas Food Co., Battle Creek, Mich. Sample package of foods 25 cents. Send for catalogue. Philadelphia, Pa., Sept. 30, 1897. Dr. Worst :Š" I find the Inhaler the greatest thing I ever used. I have had Hay-Fever for 10 yrs. and never had anything to give me such relief." MISS ERVIN, 1714 Cambridge St. Crown Point, N. Y., Nov. 16, 1897. Dr. E. J. Worst, Ashland, O. Dear Sir. Have given the Inhaler 3 days trial for a stubborn cough that has resisted all medical treatment heretofore. The beneficial effects of the Inhaler was almost instantaneous, relieving cough at once. I believe this little invention is a God-send to the afflicted. I will see what I can do, and write you a little later in regard to an agency. Please find enclosed $1.00. Very respectfully, B. F. BEVINS. Odessa, Mo.. Oct. 18, 1897. Dr. Worst. Dear Sir :Š" I will say that I have cured one case of Catarh with your Inhaler that was under the doctor's hands for four months. 1 have cured my own Catarrh in my head, and Rheuma-tism, and have not a pain or an ache in my body at this time. All who have used the Inhaler say it is the best medicine in the world for Catarrh. You will find an order for another dozen which please forward and oblige. W. C. DANNALSON. A. H. Booty, White Water, Bans., says : "I con-sider its value far above its cost." J. N. Burdette, Willard, W. Va., says: "I can hear my watch tick for the first time in 12 months." Isaac Miller, Clay City, Ind., writes : " Your Ca-tarrh Inhaler has cured me  sound and well." Chinkiang, China. July 17, 1897. Dr. Worst: Š" I have received the Inhaler and have used it for a month and is doing me good. lily case is Catarrh of long standing. I will remit in Amrican postage stamps through a friend in Amer-ica."Rev. A.-LYDENSTRICKER, Missionary. Sharpsburg, Md. "I have used one of Dr. Worst's Catarrh In-halers and received more good than from anything I ever used." JOHN .E. OTTO. Harrisburg, Pa. - The Inhaler received all 0. K. I have found nothing yet to equal your Inhaler. Enclosed find one dollar." WM. B. ORR. Robert Halford, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. says: " Can recommend it as the best I ever used." Mrs. Kate A. Wert, Winnebago, Minn. says : " Never had anything to do me so much good." BA r5A5c MARIC,REGISTEnEo. New Diuretic, it. tc Cereal. Endorsed by physicians in ca and irritable Digestive Organs, and Eidney Emollient, attractive, palatable. Unsurp whole range of cereals..  PAMPHLET MFLE FREE. Unrivalled In A Ask Dealers, or IW rite to Farwel Rh es. Ł atert. n. N. Y.,U.S.A. NUT BUTTER MILLS. Something new. Designed especial-ly for converting nuts into butter for table and culinary purposes. Valu-able recipes for the use of nuts. Shelled and unshelled nuts of all kindsŁ at reasonable prices. Send for de-, scriptive circular and price list. JOSEPH LAMBERT, Battle Creek, ruck. THE WHIRL of the CYCLONE CONTINUES. The people are looking for a perfect washing machine. It is found only in the Cyclone, and it is so easy to demonstrate the fact to intending purchasers that agents for it are reaping a rich harvest. Write for terms and territory to Coon Bros-, 18-2(8' Hanover St., Battle Creek, Mich. His Glorious Appearing. An Exposition of Matthew 24. REVISED, ENLARGED, AND ILLUSTRATED. Contains ninety-six pages, with twenty fuil-pago illustrations. The work takes up Christ's great proaihecy of his own second com-%ng, a the signs of the times are rig pointecl out in relation to that greatest of all events. JUST THE BOOK FOR THE TIMES. interesting, Timely, and instructive. Price, attractive board cover, .25. PAOIPIO PRESS PUBLIBEING 00., 89 Bond et., New York City. I have thousands of similar greetings on file in my office. Every one is delighted who receives the Inhaler, and can't say too much in its favor. Its immediate magical effects upon the mucous membrane and air passages of the head in allaying pain and all abnormal conditions, captivates every one, and all are feud in saying that its real value is far above its price. SPECIAL OFFERI will for a short time mail to any reader of THIS PAPER in) Ł new Scientific Catarrh Inhaler with medicine for one year, on three days' trial, free. If it gives satisfaction send, me $1.00, if not, return it. Send for it now, as this notice will not appear again. Address, 3=01=4.. M. .T. IDITCZUFILSIT, Dept. 47, .41.fsk3aore.cl, O. 