AMERICAN SENTINEL. 183 Ł horror from the spectacle. . . . Nor did the victims perish by a rapid and painless death, but by one which was carefully selected as among the most poignant that man can suffer. They were usually burnt alive, . . . not infrequently by a slow fire. They were burnt alive after their constancy had been tried by the most excru-ciating agonies that minds fertile in torture could devise." ŠRise and Influence of Rationalism in Europe, vol. 2, pp. 33, 34. All this for constancy in holding to God's word as it is. The foregoing extracts from decrees of councils and emperors show that a part of this persecution was for adhering to the Sabbath of the fourth commandment. This constituted one of the signs of heresy in the days of Rome's triumphs over the saints of God, when she wore them out in her frantic zeal to change the "times and laws" of the Most High. With the history of that church in sight, no one need ask how Sunday came to take the place of the original Sabbath. Plainly enough, it has been forced upon the world through persecutions of the most diabolical nature. What the influence of this pro-cedure has been upon Protestantism, will be considered in our next. .1. 0. C. Items of W, C. T. U. History. BY MRS. S. M. L HENRY. MY own awakening came through my Sunday-school work. I had a class of married women, among them one who was always raising perplexing questions. She had uncommon mental ability, was very earnest, but seemed utterly unable to comprehend, or unwilling to accept any teaching which bore on the practical character of Chris-tianity. She disclaimed skepticism, only wanted to know, "0, to know"! was her cry. "How can I know that God cares for me?" She attached herself to me, and our relations became like the intimacy of a hungry mouth, and the hand that was trying to feed it. She always walked home with me from Sunday-school, church and prayer-meeting, and whenever we met on the street would turn and walk with me to my destination, pouring the burning questions -that tormented her into my ears. I wondered at and -tried to solve her like a riddle, but she repelled any ques-tion from me. She was the one to question; I to answer. Ordinary conversation had no interest to her; nothing Łcounted between us but that by which her soul could be kept from despair. At last, however, her secret sorrow was opened to me. It was at the close of the Wednesday night prayer-meeting. She was absent. I was just leaving the church when one of the brethren detained me, saying, "Here is a man who wants to speak to you; it is Mr. Š, whose wife you know." It took but a glance at his maudlin condi-tion to reveal the shame, that was her sorrow, and to stir my heart as it had never been stirred by pity for an--other's woe. The crusade had begun; our eyes had been  opened to see and our hearts to feel the degradation of rum's ruin; and my consternation could not have been greater, at seeing it as I did in all its ghastliness as this man represented it before me. How my heart ached for her. I determined that now, difficult as I knew it would be, I would break, down the reserve between us. She should know that I knew, and then We would see about him. At the first opportunity I told her as gently as pos-sible that I had seen her husband and understood; and that I had been praying for her and him ever since. She looked at me with a stern set face, changing from crimson to white; then turning she was about to leave me as if in anger, but I detained her by my arms, and the tears that gushed from my eyes. She was too hungry for companionship to stand long, on her pride, against my sincere sympathy; and after a little struggle she sur-rendered, clasped me close, and we wept together. Then we prayed, or, I did; she could not yet. She had prayed so long, whi'e he had been going down and down; but as we knelt side by side she talked as she had never done before:Šshe told me of his early manhood; of the bril-liant prospects which he had thrown away; how that although he had come out of the war with the rank of colonel, the curse of drink had been over all his honors, until at last all was lost, nothing but ruin remained for her and her children. She groaned out her despair at the fact that her boy was following in his father's footsteps; and said bitterly, "Now that you understand, can you wonder at my questions? I could not bear to disbelieve, but how can I believe, when I have no hope? You cannot blame me." "No," I said, "but he must be saved." "That is impossible; I gave that up long ago," she replied. "But he must be," I insisted, "we will pray, you and I; and I know God hears; he always answers my prayers. Let us pray every day at three o'clock, and God will surely save him." "0," she moaned, "how can I? I have no faith left,Šnot a bit." "Yes, you have faith," I insisted, "or you could not live; we live by faith every hour. You certainly do be-lieve in something; you certainly believe that I care." "Indeed, I do," and her arm tightened about me. "I have a great deal of faith in you; I know you care, and I believe God hears you." "Well, then," I said, "you just hold on to me, and I will hold on to God." This contract was sealed there on our knees before God, with the most solemn tenderness, and kept. At 3 P. M. every day, I would lock the door of my little study, kneel and pray for that man, often with such a sense of personal need as I had seldom known. His degradation was so revolting it looked an impossible thing that I was asking; and yet I believed my prayers were heard, and would somehow be answered. But at last my faith began to grow weak. With every effort at prayer there 