AMERICAN SENTINEL. 427 The individual, as a force in social, political or economic concerns, is, apparently, no longer of much moment. "The Government conceived and administered by Jef-ferson was the antithesis of socialism. The Government administered by McKinley is as near a realization of state socialism as can be maintained without the making of radical changes in the organic law of the country. Gov-ernment fifty years ago in America was a mere instru-mehuality growing out of the necessity of delegating cer-tain duties which the individual could not discharge himself. Up to thirty years ago or so, the individual ran the Government. To-day the Government runs the individual. Then government was a mere necessary evil; to-day it is the individual, disassociated from his fellows, that represents the necessary evil. The Government ex-isted then for the convenience of the individual; to-day the individual exists for the convenience of the Govern-ment. "In the last analysis it is doubtful whether a more complete reversal of political theories could have been realized than has set in among the American people dur-ing the nineteenth century. We cannot close our eyes to it. It is but little more apparently than the precursor to changes even more radical in all the other relations of the individual toward society. How far the changes will go uncontested as they practically have been, or whether American society will ever find its way back to the moor-ings of individuals from which it has broken loose, are questions the solution of which is hidden in the secrets of the future. Thomas Jefferson declared that, in deter-mining the duration of American free government, all would depend on the construction placed on the provis-ions of our Constitution. With the opening of the new century the prediction assumes a greater significance than ever attached to it in our national history." The Golden Rule the Solution. "Signs of the Times." MR. EDWIN MARKHAM, the author of the much dis-cussed poem, "The Man with the Hoe," at the Howard M. E. Church, San Francisco, June 4, said:Š "I have been asked to say a few Words about 'The Man with the Hoe,' and my solution of that problem. I have no new solution. The problem is as old as human-ity. The men who built the pyramids struggled with that problem. The men who are building London are struggling with it to-day. I have but one solutionŠthat is the application of the Golden Rule. We have committed the Golden Rule to heart; now let us commit it to life. [Applause.] That is the only solution. "As to what steps should be taken, I cannot say. Various solutions are offered. The Republicans offer one solution, the Democrats another, the Socialists an-other, and the single-tax people have their solution. In my judgment it is wise for us all to consider all these questions, and try to find some way of enlarging the sphere of justice for all men. "I believe that the industrial question is a religious question. [Applause.] I believe that everything that has to do with the welfare of men, in politics, in indus-try, is religious at the bottom; that everything shows our  relation to one another and our relation to the Father of life. "I believe that Jesus of Nazareth is the Father, the Saviour of the human race. In his principles of justice, in his principles of brotherhood, we find the solution of these questions. Fraternity to me is the dearest of all words, and in that word is the hope of the human race." But- all these principles must be applied in Christ's way. The Golden Rule must be applied in the individual life before it can be applied in the collective life. It must be inwrought in the heart before it can be reduced to deeds. The Golden Rule is the solution, but its power must be the Spirit of God received by faith. Politics or human science is powerless. The United States and Cuba. SOME "STARTLING STATEMENTS:" SPAIN is out of Cuba, but Cuba is not yet free. The government of Cuba is not self-government; it is a military government, than which nothing further from self-government could ever be. The United States went into the island to proclaim freedom to the Cubans, and as yet the latter are inquiring, Where is our liberty? Will Cuba ever be free? Will the strong hand of American rule ever be relaxed from the island? This is a question, and an important one; and while the full answer remains to be given by the future, there are to be seen facts which suggest what that answer is likely to be. The North American Review for July prints an article in which some of these facts are set forth. The article, is by a high officer of the United States army of occupa-tion, and makes what are regarded as some "startling statements" about the occupation as regards its bearing on Cuban affairs and prospects. His aim is to urge an immediate evacuation of Cuba by the American forces, in order to secure annexation of Cuba without violating the pledge given the Cuban people and all the world; that is, by the consent of the Cuban people. The longer the occupation is maintained, he says, the greater is the irritation stirred up in the Cuban mind, and this sooner or later will lead to open revolt. The following quotations are from his statement of the conditions resulting from American intervention thus far:Š "There can be no doubt that the 'pacification' of the island is now accomplished. City for city, the towns of Cuba are more peaceful and orderly than those of the United States. There never was a more docile, quiet people. All the reports of 'bandits' are zealously for--warded to the United States, and half of them are lies." "In addition, as a result of our military occupation, capital finds the islands in a state of transition, the laws in a state of uncertainty. The ordinary opportunities for investment are absent, and so the plantations remain 