JUNE 18, 1896. A ME 'CAN '..EIN-'1I'lLNIML.4 197 istrate) would present himself before Mr. Baker's bondsmen some time within one week and arrange it satisfactorily with them. Magistrate to Mr. lIalcer.--" Costs are eighty-five cents." Mr. Baker.--"I will not pay costs, as I have done nothing wrong. Had I done any-thing wrong I would not refuse." Magistrate.--"I have been very lenient with you, but I may not be so in the future; but as you will pay no costs, I will give you my costs." And then without offering opportunity for defense, and without pronouncing the pris-oner guilty or innocent, without imposing any fine, holding him in bail or dismissing the court, the magistrate gathered up his effects and disappeared. Just what turn matters will take no one seems to know. I visited both the magistrate and and con-stable at their homes before the trial and talked with them of the matter, and am thoroughly convinced that before the case was heard they had determined to convict Mr. Baker. The magistrate is an " aldside" Methodist class leader, and the constable attends that church. Religious prejudice is at the root of the difficulty, but without a Sunday law in-tolerance would be powerless. A SIGNIFICANT DECISION. OUR readers are already familiar with the fact that a decision was handed down May 18 by the Supreme Court of the United States affirming the constitutionality of Section 4,578 of the Code of Georgia prohibiting the run-ning of freight trains in that State on Sunday, except under certain conditions and circum-stances. The " law " was assailed on the gound that it was in violation of the Constitution, which provides that Congress shall have power to regulate commerce between the States; but the majority of the court held that the said act was only "an ordinary police regulation designed to secure the well-being and promote the general welfare of the people within the State by which it was established, and, there-fore, not invalid by force alone of the Consti-tution of the United States." Like the Christian Nation Decision. Like the " Christian Nation " decision of February 29, 1892, this decision is more broad and far-reaching than was really re-quired by the question before the Court. Mr. Justice Harlan who delivered the opinion of the court, seems to have gone out of his way to lay broad and deep the foundation of Sunday " laws." Judging from this opinion, the power of the several States to enact and enforce Sunday " laws " is not regarded as open to question. Immediately after stating the facts in the case the learned Justice says:Š If the statute in question forbidding the running in Georgia of railroad freight trains, on the sabbath day, had been expressly limited to trains laden with do-mestic freight, it could not be regarded otherwise than as an ordinary police regulation established by the State under its general power to protect the health and morals, and to promote the welfare, of its people.* Policy of the State to Protect "the Sabbath." "From the earliest period in the history of Georgia," continues the opinion, " it has been the policy of that State, as it was the * All italics in these extracts are ours.ŠEn. SENTINEL. policy of many of the original States, to pro-hibit all persons, under penalties, from using the sabbath as a day for labor and for pur-suing their ordinary callings. By an act of the colonial legislature of Georgia, approved March 4th, 1762, it was provided: ' No tradesman, artificer, workman, laborer or other person whatsoever shall do or exercise any worldly labor, business or work of their ordinary callings, upon the Lord's day, or any part thereof (works of necessity or charity only excepted), and that every person being of the age of fifteen years or upwards, offend-ing in the premises, shall for every such of-fense, forfeit the sum of ten shillings. And that no person or persons whatsoever shall publicly cry, show forth, or expose to sale, any wares, merchandise, fruit, herbs, goods, or chattels whatsoever upon the Lord's day, or any part thereof, upon pain that every person so offending shall forfeit the same goods so cried or showed forth, or exposed to sale, or pay ten shillings.'" The "Law" Cited. The court then cites the act against the running of freight trains on Sunday, de-scribed in the act as " the sabbath day," and then continues:Š In what light is the statute of Georgia to be re- garded? The well-settled rule is, that if a statute purporting to have been enacted to protect the public health, the public morals or the public safety has no real or substantial relation to those objects, or is a palpable invasion of rights secured by the funda-mental law, it is the duty of the courts to so adjudge and thereby give effect to the constitution. Mugler v. Kansas, 123 U. S. 623, 661 ; Minnesota v. Barber, 136 U. S. 313, 320. In our opinion there is nothing in the legislation in question which suggests that it was enacted with the purpose to regulate interstate commerce, or with any other purpose than to prescribe a rule of civil duty for all who, on the sabbath day, are within the territorial jurisdiction, of the State. It is none the less a civil regulation because the day on which the running of freight trains is prohibited is kept by many under a sense of religious duty. The legislature having, as will not be disputed, power to enact laws to promote the order and to secure the comfort, happiness and health of the people, it was within its discretion to fix the day when all labor, within the limits of the State, works of necessity and charity excepted, should cease. . . . The legislature of Georgia no doubt acted upon the view that the keeping of one day in seven for rest and relaxation was "of admirable service to a State con-sidered merely as a civil institution." 4 Bl. Com,. 63. The same view was expressed by Mr. Justice Field in Ex parte Newman, 9 Cal. 502, 520, 529, when, refer-ring to a statute of California relating to the sabbath day, he said: "Its requirement is a cessation of labor. In its enactment, the legislature has given the sanc-tion of law to a rule of conduct, which the entire civ-ilized world recognizes as essential to the physical and moral well-being of society. Upon no subject is there such a concurrence of opinion, among philoso-phers, moralists and statesmen of all nations, as on the necessity of periodical cessation of labor. One day in seven is the rule, founded in experience and sustained by science. . . . The prohibition of secular business on Sunday is advocated on the ground that by it the general welfare is advanced, labor pro-tected, and the moral and physical well-being of society is promoted." So, in Bloom v. Richards, 2 Ohio St. 387, 392, Judge Thurman, delivering the unanimous judgment of the Supreme Court of Ohio, said: " We are, then, to re-gard the statute under consideration as a mere muni-cipal or police regulation, whose validity is neither strengthened nor weakened by the fact that the day of rest it enjoins is the sabbath day. Wisdom requires that men should refrain from labor at least one day in seven, and the advantages of having the day of rest fixed, and so fixed as to happen at regularly re-curring intervals, are too obvious to be overlooked. It was within the constitutional competency of the gen-eral assembly to require the cessation of labor, and to name the day of rest." "Essential" to the Well-Being of Man. The same principles were announced by the Su- preme Court of Georgia in the present case. . . . That court, speaking by Chief-Justice Bleckley, said: " There can be no well-founded doubt of its being a police regulation, considering it merely as ordaining the cessation of ordinary labor and business during  one day in every week ; for the frequent and total suspension of the toils, care and strain of mind or muscle incident to pursuing an occupation or common employment, is beneficial to every individual, and in-cidentally to the community at large, the general pub-lic. Leisure is no less essential than labor to the well-being of man. . . ." That court further said: " With respect to the se-lection of the particular day in each week which has been set apart by our statute as the rest day of the people, religious views and feelings may have had a controlling influence. We doubt not that they did have; and it is probable that the same views and feelings had a very powerful influence in dictating the policy of setting apart any day whatever as a day of enforced rest. But neither of these considerations is destruc-tive of the police nature and character of the statute. . . . Courts are not concerned with the mere be- liefs and sentiments of legislators, or with the motives which influence them in enacting laws which are within legislative competency. That which is properly made a civil duty by statute is none the less so because it is also a real or supposed religious obligation; nor is the statute vitiated, or in anywise weakened, by the chance, or even the certainty, that in passing it the legislative mind was swayed by the religious rather than by the civil aspect of the measure. Doubtless it is a religious duty to pay debts, but no one supposes that this is any obstacle to its being exacted as a civil duty. With few exceptions, the same may be said of the whole catalogue of duties specified in the ten commandments. Those of them which are purely and exclusively religious in their nature cannot be made civil duties, but all of them may be, in so far as they involve conduct as distinguished from, mere operations of mind or states of the affections. Opinions may dif-fer, and they really do differ, as to whether abstaining from labor on Sunday is a religious duty; but whether it is or is not, it is certain that the legislature of Georgia has prescribed it as a civil duty. The statute can fairly and rationally be treated as a legitimate police regulation, and thus treated it is a valid law. There is a wide difference between keeping a day holy as a religious observance and merely forbearing to labor on that day in one's ordinary vocation or busi-ness pursuit." ITennington v. The State, 90 Ga. 396, 397 399. In quoting and adopting this language of the Supreme Court of Georgia, as he does, Justice Harlan shows a most astonishing lack of ap- preciation of the essential difference between paying debts and observing a religious ordi-nance. The payment of debts is not made a civil duty because it is a religious duty; while it is admitted that abstinence from labor on Sunday is made a " civil duty " because it is supposed to be first of all a religious duty. On the other hand, the payment of debts is a religious duty because it is first of all a natural civil duty. Peoples knowing nothing of the ten commandments recognize the obligation to pay debts, and enforce it by civil law; but we find the so-called civil Sabbath only where its observance has first been enjoined as a relig-ious duty. But so well satisfied is the Su-preme Court with the reasoning of the Georgia Court on this point, that the learned justice continues :Š Assuming, then, that both upon principle and au-thority the statute of Georgia is, in every substantial sense, a police regulation established under the gen-eral authority possessed by the legislature to provide, by laws, for the well being of the people, we proceed to consider whether it is in conflict with the Constitu-tion of the United States. Ł The Contention of the Defense. The defendant contends that the running on the sabbath day of railroad cars, laden with interstate freight, is committed exclusively to the control and supervision of the National Government; and that, although Congress has not taken any affirmative action upon the subject, State legislation interrupting, even for a limited time only, interstate commerce, whatever may be its object and however essential such legisla-tion may be for the comfort, peace and safety of the people of the State, is a regulation of interstate com-merce forbidden by the Constitution of the United States. Is this view of the Constitution and of the relations between the States and the General Govern-ment sustained by the former decisions of this court? . . Ł If the people of a State deem it necessary to their peace, comfort and happiness, to say nothing of the public health and the public morals, that one day in each week be set apart by law as a day when busi-ness of all kinds carried on within the limits of that State shall cease, whereby all persons of every race 