"A" Fruit Biscuits, white flour, - sweetened, per lb. "B" " whole wheat flour, " 64 4. Fruit Crackers, not sweetened, ii Lemon Cream Biscuits,  Graham 64 Oat Meal 66 66 66 "A" Graham Crackers, slightly sweetened " "B" not sweetened " "A" Oat Meal " slightly sweetened " "B" ` if not sweetened Whole Wheat Craoke White Carbon 66 Gluten ' Cereola, a prepared grain food, in bulk, Pure Gluten, Wheat " very palatable, THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 263 HEALTH FOODS. PURE CRACKERS AND BISCUITS, and Cereal Coffee MANUFACTURED BY THE BATTLE CREEK BAKERY COMPANY ESTABLISHED IN 1881. and that public acquiescence in its infraction has not operated to repeal the law. The General Term in the Second Department has just emphasized the law by affirming the conviction of a prominent New York sportsman who was arrested a year ago for fishing in a private pond, near Newburg. The ef-fect of this decision will be to remind Sunday fish-ermen that they are liable to arrest and punish-ment anywhere within the confines of the Empire State. Around New York, in the Hudson River, in Lake George and the Adirondacks, the prohibition has long been considered as practically a dead let-ter, and has been violated constantly and without the slightest restraint; and because what is every-body's business is nobody's, arrests have been ex-ceedingly infrequent. Here, however, is Section 265 of the Penal Code, which Judge Cullen's Gen-eral Term opinion holds to cover all the waters, public or private, in the State of New York: "All shooting, hunting, fishing, horse racing, gaming or other public sports, exercises or shows upon the first day of the week, and all noise disturbing the peace of the day are prohibited." If civil law can prohibit one from fishing in a private pond on Sunday, what are the limits of civil authority for the enforcement of the observ-ance of Sunday ? IN New Braunfels, Texas, they are having a brisk agitation of the Sunday law question. The New Braunfels Herald takes the proper position in op-position to Sunday laws, that it is not a proper 'sphere for the exercise of civil authority, and at the same time denies that there is any authority from God for abstaining from labor on Sunday. Continuing, the Herald says:Š If there was such an authority it would*be a matter of religion, and would come under the prov-ince of the pulpit, and not the legal forum. This is a free country, or at least ought to be, so far as religion is concerned, and no man or set of men have any right to dictate to me how or when I shall worship God, or whether I shall worship God or devil, for it is none of their business. The founders of our Government very wisely separated Church and State, and provided that all persons should be protected in the right to worship God in his or her own way, and a Sunday law is in direct violation of this fundamental principle, and is a direct attempt to coerce men in their religious opinions, and for this reason ought to be denounced by all lovers of liberty. But the Sunday laws exist. The coercion has  begun. Why has this not been found out before ? THE Supreme Court of the State of New Jersey, has determined that a fine of one dollar only can be levied upon proprietors of open Sunday amuse-ments in that State and the report therefore is that, on Sunday, Aug. 14, at Atlantic City, contrary to the usual custom and the city ordinances, several carousels, toboggan and scenic railways, and other pla6es of amusement were opened to day, taking advantage of the recent decision of the State Su- preme Court that a fine of one dollar only could be imposed upon places of amusement for remaining open on Sunday. The police authorities made no attempt to close the places, but took the names of the proprietors. THE Kentucky Journal expresses itself thus in-cisively upon the late utterances of the Mail and Express on the passage of the bill closing the World's Fair on Sundays:Š " Col. Elliot F. Son-in-Law Shepard, of the New York Mail and Express, is sending out marked cop-ies of his paper telling the story in scare headlines that the Sabbath will be sacred, and in his editori-als that the Sabbath is triumphant for the World's Fair will be `closed on the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday.' But the Lord's day is not Sunday, but the Sabbath, commonly called Saturday, as Shepard, who heads his columns every day with a verse of scripture ought to know. " But Mr. Shepard is harmless, and the only reason for noticing his fusillade, is to ask whether, because he advocated the closing of the World's Fair on Sunday, lie was thereby given the right to become a stalwart liar ? The information is desired for the reason that in the edition in which thanks are scattered for the congressional saving of the Sab-bath Col. Shepard with the energy of a cheerful liar asserts that Kolb, the Third Partyite has been elected Governor of Alabama, over Jones, Dem-ocrat, by thirty thousand majority. And then he goes ahead quoting scripture, remarking that in godliness there is great gain, and there is, no doubt, for hypocrites of the Shepard stamp, great tempo-ral gain." Cereal Coffee, prepared from grains only, a very choice and healthful drink, in one and a half lb. packages (Once used, never again refused), 25c These goods are put up in boxes, at the following prices:Š Fruit Biscuits, A and B, 31 lbs. per box, Lemon Cream Biscuits, 26 " Graham " 26 " " " Oat 1VIeal 80  4, I Any of the above Crackers, quoted at 10 cents per lb., 38 lbs. per box, Cereola, in cases of to Thiokages, one and a quar- ter lbs. each, Cereal Coffee, 25 packages, Cereola and Gluten are prepared foods, thoroughly cooked and ready for use by the addition of some fluid, as milk and cream, fruit juice or water, as best agrees with the individual. FOUND AT LAST! A POCKET SPELLER, DICTION ARV, AND MEMORANDUM BOOK COMBINED. It gives the right orthography of al words (over 22,800) in common use, and in nearly every instance their definition. It also gives rules for the use of capitals and punctuation marks, abbreviations of names of States and Territories, letters of intro- duction and recommendation, definitions of commercial terms, forms of notes, due bills, receipts, letters of credit, orders for money, merchandise and goods stored, principal holidays, marriage anni- versaries, combination of shades, and carefully selected laws of etiquette in social and business life, also a silicate slate Ł for memoran- dums. This Speller gives the most complete list of words in com-mon use; it is a Speller, Dictionary, Handy Companion, and Memorandum Book combined; it is indexed: it prints all words pronounced alike but spelled differently, so they can be dis-tinguished at a glance; it shows where the letter eat the end of a word is to be dropped when adding,ed or ing; it gives a com-plete list of the most practical business forms; it gives the laws of etiquette in social and business life; these rules alone are worth the price of the Speller. This Speller is bound in leather, is of convenient size to be carried in vest pocket, and its price brings it within the reach of all. American Russia leather, gilt edge,. 50 cents. Sent post-paid to any address on receipt of price. THE STORY OF JESUS. BY MRS. G. E. MORTON. A successful attempt to adapt the life of Christ to the comprehension of children of four years old and under. The charm of the story and the simplicity of the telling make this one of the very best books that can be given to a child.--New York Observer. 12mo, 316 pages, cloth, printed in colors; $1.00. Cereola is a universal Health Food, and is calculated for use both in sickness and health. It is the same as formerly adver-tised under the name Granola. Goods, to the value of eight dollars, will be sent on the re-ceipt of six dollars, being 25 per cent. discount. Iu ordering, please remember that the rate of freight on 25 lbs. will be the same as on 100 lbs. Remit by Bank Draft, Money Order, Express Order, or Posta I Note. No private checks accepted. Write us for special rates on large lots. REFERENCES. To whom, it may concern; We the undersigned, residents of Battle Creek, Mich., take pleasure in stating that Mr. Joseph Smith, manager of the Health Food Department of the Battle Creek Bakery Co., has resided in Battle Creek for nearly 20 years, and is a competent and responsible man, and of long experience in his line of busi- ness, and one whose goods we can heartily recommend to the public. URIAH &HRH, Editor Review and Herald. HoN. W. C. GAGE, Ex-Mayor. J. B. KRUG, of Krug's Business College. THOMAS H. BRIGGS, M. D. HON. GEORGE WILLARD, Pub. Journal. S. S. FeExcit, M. D. R. T. KINGMAN, Vice-President City Bank. M. RORABACHER, M. HON. W. II. MASON, postmaster. HON. J. W. BAILEY, Ex-Mayor. T. E. SANDS, M. D. POLISHED STONES AND SHARPENED ARROWS, BY C. W. BIBB. SCRIPTURE TEXTS AND ILLUSTRATIONS FOR THE CHRISTIAN WORKER AND THE HOME. This volume was prepared to serve as a hand-book of illustra-tions for the preacher, the teacher, and the Christian wor:rer, that they may abound more and more in every good word and work. An apt illustration will of ten touch the secret spring of the heart so that its door will swing open to receive the truth. The book is divided into twenty-three chapters, and contains an index to scripture texts to which the reader can quickly refer and find the illustration which accompanies the Bible t, xt. The book conains 374 pages, bound in brown cloth, price $1.25. CRUDEN'S CONCORDANCE A DICTIoNARY, And Alphabetical Index TO THE BIBLE. Cloth, $1.25.  Sheep, $2.50. Address all Orders to PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 43 Bond street, New York. WE manufacture a choice line of these goods, entirely free from lard and all adulterations, at the following prices:Š $4.00 2.60 2.60 3.00 3.00 6.00 5.00 15c 15c 15e 12c 12c 12c 10c 10c 10c 10c . 10c 10c 15c 30c 10e 40c 20c Address, BATTLE CREEK BAKERY CO., Battle Creek, Mich. THE PILGRIM'S PROGRESS BY JOHN BUNYAN. Royal Octavo Edition in large type, and contains over 100 illustrations, 50 of which are full page. Cloth, with side stamp in ink and gold, $1.00. 