118 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. the "recognition of God as the head of this Na-tion," and, as distinctly stated by Secretary Weir, that the "party " that acknowledges the authority of God in civil government, pledges itself to plainly this : " God being the source of govern-mental power, and the ruler (?) who uses it being therefore his minister, that they will choose for ev-ery office only such as fear God," such amend-ment of the Constitution, and such tests in parti-san politics, would not only in effect repeal Article VI, clause 3, of the United States Consti-stitution, but would revolutionize Americanism backwards. Secretary Weir also wrote to the Christian Statesman (before the Nashville convention), as follows: " I am convinced the thing to do is to appeal for aid in carrying our Lord's cause through in the Prohibition party, to the National W. C. T. U." " The Prohibition party cannot do without their aid, and knows it. It is the attitude of the W. C. T. U. that is compelling the unwilling leaders of the party to indorse woman suffrage. . . . If they insist on the clear, frank, full recognition of Christ's authority and law, we shall get it." Does Mr. Weir mean that if the W. C. T. U. "declares its solemn purpose to help forward the universal reign of Christ in the customs of society and the laws of the land, not in form, but in fact, not ecclesiastically, but really," and does not pro-pose to aid the National Reformers in abrogating a fundamental principle of Americanism by put-ting religious tests into political platforms, and undermining religious liberty as now guaranteed by the Constitution,Šdoes Mr. Weir mean that " we shall get," what is needed to secure that re-sult, by the aid of the W. C. T. U.? The verdict of history, and down to the relig-ious persecutions of witches and Quakers through civil power, in this country is on the side of main-tabling the wise provision of the Constitution of the United States: "But no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States." And here let me repeat somewhat of my first letter:Š " It was the spirit of truth Jesus promised to his followers. The spirit of truth is the al-mighty, saving, redeeming power by and through which all humanity must be made whole. " Religious test as qualification for civic service would not develop a spirit of truth. If the Chris-tian church cannot win the respect and allegiance of individuals, and of the people, by the evidences in its membership of superior goodness, justice, truth-loving and righteous dealing, it fails of proving itself the light of the world, and has no ground rightly to assume a leadership in civic or national affairs, much less to endeavor to destroy the foundation on which our civic institutions are built." Miss Willard "believes the Catholic Church is growing more liberal than is generally supposed, and that it can no more regain its temporal power than medieval ignorance, superstition, and abject servitude to kings and popes can be restored." Undoubtedly the atmosphere of American lib-erty has greatly circumscribed the veneration for popery and superstition. Undoubtedly there are large numbers in the Catholic Church who will not recognize the authority of the Pope in politi-cal matters. But why are the members of that church commanded by the Pope to remove their children from the free public school? Why are they being taught, or to be taught, " an abridged  course of religious instruction, apologetic, dog-matic, and moral," that " the civil laws of Chris-tendom are binding on conscience so long as they are conformable to the rights of the Catholic Church? " Why are the children of Catholics taught that "rationalism, or rather atheism of the State, con-sists in the exclusion from the civil government of all religious influence, above all that of the true religion of the Church of Jesus Christ (the Ro-man Catholic Church, of course), or, in other words, the separation of the State from the church, absolute independence of the State with regard to the church, which means oppression of the church by the State." If the power and prestige of popery and the Romish hierarchy is so emasculated that it can be passed by with a wave of the hand as an in-significant factor in future possibilities, political and religious, why is it that the civil powers of the world are for the most part in direct relations with the Vatican? Why do fifteen different Gov-ernments treat. diplomatically ,with this mortal man who claims to be God's vicegerent on earth? Why has the Christian Government of England felt called upon to establish relations with Leo ? Why did Grover Cleveland feel called upon to send a jubilee greeting to the Pope at Rome? He had the same right to send an offering as any other individual, to be sure, but as the presiding officer of this Nation it conveyed to the Pope a much greater significance than had it come from citizen Cleveland merely. And why did Mr. Cleveland desire to send a " testimonial of the veneration for your august person" to the poor old man who complains of being a "prisoner," though possessed of royal power? Was it possibly because he was the "re-ligious head of 225,000,000 who form the larger part of modern democracy" ? There is no evidence that the Romish hier-archy is losing ground as a political power, but the contrary. There has been no withdrawal, or ab-rogation, of the following claims of a Papal ency-clical, as quoted by Rev. Josiah Strong, in Our Country:Š " XIX. The Romish Church has a right to exercise its authority without any limits set to it. by the civil power." " XXVII. The Pope and the priests ought to have dominion over the temporal affairs." " XXX. The Romish Church and her ecclesi-astics have a right to immunity from civil law." " XLII. In case of conflict between the eccle-siastical and civil powers, the ecclesiastical powers ought to prevail." Bishop O'Connor is quoted by the same author as saying: " Religious liberty is merely endured until the opposition can be carried into effect without peril to the Catholic world." " Religious liberty, in the sense of a liberty pos-sessed by every man to choose his religion, is one of the. most wicked delusions ever foisted upon this age by the father of deceit." "It is neither more nor less than falsehood. No man has a right to choose his religion." "The Catholic who says the church is not in-tolerant belies the sacred spouse of Christ." Every cardinal, archbishop, and bishop in the Catholic Church takes an oath of allegiance to the Pope in which occur the following words : "Heretics, schismatics, and rebels to our said Lord (the Pope) or his aforesaid successors, I will to my utmost persecute and oppose." That "America is the hope of Rome," as de- dared by the Pope, cannot be doubted by anyone who has followed closely the history of Romanism, the wary proceeding of the church on this conti-nent, its accumulation of wealth, its persistent ef-fort to prepare for a final attitude of antagonism to our free-school system. The Romish Church everywhere on this globe is a unit; no such unity elsewhere exists. Its ultimate aim, boldly an-nounced and diligently worked for, is temporal power. Will the National Reformers and the W. C. T. U., as the ally of that party, work to remove the chief barrier under our Government, the con-stitutional guarantee of liberty of conscience, by and through which this foe to liberty can be held in check ? It is true, as Rev. J. H. Warren, of California, says: "They blow no trumpets, are sparing of statistics, but are at work night and day to break down the constitutions of the country, beginning with the public schools. As surely as we live, so surely will the conflict come, and it will be a hard one." Lafayette, himself a Romanist, said: " If ever the liberties of the American people are destroyed, they will fall by the hands of the Romish clergy." Neither against the craftiness of Romanism or the devasting greed of mammon will the ballot of woman achieve fraternization unlessit can avail to help this Nation do works meet for repentance. The workingmen are far nearer the spirit of the New Testament than are the ruling forces of Wall Street, of a robbing and oppressive financial system, and a commercial system that is making our institutions and Government a plutocracy. "But religion is an affair of the heart." Yes, dear sister, it is "with the heart man believeth unto righteousness." Politics certainly cannot be reckoned in that domain. When, if ever, civic affairs are controlled by the heart, they will no longer be political. Then why resort to the sphere of craftiness, of fierce antagonisms and mean ambitions, of crooked expenditures, politi-cal platforms, and partisan contentions, to pro-claim that "Christ is the author and head of gov-ernment." It is an attempt for which Jesus of Nazareth set no precedent, by precept or example. He proclaimed his kingdom to he a spiritual kingdom. Proclaiming the gospel of peace and good-will as a sentiment in political platforms will be but sounding brass and tinkling cymbal. THE Lutheran Observer says that "the law of the Sabbath belongs both to God and to Caesar." We would like to know where it obtained its in-formation, and what part of it belongs to God, and what to Cwsar. We know of no law of the Sabbath, except that found in the decalogue ; certainly there is no other with which God has anything to do. Did God and Caesar go into partnership in giving that law ? The question needs no answer;.  God was the sole giver of the law from Sinai, and that contains the only Sab-bath law that he ever gave. How, then, did Caesar get any claim upon it ? Simply by fraud. Caesar has of right no more to do with the Sab-bath than with the ordering of the angels in Heaven. To say that because he claims it we are in duty bound to recognize that claim, in order to comply with the divine command to " render unto Caesar the things that be Cwsar's," is equivalent to saying that every usurper's claim should be regarded as valid. The fact that a man has his hands on a thing is no proof that he owns it. Instead of acknowledging his claim, we say, " Hands off." 