170 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. together, and every mountain and island are moved out of their places, then the word of God is that " The kings of the earth, and the great men, and the rich men, and the chief captains, ;and the'mighty men, and every bondman, and every free-man, hid themselves in the dens aid:in the rocks of the mountains; and said to the mountains and rocks, Fall on us, and hide us from the face of him, that sitteth on the throne, and front the wrath of the Lamb : for the great day of his wrath is come; and who shall be able to stand ?" There has been no more deceptive doc-trine invented than that which teaches the conversion of the world, and .the re-deeming of commonwealths. The Saviour did not die for commonwealths, he died for individuals. All may have eternal life if they will. Yet in fact many have chosen, and many do still choose the other way instead, and every man is at liberty to choose which way he will: ",Whoso-ever will, let him come." If he will not, he may go the way of his cheice. The truth is that it is in fact, " only a question of how many individuals can be brought to their knees and induced penitentially to accept Christ as their Saviour; " and there-fore it is true that all that, the Church has to do " is to teach the doctrines of re-pentance and regeneration, multiply its missions and strengthen its evangelistic forces" for that very purpose. Whenever the Church ceases to do that, it then ceases to be a Church in the proper sense of the word. And too many of them have ceased to do it, and there is too much preaching of this kind .that leads in the way for more of it to be done. Those who profess to be the representa-tives of the Church have forgotten what the Church is, and what its work is. These are the ones who neglect the hum-ble task of preaching to individuals the doctrines of repentance and regeneration, -and enter upon a course of ambitious po-litical action, to convert cities, States, and nations as such. Leaving individual ac-tion, individual responsibility, and indi-vidual influence, they undertake to convert men by wholesale. They make the. city Christian by electing a mayor who will enforce Sunday laws. They make the - Nation Christian by incorporating the name of the Saviour in its Constitution and laws. Thus they hope to obtain a redeemed commonwealth. Yes, it was in this way that' the Roman Empire was redeemed ; thus it was made a redeemed commonwealth. But it was worse after' it was so redeemed than it was before. Such a redemption multiplied and heaped up wickedness to such an extent that human society could not bear it; it had to be utterly swept out of existence, as it was, by the flood. of savage barbarism that swept the Empire from one end to the other. Such a redemption in that day ended in utter ruin. Such a one wrought again in this day will end in the same  thing; and 'whoever Will- escape it needs as an individual to turn to Christ and pLitentially accept him as the Saviour. A. T. J. A Criticism Answered. NOT long since an article appeared in this paper over my signature in Which.  I used the following words:Š The only way to Trohibit the liquor traffic is to prohibit it, not one -day in the week, hitt every day. To make criminal upon one day in the week that which is perfectly legal at all other times, is simply to Place a prernium upon .official  corruption ; to make possible persecution, as in Tennessee; and t6 educate people to disregard and despise the law. This sentiment was subsequently criti-cised by the Colorado Graphic as follows :Š But how can Mr. Bollman, if he is serious, claim for prohibition for the six days what cannot be se-cured for the one day ? A gentleman who stands so nobly for 'equal rightS; so manfully against re-ligious legislation, which is always sumptuary, how can he even suggest a prohibitiory law and con-sistently maintain his other. potations Did he not read that in Bangor, in prohibition Maine, one hundred and fifty saloons (speak-easies) had been discovered and were closed by the Mayor, and that in thirty days thereafter there were fifty others dis-covered ? No, sir; sumptuary legislation is a failure. The writer does not pretend to say that prohibition has ever been a success in the sense .of stopping all liquor drinking, or even all liquor selling, especially in large cities; nor does he pretend to say that it ever will be a success in any such sense. But be that as it may it proves nothing as to the merits of the question. Theft and prostitution, and gambling and lotteries are forbidden by law, but they are not prohibited in the sense of being absolutely prevented. They are, however, greatly les-sened by the laws against them, and so has liquor selling and the evils which spring from it been. , greatly reduced by prohibi-tory laws in Maine, Iowa, and Kansas. It is, therefore, idle to argue that because sa-loons (speak-easies) exist in Bangor, pro-hibition is wrong or even that it is a polit-ical mistake. The only question is, Has the State a, just right to prohibit the traffic in intoxicating drinks ? The Graphic assumes that prohibitory laws are of the same nature as. Sunday laws, and other measures of religious leg-islation. This is a mistake as can easily be shown. About the only thing in com-mon between them is that many religious people favor both. But the fact : that re-ligious people are in favor of two, meas-ures does not prove that, they are: both equally good or equally bad. Prohibition is in no sense religious. Very many re-ligious people do not believe in it, while a great, many people who make: no pro-fession of religion are in favor of ,it as s-matter of public policy, and as necessary for the protection of life and 'property. The evil effeCts of liquor drinking are not confined to those who drink, Every in-toxicated man is a menace to life and prop-erty, not his own life and property merely, but the hires and property of others; and can it be that society has no right to pro-tect itself against the danger ? Again, the traffic in intoxicating liquors entails upon the State enormous expendi-tures for the apprehension, trial, and im-prisonment of criminals, and for the care Of paupers, Crime and pauperisin are the legitiniate fruits 'of the liquor traffic, and can it be that the State has no right to prohibit that Which has proved' itself to be the most prolific contributor to Our prisons, alms houses, and insane asylums ? Certainly right and justice demand the prohibition of a business that burdens the State as, the liquor traffic does. Sup-pose that the State has no right to pre-vent a man from drinking what he pleases, and that where and when he pleases, does it follow that it has no right to prohibit the public traffic in that which beggars whole families and turns them out paupers to be supported by those who by honest toil have accumulated property which bears its just proportion of taxa-tion ? But it is said that prohibition interferes with personal liberty. Proper prohibition will never interfere with personal liberty. Moreover the cry of personal liberty does not come as a rule from the men who drink, but from those who grow rich by ministering to the, most depraved appetites of their fellow-men. The liberty which they demand is liberty to enrich them-selves by burdening the public with paupers and criminals. Are they justly entitled to such liberty ? Hardly. Liquor men themselves grant the right of the State to regulate the traffic in which they are engaged, and that not merely for revenue but to restrict the evils which it engenders. But the right to regulate car-ries with it the right to prohibit. And this is one reason why the State has no right to legislate upon religious matters, or in any way regulate the exercise of re-ligion. If the State had the right to re-quire or to forbid one religious observance, it would have the right to require or to forbid any or all others. This is why all Christians who prize religious liberty as they should, and who are willing that oth-ers should enjoy the same privileges that they themselves do, oppose all State inter-ference in religious matters. They insist that all must be left absolutely free to wor-ship or not to worship just as they please. But every body recognizes the right of the State to regulate - liquor selling; to say that A may sell, and that B shall not sell. But whether they realize it or not, if the State has the right to say that one man shall not sell intoxicating liquors it has the right to say that no man shall sell such liquors. Did liqUer dealers for a MO-merit believe that their business is as legit-imate as any other, and that the "right " to sell liquor rests upon the same ground as the right to worship, they would de-mand, not license as they ,ow do, but 