THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 75 country payamore taxes than any other body of Christians to support these schools, shall we then be insulted and outraged and have no means of tedress? I ask the fair-minded of every shade 'of opinion if this is not true. It is not true that 'this 'rising opposition to the public-school system comes from Roman Catholicism" alone. Some of the best and purest men and the ablest and profoundeSt thinkerS outside of Roman Catholicism are as much opposed to it as Catholicism is. Gentlemen, is it fair, is it honest, to oblige teachers to attend that convention under pain, of incurring the displeasure of the School Board, and thus insult them in this way ? I ask ,the heads of this convention to answer. Very respectfully, GEORGE MONTGOMERY. San Francisco, July 19, 1888. The follOwing is Professor Mo'rgan's reply To the Editor of the ChronicleŠSIR: Will you kindly allow me space for a very brief reply to Rev. Father Montgomery's " protest " against thy remarks yesterday; which you publish to-day? assume all responsibility for my utterances and doh not wish "the heads of departments" to be censured for what I have said. wish, however, to disclaim any intention of " insulting " my Roman ,Catholic fellow-citizens. Some of the best friends I have in the world are Roman Catholics. If in the hurry of a three-minute utterance on a great theme I used any words that could be regarded as'insulting, Ilreatly regret it. The point I wanted to make was this : I was asked, What answer can we give to the criticism made upon the public schools that they fail to cultivate the religious sentiment or to teach morality ? My reply was that a part, of this criticism comes from the Roman Catholics, and I asserted that the Catholics who make it would be satisfied with nothing less than the destruction of the publi,c schools and the substitution therefor of parochial schools. In other words, the charge that the public schools are "godless "means that they - are not Roman Catholic, and should be de-stroyed. Not to multiply authorities, let me cite the words of Rev. F. T. McCarthy, S. J., used in a sermon reported in the Boston Journal, De-cember 23, 1887. He says the public-school system "is a national fraud." " It must cease to exist, and the day will come when it will cease to exist." " There are some 8,000,000 Catholics in the United States, and they pro-test against this institution." "It is subver-sive of the rights of the individual, subversive of the rights of the family, subversive of the rights of religion, and subversive of the divine rights of God himself." The States "have no right to educate." "God never gave a com-mission to the State to educate." He asserts that if Catholics patronize the "godless" pub-lic schools, when they have other schools to send to, "they are guilty of mortal sin." The priest, whose words I am quoting, de-clares that he is not " giving his opinion," but laying down "the teachings of the church." I respectfully submit that if Rev. Mr. McCar-thy correctly represents the Catholics then they are in favor of the absolute overthrow of the American public-school system, and the criti-cism on the schools that they are godless is not made with a view of improving them, but is intended to undermine and. destroy them. As .a teaohet, a member and an officer of the National Educational Association; as a friend of 'the public-school system; as one Who believes -that our free Government rests upon the virtue and intelligence of our people ŠI felt at liberty when called upon to answer the grave criticism made upon our, schools, -to point out the animus of the criticism, so  that we may know for what we are contend-ing. If Father Montgomery and the Catholics of the Pacific Coast agree with Father McCarthy, of Boston, I do not see that they have any-thing to complain of in what I have said. If, however, they do not accept his teachings, if they are the friends of the public schools, no one will rejoice over that fact more sincerely than I will. THOMAS J. MORGAN. San Francisco, July 19, 1888. We shall not attempt to add anything to Professor Morgan's' reply, as to the merits of the case; but there are two expressions used by the priest to which we would call attention for a moment. The first of these is that in which he speaks repeatedly of Professor Morgan's words being an " insult and an outrage." Priest Mont-gomery knows that the Professor states the fact. Priest Montgomery, and everybody else, knows that Roman Catholicism, everywhere and always, is opposed to our public-school system. Everybody knows that Professor Morgan stated the fact. And it is neither an insult nor an outrage publicly to state what is publicly known. The priest says there are some outside of Roman Catholicism who "are as much opposed' to it [the public school] as Catholicism is." Whoever outside of Ro-man Catholicism opposes the public-school system is but a Roman Catholic in disguise, for the principle of his opposition is essen-tially Roman Catholic. More than this, nine-tenths of those who oppose the public-school system, outside of the Catholic Church, do so expressly to please the Catholics and so secure their co-operation in carrying into operation certain religio-political schemes which both have in view, and which will end in that which Roman Catholicism has long desiredŠthe de-struction of the American public-school sys- tem. The other expression is that in which the priest says that "to gratify those who love to pray in public places," the Roman, Catholics "might have tolerated" the opening of the sessions of the convention " with prayer by Protekant ministers, representing the various Protestant denominations." Mr. Montgomery should be told that the American people know no such word as "tolerate." " What other nations call religious toleration we call religious rights." That Educational Conven-tion had the right to have its sessions opened with prayer by anybody whom it should choose, or opened without prayer at all, just as it should choose. And when Mr. Mont-gomery talks of "tolerating " it, he casts a slur upon every man who has any respect for'  himself. In 1827 Lord Stanhope said: " The time was when toleration was craved by dis-senters as a boon; it is now demanded as a right; but a time will come when it will be spurned as an insult." That time has now come. And every man who is acquainted with the true principle of liberty will con-sider it an insult when anybody, be he so-called Protestant or straight-out Catholic, proposes any such thing as religious "tolera- tion." The vocabulary of American ideas knows no such word as " toleration; " it as- serts RIGHTS. A. T. J. Political Cowards. POLITICAL courage is a quality which in the present day seems to be applied only to the heroes of the past. We revere the sterling bravery of Washington, the calm determina-tion of Lincoln, and the dogged tenacity of Grant, but when we look about us to-day, to whom of our leading men can we apply the epithet " courageous "? In a democracy, of all forms of government, courage is the quality above all others which should command the respect of the people and lead to successful results. In a government of the people the man should rule who has the courage of his convictions, and will boldly outline a policy and defend his views to the end. Unfortu-nately, in the anomalous condition of the pol-itics of this country, the man who is usually most successful is he who best understands the manipulation of the factions, and not he who throws down the gauntlet of his convic-tions and stands ready to champion his views without regard to personal expediency or con-sequence. This is an age of little men and tricksters; the great leaders of the past dec-ade are fast disappearing, and those who survive have passed the time of political ac-tivity. . . . The political developments of late years tend to show that the less courage a man pos-sesses the more sure he is of political prefer-ment. The man who stands for his convic-tions is respected for his bravery by the hon-orable, thinking members of the community; but the party managers will have none of him, as he is sure to be offensive to this fac-tion, or cannot be manipulated by tliat clique. The man with a record must of necessity have made enemies, and for that reason is consid-ered an impossible political candidate. By the time a man has been found who is unob-jectionable to the Fiji elementŠwho is sure of the Hottentot vote, and can command the support of the Hindoo influenceŠall that re-mains is a mediocral negation as much resem-bling the ideal statesman as the fabled ass in the lion's skin is like to the monarch of the forest. Pure partisanship is always the most circumspect of courses, and the only road to greatness is to strike out a bold and independ-ent line of conduct. Parties are the exponents of principles, and leaders must be the inaugu-rators of progression, else party and leaders will sink into negative inaction. . . . This lack of courage amongst politicians does not signify that the American nation is without courageous men; it merely means that under the influence of our heterogeneous democracy the politicians have constructed a monstrous bugbear, in the form of what they are pleased to term public opinion, and which, to their view, possesses as many eyes as Ar-gus, each ready to scrutinize every act which may be considered offensive to the multifold interests of the community. So accustomed are politicians to cower before this self-con-structed terror of public opinionŠwhich, in reality, is but the divisional interests of the machine managersŠthat they dare not risk initiating a new policy, which they believe to be essential to the nation's safety, and pro 