4 1-`14E AMERICAN SENTINEL. tive religion during school hours. This is done out-side the hours for which the buildings are leased to the Board. The State, it is plain, pays not one cent for the religious instruction of the pupils. In the other schools let Protestant devotional exercises take place, in fullest freedom, before the usual school hour. This, on the face of it, is more plausible. It is based on the supposition that Prot-estants want their schools to begin with Protestant devotional exercises or instruc-tion, and that Catholics,.ought to have the same privilege, That is right, so far. Just as long as Protestants insist against all their principles of separation of Church and State, that there shall be religious ex-ercises in the public schools, they have no argument against the Catholics. The reading of the Bible or prayer in public schools is a relic of barbarism, such as we used to have; and the fear of dropping it lest religion should suffer, is the sur-vival of the cowardice which used to make the Church think that it would perish if it lost the support of the State. In further reply to the Archbishop's alternative proposition, we make, on one side the answer that we do not want the "Protestant devotional exercises." It opens the way for them to be required, at any rate required of the teacher if not of the pupil, and we do not trust the State to provide teachers of devotion. For our part we repudiate and reject the privilege which this allows us. On the other side the State is asked to provide and pay for Catholic religious in-struction. It is absurd to say that these Catholic teachers are not to be paid for teaching religion. They are paid full salary, more, probably, than the teachers in the Catholic parochial schools now re-ceive; and, thus paid by the State, they are required by somebody, practically by the State, to teach religion. If they do not teach religion, and this particular re-ligion, they are dismissed. Further, they are employed only on condition that they shall be Catholics and teach Catholicism. Now, if that is not going back on the fun- damental principle of our American insti- tutions, and of the First Amendment so much extolled at the Baltimore Jubilee, then we fail to understand. what a contra- diction is. How would the Archbishop like his own proposition in practice ? Here is a Catholic school on the Poughkeepsie plan. Ten Catholics apply for examina-tion to the School Board, five of them brothers, of an order approved by himself and five of them admirers of Dr. McGlynn and members of the Anti-Poverty Society. The School Board decide that the latter are good enough Catholics and would make the better teachers. What a row would be immediately started ! But that is just the infelicity constantly arising in a union of Church and State. The 'fact is; there is no compromise pos-sible. It is either free Church or enslaved Church. Our institutions are based, on the free - Church system, and 'Catholics  like it, and we must defend them and ourselves against any other. -It works well. Sir Charles Dilke says that Russia and the United States are the two most religious countries in the world, and for this reason the most dangerous in war; If we want to keep a people religious, we must trust the Church to teach them and not the State; and this is equally true for Catho-lics and Protestants.ŠIndependent..  Special.  Objeat of Attack.- .  UNTIL within a few years past there has been little or no attempt to enforce the Sunday laws on the statute books of the States of the Union. Practically men have been free :to labor if they chose, or travel on the first day of the week, as if there had been no Sunday law. But there has been a change practically in the Southern States; Tennessee, Georgia, and Arkansas, have inaugurated a persecuting enforcement of these laws against the Seventh-day Adventists, and now Missouri follows suit, and William Fritz and Robert G-ibb, two Seventh-day Adventists, have been indicted and arrested for laboring on their farms on the first day of the week, after resting all day on the seventh, ac-cording to their understanding of Ł the commandment. Who are the' prime mov-ers in this raid ? and why- are the Seventh-day Adventists' singled out for attack ? The answer to these questions is this : A National Sabbath Union has been formed within a few years, with the ob-ject of revivifying and enfording the old Sunday laws and securing the enactment of new ones. Most of the religious de-nominations, if they have not indorsed this Sabbath Union, have taken no ground against it. The Seventh-day AdVentists are a, notable exception. On the broad ground of a complete separation between Church and State, and not because they desire to have the observance of the sev-enth day (Saturday)' enforced by law, they have vigorously opposed the National Sab-bath Union. . . . The arrest of Seventh-day Adventists in four different States of the Union, not for dissipation, but for honest farm labor on Sunday-, looks like an act of revenge, mean and contemptible beyond expeessiOn. The result to-be hoped for is the repeal of these obnoxious laws. --Oakland (Cal.), Daily Times. a census could be taken of the Amer-icans who will not sit in an untaxed church and listen to a gospel whose Founder ordered his followers. to "Render unto Cesar the things that are Ccesar's," and paid his taxes like an honest man to pagans, it might_astonish many who think they are Christians, `and 'do justice to an army of tax-payers who are compelled to pay increased taxes to make 14_111e de-ficiendy caused by exemption-of religious W property. e advise Christians to give this some attention.,--Loyal American. Congress and Sunday Legislation. REPORT OF THE HOUSE COMMITTEE ON SUNDAY MAILS. THE SENTINEL has heretofore (June, 1888, volume 3, number 6), published the report of the Senate of the United States, made January 19; 1829, to which reference has been made in some of the memorials recently printed in these columns. The report was made by Colonel Johnson, of Kentucky, subsequently Vice-President of the' United States, who was then chairman of the Senate Committee on Post-offices and Post-roads. The report was adopted by the Senate, and received the approbation of both press and people. Thus, in the ses-sion of 1829, the Twentieth Congress, the Sunday-law agitators; in the words of one of the memorials, met with " a most signal defeat." So, early the next session, with a " vigor increased by disappointment," they renewed their petitioning, and were more importunate than before. Daily the petitions, representing all parts of the country, came into Congress. According to Mr. Crafts, in the " Sabbath for Man," " four hundred and sixty-seven petitions were sent in from twenty-one States." But this expression of zeal on the part of the religious "reformers," aroused their Christian brethren who preferred to have the Government keep its hands off of re-ligion, and consequently they, too, sent in a few memorials, some of which have been appearing in THE SENTINEL. Another peculiar political event happened about this time that completed the discomfiture of the Sunday-rest advocates. The sen-atorial term 'of Colonel Johnson had ex-pired, and, instead of the Legislature re-turning him 'to the Senate the people sent him to represent them in the House of Representatives. He was immediately appointed chairman of the House Com-mittee on Post-office's and Post-roads, and, as such, received these petitions on the Sunday-mail question. The valiant Col-onel was happy to receive them, and per-fectly willing to present another " Sunday mail report," which he accordingly did at his first opportunity. This report, which was communicated to the House of Repre-sentative's, March 4 and 5, 1830, reads as follows : Mr. Johnson, of Kentucky, from the Committee on Post-offices and Post-roads, to whom had been referred memorials from various parts of the United States, praying for a repeal of so much of the post-office law as authorizes the mail to be transported and opened on Sunday, and to whom had also been referred memorials from other inhabitants of vari-ous parts of the United States remonstrating against such repeal, made the following report:"  That the memorialisti regard the first day of the week as a day set apart by the Creator for religious exercises, and consider the transportation of the mail and the opening of the post-offices on that day the violation of a religious duty, and call for a sup pression of. the practice. Others,. by counter-memorials, are known to en-tertain a different sentiment, believing that no one day of the' week is holier than another. Others, holding the and immutability of the Jewish, Decalogue, believe in the sanctity of the 