8 A.TODOIEZICAN SMN9PITV.IIL.4., VoL. 9, No. 11. out the country, then they are all wrong in this particular, and should change their course at once in this matter. IF it be true that the A. P. A. proposes to accomplish its object by disfranchising or curtailing the political or civil rights of Catholics, that method is certainly wrong. If, however, the A. P. A. pro-poses to accomplish its object by recogniz-ing the political and civil rights of Cath-olics equally with all others, while ab the same time insisting that every citizen and every candidate for office shall faithfully maintain the fundamental principles of the Government, and the plain provisions and intent of the Constitution, then this is certainly right. If the A. P. A. proposes to accomplish its right object by the ap-plication of a religious test in any case, that method is wrong. If the A. P. A. proposes to accomplish its proper object by the test of the fundamental principles of the Government and the provisions of the Constitution in every case, then that method is certainly right. If the A. P. A. should apply even the test of the Consti-tution and the fundamental principles of the Government only to Catholics, this method would be wrong. If the A. P. A. applies this proper test to professed Prot-estants and all others alike, then this is certainly right. If the A. P. A. opposes only Catholic aggression and encroach-ments upon the Government, ;this is not enough. To be right it must oppose " Protestant " aggression and encroach-ment as well, and also every other that infringes to a hairbreadth the funda-mental principles, or the Constitution, of the Government. If the A. P. A. opposes only Catholic interference with the public school, this is not enough, It must equally oppose " Protestant " interference with the public school. If the A. P. A. opposes only religious interference with the public school, this is not enough. To be right and to further its avowed objects the A. P. A. must oppose every shadow and every vestige of Sunday legislation, whether by Congress or State legislatures; it must oppose all Government chaplain-cies whether national or State; it must oppose all assumption on the part of the President of the United States or the gov-ernor of any State of the prerogative of proclaiming religious exercises on any day; it must oppose all appropriations of public money to any churches or religious orders for any purpose whatever; it must oppose this joint resolution, which is now before Congress, to add a religious amend-ment to the national Constitution; it must oppose the assumption, on the part of the judiciary, whether State or national, of insinuating religious matters into their decisions and imposing them upon the people as the lawŠall this must the A. P. A. do if it will make good its avowed object of protecting the American Gov-ernment and people from the domination of the papacy, and prevent the union of Church and State. It may be that.  the,  A. P. A. is doing all this: We sincerely hope so. It may be also that the A. P. A. is doing all this in the right way and ac-complishing the good and proper object of its organization by right methods in all things. This also we sincerely hope it is doing; for, as the object of the A. P. A. is certainly right, we sincerely desire to see all its methods right also, so that it can win. And, indeed, we want it to be right, whether it wins or not. Ł HON. W. P. VILAS, United States Sen- ator from Wisconsin, in a letter to the Catholic Citizen of Milwaukee, condemn-ing and denouncing the A. P. A., says :Š Its, enemies accuse the Catholic Church of aggres-sion. When they point out an act which crosses the line of separation [of Church and State] they may call for its repulsion. But the false charge as the basis of a crusade ought to deceive no man.ŠCopied in Catholic Mirror, January 20, 1894. It is perfectly easy to point out an act of aggression of the Catholic Church which crosses the line. In 1885, the first year of Mr. Cleveland's first administration, while Mr. Vilas himself was a member of Mr. Cleveland's cabinet, the Catholic Church established " The Catholic Bureau of Missions" in Washington, D. C., as stated by Senator Dawes in the Senate July 24, 1890, "for the express purpose of pushing [Catholic] Indian schools on the Govern-ment" for support. She succeeded and has been drawing public money ever since for her church work among the Indians, and in the fiscal year ending June 30, 1893, she received $365,935 of public money for this purpose. And ever since Harri-son's first year there have been calls " for its repulsion." President Harrison tried to repel it, but was forced to confess to the nation that he " found it impossible to do that." Did Senator Vilas vote for this appropriation for 1894, and will he vote for its renewal for 1895 ? or is he doing his duty, under his senatorial oath, to repel it ? BUT it is said, the A. P. A. is a secret organization. This is a queer cry to raise by anybody who knows anything of the papacy. The papacy is the most secret organization that was ever on the earth. And for people who apologize for the papacy to make against other organiza-tions the charge of " secrecy " is entirely characteristic of the spirit of that crafty institution. Senator Vilas remarks on this point, against the A. P. A., thus:Š When a secret organization can make dangerous headway in political affairs among us, it will be time, not for your [Catholics'] special alarm, but for terror to us all. This, in view of Jesuit Thomas Sher-man's late piece of manuscript that slipped out, and in view of the general dangerous headway in political affairs of that mis-tress of secrecy, the papacy, is worthy of a medal for innocence. We are not apol-ogizing for the secrecy of the A. P. A., that is an affair of its ownŠwe are only calling attention to the precious innocence displayed in this sentence, of Senator Vilas'. We may be allowed to remark, however, that neither the A. P A. nor any other organization nor person, can cope with the papacy by secret methods. The papacy being perfect mistress of every method and element of secrecy, there can be no plan of secrecy devised in opposition to her, that can win. She can undermine them all. The Scripture declares that " craft shall prosper " in her hand, and every one is at a disadvantage who at-tempts to oppose her by crafty or secret methods. A. T. J. Spread of Catholicism. ROMAN'CATHOLICISM is spreading rap-idly in the three Scandinavian kingdoms, which have been regarded ever since the days of King Gustavus of Sweden, as the stronghold of Protestantism. So great is the number of proselytes that the Vatican has just placed Denmark, Sweden and Norway under the pastoral care of three  bishops. As usual, a feature of the work of propagation is the establishment of parochial schools, where the younger gen-eration of Scandinavians are being edu-cated in accordance with the doctrines of the Catholic Church.ŠNew York Trib-une. The Limits of Civil Jurisdiction. IN an article in these columns last week it was shown that the conflict between Christianity and the Roman Empire was one involving the rights of conscience. Christianity taught that the fear of God and the keeping of his commandments was the whole duty of man; Rome taught that to be the obedient servant of the State was the whole duty of man. This was the irrepressible conflict. Yet in all this Christianity did not deny to Ca3sar a place; it did not propose to undo the State. It only taught the State its proper place; and proposed to have the State take that place and keep it. Christianity did not dispute the right of the Roman State to be; it only denied the right of that State to be in the place of God. In the very words in which he separated between that which is Caesar's and that which is God's, Christ recognized the rightfulness of Caesar to be; and that there were things that rightfully belong to Caesar, and which were to be rendered to him by Christians. He said, "Render therefore to Caesar the things that are Ca3sar's." In these words he certainly recognized that Ceesar had jurisdiction in certain things, and that within that jurisdiction he was to be re-spected. As Caesar represented the State, in this scripture the phrase represents the State, whether it be the State of Rome or any other State on earth. This is simply the statement of the right of civil govern-ment to be; that there are certain things over which civil government has jurisdic-tion; and that in these things the author-ity of civil government is to be respected. This jurisdiction is more clearly defined in Paul's letter to the Romans, chap. 13: 1-10. There it is commanded, " Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers." In this is asserted the right of the higher powersŠthat is, the right of the StateŠto exercise authority, and that Christians must be subject to that authority. Further it is given as a reason for this, that "there is no power but of God : the powers that be are ordained of God." This not only asserts the right of the State to be and to exercise authority, but it also asserts the truth that the State is an ordinance of God, and the power which it exercises is ordained of God. Yet in this very asser-tion Christianity was held to be antago-nistic to Rome, because it put the God of the Christians above the Roman State, and made the State to be only an ordi-nance of the God of the Christians. For the Roman empire, or for any of the Ro-man emperors, to have recognized the truth of this statement would have been at once to revolutionize the whole system of civil and religious economy of the Ro-mans, and to deny at once the value of the accumulated wisdom of all the gener-ations of the Roman ages. Yet that was the only proper alternative of the Roman State, and that is what ought to have been done. Civil government being thus declared to be of God, and its authority ordained of God, the instruction proceeds : " Who-soever therefore resisteth the power, re-sisteth the ordinance of God; and they 