AUGUST 3, 1893. s.11N7-`1PIN1H,1E,., every person in the United States is shut up to one of two things : either to assent to, or decidedly protest against, the right of Congress to interpret the Bible on this Sabbath question or any other. To assent to it, is to confess the infallibility of Con-gress and thus to put Congress in the place of God. To reject it, and protest against it, is to subject ourselves to the charge of " treason," " anarchy," " atheism," etc., etc., bat at the same time is to maintain the fundamental principles of the Govern-ment of the United States, the funda-mental principles of the Reformation in its purity, the divine principles of Chris-tianity itself as announced by the Lord Jesus, and the divine right of man to freedom before God. The historian of the Reformation has well said : " The estab-lishment of a tribunal charged with the interpretation of the Bible, had terminated only in slavishly subjecting man to man in what should be most unfetteredŠconscience and faith."ŠD'Aubigne, book XIII., chap. VI. Revolt from this thing before, was the emancipation of mankind. This is the only course now to take to be free. They would not serve the beast. Will you now worship this wicked image of the beast ? Everybody in the United States is now shut up to this decision. Which way do you decide ? A. T. J. Ł Ł Ł  Gone Over to Rome. A REV. MR. ADAMS, of this city, a former Episcopal minister, has become a convert to the Church of Rome, and some of his friends profess to discover in his action evidence of an unsound mind. It may be so; but if by this Mr. Adams shows incipient insanity, what shall be said of the all but universal leaning of Protestants towards Rome and Romanism, evidences of which are discernible to-day on every hand ? Rome is all that she claims to be or, she is worse than nothing, as a church, and is indeed the apostate power so graph-ically described in Daniel and the Revela-tion, and for centuries regarded by Prot-estants as antichrist. Rome claims to be the Church. This unchristianizes all the " sects." If Rome is the Church, Prot-estants are no part of the Church. If Rome is not the Church her claim is blas-phemous and she is antichrist. But within the last quarter of a century a great change has taken place in the sen-timent of the Protestant world. Rome is, with the masses of Protestants, no longer antichrist, but one division of the Church of Christ, and this notwithstanding the fact that she has abated nothing of her claims. Thus by admitting that Rome is Christian they unwittingly unchristian-ize themselves. Then, instead of it being regarded as an evidence of insanity for one to become reconciled to " the Church," should it not rather be considered the highest wisdom ?ŠWe mean from the standpoint of the milk-and-water Prot-estant who has already given his case away by acknowledging that Rome is Christian. Moreover, every man recognizes the truth that the Church of Christ must have an infallible standard, an ultimate source of appeal, an end of all contro-versy. Protestants formerly had this in the sacred Scriptures. Catholics have it in " the Church" herself and in the Pope the head of "the Church." Now Protestants almost universally repudiate the Scrip-tures as the all-sufficient and infallible  guide, and must walk either in sparks of their ovD n kindling or else turn to Rome, as Mr. Adams has done. Mr. Adams has only followed to its logical conclusion the road that the great mass of Protestants have been traveling for years. It is the wrong road, but it is no more wrong in its termination than at its beginning. And they who are in it are Protestants only in name, whether they have the courage to travel it all the way or not. There can be no compro-mise between Christ and antichrist. C. P. B. Some Opinions of the Religious Press. THE Christian Advocate of this city, calls the closing of the Fair on Sunday " Compulsory Right Doing," and says :Š The course of the directory has been such from the beginning that one cannot be sure that it is not no w trying to hoodwink Christian people. What-ever it may hereafter do, it has broken the contract and is morally bound to pay that money back to the Government. Its past conduct affords no guar-antee that it would not close for two months, to draw Christians and thereby swell its receipts, and then, feeling safe, open on the remaining Sundays. The New York Observer calls it the "Failure of Sunday Opening," and says :Š Sunday opening of the World's Fair has proved a failure, and hereafter the gates will be closed on the first day of the week. The vote of the local di-rectory, taken on Friday last, rescinding its former action, was overwhelminglyin favor of closin g, stand-ing twenty-four to four. It was a vote, however, forced by the commercial failure of Sunday open-ing, and in no wise a voluntary concession to the religious and law-abiding sentiment of the Nation. The directory is wholly mercenary, and in closing the Exposition on the Sabbath has regard only to the pecuniary profits of the enterprise, as it had in opening it on that day. Had open gates on the Lord's day proved remunerative, they would have remained open throughout the term of the Fair, and the laws of God, of Congress and of the direc-tory itself have been defied and trampled on just as they have been for the past two months. They are closed solely under the compulsion of financial loss. Neither fear of God nor regards for man have in-fluenced action in the least. The only factor to which attention has been paid was the steady diminution of receipts from Sunday admissions to a point below the actual operating expenses for the day, and the patent impossibility of making any arrangement by which attendance could be made remunerative. The directory has been defeated and put to shame and unable to compel exhibitors to keep open their exhibits and to bear the financial loss resulting from its dishonest act, has offered the public the only reparation possible for its violation of solemn obligations and its desecration of the Sabbath day. But it has yielded only in order to make money. The Examiner (Baptist) treats it as "An Instructive Failure," and thus assigns the reason of the final decision to close the gates on Sunday :Š It was confidently predicted that the opening of the gates on Sunday would result in doubling or trebling the attendance. As a matter of fact, the Sunday attendance began at a little over seventy-one thousand and had fallen to less than forty-four thousand on the last Sunday the gates were open. The plea for a Sunday opening was made in behalf of the poor workingman, but the poor work-ingman proved not to be so great a fool as the average Chicago newspaper takes him to be. When he goes to the Exposition he wants to see the whole show, not half the show. But the managers are powerless to give him a whole show on Sunday. A considerable part of the buildings were closed on Sunday, and in the buildings that were open a con-siderable part of the exhibits were covered. The poor workingman sensibly staid away from this half show, and manages to go when he can see everything. The Christian Statesman, entirely un-mindful of the fact that the Lord cares no more for Sunday than for any other of " the six working days " (Ezek. 46 :1), hails the closing as "A Triumph of Right-eousness," and exclaims:Š Hallelujah ! The Lord God omnipotent reigneth! By an overwhelming majority of the Board of Directors of the Columbian Fair it has been decided to close the gates hereafter on the Lord's day. Our readers will agree with us that this is a tri-umph for righteousness such as the world has sel- dom witnessed. All the more significant because of the reason compelling this decision. These reasons do not appear in the resolutions adopted by the directory in their final decision. No, these officials were true to their character for evasion and insincerity to the last. They recite in the resolution adopted in deciding to close, that the gates had been opened in response to the petitions of a large majority of the "public" and are now closed because of the disproportion between the numbers that are compelled to work seven days in the week if the Fair is kept open and the numbers attending on the Sabbath. This is simply a coward's excuse. The reasons for open-ing the gates were two-fold, viz., the greed of the managers for gain and a malicious intent toward the Christian religion. But no matter nowŠthese enemies of righteousness have been put to shame before the eyes of the whole world. A more con-spicuous subversion of evil designs and triumph of righteousness it is not possible to conceive. Let God have all the glory. These men made a pit and digged it deep and proposed to bury the American Sabbath out of sight, and, lo! they are fallen into it themselves. Experience is a dear school but fools will learn in no other. While not strictly a press opinion, the following from a sermon by Joseph Cook, in Chicago, July 23, is to the point:Š Greed and the sordid avariciousness of men opened the gates of Jackson Park; the unholy and idolatrous worship of that most abject, degenerate and pitiful god, Mammon. Greed has also been the instrument by which the directors have closed the gates of the white city to-day. And yet this closing is heralded to the world as a " great moral " victory, even as was the action of Congress in making Sunday-closing a condition of the gift of the souvenir coins ; and this notwith-standing the fact that neither result is due to any higher motive than the hope of gain. Congress yielded to the demands of the churches in the first place under threat of political boycott, and the implied promise of votes if the action were taken. And now, the directors finding that there was no money in a Sunday Fair, have closed the gates for the purpose of secur-ing the support and patronage of the Sunday people who would otherwise boy-cott the Fair. If this is a moral victory, then is bribery virtue and greed is godli- ness ! C. P. B. The Sphere of Civil Government. THE Nashville Christian Advocate, the general organ of the Methodist Episcopal Church South, published an article re-cently in which the position was taken that " with it [the religious Sabbath] the State can have nothing to do." This statement has given offense to some of the Advocate's readers, and one of them takes the editor to task, as follows :Š In the Advocate of the 15th inst. is an editorial, " The Sabbath, Religious and Civil," against which I enter a solemn protest. . . . I am in my eighty-third yeas; and have been for a long time an hum-ble member of the Methodist Church. I trust you will lose no time in correcting the impression that your editorial has made upon me and others. The general tone of the whole editorial is exceptionable, the gist of it being summed up in the following sentence : " So much for the purely religious Sab-bath, with which the State has and can have noth-ing to do." There is not a Christian government on earth but does, and ought to, recognize the Sabbath as a holy day established as such by God himself. With the different religions the govern-ment has nothing to do. It does not claim some to be true and others false, but it does hold that the Sabbath is not only a day of rest, but a holy day; it does not consider civil contracts entered into on that day as binding and legal. Whether you in-tended it or not, the article in question conveys the impression that you look upon the matter of closing the Columbian Exposition solely from a civil 