NOVEMBER 21, 1895. A.IVIIEt,11 CAN SIEN71711INTILA. 367 on the seventh thou shalt rest from all thy works. And this Sabbath was kept by the people of God all along up to the time when Christ and the apostles passed through the wheat field and shelled some wheat to eat, and were unjustly accused of breaking the Sab- bath. Now that was a religious question with those people in those days. They were keep-ing that commandment of our God, to work on the six days of the week and rest on the seventh, as a memorial of the fact that God had worked six days of the week and rested on the seventh. It was a memorial of the rest of God, just like the ordinance of the Lord's supper is a memorial of Christ's death for sinners. With reference to the moral law in this, the Adventists believe that if they discharge their conscientious duty to God, it is their duty to rest on the Sabbath. Now, in my town, we do not speak of a Sabbath school, but it is a Sunday school. So we do not refer to this Sunday as a sabbath at all; it is simply Sun-day. Do you know how Sunday as the Sab-bath came about ? Why the emperor Con-stantine said that the Almighty did not know what he did when he established the seventh-day Sabbath, and said he, I shall pass an edict to worship on the first day, Sunday. The pope of Rome, after Constantine had issued that proclamation, addressed to the world an edict establishing the first day of the week as the sabbath. So they said, We are going to have a new sabbath here. God says, You must keep the seventh day that I rested on; you must rest on that day as a memorial of my rest from my labors; but Constantine says, We' will keep another day, and the pope of Rome says, We will keep another. That is the simple and brief origin of Sun-day as a sabbath. We have conformed to this Catholic precedent and joined in and keep the, first day of the week instead of the sev-enth. But how about a man who has con-scientious scruples on this subject? What would you think of a man that pre-tended to be a follower of the meek and lowly Jesus, who, if there was a law in the State in which he lived that says, "Thou shalt com-mit adultery," though the moral law says, " Thou shalt not commit adultery," would in compliance with the State law commit adultery ? What would you think of a man who pretended to be a follower of God, and who thought it was his duty to keep the seventh day, and because he thought the law required it, would go and violate the law of his God in obedience to the State law ? A man who cannot defend his conscientious belief any more than that, is not a good American citizen. These people believe that the seventh day is the one upon which they should rest, and in which they must worship God, and then they go along and labor six days and do it so as not to disturb anybody. What sort of a nuisance was it to go in there and nail those planks on his house to keep out the cold ? This fellow who is witness in this case is over-particular. He is exactly like the Pharisee who shouted out for to crucify the Saviour because he had violated the Sab-bath day. Supposing some fellows should pass a law in this part of the country to the effect that you shall not any more break bread nor drink wine in the commemoration of the death of our Saviour. Would not every earnest Chris-tian disregard that law and go along celebrat-ing the ordinances in the same way, and keep that memorial service ? Why, gentlemen, this Sabbath memorial is like the monuments that mark the places of heroic deeds on the battle field of Chickamauga; a stone that marks the  place of some still loved dead. It is sacred in the bosom of those who honestly believe in the seventh-day Sabbath. Now, gentlemen of the jury, in this free America, the home of the oppressed of all the earth, where a man can come under the glori-ous protection of the Constitution, and wor-ship God according to the dictates of his own conscience, where there can be no religious tests required; this free America, are you prepared to say that when these men have simply exercised what they believed to be their conscientious duty, and have conscientiously kept the commanded law of the Lord Al-mighty, that they have committed a nuisance? Gentlemen of the jury, I know a great many of you, and those that I do not know, I can see honesty and intelligence beaming out of your countenances; and I have too much confidence in you to believe that you will pronounce a verdict other than " not guilty." Ł-tŁ Ł  SHALL RELIGIOUS PERSECUTION CONTINUE [Rev. K T. Hiscox, D. D., in the Examiner, Nov. 7.] No man who deserves the name of Baptist, and is worthy to share the honorable history of the fathers who suffered in New England, Virginia and elsewhere, two and a half cen- turies ago, not to mention earlier times, but will protest against the application of civil tests to matters of faith, or the infliction of civil penalties for dissent in matters of reli-gion, no matter who may be the sufferers. Every man has equal rights with every other man in concerns of conscience and religion. Baptist and Pedobaptist, Protestant and Ro-manist, Mormon and Pagan, all stand on com-mon ground as to the rights of faith and wor-ship, so long as no one else is wronged, or his rights invaded by their means. The recent cases of prosecutionŠpersecu-tion, it has very properly been calledŠhave been aimed almost exclusively at the Seventh-day Baptists, for engagino-6  in secular employ-ment on Sunday, they observing Saturday as their Sabbath. The Seventh-day Baptists and Seventh-day Adventists are separate and dis-tinct denominations. With the former I have been familiarly acquainted from my child-hood. More quiet, orderly and industrious people can nowhere be found than they, nor better citizens. And as Christians, none are more consistent, devout or loyal to their con-victions and their creeds. As to the Advent-ists, I have no personal knowledge. But in the numerous cases in which they have been before the courts, as law-breakers, for working on Sundays, the testimony of witnesses, law-yers, and even of the judges, has almost uni-formly been that, except in that one thing, they were good citizens, kind neighbors, and men of most praise-worthy character and up-right conduct. The Sunday work for which they have been prosecuted, fined and impris-oned has usually been some trivial matter, like cutting wood for the fire, or hoeing in the garden, and seldom, if ever, in sight of a place of Sunday worship, and very seldom even in sight of a human habitation. Those who have informed against them have usually discovered them at work by accident, or spied them out for the purpose of having them arrested. These facts appear on their trials, and are as dishonorable to those who inform against them as they are to the States which enact and maintain statutes so detestable, and so capable of being made instruments of oppression to persons innocent of all crime save differences of religious opinion. Ł Ł Ł These shameful transactions have been going  on up to this year of grace, 1895. They are going on now. Religious persecution did not cease with the Dark Ages, nor confine itself to barbarous lands. . . . The base work goes on, and religious tests continue to be en-forced against good citizens and otherwise blameleSs Christian men. " IN THE HEART OF THE SIERRAS." WE are pleased to receive orders for that beautiful and interesting book, "In the Heart of the Sierras, or Yosemite Valley," and to make a present of a year's subscription to the AMERICAN SENTINEL to each purchaser of the book, at the following reduced prices:Š In cloth, plain edges, - $2.75 " " gold " - 3.25 " Sheep, marbled " - 3.75 " Half morocco, gold edges, 5.00 " Full '' " " very fine, - 6.00 This book makes a most acceptable holdiday present, Sent to any address postpaid, on receipt of price. The book may be ordered to one address, the SENTINEL to another. c,--41 THE "CYCLONE" STILL WHIRLS! SWEEPING EVERYTHING CLEAN BEFORE IT. SEE WHAT THE PEOPLE SAY ! We are having splendid success selling the "Cyclone." The last shipment came this morning, and had not been here an hour before they were all at work, and every one is giving satisfaction. One test was on clothes worn by men who work in the Twist Drill works, and they were full of grease and iron, but the " Cyclone " was equal to it, and the people were well pleased with the work. A. S. GARMON & SONS, Akron, Ohio. Moms COON BROS., Battle Creek, Mich., Gentlemen: The "Cyclone" far surpassed our expectation. We were afraid to risk a trial order as you said so little about it in your "ad," but after using it we think that like the glory of Solomon, " the half has not been told." I would like the agency for this county. CHAS. GRIM, Coal City, Ind. The Law of God as Changed by the Papacy Is the title of a large Chart just issued, which shows in a striking manner the blasphemous pre-tentious of the Papal power. The testimony of the Best Catholic Authorities is given, and shows, by quoting their own words, that Sunday is a child of the Catholic Church. These quotations, together with admissions from standard Catholic works, are arranged in parallel columns on either side of this Chart, while the center column contains the Ten Commandments as taught by the Catholic Church. The whole forms a collection of extracts of incalcu-lable value for every Bible student. The Charts are three by four feet in size, and are printed on heavy map cloth in bold type, easily read across the largest room. Price, Post-paid, $1.00. A fac-simile edition on thin paper, size 5 x inches, suitable for missionary distribution, has been prepared, and will be sent post-paid at 50 cents per hundred, or $4.00 per thousand. PACIFIC PRESS, 43 BOND STREET, New York City. Oakland, Cal. Kansas City, Mo. CHOICE APPLES AND POTATOES In Barrel or Car-load Lots . . . AT REASONABLE FIGURES. CHESTNUTS AND MAPLE SYRUP Write, F. W. BARTLE, Norwich, N. Y. Wholesaler of Fruits and Health, Foods. 