THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 95 tional Reform movement is not in any degree Whatever connected with the work of Christ, and that consequently it is not in any degree whatever a work of genuine reform. Says Dr. McAllister: "A question like this must begin with the educated classes." Yes, that is true, hat it only goes to, prove that "a question like this " can never be for the bene-fit of the body of the people; it only proves that this question does not embody any real reform. The words of Wendell Phillips fit in here precisely:, "No reform, moral or intel-lectual, ever came down from the upper classes of society." Yet this is the very way in which this National Reform question "must " be car-ried; and one of the main reasons is that by means of the upper classes the lower may be reached. And that is the secret of the long list of Rev.'s, D. D.'s, LL.D.'s, Ph. D.'s, etc., etc., which composes the figure-head vice--presidency of the National Reform Associa-tion. The influence of that figurehead  list of names has done and will do ten times more to give currency to National Reform than AO appeal to the sober convictions of men can ever do. And that is the very use that is made Of it too. When in examining the pro-posals and claims of the Nattiional Reform movement, anyone sees the danger to relig-ious liberty and our free institutions, that in-heres in it, they at once propose to silence all objections and delay all fears by some such astonished (?) argument as this "What! would you pretend to imply that stash emi-nent diVines, such distinguished and tial men, as these would do anything, white' for la moment would endanger -the liberties :7t, any person? Impossible. Nothing Could he more abhorrent to these eminent men than such a thing as that." Anti then under the direct influence of the names of theSe influential men, they deliberately set forth such abomi-nable propositions as that the civil power has right to compel the consciences of men; that all dissenters from National Reform doctrines shall be treated as lunatics and .conspirators -and' sent to the devil in somtt wild, desolate land, where they shall say till they AN and 'that the Roman CatOlic Bibb, instruction, and worship, shall be orviaL ished in the pub-lic schools wherever the  Catholics ,are in, the majority. In the Jstimation of all fair-minded men such 1gopositio4 as these are enough to condemn to 111)iversal detestation and eternal infamy any association that would set them forth. Yet under the influ-ence of the names of these eminent men these very propositions, and many more of like tenor, are published throughout the length and breadth of this land, almost entirely un-questioned;  and with scarcely a protest, ex-cept by the AMERICAN SENTINEL alone; while the men who advocate the infamous proposi-tions are received and indorsed by ecclesiasti-cal bodies, welcomed by the churches, and fra-ternized and supported by the Woman's Chris-tian Temperance Union. Ł " BUT in vain they do worship me, teaching for dOctrines the commandments of men." Christianity under Our Constitution. THE American Churches have no official connection with the State. They stand on a basis of perfect equality before the law. They are all equally protected by the State in their rights of property and in the public exercise of their religion according to their conscien-tious convictions, but none is supported or - ruled by the Government. The first amendment to the Federal Consti-tution -is the Magna Charta of our religious liberty. It abolishes the tyranny of a State' religion, and cuts persecution by the root; it forbids the establishment by law of any par-ticular Church or sect, and, at -the same time, guarantees full freedom in the -exercise of re-ligion to all denominations of Christians. This is all the Church can desire and ask from the State. She is thrown on the prin-ciple of self-support and self-government, as in the first three centuries, and enjoys, at the same time, the protection of the law, which was denied her in those centuries of persecu-tion. Here we have not the odious distinc-tion between churchmen and dissenters, con-formists and nonconformists, Churches and sects. Here no one need apologize for being a " dissenter," as even in liberal England, where dissent is tabooed and socially ostracized-. No Church has a right to say, " We are the Church, or the American Church ; all the rest are sects." Such language' has no legal meaning; it is simply presumptuous and absurd. But while the State has no official connec-tion with the Church, and no right to interfere with her internal affairs, the nation, in an un-official way, is as closely allied to Christianity as, yea, more closely than, in- any European country where Church and State are united. The reason of this lies in the fact that religion grows and prospers best in the atmosphere of freedom. Compulsory religion is apt to breed hypocrisy and infidelity. Our American in-fidelity is mostly imported from the State Churches of Europe. This is a significant fact, and a strong argument for free Churches. De Tocqueville, one of the most philosophic observers of the democratic institutions of America, and a liberal Roman Catholic, ex-pressed the conviction that "there is no country in the whole world in which the Christian religion retains a greater influence over the souls of men than in America." A forty-four years' residence in the United States, and a dozen visits to nearly every part of Europe, have brought me to the same conclu-sion, or, "rather, I formed it long before I read De Tocqueville's " Democracy in America." In Roman Catholic countries and in Russia there is more historic faith and superstition in the lower classes, more skepticism and in-difference in the higher classeS, than in Prot-estant countries. Germ .ny, Switzerland, and Holland are honeycombed by rationalism. In England and Scotland there is more vital Christianity than in any part of the Conti-nent, because there is more religious freedom there. But in the United States Christianity has the strongest hold upon all classes of society,--Prql Philip Schaff, Q. D., LL.D. ' VIEWS OF NATIONAL REFORM. PACKAGE NO. 1, 184 PAGES, 20 CENTS. Tuts package contains thirteen tracts treating upon the va-rious phases of the National Reform movement, as follows:Š NO. PAGES. 1. Religious Legislation,  8 2. Religious Liberty,  8 3. National Reform and the Rights of Conscience,....16 4. The American Papacy,.  16 5. Bold and Base Avowal,  16 6. National Reform is Church and State,  16 7. Purity of National Religion,  8 8. The Salem witchcraft,  8 9. What Think Ye of Christ?   8 10. National Reformed Constitution and the American Hierarchy,    24 11. The Republic of Israel,  8 12. National Reformed Presbyterianism, . 32 13. The National Reform Movement an Absurdity,  16 The above package will be sent post-paid to any address for twenty cents. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, Oakland, Cal. IN THE HEHRT OF THE &ERE'S, BY J. M. HUTCHINGS. Tuts new work is a complete historical and descriptive sum,  mary of the wonderful Yo Semite Valley and Big Tree Groves. The author, Mr. Hutchings, is an old pioneer, and has for more than 20 years resided in the Valley. He took the first sketches of it that were ever taken, and was the first to make its MARVELOUS GRANDEUR KNOWN TO THE WORLD. The work is complete in one volume of nearly 600 pages, and is illustrated with over 150 illustrations, 28 of which are BEAUTIFUL FULL-PAGE ARTOTYPES. These artotypes are the most charmingly characteristic of any illustrations ever produced, and are perfectly true to life, having been photographed from nature. Sold only by subscription. Agents wanted everywhere. For prices and terms, Address, PACIFIC PRESS, Oakland, Cal. "IN THE HEART OF THE SIERRAS." WE give below a very few of the hundreds of testimonials received. Please read what others say "The most reliable and important book of its kind that has ever been issued."ŠJoaquin Miller. "The illustrations, the text, the whole atmosphere of the volume, are worthy of their great subject, the Yo Semite. What can I say.  more?"ŠRev. Joseph Cook, Boston, Mass. "Reads with all the charm of a romance."ŠS. F. Hotel Gazette. "I have nothing but praise and thanks for your delightful narrative."ŠChas. T. Whitmell, Inspector of Schools, England. "Never before has Yo Semite been so strikingly brought to view in illustration."ŠSacramento —Record-Union. " The thought-pictures behind the types are even more to the life than those drawn by the pencil."Š: M. Louise Thomas, Philadelphia. "The descriptive portions of the work are breezy and interesting."ŠSacramento Bee. "Mr. Hutchings knows more of Yo Semite than all the world besides."ŠRev. Joseph Worcester, S. F "Your descriptions are so real that when reading them my husband and I agreed that we were again back in the Valley on our last year's pleasant trip." ŠBeatrice E. Bose, San Rafael, Cal. "It is a truthful, interesting, and instructive work." ŠGalen Clark, for sixteen years the Valley's guardian. PACIFIC HEALTH JOURNAL AND TEMPERANCE ADVOCATE. A THIRTY-TWO PAGE MONTHLY MAGAZINE, devoted to the dis-semination of true temperance principles, and instruction iu the art of preserving health. It is emphatically " A JOURNAL FOR THE PEOPLE. Containing what everybody Wants to know, and is thoroughly practical. Its range of subjects is unlimited, embracing every-thing that in any way effects the health. Its articles being short and pointed, it is specially adapted to farniers, mechan-ics, and housekeepers, who have but little leisure for reading. It is just the journal that every family needs, and may be read with Profit by all. Price, 81.00 per year. Address, PACIFIC PRESS, Publishers, Oakland, Ca 