206   Vol, 9. No. 26. A NILE, piety ; " or, as a greater than any man has said, " He that hath my commandments .and keepeth them, he it is that loveth me; and he that loveth me shall be loved of my Father, and I will love him, and we will come unto him and make our abode with him." It is the last two paragraphs that contain the nonsense. There is no righteousness but of God, and that comes to men only through faith in the Lord Jesus Christ. And what has the Lexow investigation to do with faith in Christ ? But what else can we expect of those who "discover that corporations have souls that need convert-ing to righteousness"! Righteousness is a personal matter and comes only from the indwelling of Christ in the individual soul. Corporations can deal justly, they can conduct an honest business, but they can not, as corporations, have righteous-ness. The thought that civility, mere outward conformity to rules of right be-tween man and man, is righteousness, is the very taproot of the National Reform heresy. It is an enemy of soul-liberty, and a soul-destroying error. Religious Persecution in Maryland. Church Hill, Md., Juno 15, 1894. EDITORS AMERICAN SENTINEL: Another one of our brethren here, Wm. G. Curlett, was arrested to-day for working on Sun-day, June 3, and 10. He was brought before the magistrate and found guilty, although the testimony in the June 3 case was false, in that the witness swore he saw him at work between 8 and 9 o'clock in the morning, when, as a matter of fact, Brother Curlett was in bed until about 4 o'clock, P. M., being sick that day. The church member who is engineering these malicious persecutions of our people, is a constable, who procures evidence by the detective plan; not for love of the violated law, but from pure malice and hatred against our work. The peculiarity of the Maryland Sunday law is that it is only worked against Ad-ventists, as it is well known and admitted that Sunday keepers(?) violate the law, and yet no attempt is made to punish them. S. B. HORTON. Applying Church Discipline in Civil Government. Advice to Sabbath Defense Committees. CIVIL government is a divine institution. ŠRomans 13: 1-7. Therefore: 1st. Realize that your duties are a de-partment of that work to which your Lord and Master has called you. 2nd. Undertake the work in his name and in the spirit of his gospel. 3rd. When an offense against the law is known to you, in the spirit of Matthew 18: 15-20, send one of your members, wisely selected, to talk to him (or her); whose duty it shall be to show the offender wherein he is violating the law and try to persuade him to desist, giving him reason-able time to consider the matter, if neces-sary. If reformation does not follow this effort within a reasonable time send a committee of two of your members that they make another and similar effort. Success will often crown the first, or sec-ond effort, but if not and you are convinced that other and more effective measures must be resorted to, make formal and definite complaint to the proper civil °facer, requesting him to do his duty as  prescribed by the law and in his oath of office. 4th. If the said official ref use or fail to perform his duty, make complaint in writ-ing to his superior in office. 5th. If all this results in disappoint-ment and failure, one of two things re-mains, either secure the impeachment of the delinquent official and his consequent removal; or institute process in law against the violator, if he still continues the of-fense; remembering complaint must be made within seventy-two hours after the offense is committed. 6th. Through the pastors of the churches secure the appointment of one Lord's day annually, when a sermon on the question of the Sabbath shall be preached from every pulpit. 7th. See to it that a representative del-egation attend every county or State Sab-bath convention.ŠPennsylvania Sabbath Association, in Christian Statesman. -¨  A Pernicious Measure. INDIAN appropriation bill H. R. 6913, is the bill pending in Congress, the passage of which would enable the Romish Church to secure $400,000 of public money. Twenty-nine Indian schools are mentioned in the bill, and the average amount of money for each pupil per annum, would amount to $167.ŠLoyal American. -4-.  A Triumphal Entry. AN event of the greatest importance, as indicating the flourishing condition of Catholic interests in the East was the recent triumphal entry into Jerusalem of the Rev. Father Aurelio Bujo, the newly appointed Custodian of the Holy Land. From the time of his arrival at Jaffa, all were convinced that the new custodian was the object of the greatest interest, as was manifested by the sympathy shown for him, not only by the mass of the peo-ple, but by the Turkish authorities. On the arrival of the Rev. Father Aurelio at Jerusalem, he was received at the station by the consuls of all the Catholic nations, by the Turkish authorities, and by the entire body of Catholics. And in addition to the enthusiasm thus manifested by the people, and the civil authorities, a body of Turkish cavalry was sent out to escort the new custodian to his residence.ŠCath-olic Review. Ł -4. .  THIS item of news and the comment upon the fact stated are from the Christian Advocate of this city :Š Four, if not five, young men of Harvard University were drowned on a recent Sunday while sailing. Our readers will not suppose that we believe that these five were especially selected by God for destruction because they were sailing on Sunday. Nevertheless, so long as genuine reverence exists for that day, the sadness of their taking off will in many minds be intensified by the time when it occured. The habit and principle of making a distinction between the work and the amusements of other days, and a rational ob-servance of the first day as specially dedicated to the worship of God and to philanthropic work, unquestion-ably contribute to safety, to health, to prolonged mental force and balance, no less than to the predominance of the spiritual over the ever-encroaching materialism of modern life. The italics are just as the Advocate gave them. Oh no,. it would not imply that these young men were drowned because they were sailing on Sunday, butŠwell it is much safer not to trespass upon the sacred(?) day. And so it goes; every ac-cident and incident that can be used at all  to awe anybody into Sunday observance is pressed into the service of the counter-feit Sabbath, a day of which the Scrip-tures say nothing except as an ordinary day. It is one of the six days given to man for labor, but men have exalted it to the place that rightfully belongs to the seventh day and then, without the fear of God before them, try to make it appear that he protects their man-made institu-tion by a special providence. Will he not one day demand of them : " Who hath required this at your hand ?" As good a comment as we have seen recently on Luke 21 : 25, 26, is furnished in these words by an Iowa paper of recent date :Š Raging rivers, bursting dams, death dealing cyclones, murderous anarchists, restless monarchs, idle wage earners, trembling hearts, starving thousandsŠa few of the week's items. And these things are simply the begin-ning of the end. " The darkest hour is just before day." The long dark night of sin is nearly past. Eternal day is soon to dawnŠbut not for all. The prophet says: " The morning cometh, and also the night." Isa. 21 : 12. Only "to those who look for him shall he appear the second time without sin unto salvation." Heb. 9 : 28. THE following, from the Mail and Ex-press, is quite remarkable for that paper: On Sunday afternoon Mr. Stephen T. Moen, the "Liberty" agent, at No. 1786 Broadway, was arrested for an alleged violation of the Sabbath. The officer who made the arrest claims that Mr. Moen sold bim twelve cent bottle of his celebrated Liberty Cycle Oil. This Mr. Moen denies. Mr. Moen was brought up be-fore Judge Voorhees in Yorkville Police Court this morning and was held under $100 bonds to appear in Special Sessions for this unprecedented crime. "The leading evening paper" should find no fault with even the most rigid en-forcement of the Sunday law; it has al-ways defended religious legislation and a Puritanical Sunday. If the principle is wrong in the case Of a bottle of Cycle Oil it is wrong in everything else. The prin-ciple is wrong; why cannot the Mail and Express see it ? CONGRESS is hearing some very whole-some truths in connection with the discus-sion of the various religious bills or bills more or less directly affecting religious institutions. In the House on the 14th inst. Mr. Bowers, of California, said :Š Mr. Chairman, I am not a member of any church; but so far as my observation has gone there is not much difference in these denominations; they are much alike; but I want to call your attention to the scene presented in this House during the last week. This House has witnessed an acrimonious religious debate, brought on through appropriations made for the support of sectarian schools. It is a question that you must meet sometime, and very soon, and I think my amendment meets ft.ŠCongressional Record, June 15, page 7448. Mr. Bowers' amendment reads as fol- lows :Š Provided, That from and after the first day of July, 1896, no money shall be appropriated or expended for the transportation of any pupil to or from any Indian school, nor for the support and education of any Indian at any school except such as is located on or near an Indian reservation or convenient thereto, and under Government control, and excepting also the public schools of any State or Territory. Of course, the Congress of the United States was not prepared to adopt anything so sound and far-reaching as this. The Roman Catholic lobby has too firm a hold upon the Government to allow any such action now. The contract schools will get their money as usual, 