THE AMERICAN' SENTINEL,. 261 ernment except our own was granted in Rome, and was enjoyed by all, both pa-gans arid Christians, until apostate Chris-tians themselves sought to establish in Rome a man-made theocracy and denied to others the very rights which only a few years before they had claimed for them-selves. And in so doing they violated not only the principles for which they had formerly contended but they set at nought the fundamental law of Christianity it-self, as laid down by its Author : " All things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them." C. P. B. The Gospel; What It Is, and Its Work As Opposed to the Mystery of Iniquity.* Now let us take our bearings again, that we may fairly enter upon the examin-ation of another point. Out of that first falling away came the mystery of iniq-uity. And as that mystery of iniquity was the Papacy, and is the Papacy, it is important for us 'to know how that thing came in, just what place it occupied there, when it appeared, and how it appeared. As the apostle says, there was a falling away. Self-exaltation of the bishopric and all kinds of different amusements and ceremonies were adopted, also the taking up with the heathen philosophy and sci-ence, in order to facilitate the conversion of the. heathen. These men had forsaken the mystery of God, had left the power of God behind ; and when they found that they had lost the power of God, and could not influence men any longer to yield obe-dience to God, then they sought the power of earthly governments, by which they would compel men to yield obedience to the church.  In Constantine's time there was the working of this power; this apostate church, this formation of. the mystery of, iniquity, doing its utmost to secure con-trol of the civil power and compel men to conform to the dogmas and the discipline of this apostate form of religion, which called itself Christianity. Now I want to call your attention to a few facts in con-, nection with that. For just then there came in a series of events, a series of steps, that are worth considering now by every one who would know how to detect the rise of the image of the mystery of iniq-uity. In the beginning of the fourth century. there was in the Tioman empire. a' power-ful ecclesiastical organization, the leaders and managers of -which were " only anx-,, ions to assert the government as .a kind of sovereignty for themselves."ŠEusehlus', Ecclesiastical HiStory,. boOk 8, chap: 1. While " it, was: the-  hope of every bishop in the empireto.make politics a branch of. theology," " it was the aim of Constantine. to make theology a. branch of politics," In an intrioaie therefore with Constantine, they succeeded, in ,bartering to him their influence and power in theology for his in politics., As one of the very first fruits of this,. Constantine was established in the rulership of one half of the Roman empire. Jointly with Licinius, he then issued the, Edict of Milan, reversing the persecuting edicts of Diocletian, and grant-ing "liberty and fall freedom to the Christians to observe their own mode of *Frotn a sermon delivered by 4. T. Jones, at Battle Creek, Mich., July 9, 1892, as reported and published in the Review and Herald. worship;" granting "likewise to the Christians and to all, the free choice to follow that mode of worship which they may wish; ". " that. each may have the privilege to select and to worship whatso-ever divinity he pleases; " and command-ing that the churches and the church property which had been confiscated by Diocletian, should be restored to " the whole body of Christians," " and to each conventicle respectively."ŠId., book 10, chap. 5. This was all just and proper enough, and innocent enough, in itself and on its face, if that had been all there was to V. But behind it there lay the ecclesiastical organization, ambitious to assert the gov-ernment as a kind of sovereignty for it-self, and that yeligio-political intrigue which had been entered into to feed and satisfy this ambition. - This ecclesiastical organization likewise claimed to be the legitimate and only true representative and depository of Christianity ,in the worldŠit was the Catholic Church. And no sooner had the Edict of Milan ordered the restoration of property to the Chris-tians, than it was seized upon and made an issue by which to secure the imperial recognition and the legal establishment of the Catholic Church, The rule_ had, long before been estab-lished that all who did not agree with the bishops of the Catholic Church were nec-essarily heretics, and not Christians at all; it was now claimed by the Catholic 'Church that therefore none such were en-, titled to any benefit -from the edict restor-ing property to the Christians. In other words, the Catholic Church disputed the right of any others than Catholics to re-ceive property or money under the Edict of Milan, by disputing their right to the title of Christians. And by this issue the Catholic Church forced au imperial de-cision as to who were Christians. And, under the circumstances, by the power and influence which she held, .and by what she had already done in behalf of Constan-tine, it was a foregone conclusion, if not the concerted plan, that this decision would be in favor of the Catholic Church. Consequently, Constantine's edict to the proconsul. contained these words It is our will that when thou shalt receive this epistle, if any of those things belonging to the Catholic Church of the Christians in the several cities or other Waces, are now possessed either by the decurions or any others, these thou shalt cause immediately to be restored to their churches. Since we have previously determined, that whatsoever these same churches before possessed should be re-stored to them. That was not what was said at all., It was not " the Catholic Church " to which the edict said the property was to be re- stored; .it was to Christians alone, to  "the whole body. 'o£ Christians." But, mark you, just as quick as that was said, the Catholic Church made a turn upon that word " Christian," and forced a decision by the.imperial authority as to who were the. Christians intended. And as she had given him her-  influence in politics, he did not dare 'to say otherwise; because if he should,-she would swing her influence over to .Licinius or some other one, and he would become emperor. She had po-litical power in her hands, and she used it. Nor was it enough that the emperor should decide that all these favors were for "the Catholic Church of the ChriS-tians." Immediately there were two parties claiming to be the Catholic Church.,  Therefore, the emperor was obliged next -to decide, which was the Catholic  Church. This question was immediately raised and disputed, and in consequence an edict was drawn from Constantine, ad-dressed to the same proconsul (of the prov-ince of Africa), in which were these words :Š It is my will that these men, within the prov-inces intrusted to those in the Catholic Church over which Ccecilianus presides, who give their,  services to this holy religion, and whom they com-monly call clergy, shall be held totally free and ex-empt from all public offices, etc. The party over which Ccilianus pre- sided in Africa was the party which was in communion with the bishop of Rome. The other party then drew up along series of charges against Cmcilianus, and sent them to the emperor with a petition that he would have the case examined by the bishops of Gaul. Constantine was in Gaul at the time; but instead of having the bishops of Gaul examine into the case alone, he commissioned three of them to go to Rome and sit with the bishop of Rome in council, to decide the case. To the bishop of Rome Constantine sent a letter, with copies of all the charges and complaints which had been lodged with him, and in this letter to the bishop of Rome, with other things, he said this:Š Since it neither escaped your diligence, that I show such regard for the holy Catholic Church, that I wish you, upon the whole, to leave no room for schism or division. This council of course confirmed the emperor's word that the Catholic Church in Africa, was indeed the one over which Ccecilianus presided. And as this was the one which was in communion with the bishop of Rome, it followed that the Cath-olic Church was the one over which the bishops of Rome presided. The other party appealed from this decision, and petitioned that another and larger council be called to examine the question. An-other council was called, composed of al-most all the bishops of Constantine's dominions. This council likewise con-firmed the emperor's word and the deci-sion of the former council. Then the opposing party appealed from the decision of the council to the emperor himself. After hearing this appeal, he sustained the action of the councils, and re-affirmed his original decision. Then the opposing party rejected not only the decisions of the councils, but the decision of the emperor himself. Then Constantine addressed a letter to Ccilianus, bestowing more favors upon what he now called "the legitimate and most holy Catholic religion," and empow-ering him to use the civil power to com-pel the opposing party, the Donatists, to submit. This portion of his letter is in the following words :Š CONSTANTINE AUGUSTUS TO CJECILIANUS, BISHOP OF CARTHAGE: As we have determined that in all the provinces of Africa, Numidia, and Mauritania, something should be granted to certain ministers of the legitimate and most holy Catholic religion to defray these expenses, I have given letters to Ursus, the most illustrious lieutenant-governor of Africa, and have communicated to him, that he shall pro-vide, to pay to your authority, three thousand fol les [about one hundred thousand dollars]. . . And as I have ascertained that some men, who are of no settled mind, wished to divert the people from the most holy Catholic Church, by a certain pernicious adulteration, I wish thee to understand that I have given, both to the proconsul Anulinus and to Patricius, vicar-general of the prefects, when present, the following injunctions: that, among all the rest, they should particularly pay the necessary attention to this, nor should by any means tolerate that this should be overlooked Wherefore, if thou seest any of these men persever-ing in this madness, thou shalt, without any hes-itancy, proceed to the aforesaid judges, and report 