Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious 01-politicalŠThomas 7efferson. VOLUME 4. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, MARCH 6, 1889. NUMBER 7. '111-2e gin2eFical2 g-e1th2el. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK; 18 POST ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.; 12TH ez CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. Ł E. J. WAGGONER,   EDITORS. ALONZO T. JONES, J SPECIAL CORRESPONDENTS: J. H. WAGGONER, E. W. FARNSWORTH, DAN T. JONES THE framers of the Federal Constitution, re-membering the persecution of dissenters and non-conformists in the mother country and in several American colonies, cut the poisonous tree of per-secution by the root, and substituted for specific religious tests a simple oath or solemn affirmation. --Church and State in the United States. . 0 Ł 0 THE Friday edition of the New York Mail and Express willŁ henceforth contain the matter that was formerly issued in the monthly magazine, the Pearl of Days, the official organ of the American Sabbath Union. The heading, " The Pearl of Days," is used over the department con-taining the Sunday matter, and we shall often use it in giving credit for quotations from it. - IP Ł THE National Reform Association will celebrate its quarter centennial with a National Conference in connection with its annual meeting in Pitts-burg, April 23-25. Eight sessions will be held. All Woman's Christian Temperance Unions, Sabbath Associations and Committees, Young Men's Christian Associations, etc., are invited to send delegates. Ł  UNDER the heading, " The Way of the World," the Voice says that petitions said to represent 14,000,000 persons have been presented to the Senate, praying that Congress shall forbid all needless work in the mail and military service, and in interstate commerce." This item comes very fittingly under the heading of "The Way of the World," for if there ever was a transaction that was marked by worldly policy and scheming it is that matter of the Sunday-law petitions. THE Rev. H. Grattan Guinness is a believer in the doctrine commonly known as the "Age to Come." , In a recent discourse in Boston, he said : " All prophecy of the Scriptures, in the next age, will be taught in the common schools, and will be as well understood by the children as geography and astronomy." But Senator Blair is just an age ahead of Mr. Guinness. He pro-poses to have these things taught in the present age, the same as arithmetic and geography. Without doubt the Age-to-Come advocates will gladly unite with Senator Blair, in hastening the time. THE chairman of the Executive Committee on the centennial celebration of Washington's inaug-uration, has sent out addresses to all the clergy-men of the country, asking them to hold a service of prayer and thanksgiving in their churches at 9:30 A. M., April 30, and have also sent an ad-dress to the President, asking him to make a proc-lamation calling upon all citizens of the United States to observe April 30 as a day of National thanksgiving. The most noticeable thing is that the addresses are "signed by a committee of clergy-men representing the clergy of New York and Brooklyn," and that of the eleven representative clergymen whose names are signed, that of Martin J. Brophy, "representing Archbishop Corrrigan," heads the list, and that of William Hayes Ward, editor of the Independent, is at the bottom. Does anybody suppose that that address could by any means have been sent out with the order of names reversed? If he does, he doesn't know the Roman Catholic Church. Protestants must give her rep-resentatives the first place if they would secure her co-operation. 0 Ł 1- The Blair Educational Amendment Bill. WE promised some time ago to comment on Senator Blair's remarks on this bill, but since then other matter which seemed more important has crowded it out. Now, although the bill has been twice printed in the AMERICAN SENTINEL, we propose to print it again in connection with Mr. Blair's remarks in the Senate, and to make such comments on both as will enable all to see just what is involved in the proposed amendment. The largely increased circulation of the SENTINEL, since the bill was last printed, warrants and even makes necessary this repetition. Before proceeding to the consideration of the bill, it may be well to read what some of the most prominent men in the' United States think of the Constitution as it is. The New York Independent, without any reference to the Blair amendment, sent out letters asking the following question : "Has there been such advance in political science, and such development of this Nation, during the past hundred years, as to demand any considerable modification in our Constitution? If so, in what lines should it be made?" To this the following answers, which appeared in the Independent, January 10, 1889, were received from men who certainly need no instruction in the United States Constitution. We first quote the closing para-graph of a long reply by Francis Wharton, LL.D.:Š " The Constitution itself requires no amend-ment; but what is required is the removal from it of the patches impairing its symmetry, its com-prehensiveness, its elasticity, its ducability, which have been imposed on it by the judiciary.' Hon. George Bancroft, the historian, who is as  familiar with the Constitution as ordinary people are with the alphabet, said:Š "I have your letter asking what changes had better be made in the Constitution. I know of none; if any change is needed, it is in ourselves, that we may more and more respect that body of primal law. This is to the point, and we commend it to the careful consideration of National ReforMers. It is they that need amendment; not the Constitu-tion of the United States. The remaining answers are from judges of the United States Supreme Court, whose special business it is to be familiar with the Constitution. Justice Bradley wrote, "I would have no change," and then added :Š " I think it is a most happy arrangement that sudden whiffs and gusts of popular feeling are not always able to execute and carry out the rash pur-poses with which they are inspired." To the same intent is the following from Justice Gray:Š " I am so old-fashioned as to think that the Con-stitution, administered according to its letter and spirit, is well enough as it is. And I am of the opinion of the late Governor Andrew, that it is not desirable to Mexicanize our Government by pro-posing constitutional amendments as often as there is supposed to be a disturbance in its practical working." If the so-called Educational Amendment should be adopted, the flood-gates of religious legislation would be opened, and the Constitution of the United States would in time become little more than a church creed. This is not empty assertion, as will presently appear. Justice Blatchford's letter to the Independent, which we quote in full, is' as follows:Š "I am satisfied with the Constitution as it is. It cannot be bettered. Constitution tinkers are in a poor business. If there are ills, it is better to bear them than fly to others that we know not of." There you have the opinion of men whose busi-ness it is to make a special study of the Constitu-tion of the United States. Surely it should be entitled to some weight. Reason should teach men that there cannot be any serious defect in a Constitution under which this Government has grown to an extent and with a rapidity unprec-edented in the history' of Nations. But we come now to the proposed amendment, which reads as follows :Š "Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-sentatives of the United States of America (two-thirds of each House concurring therein), That the following amendment to the Constitution of the United States be, and hereby isi  proposed to the States, to become valid when ratified by the Legis-latures of three-fourths of the States, as provided in the Constitution:Š ARTICLEŠ. "SECTION 1. No State shall ever make or main-tain any law respecting an establishment of re-ligion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof. "SEG.. 2. Each State in this Union shall estab-lish arid maintain a system of free public schools, adequate for the instruction of all the children 