THE AMERICAN' SENTINEL. 15 The Church and State. WHEliCE has come about in modern history the great doctrine of the separation of the Church and State, for the purification of re-ligion and the security of civil freedom? This is the central question before us, and We are prepared to consider the relation of the church toward the realm of secularity as em-bodied in the, institutions of the family, the schbol, the civil community, and the State. We must first inquire for the characteristic distinctions of the church and the State. The final object of the church is holiness, the assumption by man of the form of the Divine; the final object of the State is the production of justice, the form of freedom. The negative of justice is defined as crime; the negative of , holiness is defined as sin. Sin and crime furnish the two categories which these institutions, the church and the State, respectively deal with. Let us note the consequences of confounding them. If the 'State undertakes to preform the functions of the church, it will deal with crimes in their character of sin as well as in their character of injustice. If the church, on the other hand, usurps the functions of the State, it will at-tempt to carry sin over into the category of crime and punish it by temporal penalties. For the church or the State to attempt to per-form one another's functions is to destroy both functions. A crime or breach of justice is a deed of the individual which the State by its judicial acts returns on the individual. The State furnishes a measure for crime and pun-ishes each criminal according to his deserts. The judicial mind is a measuring mind, a re-tributive mind, because trained in the forms of justice which sees to it that every man's deed shall be returned to him to bless him or to curse him with pain. Now, a sin is a breach of the law of holiness, a lapse out of the like-ness to the divine form, and as such it utterly refuses to be measured. It is infinite death to lapse out of the form of the Divine. A sin Cannot be atoned for by any finite punish-ment, but only (as Revelation teaches) by a divine act of sacrifice. The church cannot decree a finite measure of penance for sin; therefore it can only pronounce eternal doom on the sinner unless he repents. Religion says that the sinner must repent and return to holiness, and then his sin has been forgiven. The church meets sincere repentance with un-reserved forgiveness. It would destroy the State to attempt to treat crimes as sins and to forgive them in case of re-pentance. It would impose on the judiciary the business of going behind the overt act to the disposition or frame of mind within the depths of personality. But so long as the deed is not uttered in the act, it does not belong to society, but only to the individual and to God. No human institution can go behind the overt act and attempt to deal absolutely with the substance of man's spiritual freedom. If the church attempts to administer civil functions, it falls into the habit of weighing sin in finite scales, and by and by it comes to indulging mortal .sin for the sake of mere sec- ular penances and even for money paid in advance. If a noble ecclesiastic attempts to reform the civil magistracy under a theocracy, he is apt to fall into the use of the severe code of Draco, who punished all crimes with death, or else, in the careful weighing of the deed in order to award just penalties, the church offi-cial comes to lose his sense of the enormity of sin. Sin and crime must not be confounded, nor must the same deed be treated as crime and sin by the same authority. Look at it as crime, and it is capable of measured retribution. The law does not pursue the murderer beyond the gallows. He has expiated his crime with his life. But the slightest sin, even if it is no crime at all, as for example the anger of a man against his brother, an anger which does not utter itself in the form of violent deeds, but is pent up in the heartŠsuch non-crimi-nal sin will banish the soul forever from Heaven, unless it is made naught by sincere repentance. The divine and secular must be separately organized as institutions; but this does not imply that they may be.organized in antagon-ism. It is of the nature of Christianity to encourage independence of church control on the part of all other institutions when they are once in harmony with its divine ideal. For it is the principle of Christianity in its inner-most essence to teach the nature of God as one of infinite graceŠa God who sacrifices himself in order that imperfection may have the opportunity to put on the divine form of holiness and enjoy independent personality forever, always growing from more to more in intellect and will. The form of holiness is simply the form in which the individual may grow in personality without ever contradict-ing and annulling his true being. What we here see in these general terms to be the relation of the church to the State is also the relation of the church to the secular, specifically, in all details.Š W. T. Harris. SACRED CHRONOLOGY, AND THE PEO- PLING OF THE EARTH. "SACRED CHRONOLOGY" is a new and revised edition of a little work published by S. Bliss about forty years ago, giving the chronology from creation till the death of the apostle John. The peculiar and valuable feature of this work is that the chronology is established by the words of the Scripture itself. This is a most valuable little work. The chronology of the history of the kings of Israel and Judah, as given in Kings and Chronicles, is often a perplexity to the, Bible student. In this work the subject is re-lieved of all difficulty. Beside the connection as given in the words of Scripture, there are tables given which show at a glance the successive kings of Israel and Judah, and which of them reigned at the same time. Thus the subject is made so plain that it can be very easily understood. "The Peopling of the Earth" is a series of historical notes on the tenth chapter of Genesis. It gives an outline of the origin and descent of all the principal nations of the earthŠthe Greeks, the Romans, the Scotch, the Irish, the Welsh, the English, the Ger-mans, the Scandinavians, the Russians, the Chinese, etc., etc. It forms an excellent introduction to uni-versal history. This little book is just the thing for Bible students everywhereŠin college, in Sabbath-school, and in the home. Send for a copy ; you will find it inval-uable. Cloth binding, 300 pages, sent post-paid for $1.00. Address, Pacific Press, Oakland, Cal. THE FIRESIDE TEACHER.. A 28-PAGE MONTHLY. NEAT, CLEAN, PURE, ENTERTAINING, INSTRUCTIVE. THE object of this journal is to create and encourage a love for learning ; to promote correct habits of thought., and a truer appreciation of the things which the Creator has made and placed all around us for our instruction; to cultivate a pure and refined taste in literature. It also affords a most valuable help to all who are engaged in literary study. It contains general ' articles on Plant Life, Animal Life, Natural Scenery, Oce-anic Wonders, Strange Peoples and Countries, Literature, the World's Really Great Men, and among other Useful as well as Interesting Topics, TRUE PRINCIPLES AND METHODS OF EDUCATION. The School Room Department contains thorough instruction on several important studies, such as Grammar, Arithmetic, and Rhetoric. The whole work is elegantly illustrated with fine engrav-ings. As a literary and educational journal it has no equal for its size. It is neat in execution ; entertaining, instructive, and moral, in its character. It is highly appreciated by all lovers of good literature. ttiZ- EZTRAOIMINAR7 OFFER.ŠFor $1.25 we will send to the ad-dress of anyone in the United States or Canada, who is not al-ready a subscriber for the magazine, the Fireside Teacher, and the Pacific Health Journal, monthly, for one year. Single sub-scription price for Fireside Teacher alone, 75 cents. Address, THE FIRESIDE TEACHER CO., 71 College Ave., Battle Creek, Mich. PACIFIC HEALTH JOURNAL AND TEMPERANCE ADVOCATE. A THIRTY-TWO PAGE MONTHLY MAGAZINE, devoted to the dis-semination of true temperance principles, and instruction in the art of preserving health. It is emphatically A JOURNAL FOR THE PEOPLE, Containing what everybody wants to know, and is thoroughly practical. Its range of subjects is unlimited, embracing every-thing that in any way affects the health. Its articles being short and pointed, it is specially adapted to farmers, mechan-ics, and housekeepers, who have but little leisure for reading. It is just the journal that every family needs, and May be read with profit by all. Price, $1.00 per year, or with the 300-page,  premium bookŠ" Practical Manual of Hygiene and Temper-ance," containing household and cooking recipesŠpost-pain for $1.40. Address, PACIFIC PRESS, Publishers, Oakland, Cal. THE UNITED STATES IN PROPHECY. BY ELD. U. SMITH. rum is a full exposition of a portion of prophecy which ap-plies to our own Government, showing the position the United States holds in prophecy, and the part it has to act in the clos-ing scenes of time. THE SUNDAY MOVEMENT, Which is now attracting such general attention, is thoroughly canvassed, and abundant testimony is given to prove that it is fast coming to be the ALL-IMPORTANT QUESTION in this country. Dealing with our own land and applying to our own time. Of surpassing interest to every American reader. New editions revised and enlarged. Cloth, 225 pp., 75 cents. Paper covers, new edition, condensed, 186 pp., 25 cents. Address, PACIFIC PRESS, Oakland, Cal. VIEWS OF NATIONAL REFORM. PACKAGE NO. 1, 184 PAGES, 20 CENTS. THIS package contains thirteen tracts treating upon the va-rious phases of the National Reform movement, as follows :Š NO. PAGES. 1. Religious Legislation, .  8 2. Religious Liberty,   8 3. National Reform and the Rights of Conscience, .  16 4. The American Papacy,.  16 5. Bold and Base Avowal,   16 6. National Reform is Church and State,  16 7. Purity of National Religion,  8 8. The Salem Witchcraft,  . .......... 8 9. What Think Ye of Christ?  8 10. National Reformed Constitution and the American Hierarchy,  24 11. The Republic of Israel,  8 12. National Reformed Presbyterianism,.  32 13. The National Reform Movement an Absurdity,  16 The above package will be sent post-paid to any address for twenty cents. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, Oakland, Cal. WHO CHANGED  THE  SABBATH? A TRAcr of 24 pages, which fully answers this question, and shows how Sunday displaced the Bible Sabbath. Extracts given from Catholic writers. Price, 3 cents. ' - Addresst VRESS, Oakland, Cal. 