kj piuW Pq1111,,,oilr" Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas yeferson. VOLUME 6. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 17, 1891. NUMBER 37. The American Sentinel. PUBLIMIND WYJICLY, BY TRY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 Born) ST., Naw You. Entered at the New York Post Mee as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. MAMA= ICDITORE4 C. P. Boum AN, W. H. MACRE. IN the New York Christian Advocate, Rev. D. W. Huntingdon, D.D., says:Š Public vices present fearful opposition to the work of the Church, and in civil laws and their execution; in the character of public officers and in the good order of society generally the Church has much of her success at stake. How about the Church in the days of the apostles when both the civil laws and those who administered them were bitterly hostile to Christianity ? Is there not some mistake about the Church being in any measure dependent for success upon civil laws ? Ł -.O. CHRISTIANITY is vastly more than a code of morals; it is a divine scheme for the moral elevation of men who have sinned. It not only teaches men how to live, but it teaches them how to become free from past transgression; it promises pardon for sins that are past, and gives assurance of power to overcome tempta-tion and avoid sin in the future. Both the pardon for the past and the power for the future come through Christ. It is manifest, therefore, that Christianity is beyond the jurisdiction of all human gov-ernments. THE World suggests that if the Fair must be closed one day in each week, let it be on Monday, as in the case of " the Louvre and the Luxembourg, for cleansing, and for the recreation of the attendants." "Monday," says the World, "is always the day when visitors to a great exhibition are fewest in number. Sunday is the day whom they are always WA 2111-1310r01.1$.  close the Fair on Monday would be a rational proceeding; to close it on Sun-day would be to defeat its best usefulness. If a day of rest for the employes cannot be provided without closing the Fair for one day each week, in the name of right and reason let the great American wash-day be the one selected for that purpose." What can the " civil Sabbath " advo-cates say to this proposition ? Why would not Monday rest meet all physical neces-sities just as well as Sunday rest ? In the " Interest of the Laboring Man." IT is very popular nowadays to try to have the laboring man shoulder the re-sponsibility of all the pet schemes and theories that various so-called reformers are trying to get through various legisla-tures. Just at present the American Sab-bath Union is attempting to bribe the workingmen of America into an advo-cacy of the Sunday-closing of the World's Fair by offering them cheap rates of ad-mission upon certain other days. All kinds of socialistic and paternalistic bills are introduced, trying to regulate our rest, religion, recreation, and various other things. Some can never seem to learn that people will get along just about as well when you give them a chance to use their own brains as when you try to make the Legislature do the brain work for the whole Nation. Recently, Parliament was about to pass a bill prohibiting women from using a a heavy forging implement known as the " oliver ; " whereupon a deputation of these laboring women went to London to protest against the passage of the act. At London they were questioned at length upon the manner of their employ-ment, by the Home SecretaryŠan officer whose position in the British Government is much the same as that of the Secretary of the Interior in this country. Between Mr. Matthews, the Secretary, and a chain-woman the followiug dialogue 'took place ;Š Mr, Matthews: And what is the precise nature of the employment in which you are engaŠ Chain-woman (breaking in): I doan't want to have my work taken away from me 1  Mr. Matthews (blandly) : Pardon me, that is not quite the point on which I desire information. If you will please explain to me the nature of the op-eration in whichŠ Chain-woman (firm, though flustered, and deter-mined to get out what she had come all the way to London to say): It never done me no harm, sir I Mr. Matthews : But, my good woman, if you will suspend your observations long enough to communicate some ideaŠ Chain-woman: I likes the 'eavy work, sir; an' I says, Let each one do what they can ! Not long ago in our own capital the Sun-day-law advocates were trying to obtain a law " in the interests of the laboring man," prohibiting Sunday work (although in the foregoing anecdote the " laboring man" were women), and very plausibly laid their .case before the Congressional Committee; but unfortunately for the, Sunday-law advocates who were so solic-" itous for the " laboring man," the master workman of the whole federation of the Knights of Labor was present, Mr. Mil-lard F. Hobbs, and by a few words blew their nicely concocted schemes into atoms. He said:Š Mr. Crafts came before the Federation of Labor, and argued this bill, and that body refused to in-dorse the bill. He came before the District As-sembly of the Knights of Labor (which is made up of all the Knights of Labor of the Assemblies of the District of Columbia), and that body has re-fused to indorse it. There are parties in that body who believe in the bill as it is; others believe in a certain portion of it, and others are wholly opposed to it; and the Knights of Labor, as a whole, have thought best not to have anything to do with it. Some of them do not believe in working on Sun-day, but as for the other [the religious] feature of the bill, they think it best not to appear here in favor of it; and I believe there is quite a lot of the members of the order who believe that if they witnt rest on Sunday, or any other day, they can get it through their labor organizations, and that it is best not to try to get it through Congress by a sort of Church movement. There are over thirty unions of Knights of La-bor, and there has been only'one petition sent here. They have remained silent upon this subject, and I think they want to remain silent upon it. One of the gentlemen present, speaking of the effect of the speech said :Š 