704 AMERICAN SENTINEL. caused a solid wall of stone to be built out in the ocean a long way, and although the English people could just as well have broken it down, they did not even try, why I do not know." "Does the city of La Rochelle show any of the marks of the awful siege yet, Fred?" "I think so; for my grandpa was there once and he said it did then." "Yes, it will never again be the same proud, beauti-ful city, I think. Did the cardinal do as he had promised about letting the Huguenots have liberty to worship God in their own way, Joseph?" "Yes, sir; and the Catholics were very indignant in-deed about it, and at last coaxed the king to send him into exile, and he only just barely escaped going." "But escape he did, though, through his great influ-ence with the king, and the come out of it was," said Professor Carman, sadly, "that Louis sent his own mother away from him, and finally, because she bad held some communication with her Spanish friends, he would never let her return. So I presume her son never saw her again. She died at last far from France, a poor wo-man financially, but let us hope, a better one than she had lived. "Before we separate, .I must tell you that Mrs. White told me this morning that her husband and Charlie, Mr. Billings and Robert were expecting to be home from Paris in three or four days, so we will likely see them next week." MRS. L. D. AVERY-STIITTLE. The War of Principle.ŠNo. 7. "WELL, Aleck, since our last talk, I have been read-ing up Jewish history. The Jews did not avert the ca-lamity they feared, by putting Christ to death. The Romans did come and take away their place and their nation." 'Yes, so they did. What a commentary is the de-struction of Jerusalem on the inefficiency of human defense! When ,Titus and his armies entered the flaming city, he looked with amazement on the strong defenses, and declared that God must have given the city into his hand. After all, Cecil, the battle is the Lord's. God hath his way in the storm." "0, but Aleck, I did not think of attributing the fear-ful destruction of Jerusalem to God. It seems to me the Jews simply reaped their own sowing." "You are right, Cecil. They had abandoned the pro-tection of the Infinite, and thereby fell a prey to satanic fiends. They sowed the cross of Calvary on Golgotha, and little dreamed of the harvest. Thousands of crosses covered the hills, whereon hung the Jews who had cried "crucify him," and furnished feasts for kites and vultures. The siege and overthrow of Jerusalem presents one of the most fearful retributions of history." "Retribution;Šwhy do you call it that?" "Because it is the retribution of following a false principle. It is the revenge of revering tradition, of up-holding established customs, of reverencing a sanctuary from which the Shekinah had fled. The old wrath of error made them furious antagonists against the Ro-mans, and brought upon them the fulfillment of the des-olation foretold in the days of Moses." "What had Moses foretold, Aleck?" "He had said that if they refused to depend on God, and broke his commandments, that they should be de-stroyed. Here, let me read it to you, said Meek, taking his Bible from his pocket. You'll find the prophecy in Deut. 28:49-53: 'The Lord shall bring a nation against thee as swift as the eagle flieth; a nation whose tongue thou shalt not understand; a nation of fierce counte-nance. . . . And he shall eat the fruit of thy cattle, and the fruit of thy land until he have destroyed thee, and he shall besiege thee in all thy gates, until thy high and fenced walls come down, wherein thou trusted . . . And thou shalt eat the fruit of thine own body, the flesh of thy sons and daughters, which the Lord thy God bath given thee, in the siege.' There is another prophecy in Dan. 9:24-26, that brings out the events to be fulfilled in the city from the rebuilding of Jerusalem after the captivity in Babylon to its final destruction in A. D. 70." "Is that so, Aleck? Do let us read them." "In the previous chapter," said Aleck, "Daniel is shown a period of 2,300 years. In the 9th chapter the angel is sent to further explain to him the meaning of this period. He asks him to recall the vision, and then says, 'Seventy weeks are determined [or better, "cut off," from this long period] upon thy people [the Jews] and upon thy holy city,to finish the transgression, and to make an end of sins, and to make reconciliation for iniquity, and to bring in everlasting righteousness, and to seal up the vision and prophecy, and to anoint the most holy.' "Seventy weeks would be 490 days. and as each day represents a year in prophecy, it would be 490 years. The angel then tells Daniel when this period would begin, Šat the commandment to build and to restore Jerusa-lem. This commandment was issued by Artaxerxes in A. D. 457 (See Ezra 7). From that year until Christ should appear as the Messiah or the Anointed One, it would be 69 weeks or 483 days or years. Reckoning this time brings us to A. D. 27 when Jesus was baptized in the Jordan at the beginning of his ministry as the Messiah. He was there anointed with the Holy Ghost, and to this time the prophecy was fulfilled." "But what does this mean, Aleck, that the 69 weeks are first divided into 7 weeks and then into threescore and two? And what does it mean by saying the street shall be built again and the wall, even in troublous. times?" "It took 7 weeks or 49 years to rebuild the city_ The nations around were angry, and tried to prevent it. You may read of their opposition in Nehemiah. Them 