50 gIENTrIPIINTJE/1-1 Vol.,. 11, No. 7. toward the support of that denomination which they professed, provided Jews, Mahometans, and others who were not Christians, might obtain proper relief, his advice was given in these words: As the matter now stands, I wish an assessment had never been agitated; and, as it has gone so far, that the bill could die an easy death." " The general committee of the Baptists unanimously appointed a delegate to remon-strate with the general assembly against the assessment, and they resolved that no human laws ought to be established for that purpose; that every free person ought to be free in matters of religion.' The general convention of the Presbyterian Church prayed the legis-lature expressly that the bill concerning relig-ious freedom might be passed into a law as the best safeguard then attainable for their religious rights.' " When the legislature of Virginia assem-bled, no one was willing to bring forward the assessment bill, and it was never heard of more. Out of one hundred and seventeen ar-ticles of the revised code which were then re-ported; Madison selected for immediate con-sideration the one which related to religious freedom. The people of Virginia had held it under deliberation for six years; in December, 1785, it passed the House by a vote of nearly four to one. Attempts in the Senate for amendment produced only insignificant changes in the preamble, and on the sixteenth of January, 1786, Virginia placed among its statutes the very words of the original draft by Jefferson with the hope that they would endure forever: 'No man shall be compelled to frequent or support any religious worship, place, or ministry whatsoever, nor shall suffer on 'account of his religious opinions or belief; opinion in matters of religion shall in no wise diminish, enlarge, or affect civil capacities. The rights hereby asserted are of the natural rights of mankind." " 'Thus,' says Madison, in Virginia was extinguished forever the ambitious hope of making laws for the human mind.' " It will be observed that the opposition to the proposed legislation for the support of teachers of the Christian religion was not from an infidel but from a Christian standpoint. Madison was himself " bred in the school of the Presbyterian dissenters under Witherspoon at Princeton," and the Virginia Presbyte-rians and Baptists of that day were certainly not open to the charge of hostility to Chris-tianity. The fight against the bill, supposed to be for the preservation of Christianity, was made wholly in the interests of Christianity and of God-given rights. Mr. Madison's first reason for opposing the bill was because " religion, or the duty which we owe to our Creator, and the manner of discharging it, can be directed only by reason and conviction, not by force or violence." His second reason was, " Because, if relig-ion be exempt from the authority of the soci-ety at large, still less can it be subject to that of the legislative body," whose jurisdiction, he argued, was both derivative and limited. Mr. Madison's third reason for opposing religious legislation in Virginia in 1785 is just as applicable to the legislation proposed now. " Who does not see," he asks, " that the same authority which can establish Christianity in exclusion of all other religions, may establish with the same ease any particular sect of Christians ?" 5  Washington to George Mason, 3 October, 1785. Spark's ix, 137. 6  Sample's "History of the Baptists," etc , 71; yoote's "Sketches of Virginia." 344. 7  Madison, i, 213. ' aHoning, xii, 86, 9  Bancroft, Vol. IV, p. 417, Equally pertinent would be the question now: Who does not see that the same author-ity that can require the observance of one Christian institution, may establish with the same ease any other real or supposed Christian institution and require its observance? There can be but one reason for hedging the Sunday about with legal restrictions and prohibitions, namely, its supposed sacred character; and who does not see that it would be just as le-gitimate for the legislature to guard or enforce in like manner any other institution of the Church? Again, Mr. Madison, and those who joined with him in this memorial, objected to the "bill establishing a provision for teachers of the Christian religion" on the ground that it violated " that equality which ought to be the basis of every law." This is equally true of the present bill. It violates equality be-cause it requires in some degree the observance of a religious institution. Said Mr. Madison : " Whilst we assert for ourselves a freedom to embrace, to profess, and to observe the relig-ion which we believe to be of divine origin, we cannot deny an equal freedom to them whose minds have not yet yielded to the evi-dence which has convinced us." The present Sunday bill, like all such measures, takes no account of the right of every man not to ob-serve Sunday. Again, as pointed out in the fifth division of Mr. Madison's memorial, the bill now be-fore the Virginia Legislature, equally with the bill then under consideration, implies the right to employ religion as an engine of civil policy; and also to use the civil power to sup-port and enforce religion. As it is religious sentiment which demands such legislation as that now proposed in Vir-ginia, so it is religious sentiment which en-forces such legislation. In fact, by such laws the State simply clothes the Church with civil power, and within certain proscribed limits, makes it the " duty" of the magistrate to ad-judicate religious questions and enforce relig-ious discipline. And this is equally true of the Sunday " laws " already upon the statute books of Virginia. Section 3800 provides that:Š The forfeiture declared by the preceding section shall not be incurred by any person who conscien-tiously believes that the seventh day of the week ought to be observed as a Sabbath, and actually refrains from all secular business and labor on that day, pro-vided he does not compel an apprentice or servant not of his belief to do secular work or business on a Sunday, and does not on that day disturb any other person. Such an exemption is itself evidence of the religious character of the "law." Thus even the attempts of legislators to do justice and to recognize the right of every citizen to worship God according to -the dictates of his own con-science, show such legislation to be alike in flagrant violation of the Virginia Bill of Rights, of the "Act Establishing Religious Liberty," and of the natural rights of man. It is to be hoped, therefore, that the Legis-lature of Virginia will not only reject this present Sunday bill, but will make haste to repeal the various measures of religious legis-lation now upon the statute books of that State, and thus vindicate the principles so ably announced and defended over a century ago by Jefferson and Madison, the ablest statesmen of that day, and by Witherspoon, the Christian minister, r ducator, and patriot. ŁŁŁ Ł RELIGIOUS " LAWS." THERE is nothing more unchristian than a man-made religious "law." Religious legislation is solely a prerogative of the Creator. When man presumes to enact  such legislation he assumes to put himself in the place of God. His religious legislation, so far from being Christian, becomes from its very assumption to be such, actual blasphemy. " Every word of God is pure; he is a shield unto them that put their trust in him. Add thou not unto his words, lest he reprove thee, and thou be found a liar. " Prov. 30: 5, 6. Religious legislation presumes to add to the words of God. Every word of God is law. It is law because it is right, because it is truth, because it is just, and because it will certainly be carried into effect. And therefore any religious legis-lation by man becomes but a man-made ad-dition to the word of God, and subjects its authors to the reproof of the Almighty, which will demonstrate them to be liars, and appoint their portion with the lovers of untruth. " CASUAL OBITER DICTUM." FROM a legal standpoint the argument of the Christian Work, on page 53, is conclusive. Upon no sound principle of law can it be asserted that this nation has any religious character whatever. But as a matter of fact, not only the several States but the nation is influenced very decidedly by popular Chris-tianity. It was doubtless the purpose of the founders of this Government to make it purely secular; wholly separate, not only from any church but from religion as well; not opposed to religion, but simply having nothing to do with it, just as a business concern, while not hostile to religion, has no religious character. According to the Declaration of Indepen-dence the sanctions of civil government are found in the existence of God-given, natural rights. But while this is true, there has been a disposition on the part of our courts to find the sanctions of our civil codes, not so much in the inherent rights of man, as in the religion of the people. Forgetting that other peoples knowing nothing of Christianity have had codes of manners fully equal to our own, learned judges have sought in the Christian religion that justification for the laws of jus-tice which our forefathers declared to be self-evident. Justice Brewer probably meant by his " casual obiter dictum" no more than he now professes; but it is, nevertheless, a step, and a long one, in the return journey to the ju-dicial maxims of that period of the world when the State was the obedient servant of the Church. Justice Brewer cannot recall his words; and if he could that would not greatly alter the facts, for as the decision shows, his concep-tion of the sanction of government is wrong. Not the will of the people, or the intent of the law makers, but the eternal principles of justice is the touchstone to which such ques-tions as that involved in the Trinity Church case should be brought. Justice Brewer ought to have pursued a line of argument as broad, far-reaching, and com-prehensive as the constitutional inhibition of any law prohibiting the free exercise of relig-ion ; one that would have covered the case of a Jewish rabbi, a pagan priest, or an infidel lecturer equally as well as that of a Christian minister. The alarming feature of the deci-sion is that the reason beyond all others by which the learned justice "sustains" it, fol-lowed to its logical conclusion, would justify legislation friendly to Christianity and hostile to paganism, Judaism, or skepticism. The court argued that such an interpreta-tion as was sought to be put upon the Con-tract Labor Law was not admissible because 