26 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. United States, that.  journal is not as well up with the times as its management in other directions demands that it should be:_1  It is true that the " original,package " decision, carried us a long way in the wrong direction, but that diredtion is not the one Suggested by the''World. Nor was it 'in one way only, that the ": orginal package'"' decision carried us a long way in the wrong. It is likewise true that the "less the Federal-  Government touches him the bet-ter for every individual and-for the Gov-ernment." But when the State, which ought to protect him, opposes, him in the dearest rights that belong to men, that is,. his religious convictions, then the Federal Government must touch him in the exer-cise of the supreme protective _power which it must possess over its own citizens. ' We can only say again that in the above argument the World sets forth a queer piece of political and constitutional wis-dom. We wish it would try again. A. T. J. Ł-t-Ł Religious influences in Politics. THE Mail and Express of January 7, has an editorial on the subject of ecclesiastical influence in political affairs in Ireland, which is worthy of careful reading and thought. Our contemporary, though of National Reform proclivities, says :Š The letter of Mr. Vincent Scully, the defeated can- didate for North Kilkenny, saying that the Irish struggle is " a struggle for the Irish to manage Irish affairs after their own manner," seems to emphasize the remarks of Parnell as he was leaving Dublin, attributing their defeat in that election to undue influence by the priests. Mr. Parnell is reported to have said at Dublin The priests led the people of North Kilkenny to the polls like sheep. In many cases where they could not coerce the people they prevented them from voting. If a petition were lodged, it could be backed by such, evidence to prove undue influence as to make a result in our favor certain. Mr. Scully is a strong Catholic, but he sees clearly that if the priests are permitted similarly to influence the coming election Ireland will be lost. The general election is not far distant, and I shall push forward preparation for it. Should Mr. Parnell carry out the idea of a petition to set aside the election on the ground of undue in-fluence, and so secure to the Irish people the right to vote as they please in the general election, it will be a victory for the electors of both Wings, and will give a new interest to the Irish question by the de-cision that the Irish are fairly entitled to home rule so far as voting as they please, instead of being sub-ject to the dictation of the Roman Curia. The principle of English law applicable to the ex-ereise of undue influence was plainly stated by Sir Samuel Romilly, and is one that should be carefully understood by every American. That eminent jurist said:Š Undue influence will be used if ecclesiastics make use of their poWer to excite superstitious fears or pious hopes; to inspire, as the object maybe best promOted, despair or confidence; to alarm the conscience by the horrors of eternal misery, or sup-port the drooping spirit by unfolding the prospect of eternal happiness. This precedent, according to Mr. Lindsey in his work entitled "Rome in Canada: the Ultramontane Struggle for Supremacy Over the' Civil Authority," (Toronto.: Bros., 187'7), was followed by Baron Fitzgerald:in the Mayo contested election in 1857, and the election was annulled on the ground that spiritual.intimidation had been made use of. Speak-ing of what the priest may do and may not do in  this respect, the Judge said: " He may not aPpeal to the fears or terrors or superstition of those whom he addresses. He must= not hold out the hope of ye:  ward here or hereafter, and he must not use ithreatir of temporary injury, or of disadvantage or plinish;.: ment hereafter; he must not, for instance, threaten to excommunicate or ,withhold the sacrameitts, or-, to expose the party to any other religious disabikity,. or denounce the voting for any particular candidate as a sin or an offense involving punishment here or,  hereafter. If he does so with a view to influence a voter the law considers him guilty of undue influ- ence. . . As priestly influence is so greet we must regard its exercise with extreme jealousy, and seek by the utmost vigilance to keep it within due and proper bounds." The principle is just the' same in this country, and should prevent the clergy of all-  denominations'. from -participating in politics in their capacity as clergymen. A powerful church, the vote of Whose mem-bers can :be controlled by its priesthood, is a menace -Co free government, and the principle is just the same in the smaller denominations. The minister of religion should inculcate correct principles, should insist upon hon-esty in every walk of life, but when he attempts to coerce 'voters by threats of the Divine displeasure, or even to influence them in a certain direction by threatening them with his own or the church's dis-pleasure, he abuses his sacred office and arrays himself on the side of religious des-potism. It matters not even if, in a given case, the minister's views are correct as to the better political course to pursue, the principle remains unchanged ; and it should be insisted upon by free people everyWhere that ecclesiastics, as such, shall keep' out of politics. C. P. B. Religion in the Schools, THE charge of "godless" laid at the door of the public schools should be re-pelled, for it is troubling some weak con-sciences. Systematic religious instruction never has been and never can be under-taken in a country of free churches. En-gland with her Established Church, has, reduced religious instruction in her Board Schools to the minimutd, and made, this optional. What of the much discussed exclusion of the Bible ? Does not this, indicate an infidel attitude ? As a matter-of fact the reading- of the Scriptures, prayer, and: singing is suggested as a fitting morning exercise by the statutes of , every State. Blit in case these services are omitted, as they should be, rather than be allowed to furnish an occasion for Rome to strengthen' her stays,', may the schoolS -then be ,pro-7  nounced " godless ? "  Do we- stigmatize the cotton-factory or the saw-.mill as "god-Ł less" because. they do  not begin with - re-ligious Services ? But where, apart from.  preconceived notions resulting from .cus-!..-torn, is there any_ ground  for ,discrimin,a-!. tion ?._. The religious instruction- given Germany- and Austria_ is ,sometiules very-formal and lifeless; so-would it:be with.'  the simple service provided for our schools if, under all circumstances, insisted, upon. The Church should, remember that her relation_ :.education has changed. The direction 0 Secular, education, so far as primary_ -and intermediate instruction is ._ concerned has been -assumed assuecl by the State; and th& State should be allowed to provide for this-in-the manner that,  promisekmost successfullY to :accomplish the desired work of unifying a' heterogeneous -school poPulation and fitting it for intelligent and loyal citizenship. The Church thus left the narrower field of caring for higher education, and her distinctively religious work, should bestow upon these more careful thought and intenser effort.ŠPrin-cipal Dunton, "..D. D,, in New York Chris-tian Advocate. A Serious Question. A GOOD deal has been said throughout this country the past year upon the sub-ject of compulsory education, even to 'the extent of compulsory religious education. In a good many instances Germany has been cited as a model Government in this respect; but the Emperor of Germany has lately shown a disposition to take heroic measures, to a certain extent, with this thing in his dominions, declaring that, the system of " eternal cramming " which has been worked, " has already made the nation suffer from 'the overproduction of learned and, so-called educated people, the number,  of whom is now more than the nation can bear, and who constitute a dis7  tinct danger to society." England also has a system of compul-sory edtcation ; and in her speech from the throne at the late opening of Parlia-iment, the Queen of Great Britain called the attention of that body to another evil which is found there. She said : " Your attention will be called to the expediency of alleviating the burden which- the law of compulsory education has within recent years.imposed iipOn the poorer portions of the people." In view of these two official statements from tide heads of two of the strongest Governments of earth, and. the two which have enforced the system of compulsory education, .those in this country who are -so strongly urging the adoption of such, a . system here, ought to be led more carefully to consider that question. Attention has been called. several times by THE SENTINEL to the fact stated by Emperor- William,  that education without character insteddil' of being .a benefit either to the. individual Or to the State, is -a detriment to both.' Instead of its being for the safety of the State it is, dangerous to the State. It is se When'  it is 'voluntarily done, but when the State itself compels the peoplebyan, eteiqial :he'edlicated.  ehat.a0t4,:iti o#1y—deAroyittg "itself.; asrc as the State, cannot give-Oharacter,. raises a serious question whether' cOmput,' '" 