AMERICAN SENTINEL. 29 kings in ignorance and vice, so that they could have the power themselves. One of these mayors, Pepin, ruled during the lives of four of these shadow-kings. "Pepin again united the eastern and western divis-ions, and' held the reins of government while the 'long-haired idler' of a king was playing with his dogs at his home in the country." "I don't see what good it did them to be kings at .that rate," said Jack Smith, who had always thought he would like to be a king. "It was poor satisfaction indeed," answered Professor Carman. "Though once a year, Pepin would have the real king paraded through Paris in great style, and seat him on a golden thronefor a day, and then back he must go to his country home. "When Pepin died, his son, Charles Martel, took the reins, at the age of twenty-five years. He fought against the Mahometans, who had conquered Spain and set up a kingdom there. The people of Gaul were very much afraid of these Saracens, as they were called, but Charles was strong enough for, them. In a dreadful battle near the city of Tours, he conquered them, and gained for himself the title of 'Hammer,'Šfor he literally hammered the Saracens." "I thought Attila was called the `Hammer,'" said Max Smith. "The Hammer of the Universe," corrected Edna Phillips. "When Charles Martel died," continued the teacher, "his son, Pepin the Short, assumed control, hunted up a Puppet king, a miserable Merovingian, took him from the convent, let his hair grow again, and called him King Childeric III. Pepin then sent to the pope to ask him whichshould have the kingdom; the one who had nothing but a name, or he who knew best how to govern. The pope answered him that the man who should be king was he who knew how to govern. You see Pepin was sharp enough to understand that if he wanted to hold the kingdom, he must have the pope on his side." "Yes," said Joe Palmeter, "I see,Šchurch and state again ! " MRS. L. D. AVERY-STUTTLE. MR. W. R. MATTOX, of Terre Haute, Ind., to whom the SENTINEL was sent by some friend during our late special offer, in renewing the same, says : "The SENTINEL has been a welcome visitor to my office for three months, and I find the time profitably spent in reading it. The work of the SENTINEL in the cause of religious liberty is so ably and earnestly pursued that those who read it can-not fail to be convinced by it. Both reason and experi-ence, history, and Bible teaching, support the SENTINEL in its Rosition on this question. . . . I like the SEN-TINEL, and must have it a year." 5-I* Ł {.4 Sanford Rogers, Coopersville, Mich., is appreciated: "We have found you always true and can trust you still. The first numbers ever folded were for me to distribute on the train from California to Ohio." THE article on page 19, by Mrs. S. M. I. Henry, is the first of many of which we have the promise for our read-ers during the coming year. The writer's wide experience as National Evangelist of the W. C. T. U., enables her t6 speak from the standpoint of what she has seen and felt of the needs of the masses along the line of instruction in religious liberty topics, and we feel sure her contributions will prove a valuable addition to thefeast of good things which our readers will enjoy during 1898. Our Premium Bible. DURING the month ,of December last, we advertized that, after the 31st of that month, the price on our pre-mium Bible and SENTINEL would be advanced; but we are happy to inform our many friends that we are, by more advantageous arrangements with our manufactur-ers, able to grant the continuation of the same favorable terms. In this connection we wish to call attention to the advertisement of the Bible to be fonnd on the last page of this paper. We certainly feel that we are offering to our friends a real bargain, when we give them the Combination Self-Pronouncing S. S. Teachers' Bible and the SENTINEL for one year, all postpaid, for $3.50. TO OUR PATRONS : 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other irdividual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. ArIERICAN SENTINEL, Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in principle. ORGAN OF THE International Religious Liberty Rssoeiation. Published Weekly by Paeifie Press Publishing Co. Single Copy, Per Year, Six months, .5o Three " .25 THE following, addressed to the AMERICAN SENTINEL, ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, with $1 inclosed for renewal of subscription from Mr. 39 Bond Street, New York. 