2 SIENTrriaNnEr—. VOL. 9, No. 1. pose to surrender the United States Gov-ernment and the American people. But just as surely as the American people allow the National Reform party, or any-thing else, out of seeming friendship for Christianity, or for any other reason, to do this thing, they are undone. "WE know that a good many people have regarded the AMERICAN SENTINEL as ex-erting itself to no purpose, because they think there is no danger of the suc-cess of National Reform. But in the Na-tional Reform party, allied with Rome, there is danger. Then put with this the almost universal demand for more rigor-ous laws, more vigorously enforced, for the stricter religious observance of Sun-dayŠthe very thing above all others at which the National Reform movement aimsŠthe danger is increased and is im-minent. In view of these facts there is great danger that through the sophistry of the National Reform arguments, the ill-informed zeal of thousands upon thou-sands of people who favor Sunday laws, will be induced to support the National Reform movement, and so they and the whole nation be delivered into the hands of Rome. There is danger in the National Reform movement. We know it, and by the evidences we here give in their own words, it is high time that the American people began to realize it. "WE say that if the National Reformers and the Catholics, or any others, want to keep Sunday, let them do it. But heaven forefend that they, shall ever succeed in securing the laws that they ask by which they will compel others to do it. And we do most devoutly pray, God forbid that they shall ever succeed in their scheme of putting into the hands of Rome the power to enforce religious laws, and to correct heresy. God forbid that they shall ever succeed in making free America a slave-to Rome. " The success of the National Reform movement is to support Rome. How many, then, of the American people are ready to enter into the National Reform scheme ? " Ł AND now in view of this we ask a careful consideration of the following important facts and statements : All these years, and even to the very lat-est document issued November, 1893, the National Reform combination has con-stantly presented as the basis, and the lead-ing argument, for the governmental recog-nition of their religion,that "this country was settled by Christian men having Christian ends in view.' And now that they have secured their long desired gov-ernmental recognition of "the Christian religion," the Catholic Church appropri-ates bodily the argument, and boldly de-clares that this country was first discov-ered and settled by Catholic Christian men, having Catholic Christian ends in view. At the late World's Congress of Religions this was made plain beyond all chance for question. In a paper read by Professor Thomas O'Gorman, of the Cath-olic University of Washington, D. C., it is presented more fully and compactly than in any other place we have found, and we shall therefore quote largely from it. On this point of the discovery and settlement of the country " by Christian men having Christian ends in view," he says :- 13y right of diecOvery and possession, dating back  almost, nine hundred years, America, is Christian. On, the waters of Lake,  Michigan, close to the Convent of La Rabida are moored three Spanish caravels and a little farther away one Viking ship. All threeŠconvent, caravels, and Scandinavian craftŠare evi-dences of an acquaintance between America and the church in times when the only Christianity in exist-ence was Catholic. This fact is sufficient justification for a change I have allowed myself to make. In the programme, this paper has for title, " Relation of the Catholic Church to America." For wider latitude and juster account I make it "Relation of Christianity to America." The strange Viking boat carries the relation to a period antedating  Columbus by almost five hundred years. About the year 1000, Christian colonists from-Norway founded in Greenland a Christian community, which for four hundred yearsŠthat is, almost down to the days of ColumbusŠpossessed a body of Catholic priests and a continuous line of bishops in communion with the popes of Rome. From Greenland, traders and missionaries pushed westward to the mainland. Trading  posts and mission stations, if not permanent settlements, arose on the coasts of New England, and the natural products of this country found their way to Europe and even to Rome, the capital of Christen-dom, as payment of the Peter pence from the Catholic people of far away Greenland Sand Vinland. In the showcases of the Convent of La Rabida in your White City are some of the many contemporary documents which prove these facts, and imply a relation existing long  before Columbus, between Rome and the land that was to become in later, ages the cradle of the American Republic. For reasons, which it is not my present task to indicate, the intercourse had gradually grown intermittent and had all but ceased when Co-lumbus appeared. At any rate, it had never dawned on the mind bf Europe that the far away Scandinavian colony was in a new continent. Greenland and Vin-land were supposed to be connected in some way with northern Europe, and to be a southern dip of the known continent into habitable western latitudes from uninhabitable polar regions. So much for the older acquaintance between the church and America. AMERICA DISCOVERED BY CATHOLICS. The Spanish convent and caravels indicate a relation that began four hundred years ago; a relation which was to Europe the revelation of a new world, what the Scandinavian relation had not been; a relation that has not ceased since, as had the Scandinavian; a rela-tion that at first flitted like some distant dream before the eyes of Spain in the solemn halls of Salamanca, that gradually took on some faint reality beneath the walls of Granada, in the quiet port of Palos, that finally became fact on the newly-found shores of San Salvador, in the shadow of the cross raised on Ameri-can soil by the successful discoverer. The books, pamphlets, lectures, and articles written in this Co-lumbian anniversary prove beyond a candid doubt that the discovery of America was eminently a reli-gious enterprise, and that the desire to spread Chris-tianity was, I will not say the only, but the principal, motive that prompted the leaders engaged in that memorable venture. Before you can strip the discov-ery of its religious character, you must unchristen the admiral's flagship [Santa Maria] and tear from her bulwarks the painting of the patroness [the Virgin Mary], under whose auspices the gallant craft plowed her way through the terrors of the unknown ocean. MOTIVES OF THE EARLY COLONISTS. The inspiration that gave the Old World a new con tinent was also the cause of its colonization and civil-ization. Various popes from Alexander VII, 1493, to Leo XI, 1514, approved and legalized discovery and occupation in America. The purpose of their bulls was to prevent or settle difficulties and wars between rival claimants to the new lands. The indirect results of their intervention were of untold benefit to human-ity. That intervention promoted the geographical' study and knowledge of the globe, instigated Magellan's voyage around the world, created the partition of the continent, and hence also the colonial system out of which this great nation is born. Thus the National Reformers see their fundamental argument appropriated by Rome and used to her sole advantage, and not one of them nor yet all of them to-gether, can successfully dispute it for a moment. And so we and they see fulfilled to-day that which we have told them all the time, that in all their efforts they were but playing into the hands of Rome. AGAIN: The National Reform combina-tion has always made the fallacious claim that the union of religion and the State is not the union of Church and State; and vice versa, the separation of Church and State does not mean the separation of the State from religion. This claim the  Catholic Church now appropriates and declares :-- We may truly say that with us separation of Church and State is not separation of the nation from religion. ŠId. And thus again we and they see fulfilled that which we told them long ago, and repeatedly. AGAIN: The National Reform combina-tion has argued that Sunday laws, Thanks-giving proclamations, and other official documents of presidents and governors, laws which uphold " Christian marriage " by prohibiting polygamy, chaplains in army and navy, in Congress and legisla-tures, and decisions of courts that Chris-tianity is part of the common law,Šall prove that this is a Christian nation. All this also the Catholic Church has adopted as proof of her claims upon the nation. Professor O'Gorman continues :Š Of what I should call the State's Christianity, I give the following evidences :Š Not only does the Federal Government make Sunday a legal day of rest for all its officials, but the States have Sunday laws which do not enforce any specific worship, but do guard the day's restfulness. More-over, certain religious holy days are made legal holi-days. Presidents and governors in official documents rec-ognize the dependence of the nation on God and the duty of gratitude to him. . . . The action of Congress in regard to Mormonism is an upholding of the Christian marriage, and in all the States bigamy is a crime. Immorality is not allowed by the civil power to flaunt itself in public, but is driven to concealment, and the Decalogue, inasmuch as it relates to the social relations of man, is enforced. Celebrations of a public and official character, ses-sions of State legislatures and Congress are opened with prayer. Chaplains are appointed at public ex-pense for Congress, the army, the navy, the military and naval academies, the State legislatures and insti-tutions. . . . More than once it has been decided by courts that we are a Christian people, and that Christianity is part of our unwritten law, as it is part of the common law of England. Such, briefly, is the relation of Christianity to the American Republic, when we consider only its internal life. Are we not justified in concluding  that here Christianity has added to her domain a nation which is the most active, the most progressive, and not the least intellectual in this nineteenth century ! When it is borne in mind that by the term " Christianity," Professor O'Gorman means Catholicism and Catholicism alone, the force of this array of National Reform " evidences " is clearly seen and appre-ciated. AGAIN: The Supreme Court of the United States declared that " we are a Christian people " and that " this is a Christian nation." This the National Reform combination hailed as containing " all that the National Reform Association seeks;" and this they have been using ever since as the official and ultimate au-thority that must settle every question and. silence every word of doubt or dis-sent. As proofs of its declaration that " this is a Christian nation" or that this is the meaning of the Constitution, the Supreme Court not only cited the commission of Ferdinand and Isabella to Columbus, but also "the form of oath universally prevailing ; " the laws respect- ing the observance of the Sabbath ; the constitutional proviso "that the Execu- tive shall have ten days (Sunday excepted) within which to determine whether he will approve or veto a bill," etc. This whole ground is covered in just two sen-tences by Professor O'Gorman with direct reference to the Constitution, as follows :7-- Our political charter presupposes God and Chris-tianity, presupposes the main facts and the past his-tory of Christianity, and is bound to them by discovery and colonization, The oath required froza all alms 