THE _A- _IVIERICAN SENTINEL. 175 merely want the fine art galleries, and similar ex-hibition halls, open, so that people can stroll through them, just as they do through all the art galleries in the cities. As for running the heavy machinery, that has never been contemplated by anybody. "Then again, some people claim that if the Ex-position is not shut one day, all of the employes will have to work seven days a week. The fact is, that the World's Fair is being built on the eight-hour plan, and six days constitutes a week's work. An additional force of employes would be kept in reserve, so that nobody would have to work seven days. As far as .I can learn, the laboring element of Chicago, and the surrounding towns, is unani-mously in favor of keeping the gates open on Sun-day. It is proposed to inaugurate a department of public worship, at Jackson Park, and hold religious services in the buildings if the gates are opened. " During the summer months more than 50,000 working people visit Jackson Park every Sunday to enjoy the cool breezes and the pleasant lawns. They went there before the World's Fair was thought of." IN the Congressional Record, of May 25, under the head of " Petitions," is this suggestive para- graph:Š By MR. GREENLEAF : Three petitions, as follows: One from the Presbyterian Church of Brighton, N. Y. ; one from the Presbyterian Church-at Parma Center, N. Y. ; and one from Westminster Presby-terian Church of Rochester, N. Y., in favor of closing the World's Fair on Sunday, in which occur these gently persuasive words, viz.: "Resolved, That we do hereby pledge ourselves and each other that we will from this time henceforth refuse to vote for or support for any office or position of trust any member of Congress, either Senator or Representative, who shall vote for any further aid of any kind to the World's Fair except on condi-tions named in these resolutions." This same thing was said quietly in reference to the action of some of the members of the House of Representatives, in the last Congress, on Sunday bills then before them; in this Congress the open threat is made publicly, and to their very faces. THE Washtenaw Times, of May 21, has the fol-lowing paragraph, under the title, " It Is an In-fringement" :Š "Many of the churches are sending petitions to the House of Representatives, praying Congress for legislation prohibiting the opening of the World's Fair on Sunday. " Why is the demand made ? If these churches kept Saturday or Monday as a religious day, no such demand would ever have been Made by them. It is evident, therefore, that this demand is made because they regard Sunday as a religious day. This proves that this is wholly a religious question,. and Congress, therefore, has no right, according to our Constitution, to legislate upon it, even if this day is regarded by the majority as a holy day. If the State is to determine religious questions by the number of its adherents, and put its stamp upon the religion of the majority, then its ground is that on which all State reli-gions have rested, and under the color of which religious proscription and persecution have been perpetrated and justified. According to the great American principle in respect to the civil govern-ment, religious faith is no part of citizenship, and no criterion of right. Sunday observers, Saturday observers, and no-day observers, are dealt with on precisely the same terms, the State knowing them only as citizens. We forfeit no right by being one, and gain no right by being the other. It is not in the province of the State to decide which is true or which is false." THE Chicago News says, "The World's Fair is open on Sunday," and publishes the following edi-torial item in regard to the matter :Š It would be just as well for those personsŠand there are hundreds of thousand of them in the United States Šwho are trying to bring about the  closing of the World's Fair on Sunday, to bear in mind that the very thing against which they pro-test is now in full operation. The gates of the World's Fair are open every Sunday and hundreds of sight-seers go to it. They are readily admitted upon the payment of the established fee. The World's Fair Directors have thus decided the mat-ter of the Sunday opening, while the whole coun-try, represented by Congress, by great religious gatherings and many other influential bodies, is still debating the matter. It may well be asked: Are the World's Fair authorities justified in forestalling the judgment of the Nation in this matter ? There is little real difference between the present arrangement at Jackson Park and that which will be in force if the fully erected enterprise shall be thrown open to visitors on Sundays a year hence. Because of this action of the Directors the ques-tion now under debate by the whole Nation is not, "Shall the World's Fair be open on Sunday ?" but, " Shall the present condition of Sunday sight-seeing at Jackson Park be changed after the formal open-ing of the World's Fair ?' The World's Fair is open on Sunday. It is a con-dition, not a theory, that confronts us. The Chicago News is an humble follower of the Mail and Express, and would no doubt advocate the closing of all the parks to Sunday visitors. Ordinarily, in pleasant summer weather, Jackson Park is filled on Sunday with thousands of sight-seers. Shall the fact that a World's Fair is to be held in the Park preclude their going there on Sun-day for a year and a half ? SACRED CHRONOLOGY. BY SYLVESTER BLISS. This work treats of the Elements of Chronology, the different systems, and the various eras, and gives the chronology of the principal events recorded in sacred history from the creation, till the death of St. John. It also contains a vindication of the numbers of the Hebrew Scriptures. As an aid to investigation it is invaluable, The book has been thoroughly revised, and an entire chapter added, on the PEOPLING OF THE EARTH. This chapter is an exposition of the tenth chapter of Genesis, and gives an outline of the beginning of history and THE ORIGIN OF NATIONS. No student of history can well be without this book. 300 pages, cloth binding, with side stamp, $1.00. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 43 Bond St., New York City. Or, Oakland, Cal. WE manufacture a choice line of these goods, entirely free from lard and all adulterations, at the following prices:Š Fruit Biscuits, white flour, - sweetened, per lb. Fruit Crackers, not sweetened, 6i 66 whole wheat flour, " 66 66 Lemon Cream Biscuits 66 66 Graham 64 IC Oat Meal 44 66 16 Graham Crackers, slightly sweetened " not sweetened " 66 Oat Meal " slightly sweetened " " 4.4 if 44 not sweetened 16 It Whole Wheat Crackers, " ,, " very palatable, :: White46  Carbon —  Gluten 64 44 66 Cereola, a prepared grain food, in " " bulk, It 64 Pure Gluten, " Wheat " 6: 66  Cereal Coffee, prepared from grains only, a very choice and healthful drink, in one and a half lb. packages (Once used, never again refused), 25c These goods are put up in boxes, at the following prices:Š Fruit Biscuits, A and B, 31 lbs. per box, Lemon Cream Biscuits, 26 Graham ,. 28  li 66 It Oat Meal 4, 80  " 4, 4, Any of the above Crackers, quoted at 10 cents per lb., 38 lbs. per box, Cereola, in cases of 50 packages, one and a quar- ter lbs. each, Cereal Coffee, 25 packages, Cereola and Gluten are prepared foods, thoroughly cooked and ready for use by the addition of some fluid, as milk and cream, fruit juice or water, as best agrees with the individual. THE PILGRIM'S PROGRESS BY JOHN BUNYAN. Royal Octavo Edition in large type, and contains over 100 illustrations, 50 of which are full page. Cloth, with side stamp in ink and gold, $1.00.   CRUDEN'S CONCORDANCE A DICTIONARY, And Alphabetical Index TO THE BIBLE. Cloth, $1.25, Sheep, $2.50. THE CHRISTIAN'S SECRET OF A HAPPY LIFE. BY HANNAH WHITALL SMITH. Standard edition, I2mo, 240 pages, 75 cents. Handy classic edition, 18mo 292 pages, cloth, gilt edge, 85 cents. re''The above named books will be sent post-paid on receipt of price. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO. Or Oakland, Cal 43 Bond St., New York City. Cereola is a universal Health Food, and is calculated for use both in sickness and health. Goods, to the value of eight dollars, will be sent on tho re- ceipt of six dollars, being 25 per cent, discount. Itt ordering, please remember that the rate of freight on 25 lbs. will be the same as on 100 lbs. Remit by Bank Draft, Money Order, Express Order, or Postal Note. No private checks accepted. Write us for special rates on large lots. REFERENCES. To whom it may concern: We the undersigned, residents of Battle Creek, Mich., take pleasure in stating that Mr. Joseph Smith, manager of the Health Food Department of the Battle Creek Bakery Co., has resided in Battle Creek for nearly 20 years, and is a competent and responsible man, and of long experience in his line of busi-ness, and one whose goods we can heartily recommend to the public. BRIAR SMIRH, Editor Review and Herald. HON. W. C. GAGE, Ex-Mayor. J. B. KRUG, of Krug's Business College. THOMAS H. BRIGGS, M. D. HoN. GEORGE WILLARD, Pub. Jossrnal. S. S. FRENCH, 111, D. R. T. KINGMAN, Vice-President City Bank, M. RORABACHER, M. D. HON. W. H. MASON, postmaster. HON. J. W. BAILEY, Ex-Mayor. T. E. SANDS, M. D. "A" "A" 150 '15c 15c 12c 12e 12c 10c 10c 10c 10c 10e 10c 15c 30c 106 40c 20c $4.00 2.60 2.60 3.00 3.00 6.00 5.00 HEALTH FOODS. PURE CRACKERS AND BISCUITS, and Cereal Coffee MANUFACTURED BY TUE BATTLE CREEK BAKERY COMPANY. ESTABLISHED IN 1581. Address, BATTLE CREEK BAKERY CO., Battle Creek, _Mat, 