114 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "4. In the recent past and now the Saturdarians [by this term he refers to observers of the seventh day] are the worst organized foe to a Sabbath law. They are distributing millions of pieces of literature over our land of a plausible, but deceptive character, aimed to prevent Sabbath legislation." Now we had always supposed that the Christian religionŠthe gospelŠwas a "satisfactory prevention of Sabbath desecration"; in fact, we still believe this, and that conversion by its power is "the only satisfactory prevention"Šthe only thing that is sure to make a Sab-bath-keeper out of a Sabbath-breaker. But the bishop confesses that this remedy is unknown to him. A person desecrates the Sabbath when he does not keep it holy. And the reason the "Sabbath" (Sunday) is not more generally kept holy is, says the bishop, that the masses, including Christians, are indifferent, and large numbers of "foreigners" are opposed to Christian-ity. So in order to overcome this indifference and op-position to Christianity, and cause Sunday to be kept holyŠthat is, not "desecrated"Šhe would have a "na-tional SabbathŁ observance, law" ! A very likely remedy indeed! He says that "corporation greed forbids" three million of workmen taking rest on Sunday, who "would be glad of the privilege of the day of rest." But should a workman, or any person, not keep the day God has commanded, because "corporate greed" forbids it? If nobody kept a command of God which the devil, repre-sented by "corporate greed" or any other form of self-ishness, forbids the keeping of, how many of God's laws would be observed in the earth? The fact that the Al-mighty commands a thing to be done ought to be evi-dence enough to satisfy a bishop that the thing can be done, no matter what other power forbids it. And therefore "corporate greed" is no real reason why work-ingmen cannot keep the Sabbath. But how can the workingmen take a weekly day of rest when they would lose their positions by doing so? For answer one has but to point to the sixty thousand or more Christians in this country who observe the seventh day each week, and still get along, without any law at all in their favor. If the minority do not need "protection" by law, the majority certainly do not need it. The bishop is very indignant against those Chris-tians who observe the seventh day as the Sabbath,Š so indignant that he has to apply to them an epithet not found in the dictionary. But immediately following this, in answering the question "How can such a law be secured?" he says that "God commands the keeping of one day in seven as a day of rest." The seventh day people observe "one day in seven," which according to the bishop's statement is all that God commands, and yet for doing this he finds occasion to denounce them. In his view it must be that the church has authority to go beyond the commands of God and exact "duties"  of which his Word says nothing. And this is the pure doctrine of the church of Rome. ' The bishop sees that it is very essential that all people should observe one fixed definite day; but why then can he not give the Omniscient the credit of know-ing as much, and not claim that his law only commands the observance of an indefinite "one day in seven"? This "one day-in-seven" theory of the Sabbath com-mandment is only used to combat the idea that "the seventh day" in that commandment is the definite sev-enth day of the week, which the bishop- and all of like mind know very well they are not observing as the day of rest. The bishop simply does not believe in an in-definite seventh day at all; nor do any others who call for a Sunday laW believe in it. If they did they would not-,,call for a law commanding a definite day. And in all these calls for Sunday legislation, as in this one, there is revealed on investigation the arguments of the sophist and the principles of the papacy. All which proclaim that the cause of Sunday legislation is inher-ently bad. The Edict of Philip. BRINGING OUT BY CONTRAST THE MEANING OF THE FIRST AMENDMENT TO THE AMERICAN CONSTITUTION. BY JOSEPH BRA DFIELD. I ONCE read in an old book that James Madison who wrote the First Amendment to the Constitution, had before him when preparing the original draft, the celebrated:Edict of 1550, promulgated as a recapitula-tion and condensation of all the previous ordinances of the Emperor Charles V, respecting religious subjects. That edict will be found in Motley's 'Rise of the Dutch Republic," pp. 261, 264. Motley says that it was re-enacted by&Philip with the express advice of the Bishop of Arras; and Mendham says in his "Life of Pius V," that this ,infamous decree was entirely approved by the Vatican; that the Bishop of Arras was made a cardinal on account of his connection with it; and that the Duke of Alva, who carried it into execution, was presented by the popelwith a consecrated sword. The things forbid-den by the Edict of 1550 were precisely those intended to-be secured by the First Amendment, to wit:, "The free exercise of religion, freedom of speech and the press, and the right of the people peaceably to assemble and to petition for a redress of grievances." Its leading features are as follows:- 1. No one shall print, write, copy, keep, conceal, sell, buy, or give, in churches, streets, or other places, any book or writing made by Martin Luther, John Ecolampadius, Ulrich Zwinglius, Martin Bucer, John Calvin, or other heretics reprobated by the holy church. 