74 THE AIVIERICAN SENTINEL. "The experience of twelve hundred event-ful years, the ingenuity and patient care of forty generations of statesmen, have improved that polity [of Rome] to such perfection that, among the contrivances for deceiving and op-pressing mankind, it occupies. the highest place."ŠEssays Von Ranke. Ł " Rev." "Sam," Small, the associate reviv- alist with "Sam" Jones, was Secretary of the National Prohibition Convention, held at In-dianapolis. And what he wants to see, as stated in his own words at Kansas City, last winter, is this I wantto see the day come when the church shall be the arbiter of all legislation, State, National, and municipal; when the great churches of the country can come together harmoniously and issue their edict, and the legislative powers will respect it and enact it into laws." Was ever the Papacy more than that? Did ever the Papacy ask more than that ? Could it ask more? From these -evidences it is plain that the Prohibition party, as it is, is ,set for the estab-lishment of a religious despotism of which the Papacy, shall be at least a part. And whoever works for, or votes, the Prohibition ticket, works and votes for the establishment of such a despotism. The following letter, from a prominent,  Prohibitionist in an Eastern State, but who does not work for the Prohibition party as at present constituted, is sound and to the point: "The church may adopt any form of gov-ernment for itself that it chooses, but 'must keep hands off the civil Government. The worst despotism the world ever experienced was under a theocracy. The church party, misnamed Prohibition party, seeks to prose-lyte and carry on a religious crusade under the guise of a so-called political party. Put that party in power, and the priest and min-ister would supersede the judge, the jury would disappear, civil courts would give place to ecclesiastical courts, the public court room to the star chamber, the ordinary jail to -the inquisition. "My vote, and my voice, shall ever be for a free, civil, enlightened, and progressive Gov-ernment. "I am a dyed-in-the-wool Prohibitionist, and daily practice what I preach, but do not belong to the clerical party." This letter exactly expresses the views of the SENTINEL. The AMERICAN SENTINEL iS entirely and consistently in fa,vor of Prohibition; but it not in any sense in favor of religious legisla-rtion. What we here say is not against Pro-tibition, but against the religioug legislation felement, the Church and State element, in the Prohibition` party and in the Prohibition platform. Opposition to Church and State was hissed and yelled down in the California State Prohibition Convention of 1888. And consistent Prohibitionist told the Prohibi-tion party in that same copvention, that if they went into the campaign with the plat: form as it is, "they .would have to pass half the time in convincing the people that it was not a religious movement." The Prohibition party, both State and National, have gone into the campaign with that very platform,  and that party May spend all the-time in the endeavor, but ft Can never convince any thinking person that it is not a religious movement. The Prohibition movement as it is now manifested in the Prohibition party, and under its present platform, is nothing else than a religious movement; and that is only what the majority of the preachers, whether Protestant or Catholic, have in view who are making themselves so prominent in behalf of ProhibitionŠthey are only making Prohibi-tion the stepping-stone to religious legis-lation, and the establishment of their own power by it. And in view of the ecclesiastical engineering of the Prohibition party, Dean Milman's weighty words are of living impor-tance to every American citizen: "In propor-tion as ecclesiastics become co-legislators, her-esies become civil crimes and liable to civil punishments." The AMERICAN SENTINEL is in favor of prohi-bition everywhere and all the time ; but it is not in favor of religious legislation anywhere at any time. We would shut the saloon everywhere and forever; not because it is irre-ligious nor because it is violative of the law of God, for with such reasons the civil power can have nothing to do, but because it is uncivil. If the saloon were only irreligious, or were only violative of the law of God, the State would have no right to interfere-  with it to any extent whatever. But as it is essen-tially,uncivil, the State can and ought to abol-ish it entirely, yet never with any question as to whether or not it is irreligious or violative of the law of God. We would shut the sa-loon for the same reason that we prohibit the carrying of concealed weapons. We know there are many Prohibitionists who, like the correspondent whose words we have quoted, are as much opposed to relig-ious legislation, or priests in politics,' or churches in civil affairs, as we are; we know that in the California State Prohibition Con-vention there were powerful speeches made against the Church and State elenient in the Prohibition party ; but that element carried the day, and that element rules in the so-called Prohibitionp arty ; and whoever would not help forward the union of Church and ,State, and the establishment of a religious despotism in this Nation, should be as far as the East is from the West from voting the present Prohibition ticket, or working in any way' for the Prohibition party as it is. A. T. J. 44 Ł -4- The Catholic Review on Sunday. THE Catholic Church is ready with its ad-vice on the Sunday issue. Some time ago the Catholic Review said to the workingmen :Š "The time is near at hand when those who have so warmly advocated eight hours as a workman's day, will find it necessary to agi-tate for six day's as a workman's week. ' If the labor organizations are really anxious for an issue on which they can have the help of the vast majority of the American people, let them take up this of Sunday labor. They will find enormous obstacles to contend with in the widespread avarice of the non-Catholic workingmen as well as of the capitalists, If  the limit of a day's labor to eight hours is calculated to restrain the overproduction to which they object, the cessation of Sunday labor, which is now carried on to an extent enormously in excess of what the 'general public is disposed to believe, would exercise a still further restraint in this direction. If the labor associations are sincere in their pro-fessions, they will find that temperanceŠif not total abstinenceŠon all days of the week, and the Christian, observance of the Lord's day, will tend greatly to diminish many of the evils of ,which they justly complain:" Rome and the Public Schools. ONE day in the late Convention of the Na- tional Educational  Association, Professor Morgan, of Rhode Island, in replying to criti- cisms upon the public school, said that the opposition to the public schools comes from Roman Catholicism. The next day the fol-loviring "open letter to the heads of the departments of the National Educational As-sociation," appeared in the San Francisco Chronicle. The writer is chancellor of the archdiocese of San Francisco GENTLEMEN: When the National Educa-tional Convention, now in session in this city, and over which you preside, began its work, we were told that the great object of the con-vention was in the assembled wisdom of num-bers to compare methods, to interchange ideas, and unify the best methods of promot-ing‚the object of the public schools. We were naturally led to suppose that one other object would be carefully kept in view, namely, to maintain inviolate the boasted characteristic of the public-school system of this country, namely, its non-sectarian char-acter. Now, gentlemen, while these expectations were most reasonable, I beg to express what I believe to be the feeling of the great Catho-lic body of this community, including, I feel assured, every Catholic teacher in that con-vention, whether living here or coming hither from elsewhere, namely, our utter amazement at seeing your sessions regularly opened with prayer by Protestant ,ministers, representing the various Protestant denominations of this city. This we might have tolerated to gratify those who delight to pray in public places, but we certainly cannot permit to go, without a respectful protest, such remarks as the fol-lowing. I quote from this evening's Bulletin. The report given of the gentlemen's words is substantially the same in the Post and the Re-port. Prof. Thomas J. Morgan, of Rhode Isl-and, said This rising opposition to the public Schools comes from Roman Catholicism, and this op-position means nothing but their destruction Šwith them a destruction of our civilization, of our liberties, ,a return to the horrors of the Middle Ages." It is stated that these words were received with cheers and with hisses, but it is not said that these sentiments were repudiated by your presiding officet. Perhaps it was not his duty to do so. But if not, it is due the pub-lic to say that these sentiments' are an insult to, and an outrage upon, the feelings of half the community in which this, convention is sitting; an outrage upon the feelings of a large number of teachers composing that conven-tion ; an insult to, the largest body of Chris-tians in this great and free country, where, until now, it was supposed ,that no law, not even a' school law, should operate or permit such insult Since the catholic body of this 