AMERICAN SENTINEL. 627 Of course, those who are engaged in these "Christian" reform movements are moved by the Spirit of the Lord; hence the text must be altered which sets forth what the Spirit of the Lord moves a person to do ! 0, how much better it would be if these reformersŠwho have not a doubt that they are doing Christian work--would alter their conduct to fit the text, instead of trying to find a text to fit their conduct ! THE worst thing that could happen to the churches would be a law compelling every one to go to church. The worst thing that could happen for the diffusion of the spirit of Christian sabbath-keeping would be the in-vasion of the realm of purely Christian privilege by the civil law.ŠHergld and Presbyter, September 8. Shall the Government Enforce Sunday? IN one way and another, from time to time, pressure is being brought to bear upon the United States Govern-ment to force from it an indorsement of the Sunday sab-bath. In the summer of 1892 Congress yielded to this pressure and passed a law for closing the gates of the World's Fair on Sunday. The Sunday-closing of post-offices has for years been authorized by the post-office department at Washington in deference to the demands of the Sunday-observing element; and now an effort is being made by the citizens of Pittsburg, Pa., to induce the government, through the War Department, to com-mit itself definitely to the enforcement of Sunday observ-ance. The matter is set forth in the following from the Evening Star (Washington, D. C.), of September 23, last :Š "Acting Secretary Meiklejohn, of the War Depart-ment, has been called upon to decide a troublesome ques-tion in connection with the public observance of Sunday. A few months ago the government purchased the locks, dams, and otherimproVements of the Monongahela River at a cost of over $3,000,000, and opened the river to free navigation. This action was taken in pursuance of an act of Congress. "Since then the river has been used to a considerable extent by vessels carrying excursion parties, who usually chose Sundays for their merrymaking for the reason that Sundays were the only days they were not at work. The practice was exceedingly objectionable to the church ele-ment of Pittsburg, and a strong movement was started to stop what was termed the `desecration of the Sabbath.' All other efforts to stop the practice having failed, an appeal was made to the War Department, which has charge of the operation of the locks. "The appeal came in the form of a petition signed by many thousand persons residing in Pittsburg and vicin-ity. It represented the demoralizing effects of these Sun-day river excursions upon the community in general, and upon the young people in particular, and prayed the sec-retary of war to stop the practice so far as the Monon-gahela River is concerned, by refusing to open the locks to excursion boats on Sundays. "The authorities of the War Department question their right to discriminate against any class of boats de-siring to navigate the river on Sunday or any other day, but in order to get full, unprejudiced information on the subject, they have referred the petition to Major Powell, the engineer officer in special charge of the governmentŁ  river and harbor works in that vicinity. "The religious people of the smoky city are thor-oughly in earnest in the matter and are using their best endeavors to induce the War Department to aid them in enforcing a recognition of the Christian sabbath by pink-ing Sunday excursions on the Monongahela impossible. In view of the important and delicate character of the question, involving as it does questions of personal and religious rights, it is probable that the acting secretary of war will secure an opinion from the attorney-general before taking final action in the premises. Meanwhile, the department will not interfere with the privileges of excursion parties so long as the river is open to free nav-igation." Of course, there is not a shadow of right by which "the religious people" of Pittsburg can call upon the government to "aid them in enforcing a recognition of the Christian sabbath." As surely as it is true that this is a "government of the people, by the people, and for the people," and not government of the people by a class of the people and for that class, so surely is the govern-ment bound by every consideration of right and honor not to discriminate between any class of its citizens. The national Constitution expressly forbids any reli-gious legislation on the part of Congress, and thereby plainly enjoins the government from attempting to help " religious people" in " enforcing a recognition of the Christian sabbath." But it remains to be seen whether the War Depart- ment will ignore these patent truths and defer to the de-mands of the class who are trying to get.the government definitely committed to a policy of Sunday enforcement. But against it all the SENTINEL enters its most emphatic protest. A Basis for Some Startling "Reforms." THE Truth Seeker (infidel organ), of October 2, in noticing the late National Reform Convention at Colum-bus, Ohio, offers the following pertinent suggestions for "reforms" on the basis of that "reform" which is de-manded to-day by a large element in the Protestant churches :Š "In its call for a national convention the Reform party flings its constitution to the breeze. The docu-ment opens with the substance of the proposed Amend-ment to the United States Constitution, and among the reasons for adopting that Amendment, recites the fol- "'Remembering that this country was settled by Christian men, with Christian ends in view, and that they gave a distinctly Christian character to the institutions which they established,' etc. "Such an argument would afford excuse for some 