394 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. request that they pay sixteen and two-thirds per cent. of their income for the privilege of being reconciled to " the civic doctrine" of obedience to a dominant and distasteful religious custom; and second, and above all, Unless they are entirely lost to the religious integrity that has always characterized their race, they would still less appreciate his invitation that for the privilege of being so recon-ciled, they surrender to a dominant party, and to a distasteful custom., all their rights of conscience. , For, to surrender all their rights of conscience is just what he asks them to do. For when an exception is either asked or granted, upon the condition that those who are excepted shall " conscien-tiously " abstain from labor on another day, it then becomes a matter of judicial decision as to what is conscientious ab-stinence or observance. This has already been declared by the courts of those States which have exemption clauses in their Sunday laws. The decisions have declared that the burden of proof of conscientious action rests upon him who makes the claim of exception on account of conscien-tious observance of another day, and the proof must be such as will satisfy the court. Thus it is demonstrated that Mr. Ham-mond's proposition, of which he seems to be so proud, is simply a proposal that citizens of the United States and of the State of Tennessee, shall surrender to the control of courts and juries their con-scientious convictions, their conscientious beliefs, and their conscientious observ-ances; that they shall no longer observe the Sabbath according to the dictates of their own consciences, but only according to the dictates of the courts. This is precisely the doctrine of the dic-tum, of Judge Hammond, and it is evident that it was derived from Mr. E. S. Ham-mond, the individual; for it is in open con-tradiction to both the Constitution of the United States and of the State of Tennes-see, both of which were specifically before the Judge when he set forth his dictum. The Constitution of the State of Ten-nessee, whose citizens Mr. Hammond was.  endeavoring to reconcile to the dictates of a dominant religious party, by asking them to surrender to the courts their rights of conscience, plainly declares that " No human authority can, in any case whatever, control or interfere with the rights of conscience." Therefore it is plain that in the proposal which Mr. Hammond made to his Jewish fellow-citizens of Tennessee, he spoke in open contradiction to the Constitution of that State, as well as in total oblivion of every principle of the rights of conscience; and actually advised his Jewish fellow-citizens to surrender their explicitly declared Con-stitutional rights as well as their own individual and divine rights of Con-Nicnce, The Constitution of the United States which Judge Hammond is empowered to construe, which he is sworn faithfully to maintain, and which is intended to be the supreme guide in all the deliverances which he renders from the bench upon which he sitsŠ" the American Constitu-tio-n, in harmony with the people of the several States, withholds from the Federal Government the power to invade the home of reason, the citadel of conscience." It is' evident therefore that the principles of that dictum Were not derived, in any sense, from, the Constitution which the judge is sworn to maintain and which is intended to be his guide; nor were they derived from the Constitution of Ten-nessee which at the time was subject to his cognizance. Therefore, as the principles of Judge Hammond's dictum are not the Ł principles of either the Constitution of the United States, or the State of Tennessee, both of which were the direct subject of his judi-cial cognizance, and as they are explicitly the principles of Mr. E. S. Hammond, the individual, as expressed in his communi-cation, of August 12, 1891, to the Appeal-Avalanche, and as set forth " some years ago" from the,  lecture platform; it logic-ally follows that the principles announced in the dictum of Hon. E. S. Hammond, the judge, were derived solely from Mr. E. S. Hammond, the individual. And from this it follows inevitably that upon the question of religious right, Hon. E. S. Hammond of the Circuit Court of the United States, has not hesitated to set forth, from the judicial bench of the United States, his own personal and in-dividual opinions to clothe them as far as possible with the authority that attaches to such a position, and to pass them off upon the American people as the princi-ples of the Government of the United States. This illustrates another point, and one which all history emphasizes : that is, that whenever religion becomes in any way connected With the civil power, it is always the personal opinions, as to religion, of those who happen at the time to be in power, that are given the force of law, which all are expected to accept, and to which all are obliged, by authority of Government, to submit. And the first essay of the kind by a court of the United States, ought to be enough to awaken the people of this Nation to the wisdom of the Constitution and of the governmental fathers who made it, in straightly forbid-ding the Government to take cognizance of religious things in any way whatever. Mr. Hammond presumes to announce, for the Jews, that ech` of course he de-clares to be to the" credit," that "they adopt this [his] plan of compliance." But we are very happy to know and to publish, that he also announces that the " Anglo-Saxon, who follows the tenet of the Jews as to .tho abbatli?  is more irreconcilable  to the sacrifice he is called to make." All honor to such Anglo-Saxons then. We sincerely hope that every one of them will forever remain completely irreconcilable to any such sacrifice or compliance. Better a thousand times to die as poor King, the victim in this case did, condemned by such " process of law " and under one thousand dollars bail, or even in a dungeon, than to comply with bigoted demands of a religious party who, " in spite of the clamor for religious freedom and the prog-ress that has been made in the absolute separation of Church and State," and by " a sort of factitious advantage," " have secured the aid of the civil law." Better to die the freemen of Jesus Christ, than to live the slaves of a religious despotism. R. M. King, the victim of this persecu:-tion, is dead. He died as he had lived, a humble, harmless man, and sincere Christian. He died condemned by the courts of Tennessee, and the Circuit Court of the United States, and bound in one thousand dollars bail on appeal to the Supremo Court of the United States. By his death his case has passed from earthly courts and stands appealed to the Supreme Court of the Universe. That Court will surely sit, for "God hath appointed a day in which he will judge the world in righteousness." In that day there will sit a Judge with whom neither "factitious advantage " nor "public opin-ion," but only justice, shall have any weight. And in that day we would far rather stand in King's place than in that of his persecutors; for He who shall sit as Judge that day, has long ago declared, " Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me; " and " Whoso shall offend one of these little ones which be-lieve in me, it were better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck and he were drowned in the depth of the sea." A. T. J. Religious Battles of Political Religions. THE Mail and Express, quotes Presi-dent Amaron, of the French Protestant College, at Springfield, Massachusetts, as saying that "the Republicans of that State may thank the French and Irish Roman Catholic vote for their defeat." And also reports the Hon. Solomon Hirsch, United States Minister at Constantinople, as declaring "that politics there are purely battles of religions. The various countries stand for their respective religions, and the position which the ambassador from any country will take on any new issue in the Orient can be foretold just as soon as it is seen how it will affect the national church of his country." Upon this the Mail and Express comments, and applies its deductions to Tammany Hall as the controlling element of the Democratic party of this city and State, and, as purely a grand R011A.41 propaganda, trying to 