310 AMERICAN SENTINEL. for us sinners, now, and at the hour of our death.ŠAmen. Behold the handmaid of the Lord. May it be done unto me according to thy Word. Hail, Mary,' etc., as above, And the Word was made flesh, and dwelt among us. Hail, Mary,' etc., as above, closing with the Lord's prayer, Łas before stated. "Immediately upon the conclusion of this prayer, -and without any intermission or further calling of the school to order, the school exercises proper followed, and -continued till four o'clock. At four o'clock the teacher announced `School is out, and those who wish to go may go.' Then, without further dismissal or intermission, the same prayers were said and the same ceremony had which was followed, on two days of each week, by one half hour instruction in the Catholic catechism. There was no formal dismissal of the school, further than the teacher saying that those who wished to do so -could go." It will be observed that the teacher (a devout Catho-lic) took pains to minimize the force of the permission to leave the school before the religious exercises began, by proceeding immediately with the latter after a mere per-functory notice to the young pupils of permission to those who wished, to depart. It is proper to note, also, that nothing would be easier than for an unscrupulous orŁ religiously biased teacher under such circumstances to so manage affairs as to practically nullify, to a great extent, the liberty of absence from religious exercises which is thought to be a safeguard against injustice. In the case of young children, especiallyŠand these are the very ones that ought to be most jealously guardedŠsuch a provision could be easily deprived of its force by 41n artful teacher. The decision is eminently just, and will, we hope, serve as a precedent in all similar cases that may arise in the future. Longitude vs. the Week. A CORRESPONDENT living in Brooklyn inquires of the SENTINEL how people living in "Fiji, Tonga Isles, and the extreme east of Siberia," can know which day is the Sab- bath, in fact any other day of the week." We know of no reason why people living in the regions designated should be obliged to determine the days of the week in any different way from those living in New York City or London or Pekin. And as a matter of fact the inhabitants of those regions have the week and mark the days of the week the same as is done elsewhere, and we have never heard that they experienced any difficulty or were involved in any uncertainty in the matter. Doubt-less they would be much surprised to meet with anyone who would express a doubt upon this point. Adventurous travelers have explored nearly every square mile of the earth's surface, but none of them have had.any difficulty, even in the Arctic realms where there is a "day" of six months' length, in keeping track of the days of the week or in knowing the beginning and end of each day. God made the week and gave it to Adam and his pos-terity; and this primordial division of time has been maintained uninterruptedly from Adam's day to the present, being marked at its close by the Sabbath, which has always had some observers in every age of the world. The nation of the Jews has observed the Sabbath from the time of the falling of the manna, shortly after their exodus from Egypt, to the present time; and neither Jews, Christian Sabbath-keepers, Roman Catholics, Prot-estants or heathen, were ever in any disagreement con-cerning the identity of the days of the week. So all any-body has to do who wants to keep the Sabbath is to take the week as he finds it in the community in which he lives, and observe the Sabbath as commanded when it comes to him. The Creator knew all this when He made the Sabbath, and knew that in commanding its observance He would not be requiring anything difficult or unrea-sonable. 0- 0- 110 -4 -4 Dr. Lorimer on the " Puritan Sabbath." THE Rev. Geo. C. LorimerŁ, who has for several years past been connected with the Tremont Temple church, Boston, Mass., evidently desires no reestablishment in this country of the "Puritan sabbath." On a recent Sunday he spoke to his congregation on this point, the following, as reported in the Haverhill Gazette, of May 5:Š Ł "The term 'Christian sabbath' was unknown for the first twelve centuries of Christian history. The term sabbath' as applied to the Lord's day is unknown to the articles, the canons and the prayer book of the church of England. The Christian idea of the day is of a day of worship, refreshment, rest, peace, joy, liberty. The duty is therefore incumbent upon every Christian to claim these privileges for himself and for all persons committed to his care, and, as far as in him lies, to obtain and preserve it for the whole brotherhood of man. "Many eminent churchmen have rejoiced during the past-few years because of the opening of the art museums and public libraries during a portion of Sunday, yet this boon was the result of years of agitation, and the men and women whose unrelenting demands secured the priv-ilege were denounced as heretical persons who were plan-ning the general wreck of Christianity. . . . "When the Sunday evening concert was tolerated in Boston the amusement places were crowded every Sun-' day evening by non-going church people and the streets kept clear of that mob of aimless persons who always throng the public streets during an idle day. Certain churchmen concluded that the Sunday concert was re-sponsible for the small attendance at the evening church service, and acting upon this impression they demanded the police to interfere. What was the immediate result? Every hotel and brothel in the city became crowded and the churches did not gain a respectable increase. Under the Sunday-concert plan men were able to go to work on Monday morning, while under the present arrangement they are unable to do so owing to the debauch of the Sunday evening. 