320 ANnElai(CAN Sk..N7PINEL., VoL. 10, No. 40. NEW Yom, OCTOBER 10, 1895. Pr ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. IN Roman Catholic Austria, Sunday legis-lation has proceeded so far that tradesmen and others of the laboring class have begun an agitation against it. They are, of course, "protected" by this legislation, but somehow they do not want the " protection " thus af-forded. . Of course not; and it is the same here as there. Restriction of liberty is not made more palatable by being called " pro-tection." THE Philadelphia Record, of September 23, had this item:Š A peculiar penalty was inflicted upon three men at Norristown. John Jenkins, Mahlon) Markley, and James Dolan were acquitted on the charge of assault and battery on the promise that they would accom-pany the prosecutor, J. B. Fisher, to church for the next twelve Sundays. We have no doubt the magistrate did what he thought was the very best thing in this case, but by what authority did he act? What is the force of that provision of Article I. of the constitution of New Jersey, which says that no person shall "under any pretense:  whatever be compelled to attend any place of worship," etc.? WE print on page 317 an article entitled, " That Resolution at Saratoga." It is from Dr. E. T. Hiscox, the well-known Baptist minister and writer, author of the " Baptist Manual." We believe that Dr. Hiscox's statement as to the practice of Seventh-day Baptists in the matter of Sunday work is correct, and the' same is equally true of Seventh-day Advent-ists. Every consistent Seventh-day Advent-' ist must obey the Golden Rule, therefore no Seventh-day Adventist can render himself un-necessarily obnoxious to anybody upon any day. The consistent Sabbatarian cannot ob-,  serve Sunday any more than Daniel could' obey the decree of the king forbidding any man to ask any petition of any god or man for,  thirty days; but every Seventh-day Adventist can do to others as he would have them do to him; and as a class, this is what Seventh-day Adventists try to do. THE Mail and Express, the whilom organ of the American Sabbath Union, seems to be drifting from its moorings. In its issue of October 5, it has an article in regard to Sun-day in Chicago, in which, while the Chicago Sunday is denounced in scathing terms, the " Puritan sabbath " is likewise disavowed. The Mail and Express' Chicago representa- tive says :Š I believe in open libraries, in open museums, in the invigorating influence of parks and zoological gardens. I am in favor of long walks, of boating, of bicycling,  of any healthful amusement or recreation on Sunday. It is wrong to make Sunday a gloomy day, a day of prayer and church-going and nothing else. This sentiment is diametrically opposed to the theories advocated by the Mail and Express in all the past. It is the much hated "con-tinental Sunday." Mr. Crafts says: " Take the religion out and you take the rest out." It is not the purpose of the Sunday-law advo-cates to make Sunday a holiday but a holy clay. Is the Mail and Express growing weak in that faith? A QUEER scene was witnessed last week in a Brooklyn court when a Sabbatarian was summoned to court to defend his right to re-tain the guardianship of his own children. The basis of the action was that in observing the seventh day he was hindered from earning as much as he might otherwise do, and that therefore he was not a proper person to have the custody of his own children. It was charged that he had actually resigned a lucrative position in the New York Post Office because of his conscientious regard for the seventh day, and his unwillingness to work upon that day. This was held to be evidence that he was a monomaniac upon that subject. The attorney, who was prosecuting the case, got the man to actually " confess " that he felt that he ought to obey his con-science; that he ought to do what he believed was right regardless of consequences. It is true that the man is now earning $15 a week, but that is only about half what he received in the post office, and it seemed to be quite beyond the comprehension of anybody con-nected with the case that any sane man would think of surrendering a position that was pay-ing nearly $30 a week for one in which he could earn only half that sum, merely that he might obey a commandment of God. It may not be out of place to mention in this connection some comments made by an Ohio paper upon the persecution of Sabbata-rians in Tennessee. This paper, The Insti-tute Bell, deplores the intolerance and big-otry of those who are prime movers in this persecution, but at the same time makes an " argument," which shows conclusively that the editor has no proper conception of what it is to have a genuine conscientious conviction. The fact is that there is too much made of convenience and not enough of conscience. Custom and expediency are set above con-science, and while everybody grants as a the-ory that people ought to do right, very few realize that a man who violates his conscience for any reason whatever, sins both against God and his own soul, thus separating himself from God and losing his own self-respect and weakening his own moral character. APROPOS to the foregoing is the following extract from a letter from Berlin :Š A Seventh-day Adventist had an interesting experi-ence in Berlin a few weeks since. He was summoned to military service, and on Friday he went to the officer in charge and told him that he could not serve the next day. On Sabbath morning he seated himself to study the Sabbath-school lesson for the day, but was soon called for " duty ; " not obeying the call, one after another of the officers waited upon him, but  without success, until finally the chaplain was called. He was threatened with imprisonment, and at last they told him that absolute disobedience was punished with death. He told them that the Saviour died for him, and rather than disobey him, he would choose to die. They asked him who taught him such things ; he replied : " The Bible." Then they asked him if he had any literature on the subject, and he gave thirty of them something to read, and others asked him to send and get them some papers also, which he prom-ised to do. After consulting together, they pronounced him crazy and discharged him forever from military service. Thus in all the world loyalty to conscience and to God is regarded as evidence of an un-sound mind. THE following item is from the Sun of the 1st inst. :Š The Joint Arbitration Committee of the bakers' unions reported yesterday that at a meeting in 263 Bowery, the, unions reported that they were dissatisfied with the way President Roosevelt of the Police Board is enforcing the Sunday laws. There is a law, they said, by which bakeries and bakery stores must be closed at a certain hour on Sunday forenoon. A com-mittee was appointed.to  see him regarding the enforce-ment of this law. The unions say that if Mr. Roose-velt is sincere in his professions he will have to look after the bakeries as well as the saloons. We remarked last week that a demand for "liberal Sunday laws" in this city is a de-mand for " laws " that close barber shops and open saloons." The fact is that probably not one-tenth of the men participating in the demonstration for "liberal Sunday laws" were in a position to consistently demand any-thing in that direction. Most of them have, no doubt, at some time or other, given their influence in favor of making or enforcing so-called laws to compel other people to cease doing something on Sunday, that they might properly engage in were it not for the " law," thus restricting the liberties of those who are engaged in certain lines of business, and therefore forfeiting their right to protest when the so-called Sunday "laws" infringe their rights. Doubtless many of the bakers who are de-manding that the bake-shops close at a certain hour on Sunday forenoon, would like to ad-journ to the saloon or beer garden, which they would of course, wish to have open; but it will be very difficult for them to persuade the majority of the people that a place ought to be open for the sale of intoxicating liquors if shops for the sale of bread are closed; so that really such a demand is a demand that they be permitted to do as they please on Sun-day, but that other persons be restricted in their liberties. There is nothing in the world to prevent a baker from closing his shop at any hour, and there is no reason in the world why another should close at the same hour if he does not wish to. It is simply selfishness that de-mands it. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 