554 AMERICAN SENTINEL. free press; pure morals, unfettered religious sentiments, and of equal rights and privileges to all men, irrespective of nationality, color, or religion. Encourage free schools, and resolve that not one dollar of money appropriated to their support, no matter how raised, shall be appro-priated to the support of any sectarian school. Resolve that neither the State nor nation, nor both combined, shall support institutions of learning other than those sufficient to afford to every child growing up in the land the opportunity of a good .common school education, unmixed with sectarian, pagan, or atheistical tenets. Leave the matter of religion to the family altar, the church, and the private school, supported entirely by private contribution. Keep the church and state forever separate. With these safeguards I believe the battles which created the Army of the Tennessee will not have been fought in vain. Separation of Church and State. And this question will be conducive to anything but peace between the various religious bodies each of which claims to be the church of Christ. We have but to refer to the history of the church in the early centuries to find the matter illustrated in full. If the state, moreover, is to be Christian, it must en-force religion upon the people, for the state does nothing but by force. And as Christianity is inseparable from the law of God, the "Christian" state must proceed to enforce that law, and execute its penalty, which is death. But true Christianity means life for the transgressor, not death. Then, "Keep the church and state forever separate." Keep religion and the state separate. Keep religion sep-arate from force; let its power be always the power of love. All this is included in the admonition uttered by General Grant. Items of W. C. T. U. History. BY MRS. S. M. I. HENRY. "KEEP the church and state foreverseparate," said General Grant, in his address to the Army of the Tennes-see. "Very well," says some reader; "suppose he did say it; why refer to it now? I believe in the separation of church and state, and so does everyone in this coun-try; and there is no danger that church and state will be united. It would be contrary to the principles of the Government." Yes, we reply, it is a fact that the people here do not believe in a union of church and state, in a certain sense; that is, they do not believe the state should be joined with the Methodist, Baptist, Episcopal, Presbyterian, Catholic, or other denominational body, making that the state church and leaving all others out of considera-tion. That would be discriminately against the other churches, and would be contrary to theConstitution and would meet general opposition from the people. All this is true enough; but there is more than this to be considered. The principle of church and state union finds another way of expression, in which it is all the more dangerous because it is not generally recognized by the people. And this is in the union of the state with re-ligion. Are you in favor of the separation of religion and the state? It is impossible to keep church and state separate if religion and the state are unit« d. If the state is religious, if it is Christian, it ought to belong to a church. That is plain. The Christian Church ought to include everything that is Christian. It is not true to its purpose unless it does. When the state therefore professes religion, when it proclaims itself to be Christian, union with the church is demanded by the plain logic of the situation. And the question, What is the Christian Church? will surely be raised by the state's profession of religion. THE process by which a legal department became in-corporated into the plan of W. C. T. U. work will be readily apprehended from what has already appeared in these items. But this department deserves more than a passing notice. From the very beginning of our acquaintance with the saloon we were compelled to recognize it as a crea-ture of the law, a product of corrupt appetites, which met together, with only the bar of the saloon between them, the lust of gold and power on one side, and of sen-sual indulgence on the other. At every turn we were confronted with the appari-tion of greed, serving sensualism and doing so under the protection of and for the advantage of the same law-making power to which the weak and the illtreated must look for protection against oppression. The saloon for revenue was the monstrosity of American legislation.'  Furthermore, we could but see that this law was in itself but a criminal product of some power that had openly defied the law of God. We believed in the eternalintegrity of that law, and that no body of men could in anywise legally legislate that, which would either teach or enforce anything contrary to it. We read in the Bible that the law was a schoolmaster to bring us to Christ; and believed that, in a peculiar sense, the law of the land should be that schoolmaster; or, if not quite that, that it should never be an incorrigible truant authorized to run at large, and beguile and capture the weak and un-wary, and prevent them from finding the great Teacher from whom they must learn all truth. We boldly charged the law which licensed the saloon as a criminal, judged and condemned by the pure law of the Golden Rule, and treated it accordingly. We, however, from the knowledge which we then had, were compelled to believe that those who had brought forth this crim- 