AMERICAN SENTINEL. 775 Bard of the Declaration of Independence, is an "open war with the fundamental principles of civil liberty," and positively "deprives republican example of its just influ-ence in the world." And as that which did all this in Lincoln's day was hated by that great lover of liberty, why should not this which does the same things in our day be hated by every lover of liberty now? In his day Lincoln said that the Declaration of Inde-pendence was "assailed and sneered at, and construed and hawked at, and torn, till if its framers could rise from their graves they could not at all recognize it." That thing is being done again. At that time it was done in the interests of the spread of slavery; now it is done, and has to be done, in the interests of imperialism. At that time Lincoln said, "If that Declaration is not the truth, let us get the statute book, in which we find it, and tear it out! Who is so bold as to do it? If it is not true, let us tear it out!" And when, at such a sug-gestion, his audience cried out, "No, no!" Lincoln an-swered, "Let us stick to it then; let us stand firmly by it then." And so it is time to say again. For ten years it has been written that the United States would yet "repudiate every principle of a republi-can government." If we are not just now in the time when this thing is being done, how much further will things have to be carried in this direction before we shall be in the time of the doing of that thing? A. T. J. Imperialism a Menace to American Women. "Union Signal." IT is to be noted that not only are our statesmen dis-cussing the merits and demerits of that new issue in American politics, the "expansion" policy, and its con-sequence, an increased standing army, but that the brain which is behind the hand that rocks the cradle andŠwe are toldŠrules the world, is giving considerable thought to the subject also. And it is a question quite within the legitimate sphere of womankind, even though that sphere may be regarded as bounded by the four walls of home. Mrs. Harriet Stanton Blatch, considering the subject of imperialism in a pertinent article entitled, "The Manifest Destiny of Women," published in a New York paper, points out that colonial interests would mean to America, as it means to England, a loss of balance between the sexes at home, and that the re-sultant economic conditions are such as to draft women into the industrial army to fill the gaps made by a large standing army and a big navy. Women do not weep and wait while men go a-soldiering, but they go forth to fight the battle of life in field and factory. Mrs. Blatch concludes with these words: "Do the women of America wish to outnumber the men of their country; do they wish prostitution to increase; do they wish to be pushed out of their work of home-building into that of field and factory? If not, the time has come, especially for  the women of the working classes, to make their voices,  heard, and tell their men-folk that it is not the nation's, destiny to raise the Philipinos and lower their own women to the level of Continental Europe." THE ship of state of the American Republic seemsŁ about to be made over into a man-of-war. Christian Martyrdom in Russia. "Bible Echo," Melbourne, Aus. A BOOK, bearing the above title, has come to the ed-itor's table. It gives an account of a people in Russia, numbering over 20,000, and known by the name of Doukhobortksi, or spirit-wrestlers. Bitter persecution has fallen upon them of late, owing to the fact that they refuse to serve as soldiers in the Russian army. They appear to be a simple-minded people who regard the human family in the light of a brotherhood. They are sober and industrious, and take no part in the amuse-ments of worldly people. They use no flesh as food, drink no wine, and refrain from all that leads to a dissi., pated life. They worship no images, pay all state taxes, but refuse to obey when called to take up arms. Because of this, many of them have been imprisoned, and theŁ treatment they have received from Russian officials, if the statements are true, is horrifying and inhuman. Their condition at present is most distressing, and they are seeking opportunity to emigrate to some other coun-try. The following extract from the book, page 43, will , illustrate their position before the law:Š "What are you?" "We are Christians." "What sort of Christians?" "Do you not know what Christians are? A Christian- is one who believes in Christ Jesus and fulfills the com- mandments of God." "Whose subjects are you, the Turkish Sultan's or- the Emperor of Russia's?" "As a matter of form we pay tribute to the Czar of Russia, but we are the subjects of Jesus Christ." "And on whose land do you live?" "We live on God's earth." "And whom do you obey?" "We obey Him on whose land we live." "As you live on God's earth and obey him, I suppose you do not acknowledge the emperor?" "We do not take the emperor's title from him; as he has been emperor in the past, so let him be in the fu- ture. But God created the earth and all that live on the earth." "Then as you do not refuse to recognize the emperor, why do you renounce your duties as soldiers?" "It is not in our power to serve as soldiers, because we are Christians, and a Christian ought not to do vio- lence to his enemies, but to give full liberty to every living being, and not to kill his brother." "Where did you get this from? Did some one teach you so?" 