Cobb Remonstrating With Bunyan. Coss.Š" The king commands you that you should not have private meetings, because it is against his law, and he is ordained of God, there fore you should not have any." BUNYAN.Š" Paul did own the powers that were in his day to be of God; and yet he was often in prison under them for all that. And also, though Jesus Christ told Pilate that he had no power against him, but of God, yet he died under the same Pilate; and yet I hope you will not say that either Paul or Christ were such as did deny magistracy, and so sinned against God in slighting the ordinance."  "IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT: FOR I CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAVE THE WORLD."  Vol. 11, No. 40. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 8, 1896. Entered at the N. Y. Post-Office.   American Sentinel, Published Weekly in Defense of Religious Liberty. 'For Further Particulars and Terms see Last Page. EDITOR,. - ASST. .EDITOR,  C. P. BOLLIVAN. L. A. SMITH.  PERSECUTION AND " THE LAW." IT has been the custom of religious intoler-ance in all times of which history speaks, to seek to hide itself under the cloak of regard for "the law of the land." " We have a law, and by our law he ought to die," said the Jews, when they accused Christ before Pilate; and as religious phariseeism dealt with the Master, so has it dealt with his servants. They have, been accused, tried and condemned as vio-lators of "the law." It is maintained Š and very truthfully Š that a prime requisite of good and stable government is a pop-ular respect for the law. No one will more readily and heartily indorse this proposition than does the ChristianŠhe who, in the midst of the world's in-iquity, maintains allegiance to the government of heaven. He must stand for lawŠthe law of heavenŠin the face of the opposition of multi-tudes who neither respect nor obey it. The Christian will set an example before all, of obedience to the highest authority in the land. Respect for law can never properly lead to the prosecution of any person for an act per-formed in obedience to the dictates of con-science; provided of course that the act in question does not constitute an invasion of the rights of other persons. Injustice Not Law. It is often the case that "the law" in some section of the country, isŠeither designedly  or accidentallyŠin conflict with a course of action to which certain ones believe them-selves to be morally bound. In such a case it is a mistake to proceed against these per-sons with physical force simply because they are condemned by the statute. To say that it is not a mistake, is to justify nearly every persecution of Christians which history re-cords. But must not the law be wiforced? it may be asked. Yes; law ought to be enforced always and in every place; but injustice ought not to be enforced at any time or place. In-justice is not law, even though it be,embodied in a statute. Law is not created by the fiat of man; for law is justice, and as such was ordained by the Creator. The province of man in legisla-tion is to discover and define the law of jus-tice in those relations between men which involve the maintenance of civil rights. No man, or assembly of men,Šnot even the leg-islatureŠhas the right to perpetrate injustice;  and no human assembly has the power to manufacture justice. If the statute is against justice, it is by that very fact divested of all rightful authority and power, for justice is the law, and must prevail. Might Have Escaped by.  Promising Obe- dience. As we have stated, it was by means of un-just "laws" that most if not all of those per-secutions were carried on which stain the record of human history. The victims of those persecutions might in very many instances have escaped the fate which over-took them by simply prom-ising obedience to " the law." Because they would not do this they were counted obstinate and unreasonable, disturbers of the peace, etc., whose example was seditious and pestilential. The mag-istrates appeared to deal with them in a manner characterized by much leni-ency and patience; and after the rejection of all inducements to surrender what was deemed their un-reasonable notions, they were regarded as entitled to but scant sympathy. The purpose of this arti-cle can be best served, how-ever, by quoting from the language of one whose ex-perience was that of a hated and persecuted dissenter from the Church of Eng-land during his adult life, but whose name is now held in honor by all the Protes-tant world. We refer to John Bunyan. In his life narrative Bunyan relates his experience as a " criminal" in the hands of the civil au-thorities, for having preached the gospel to " unlawful " assemblies of the people, and in other ways expressed dissent from certain doctrines of the established Church. After Bunyan had lain seven weeks in Bed-ford jail, the time of the " quarter sessions" of court having arrived, he was brought be-fore the justices, under the following indict-ment: " That JohnBunyan, _of the-town of 