256 AmmiziCAN VoL. 11, No. 32. NEw YORK, AUGUST 13, 1896. IV".  ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. AN exchange calls attention to the attitude of the Democratic nominee for President, Mr. W. J. Bryan, toward Sunday enforcement, by pointing out that as a congressman in July, 1892, he voted " No" on' the question of making the congressional appropriation for the World's Fair conditional upon Sunday closing. Ł IT is asserted by one who has been an ob-server of the facts, that in Washington, D. C., there are more men arraigned in the courts on Monday mornings for drunkenness than in any other three days of the week. And yet Washington is a city which has Sunday prohibition. This is the way Sunday closing works in the interests of temperance. SPEAKING of the recent experience of Mr. Knapp, an American missionary in Turkey, with some officials of the Turkish government, the Independent of July 5 says: " He was compelled to give up his revolver, and was treated throughout as a criminal." There is usually some degree of connection between a criminal and a revolver; but it is not so evident what hardship there should be to a missionary in being obliged to part with such a weapon. Would it be that he would con-sider it a fatal blow to his success in mission-ary work ? THE Spiritualists are said to entertain strong hopes of converting the noted " freethinker," Ingersoll, to their belief, and it is quite pos-sible that their hopes are well founded. " Freethought," as represented by Ingersoll, is guided by the " evidence" of the senses, the same as is Spiritualism, and when suffi-cient " evidence" shall have been presented to the apostle of " free thought," in favor of the doctrine that the dead are alive and can communicate with their living friends, he cannot consistently refuse to accept it. And as this same doctrine is also a fundamental dogma of "orthodox" belief, we can see no logical reason why Mr. Ingersoll should not erelong be reckoned as belonging to "the church." The Independent of August '6 explains " for the benefit of the Catholic Review" and other Catholic journals, that its statement that "we need God in our politics as well as in our business and amusements," " did not mean that the General Conference of the Methodist Church should declare for the gold standard, nor that the Presbyterian General Assembly ,should give a deliverance on the tariff, nor  that the Bishops of the Catholic church should direct all good Catholic voters to sup-port Bryan and Sewall or McKinley and Ho-bart." Very true. Still, if it is proper to have " religion in politics," why should not the matter be taken up by the representative religious bodies, and managed by them in a way to make religion most effective in the po-litical sphere ? Perhaps there would be less contention among clergymen over political issues if they had some authoritative church pronouncements by which to be guided in their political discourses. THE question of Sunday enforcement is stirring the people of Gloucester, Mass. On the evening of July 23, the mayor's room at the city hall was packed with an audience gathered to hear arguments on the subject, pro and con. The meeting was the result of a trial of Sunday enforcement, and the great majority of those present voted in favor of its discontinuance. Several clergymen were present to argue for civil support of this church ordinance, but their words did not carry much influence, and they were consid-erably discomfi tted when one speaker inquired what it was they preached for on Sunday if not for their salaries. 'Certainly, if it is right for a preacher to earn money on Sunday by following his accustomed vocation, it is right for other persons to enjoy the like privilege. THE Sunday question is developing friction between the Methodist camp-meeting and summer campers at Lake Bluff, near Chicago, Ill. The Chicago Times-Herald, of July 31, says:Š There will be quite a rivalry, it is hinted, between the campers and the summer visitors for supremacy, and the contest promises to be an interesting one. The seaside devotees declare they will enjoy their Sunday swim while the revivalists quietly assert their opposition. The officers of the association refuse to make public their opinions on the bathing wrangle, and refer all questions to the association trustees. The latter say the matter will be settled by the village trustees at their meeting next Monday evening. Both sides are gathering their forces for the battle, and the meeting is expected to be a lively one. On every side we hear of opposing forces being called up in battle array, or engaged in combat, over the question of enforcing Sun-day. When the Church thus descends into the arena of civil strife, the standard of Chris-tianity is trailed in the dust. THERE can be nothing better calculated to aid in the establishment of good government than Christianity. The best form of govern-ment is that which imposes the least burden upon the people, and that form will be least burdensome which is simplest and leaves to the people the largest liberty of individual action. " That government is best which governs least," consistently, of course, with the maintenance of order and justice. Chris-tianity, by teaching an individual to live peaceably with all men, to be honest and just  in his dealings with all, and to do unto others as he would wish others to do to him, tends directly to the establishment of individual self-government, and thus to the diminishing of the machinery of civil government, which means the lightening of taxation and the re-moval of many public burdens. Then, it may be inquired, ought not a gov-ernment to promote Christianity in order that these benefits may accrue to its people ? The answer is, No; for the simple reason that Christianity, operating as it does through faith in the Word of God, is something wholly beyond the control or direction of the civil power. When the civil authority can put faith into a man's heart, it, can then promote Christianity, and not before. But faith is altogether voluntary, and hence a forced faith is not faith at all, but only hypocrisy, and hypocrisy is the very opposite of Christianity. However much, therefore, Christianity may promote those ends which good government seeks to secure, the latter must keep "hands off," and leave Christianity to be directed and enforced by the agent divinely appointed there-to,Šthe Holy Spirit. THE substance of an address made by Rev. W. J. Kershner to a Sunday-school conven-tion held at Wernersville, Pa., Aug. 1, 2, is thus reported in part in the Reading Herald (Reading Pa.), of August 3:Š The continual teaching by employers that men can work in defiance of God on Sunday is a cause of strikes. Iron men and railroad companies are pun-ished, destroyed and ruined because of their unwil-lingness to obey the divine command No. 4. The terrible condition of the iron industry and of the rail-roads is due to Sunday working. The world is rest-less and feverish to-day because the Lord's day is des-ecrated. That home of yours is not secure if you are not obedient to the Lord. Divorces, murders, sui-cides, are due to the neglect of God and his work. The man who takes of the Lord's day is a thief. Remembering that these assertions are made with reference to the first day of the week, let the reader turn and read " Command No. 4" of the divine code (Ex. 20: 8-11) and see where the charge of "Sabbath desecration" really belongs. FROM the Chicago Times-Herald we learn that in Chicago, by virtue of a recent decision of the post-Office authorities, the delivery of mail never ceases, not even on Sunday. "The general delivery window at the Chicago post-office," says the Herald, " never closes. The key has been thrown in the lake." Until very recently Chicago observed the common custom of one-hour opening of the post-office to the public on Sundays. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, . either in name or in fact. Entered at the New York Post-Office. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 BOND STREET, NEw YORK. 