334 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, MAY 25, 1899. ON another page will be found par-ticulars of the trial of Mr. Waters, at Gainesville, Ga., for breaking Sunday. See the article "Six Months in the Chain Gang for Working on Sunday," page 327. Won comes to us from Canada of the arrest of a seventh-day observer at Albuna, Ont.,Ša farinerŠfor do-ing Sunday work. May 19 was the date set for the trial but we have not yet learned whether the case has come to trial or been postponed. Further particulars will be given later. A NEW Sunday law is proposed for New Brunswick, its object being, as given, to "prevent the profanation of the Lord's day." It prohibits Sunday games and excursions, pro-vides a fine of $100 for any person or corporation allowing their em-ployes to work on Sunday, and of $20 or less for indulgence in such Sunday diversions as ball playing and running races. SUNDAY laws are not made to com-pel any person to work on the day he regards as the Sabbath, we are told. Nevertheless, just this thing is wrapped up in them. The law ar-rests him for, working on Sunday, convicts thin and puts him in the chain-gang, and then he is forced to work on the seventh day, which he observes as the Sabbath. First it makes a criminal of the man, and then it compels him to work on his sacred day as a matter of prison dis-cipline. There is merely a little beat-ing round the bush to accomplish the same thing that would be done by a law directly commanding Sab-bath labor. We do not say every  Sunday law has done this; but this is what might have been done, and doubtless will yet be done. It is a possibility which stamps the Sunday, laws as bad legislation. Tax hearing on the Rhode Island Sunday bill was held May 16, before a committee of the legislature, and the result was probably fatal to the bill, though the outcome of the mat-ter is not definitely known. Only one person spoke in favor of the bill, while several speakers opposed it. Among these was the secretary of the New England Sabbath Pro-tective League, who opposed the bill because it was not sorict enough to suit the "Sabbath reform" idea. The spirit of Roger Williams seems, how-ever, to be not yet dead in Rhode Island. As REGARDS the question of how much the Filipinos need American civilization, one thing is certain; namely, that if the Filipinos have anything in their savagery that is worse than the American saloon, it has yet to be discovered and men-tioned by any writer. There are some districts in the United States which might not unprofitably ex-change their American civilization for that of the Filipinos, if they could thereby eliminate the saloon. Tax pope, it is reported, has ap-proved the speech made by Bishop Spaulding, of the Catholic Church, at the Anti-imperialist meeting held in Chicago April 30. In this speech the bishop referred to imperialism as being in contradiction to the basic principles of American government, and repugnant to the deepest and noblest sentiments of the American people. For this let the pope receive due credit. We wish he would do something every week of which the SENTINEL could speak with approval. THE annual national assembly of the Presbyterian Church in this  country convened May 18 in Minne-apolis. In the opening sermon, de-livered by the retiring Moderator, Rev. Mr. Radcliffe, of Washington, D. C— the speaker said:Š "To-day, as we convene, the Peace Congress meets in the capital of Hol-land. The very call is the echo of Christ's prayer, 'Thy kingdom come.' "In the presence of these opportu-nities the church cannot be careless. We dare not, refuse obedience. He calls us to subjugation. Force is the only argument known to savages from Joshua to McKinley." This is a doubtful sort of reference to the President, th ough evidently not so meant; but we would merely ob-serve that, it is rather startling, even at this day, to note a prominent rep-resentative of a leading Christian church thus deliberately advocating the "gospel of force." We trust this sentiment is not general in the Pres-byterian body. This is certainly savage doctrine, and implies that the savages are not all in the isl-ands of the sea. DON'T miss reading "The Constitu-tion of American Imperialism," the concluding article of which appears in this issue. If you don't see any-thing more than politics in this ques-tion of American imperialism, you should by all means read these arti-cles from first to last. Very likely you will change your views if you do. "WHAT will become of the Bible?" inquires the New York Sun, in view of the spread of the ideas held by the Briggs school of theologians. See page 352. The old Bible, as the. Sun points out, has been the basis of all the enormous work done for hun-dreds of years in the missionary field; and now this basis is being re-pudiated as unsound.. Nevertheless the work will stand, and the old Bible will stand. The question is not as to what will become of the Bible, but what will become of indi-viduals who set their finite wisdom above it. And there is no verygreat question about that, either. 