So to our Adventist cranks we make the pleasing announcement that within Swiggart's jurisdiction they have the encouraging pros-pect of being able to manufacture a large quantity of first-class martyrdom. repeal of the Sunday law ? And, meantime, will the pa-tient endurance, the 'sweet reasonableness,' the martyr spirit of those who when they are reviled revile not again, so prevail against the animos-ity of their neighbors, that very shame shall extinguish the ardor of Christian mobs and public officials ; and the Sunday laws, though not yet repealed, shall be permit-ted to lapse into 'innocuous desuetude I ' Well, let us hope for each and all of these things."Šfames T. Ringgold, of the Baltimore Bar, in " The Legal Sunday." " Fear none of those things which thou shalt suffer: be-hold, the 'devil shall cast some of you into prison, that ye may be tried ; . . . be thou faithful unto death, and I will give thee a crown of life." Rev. 2 10. The Capps Case by a Tennessean. Tins is but one of a series of cases tried in the courts of Tennessee, all involving directly and unmistakably the freedom of religion, the liberty of conscience. The bare statement of the case ought to be sufficient to startle every true Tennesseean to a realization of the dangers that threaten our institutions. The idea of a peaceable, orderly citizen, being arraigned in our courts for no other offense than that of insisting on the right to worship as seemeth good to him in the sight of God, would have been a sufficient tocsin of alarm to have brought every Tennes-seean to his feet in manly protest againstt such an outrage as long as the spirit pre-vailed that inspired Jackson and his com-patriots and their immediate successors to the deeds of valor in the cause of liberty, religious as well as political, that made this State, among all the States, the vol-unteer State. The inspiration that must have guided our sires in all these deeds of glory is surely fled the land. Their sons seem to have inherited none of it, else these shameful persecutions, under the forms of law, though it may be, could not transpire, and Tennesseeans still have the hardihood to boast that our laws and. in-stitutions are founded on a love of liberty and fairness to all alike. Instead of these things alarming our people to a realizing sense of their danger, they seem to look on with almost stoic in-difference. Indeed, as long as such edito-rials, as appeared in a paper published in the immediate locality where this shame-ful persecution occurred, go unrebuked by the balance of the press of the State, it seems the spirit of liberty in the State is dead. No Puritan ever gloated with more fiendish or inhuman delight over a hap-less victim consigned to jail or the stake in the days of bitterest and most shame ful persecutions for conscience' sake in New England, than does this editor over the imprisonment of poor Capps. According to this editor the gravamen of Capps' offense seems to be " the great scandal of the neighborhood," resulting from his "setting his plow to going on Sunday." Some narrow-souled, white-livered Puritan was always greatly scan-dalized if his neighbor was not altogether as pious as himself, or even if his piety took a different direction to his and led him to maintain any religious view differ-ent to his, the Puritan's. The organized, systematic crusade of the whole world by SEPTEMBER 6, 1894. A.IVILEARACAN  275   and the deluded crea-ture at once set his plow to going on Sunday, to the great scandal of the neighborhood and defiant violation of the Łcivil law. Numerically consid-ered, these Adventist cranks are about the weakest sect in the Union, but they have a daring persistency and bold aggressiveness about them that have enabled them to kick up more devilment to the square inch than all the other religious fa-natics combined. All during election day one of these meek-looking apostles, who somebody as a Mormon missionary. They at last got a convert. That is all they wanted. They converted a poor, weak, insensible, near Treze-vant, " Hath not God chosen the poor of this world rich in faith, and heirs of the king-dom ?" James 2: 5. " Not many wise men after the flesh, not many mighty, . . . are called. . . . God bath chosen the weak things of the world to confound the things that aro mighty." 1 Cor. 1 : 26, 27. Ł "Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work." Ex. 20: 8. "I have always understood that these people are peace-ftble and law-abiding citizens, and I have yet to learn that the acts for which they are indicted have injured or dis-commoded their fellow-citi-zens in any way, or interfered in the slightest with any sub-stantial rights of others."ŠEx-Governor Porter, in Mem-phis Commercial, Feb. 3, 1893. On this point see also Ex-Senator Tolley's article on this page. The fine and costs in the Circuit Court amounted to 851.80. " The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord," and the sign of his power. Sunday is the Sabbath of the Roman Catholic Church, and the sign of its power. Š Abridg-ment of Christian (Roman Catholic) Doctrine, p. 58. "The imprisonment of Sev-enth-day Adventists in several States . . . for perform-ing bodily labor on the Lord's day, commonly called Sun-day, proves that the Govern-ment assumes the right to enforce a religious dogma of the Catholic Church.ŠGeorge Pax, Catholic priest, of Sleepy Eye, Mime. Seventh-day Adventists refuse to ob-serve this " dogma of the Catholic Church," and fur-ther refuse to pay a fine on their loyalty to God. " The rulers of Massachu-setts put the Quakers to death and banished ' Antinomians ' and Anabaptists,' not be-cause of their religious tenets, but because of their violation of civil laws, This is the jus-tification they pleaded, and it was the best they could make. Miserable excuse But just so it is; wherever there is such a union of Church and State, heresy and heretical practices are apt to become violations of the civil code, and are punished no longer as errors in religion, but infractions of the laws of the land. So the defenders of the Inquisition have always spoken and writ-ten in justification of that awful and most iniquitous tribunal. "ŠReligion in Amer-ica, p. 94. " Fear not, little flock ; for it is your Father's good pleas-ure to give you the kingdom." Luke 12 : 32. " Enter ye in at the strait gate: for wide is the gate, and broad is the way, that leadeth to destruc-tion, and many there be which go in thereat: because strait is the gate, and narrow is the way, which leadeth unto life, and few there be that find it." Matt. 7: 13, 14. "Blessed are the meek: for they shall inherit the earth." Matt. 5: 5. " But sanctify  the Lord God in your hearts: and be ready always to give an answer to every man that asketh you a reason of the hope that is in you, with meekness and fear." 1 Pet. 3: 15. Preach the word; be in-stant in season, out of season; reprove, rebuke, exhort with all longsuffering and doctrine. " We have wronged no man, we have corrupted no man, we have defrauded no man.' 2 Cor. 7 : 2. And to all con-cerned we say with terrible earnestness, Count well the cost before taking upon your-selves the awful responsibility of attempting to force upon us, by pains and penalties, the sign of allegiance to Rome. Beware, lest haply ye be found even to fight against God.' " (Quoted from " liter-ature " alluded to.) " I believe that the action of our courts with reference to this question of compulsory Sunday idleness has hitherto been in contravention of the principles of American liberty as well as contrary to the ex-pressed provision of the Con-stitution of our State."ŠEx-Governor Porter, in Memphis Commercial, Feb. 3, 1893. "The object of this Associ-ation shall be to protect the rights of conscience ; to main-tain a total separation between religion and the civil govern-ment; and by means of the platform and the press to educate the public mind on the relations that should dxist between the Church and the State."ŠArt. 2 International Religious Liberty Association Constitution. Though repeatedly charg-ing Seventh-day Adventists with a desire to become " martyrs," " to reach the goal of martyrdom," to "get a place in the book of mar-tyrs," etc., the editor now contradicts his own statements by declaring that instead of going to jail as soon as fined, they "employ strong counsel for defense and vigorously contest every inch of ground in the courts," and "invari-ably make an appeal to the higher court." " Consistency, thou art a jewel!" "R. M. King, the victim of this persecution, is dead. He died as he had lived, a hum-ble, harmless man, and a sin-cere Christian. He died con-demned by the courts of Ten-nessee and the Circuit Court of the United States, and bound in $1,000 bail on ap-peal to the Supreme Court of the United States. By his death his case has passed from earthly courts, and stands ap-pealed to the Supreme Court of the Universe." "Will the Seventh-day Ad-ventists make history,' as their prototypes did of old ? Will their persistent and unhesitating choice between ' Diana and Christ' profit-ably compel the attention of those who lead public opinion and mold it into laws to the anomaly of the existence in free America of any statute which is simply the embodi-ment of a religious dogma, and which can be used by one sect to persecute another, so that there shall at last arise in every State, some prophet bold enough to propose, and strong enough to carry, the Of course, the poor fool had to be arrested, arraigned in court, fined a small sum, and, to reach the goal of martyrdom, of course the convict refused to pay the fine or secure it, and the judge could do nothing else but send him to jail. Eureka! The Adventists had gained what they started in for ; they now have at last a " martyr" in Weakley County. They now 'could scatter their mean-3ley literature over the 'country, announcing in 'tragic terms that in their laud of boasted freedom, under a Con-stitution guaranteeing religious liberty, there was a man lying in a Weakley County jail because he insisted on worshiping God ac-cording to the dictates of his conscience. That's the way the Adventists always pre-sent the matter, ever suppressing the fact that their " martyrs " are not in jail for their religious opinions, but simply because they are defiant violators of the civil law. appeared like he would very much enjoy being kicked for the Lord's sake so that he could get a place in the book of martyrs, stood at the polls and handed out to each man a pam-phlet purporting to ex-plain why his church would not observe our Sunday. The literature is of the same kind that is so industriously sent out from the sect's head-quarters atBattle Creek, Mich.; every line of which is a vicious at-tack on our Christian Sabbath. Judge Swiggart and Jno. Bond, who was then our attorney-gen-eral, had a bothersome experience with these fanatics in Henry and Obion counties for a number of years. The organization at Battle Creek, known as the Religious Liberty Association, keep an eagle eye on all cases where their members are jailed for violations of our Sunday law, and they flock to the scene of manufactured mar-tyrdom, employ strong coun-sel for the defense, and vigorously contest every inch of ground in the courts. Where they lose in the lower they invariably make an appeal to the higher court. In the case of King in Obion County, these resolute fanatics had carried their case to the Supreme Court of our State, which affirmed the decision of the lower court, and then the case was appealed to the United States Supreme Court, where further litigation was stopped by King dying. Judge Swiggart has announced from the bench that no specious plea of religious liberty can influence him from strictly applying the plain statute of our civil law in these cases of willful and defiant violation of the Sab-bath, and that every man so charged and convicted before him will be fined and sent to jail if he fails to pay the fine. 