746 AMERICAN SENTINEL. such attempts have failed. The conquest of the islands must be a failure, so far as the moral and physical up-lifting of the natives is concerned. There, as everywhere else, this result can be secured only by the "power of God unto salvation." * * * THE Carnegie Company has purchased a Cuban rail-road and also the Ponupo manganese mine, which is considered one of the richest in the world. It is safe to conclude that this company is not calculating on Cuban independence. * * A PROPOSAL to change the military government in Cuba to a civil government, still under American rule, has drawn out a strong protest from the Veterans' As-sociation, of Matanzas, which says they have sworn to obtain the independence of Cuba or die in the attempt. A proposed change in the form of government, without a change in the governing authority, has a very suspi-cious appearance in their view. * * * Tars is not a very flattering comment on the alleged national Christianity of this country, which was made by Mrs. Ellis at the W. C. T. U. convention, relating to the effort that was made to enlist the Government against the sale of liquor in the army camps:Š "Dear friends, there was not a man, from the Pres-ident of these United States down to Mr. Brewster, chairman of the committee on the liquor traffic, that dared touch that measure. The great brewing interest of this country had laid its hand upon the great politi-cal forces of this nation and said, 'Don't you touch that thing.' They did not touch it. But the petitionsŁ came pouring in by hundreds and thousands, and the great wave of sentiment kept rising, so that General Miles did issue an order." This illustrates the difficulty of securing reform when the reform has not begun in spirit in the hearts of the people upon whom it depends for success. Legis-lation is never the true starting-place of successful reform. * * TEIE following resolution touching the ballot was passed at the recent convention of the National W. C. T. U.. "Whereas God created man in his own image, male and female, and gave them dominion, and therefore, we believe in the equal right of both to hold opinions and to express the same in the home, on the platform, in the pulpit, and 'at the ballot box. "As 'persons born or naturalized in the United States and subject to the jurisdiction thereof,' we 'are citizens of the United States and of the State wherein we  reside,' and 'as no State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citi-zens of the United States,' we claim that the exclusion of women from the ballot box in any State is in direct violation of the Constitution of the United States. (See Article XIV., amendment to the Constitution.)" And from a constitutional point of view, there ap-pears no flaw in this reasoning. National Reform Convention in Boston. A\ NATIONAL Reform convention was held in Boston, Mass , November 21, at which the prominent ideas and aims of the organization were discussed, and the animus of this "reform" movement was set forth. From the Boston Herald we reprint the following notes of the pro-ceedings:Š "At the afternoon session of the National Reform convention in the Bromfield Street M. E. Church, yester-day, the Rev. S. McNaugher, pastor of the First Re-formed Presbyterian Church, emphasized 'The Moral Accountability of the Nation.' Citing from the views of Dr. McAllister, he described the National Reform con-vention as a movement against the secularism which was gradually asserting itself in the political life of the country. We were, he said, going after false gods, and an evidence of this was the probability that, owing to the secular character of our Constitution, Congress would be obliged to seat the avowed polygamist who had been elected to its membership. The speaker went on to argue that, as the nation existed as a moral being, and was an organic and a personal unity, it had its origin in God, and was morally responsible to him. "The Rev. S. W. Dike, secretary of the National 'League for the Protection of the Family, next spoke on `The National Constitution and Divorce.' He said the divorce laws in this country were in the condition in which general laws relating to crime were 100 or 200 years ago in England. For divorce was the legal ex-tinction of the family, effected in ordei' to save the indi-vidual happiness of the members of that family. The association represented by the speaker wished an in-creased sense of the sacredness of marriage, so as to re-duce the number of divorces, its view being that, as the worst use to make of a man was to hang him, so the worst use the State could make of a family was to bring it to an end. . . . "A resolution was passed pledging the meeting, in case Roberts was allbwed to take his seat, to put forth every effort to obtain his immediate and unconditional expulsion from Congress. "The Rev. Charles J. Cameron, pastor of the Fourth Presbyterian Church, South Boston, next spoke on 'The National Constitution and the American Sabbath.' He submitted that it was the Sabbath-keeping nations which enjoyed the greatest liberty, and warned his hear-ers that if the United States went on disregarding the command to keep the Sabbath holy, the wrath of God would overtake her. . . . "The Rev. A. H. Plumb, a Congregational clergy-man, held that, in view of the parental function of the 