111011kOpo  ovt, 111011101 lli1.00.01,111,fi0 ' 111$ pi11111.111  11111111111111111111111111111  1111111111g offitilt, 1"114111111 (1!1..14(101(iiiu(10 Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.Š Thomas 7efferson. VOLUME 6. NEW YORK, JULY 30, 1891. NUMBER 30. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. Mc SEE. THE opponents of Sunday baseball in Missouri have forced the question to a test under the State laws in the courts at Kansas City. When the courts in the different States have been brought to give decisions upholding Sunday laws in such cases as liquor selling, and playing base-ball, which appear to the majority to carry no religious significance, then, es-tablished upon a sure basis, these laws will be used for open religious persecu-tion. The results of the subversion of a religious principle are always in the end disastrous. A RECENT case in Austria illustrates the beastly injustice of permitting ecclesiastics to mold the legislation of a country. In 1870 a Roman Catholic priest abandoned the Catholic faith and became an Evan-gelical. In 1879 he married and lived happily, but a year or two ago his mar-riage had to be legally tested, and it was pronounced invalid. He appealed, but now the highest court announces that the present state of legislation does not per-mit a man who has vowed celibacy to be freed from his vow. Austria is a good country not to live in. AMONG " Foreign Notes " the Sun pub-lishes the following The fashion which has changed even the British Sunday from a day to be observed with punctilious attendance at church, and precise and formal dress into an occasion for lounging in boating and tennis flannels, has been so sweeping that the residents of Brighton are forced to complain against the great number of respectable men who loaf about in flan- nels with pipes in their mouths and little caps on their heads. The aspect and character of Brighton are radically changed. This is drawing the line even closer than it has yet been drawn in this coun-try. True, the evident purpose of the va-rious so-called Sabbath unions is to make life outside of the churches insupportable on Sunday; but as yet even Mr. Crafts has not been bold enough to denounce as a civil offense the wearing of flannel suits on that day. It seems not impossible, however, that erelong full dress suits will be required on SundayŠof course merely as a police regulation. Why They Offer Exemptions. LAST week we showed by the official record that the Sunday-law workers know full well, and Mrs. Bateham in particular, in a way that she will never forget, that the exemption which they propose in their national Sunday-law scheme in favor of those who observe another day, will de-feat any effective enforcement of the Sun-day law; and that, therefore, in order to carry out their intent in the law, one of the earliest things that they will have to do is to secure the repeal of the exemp-tion. Why is it, then, that in the face of the record, and in the face of their knowl-edge of the record, they still persist in offering the proposed exemption ? The " why " of this thing is well known, and it is well known to themselves. They know it, and we know it; and they know that we know it; and they know that we know that they know it; and not only is it so with us, but with many others. This is also a matter of official record. They were told of it in the presence of the House Committee on the District of Co-lumbia and a large audience besides, Feb-ruary 18, 1890; and here is the record of that part of the Sunday-law story:Š Mr. Jones:ŠI read from the bill the exemption that is proposed: This act shall not be construed to apply to any person or persons who conscienti-ously believe in and observe any other day of the week than Sunday, as a day of rest. Now why is that clause put in the bill ? The intention of the law-maker is the law. If, therefore, we can find out why this was inserted, we can know what the ob-ject of it is. During the past year Mr. Crafts has advertised all over this coun-try from Boston to San Francisco, and back again, and has repeated it to this committee this morning, that the Seventh-day Adventists and the Seventh-day Bap-tists are the strongest opponents of Sun-day laws that there are in this country, and that they are doing more than all others combined to destroy respect for Sunday observance. All this; and yet these are the very persons whom he pro-poses to exempt from the provisions of the law, which is expressly to secure the observance of Sunday. Why, then, does he propose to exempt these ? Is it out of respect for them, or a desire to help them in their good work? Not much. It is hoped by this to check their opposition until Congress is com-mitted to the legislation. How do we know this ?ŠWe know it by their own words. The lady who spoke here this morning as the representative of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, Mrs. Catlin, said in this city, " We have' given them an exemption clause, and that, we think, will take the wind out of their sails." Well, if our sails were dependent upon legislative enactments, and must needs be trimmed to political breezes, such a squall as this might take the wind out of them. But so long as they are dependent alone upon the power of God, wafted by the gentle influences of the grace of Jesus Christ, such squalls become only prospering gales to speed us on our way. By this, gentlemen, you see just what is the object of that proposed exemption Šthat it is only to check our opposition until they secure the enactment of the law, and that they may do this the easier. Then when Congress shall have been com-mitted to the legislation, it can repeal the exemption upon demand, and then the ad-vocates of the Sunday law will laeive ex- 