JULY 9, 1806. ANJLIMEtiCA_N 11-4 NTrilriaNTMI.A Z16 any nation: but truth is always the same, and knows no standard but one. . Indeed the synod of Dort, and the reform-ers of the English church, have done what mortal men could do to fix an everlasting standard of orthodoxy by tying all future professors to subscribe their traditions. But even that is insufficient. For, by the help of mental reservation, many subscribe contrary to their real belief; and others, who have not that address, even go without a benefice, let them believe the Bible ever so piously. Yea, I have known many deemed heretics, and burned at a stake, merely for believing the Bible. Orthodox papists, orthodox Epis-copalians, orthodox Presbyterians, and ortho-dox Congregationalists, have all had the honor of putting people to death for their want of orthodoxy; that is, because they were daring enough to think for themselves, contrary to the known maxims of the orthodox priests, in every age. You know, it is observable, that the orthodox are condescending enough to suffer other people to have thought for them. IMPIATOR. What, cousin, has any sect of Christians, besides our friends the papists, been found to persecute those who differed from them ? DISCORDANS. Yes, cousin, every sect which has at any time been happy enough to grasp the reins of government for the time being. The worthy papists bore the bell of orthodoxy for the space of twelve hundred and sixty years, during which time much blood was shed by open massacres, secret as-sassinations, pretended judicatures, acts of bloody faith; and, at last, to finish the bloody reign of antichrist, England, France, the Netherlands, and the valleys of Piedmont swam with the gore of such who would believe the Bible sooner than the voice of the priests. Queen Mary's reign furnished the orthodox in her day with a fine opportunity of discov-ering their zeal for the church, by murdering those who believed and obeyed the Bible; but her reign being short, and Elizabeth ascend-ing the throne upon her demise, the other scale rose uppermost, and the Protestants in their turn became orthodox; that is, got the government into their hands. 0, the violence of reputed orthodoxy! Those same gentlemen were no sooner emerged from prison than they also let the world know that they were not to be differed from with impunity; that the formula of their faith and worship must be regarded with as implicit obedience as that in the former reign imposed by the papists. Now the Presbyterians, In-dependents, and other Congregationalists, felt the weight of their rage, or, if you please, zeal for orthodoxy, and the good of the church. Now the prison-keepers, and their friend Master Ketch, had pretty near as good a run of trade as in the reign of Mary. And now the wilds of America began to be well peopled with English Protestants and op-pressed dissenters; and the good Episcopal-ians at home, kept the fleece to themselves, and had all the good of the church before them. But those said Presbyterians and In-dependents had no sooner crossed the ocean for conscience' sake and found themselves secure from Episcopalian rage, than they themselves commenced orthodox and set up their own formula as the standard of religion, to which they required as implicit submission from others as the good bishops of England had erewhile done from themselves; and now the poor anti-pedobaptists and Quakers were taught, that a mittimus is a mittimus, whether it is signed by 'a papist, an Episco-palian, or a Presbyterian; and that sentence of death is to be dreaded as much from the mouth of the latter as of the former. Those same dissenters, who had so lately found Old England too hot for themselves, by the glow-ings of priestly zeal for orthodoxy, soon made New England too hot for the poor Quakers and anti-pedobaptists; who to escape the rage for Presbytery, fled, the one to Pennsylvania and the other to Rhode Island, that they might not be compelled to worship God E.c-cording to other people's consciences, and contrary to their own. INFIDEnis. So then the old spirit of call-ing down fire from heaven upon heretics, or those who walk in a different way, it seems has prevailed in modern times as well as of yore. 0 what a mask is that! human rage in the character of godly zeal! It is wonder-ful to see people glorifying the prince of lib-erty, but shutting their brethren up in a dun-geon for conscience' sake; worshiping the Saviour of men's lives by putting people to death, because they will worship him in a dif-ferent form; and it is as wonderful that the ambassadors of peace, as they call themselves, should be the principal agents of this vio-lence. DISCORDANS. But for the ambassadors, persecution had never been known in the world, sir. The laity have so little zeal for God, that they would, if not instigated by the clergy, suffer men to worship him according to the best understanding they have of his mind revealed in the Bible. But the ambas-sadors are quite of another opinion; for, by them it is determined that God shall be wor-shiped in the very mode by them directed, or he shall not be worshiped at all, if they can help it. The hour of persecution, alias pun-ishing of heretics, must all be ascribed to the reverend ambassadors. IMPIATOR. By ambassadors, I suppose, cousin, you mean popish priests in contradis-tinction from Protestant ministers_ ___ DISCORDANS. I mean both papists and Protestants, cousin; and with me it is not very easy to determine which best deserve the honorable appellation. But to return to my story. I taught the re-spectable Pharisees in general the use of my in-struments, which, as you saw in the late ex-periment, perfectly inverteth every object; and so, by my prudent management, those very people, held to be the most religious of the Jews, were wrought up to such a degree of self-conceit, as to fit them for executing the will of the devil; still supposing that they were doing good service to the God of Israel. Contemplated under the reflection of my in-genious instruments, those Pharisees, who were darkness itself, considered themselves as angels of light, and each became so enamored of his own personal excellencies, that all who were not of their sect or persuasion, were held in the most consummate abhorrence; as ac-cursed, and ignorant of their traditions, yea, even enemies to the Almighty. .They viewed Immanuel, the brightness of the Father's glory, and express image of his person, by the help of my glasses, in which, to them, he appeared as one come from Beel-zebub, and performing miracles in the spirit and power of the great apostate. His imme-diate disciples were, indeed, men of whom the world was not worthy; yet, viewed by the help of these notable instruments, they ap-peared as creatures the most despicable. Al-though men of peaceful principles, willing to spend and be spent for the good of mankind, they were held to be enemies to the public good; men who turned the world upside down; unworthy of a dwelling in the tents of hu-manity, and therefore thrust out of the world with violence. Such wonderful works were accomplished of old, by the help of these amazing instruments, and still they are perfect as ever, and fit for operation. Even at this day, when the whole system of revealed truth is examined by my inverting mirror, it is misapprehended as cunningly devised fables; a well-concerted system of falsehood; or a priestly imposition on the con-sciences and understanding of the laity. Yes, my fellow-destroyers, by my wise government, many who value themselves as the greatest masters of reason, are so absolutely stupid as to suppose that the eternal God has left men at large, without any given law or revelation of his mind, to which their submission is re-quired. Being thus stupidly absurd, you will not wonder that the same masters of reason have been ingenious enough to find out, that this world, unwieldy as it is, was dexterous enough to create itself, and possesseth wisdom enough to be its own governor. INFIDELIS. By your 'save, cousin, this last part of your account belongs to my adminis-tration. You preside only over dissension and division. I want to hear some of your operations of this kind. DISCORDANS. True, sir. But if I preside over dissensions, divisions, animosities, etc., you know I must.  be  allowed to use proper means by which my works are to be propa-gated; for I am not like those human fools, who expect the end without using the means. Besides, sir, that one devil should assist an-other, is by no means against the laws of our fraternity. If I, to promote my beloved dis-cord, call in the assistance of your bewildering influences, I also, .in a kind return, by the di-visions which I foment, greatly strengthen the slavish bands of great infidelity. Our in-terest being mutual, I hope the worthy Infi-delis will never grumble to lend me all possible assistance, in striving to make this earth, as much as may be, to resemble the regions of Abe_ria,rnned  --Morneyer, our great ,prince and  parent is no way careful about which of his illustrious family is the instrument in damn-ing a soul, so that the work of damnation is effected. INFIDELIS. I have no objection, cousin, to assist you, or any of our kindred. All I desire is, to have due notice taken of my in-fluence. Our leading view ought, undoubt-edly, to be the destruction of men, in compli-ance with the will'of our great ancestor. But I detain you. Ł PROGRESS IN ENGLAND. [Special Cable Despatch to the Sun, June 281 THE prelates of the Church of England are having a pretty bad time. The abandonment of the Government Education Bill, which was drafted directly in the interests of the church denominational schools, was a stinging blow; bat this week witnessed the humiliation of the whole Bench of Bishops in the passing by the Lords of the Deceased Wife's Sister Bill. It is known that nearly the whole royal family is personally interested in the bill, and it is a fact that those members who as Peers of the Realm are entitled to sit in Parliament have frequently voted for it. The Prince of Wales once travelled several hundred miles in order to record his vote. This year he went further and actively canvassed the Peers for votes to the horror and indignation of the Bishops, who, although vigorous canvassers themselves, strongly object to a prince of the blood royal doing such things. Their indignation is by no means lessened by the knowledge that the date for the second reading was fixed this week so that his Royal Highness should not miss the Ascot races. The bill has not yet 