 552 AMERICAN SENTINEL.      Some were killed while sleeping, others were cut down before they could resist; all were killed. But the alarm had spread. The garrison awoke to find the enemy master of the towers. Meanwhile -the army in ambush, knowing by the uproar that the fray had begun, now rushed from their place of concealment, with sound of kettledrums and trumpets, to increase the confusion. A violent conflict ensued. At length the postern was thrown open, and the Marquis of Cadiz, with his hosts, took possession of the castle. But the town below was in arms. The inhabitants were chiefly mer-chants and trades-people, but possessed some knowledge of arms. They fought well and long. But the marquis, seeing that the city gate was in command of the city's artillery, ordered a breach to be made in the wall, rous-ing their courage by telling them that the place should be given up to plunder and its people made captives. Though the Moors fought valiantly, in the streets, from the windows, and from the tops of the houses, they were not equal to the Christians(?) in strength, being for the most part peaceable men of industrious callings. They fought at their threshholds and their hearths, with the shrieks of their wives and children ringing in their ears. They paid no attention to their wounds nor the death of their companions, but continued fighting until they fell. When they could no longer fight, they would block the threshholds of their once happy homes with their mangled bodies. They fought for their homes, their wives, and their helpless children, while the so-called Christians fought for glory, for revenge, for the "faith," and for the spoil of the wealthy people. From morning till night the contest raged, when the Moors began to yield. They retreated to a mosque, but the Christians set fire to it. When the smoke and flames rolled in they gave themselves up for lost. Many made a last desperate rush on the enemy, but were slain; the rest surrendered. Male and female became slaves to their captors. The town was given up to plunder. Gold, sil-ver, jewels, silks, and costly stuffs, of all kinds, together with horses, beeves, grain, oil, honey, and all the fruits of a rich country, was appropriated by the Chrfstians. What they could not carry off was wantonly destroyed. A Spaniard who had helped the Moors was hanged on the highest part of the battlements. And all this was done under the reign of Ferdinand and Isabella, in the name of the "Christian religion" ! Not satisfied with victories of war, Ferdinand availed himself of the times when Grenada was troubled by in-ternal factions, making inroads into the very heart of the kingdom, sacking and destroying towns and castles. The poor peasantry were never safe from the attacks of these pious(?) warriors, not even in their watch towers and fortified hamlets. They were stormed with fire and sword. In speaking of those conquests one of the pious(?) fathers of the church said: "It was a pleasing and re-freshing sight to behold this pious knight and his follow- ers returning from one of his crusades, leaving the rich land of the unbeliever in smoking desolation behind them; to behold the long line of mules and asses, laden with the plunder of the gentiles, the hosts of captives,Šmen, women, and children,Šdroves of sturdy beeves, low- ing kine, and bleating sheep, all winding up the steep acclivity to the gates of Alhama, pricked on by the Catholic soldiery." A large portion of the spoil was always dedicated to the church, and the good friars were ever ready at the gates to hail and receive their allotted share. Speaking of the city of Ronda, which was taken by them in a horrible warfare, in which they threw balls of tow, steeped in pitch and oil and gunpowder, which, once on fire, could not be extinguished, and which set the houses in flames, this " father " says:, "Thus was this nest of warfare and infidelity converted to the true faith, by the thunder of our artillery." To convert by force or superior might, to the "Chris-tian faith" as then represented in the Catholic Church, was the way approved by the church. After the taking of Malaga, the great mass of its people implored that they might not be scattered, or sold into captivity, but might be permitted to ransom themselves by paying a certain amount within a given time. King Ferdinand took the advice of his counsel-lors, who said: "If you hold out a prospect of hopeless captivity, the infidels will throw all their gold and jewels into wells and pits, and you will lose the greater part of the spoil; but if you fix a genera] rate of ransom, and receive the money and jewels as part payment, nothing will be destroyed." So it was arranged that all should be ransomed, at the average rate of thirty doblas in gold, for each, male or female, large or small. That all their gold, jewels, and other valuables should be given immediately, in part payment of the whole amount, and the remainder be paid within eight months; that if any died in the meanwhile the ransom should be paid just the same, and if the whole amount were not paid in eight months, they should all be held as slaves. The poor unfortunate people caught at this straw. They were numbered by houses and families, and their names taken down. Their most precious possessions were made into parcels and sealed with their names. Then they were driven like cattle to large corrals or enclosures, and there confined until they could be dis-tributed among the Spaniards. They were scattered far and wide, each family taking one or two to keep as servants, until the term fixed for the payment of the remainder of the ransom expired. A few were allowed to beg for aid, to purchase their liberty, amongst the ad-joining Moorish towns. But these placeg were too much impoverished by the late wars, and engrossed with their own distresses, to lend a listening ear or helping hand. So the time passed with the ransom unpaid, and fifteen thousand people became slaves to the cruel con-querors. "Never," says the "father" of the church, 