AMERICAN SENTINWIT‚ 61 "3. But the church is at the same time the king-dom of God here upon earth, and therefore cannot be of this world, as it does not originate in the world. "4. Since the kingdom of Jesus Christ comes from heaven, it has also been created for heaven, and has there both its origin and its consummation. "5. The divine Founder, Jesus Christ, is entrusted with both the highest priesthood and the highest kingly power; he rules and governs the religlo spiritual body that constitutes his kingdom and is the kingdom of God. "6. In the church, therefore, the idea of a kingly power and of a priesthood is intimately and indissolu-bly connected, and as the church upon earth has been established upon Peter, and Peter is upon earth its head in the place of Jesus Christ, its heavenly head, thus too everything that is in Christ and in the church can also be claimed for Peter. "7. Accordingly, like Christ, Peter is both a priest and a king. "8. The priesthood embraces the authority of the magistracy; the royal power includes the power to gov-ern, as the church is a real and perfect society. "9. Every society of necessity has a fundamental law and a permanent government. Without the former there would be no moral unity; and without the latter, no social unity. "10. The pope is accordingly the master [maestro] of the law and the head of the government of the society and the kingdom of Jesus Christ, being invested and del-egated for this purpose by Christ himself. "11. Accordingly both as a teacher and as the head of a government, the pope has no one over him except Jesus Christ. "12. The pope can accordingly be dependent upon no one except the power and the sovereignty of Jesus Christ. "13. Then the pope has no equal upon earth nor any superior [in tutto e daper tido]. "14. It is a logical conclusion that the pope of a necessity in every particular in which the spiritual asso-ciation of Jesus Christ comes into relation to human society must be the sovereign. "15. The pope is accordingly the sovereign in the church and also in the world, in the divine and in human society, over against men and nations, over against princes and potentates. "16. As the church is universal, it includes each and every other society; as it is the kingdom of God, it covers also all other kingdoms; as the pope is the sove-reign of the church, i. e., of the kingdom and the society of Jesus Christ, he is also the sovereign in every other society and in every other kingdom. "17. The sovereignty of Christ, which is the same as the sovereignty of God, is the basis of every other authority; every other authority is founded upon this, whether it be human or divine, civil or political, private or public authority. "18. Therefore the religious and the spiritual sove-reignty of the pope includes also the civil and the polit-ical authority throughout the world." And from these the Osservatore Romano deduces  "2. He has thereby made it sovereign. "3. The church, and accordingly the pope also, must be free and sovereign. "4. The pope is free and must be free, not only in religious and spiritual, but also in temporal and mate-rial respects. "5. The pope can accordingly, neither in spiritual nor in temporal respects, be a subject; he must be a sovereign and a ruler. "6. When, therefore, the pope declares that he must be absolutely free and a ruler in temporal respect also, it is contrary to the faith, contrary to reason, and con-trary to history to maintain that this is not correct." THE PERIL OF THE REPUBLIC. BY PROF. P. T. MAGIN. In this work the author shows how the United States of America is now on the very threshold of an apostasy from the principles of a true republic, and how already there has been congressional legislation, executive action, and judicial decision committing this govern-ment to principles opposed to Protestantism. This is MOST IMPORTANT HISTORY, and if you would know all about it you must read this book. Nowhere else is this history given. The following are a few of the chapter headings:Š A NATION'S BIRTHRIGHT, A WAR FOR HUMANITY'S SAKE, AMERICAN IMPERIALISM, MANIFEST DESTINY, AMITY OR ARMAGEDDON. "The Peril of the Republic of the United States of America" is just from the press, contains it chapters, 196 pages, (size 6% x 8 inches); and is handsomely and durably bound in red cloth. Price $1.00. Address PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York City. Or, Oakland. Cal. Kansas City, Mo. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write Names Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Ba121% Drab on New York. Personal cheeks are not desired. S. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. AM   KRIC_A_I\T S   I-1:1\TTINEL, Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom-promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCLA.TION— PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. Single Copy, Per Year $1.00" 44 " Six months .50. it " Three months - .20. these conclusions:Š AMERICAN SENTINEL, "1. Jesus Christ has made his church free. 39 Bond St., New York. ADDRESS, 