 404 AMERICAN SENTINEL.      God as worshipers before his throne. Our duty to love God, to accept the gospel, to be baptized, to partake of the Christian ordinances or to keep the Sabbath day, is not once referred to as being part of our obligation. to civil rulers. These are the things that we are to ren-der to God and with them the civil ruler has no right to interfere. This is clearly shown in the next chapter, Romans 14, where the apostle takes up the matter of faith, the observance of days, and those things which pertain to the worship of God. To those who would rule in such matters he says, "Who art thou that judgest another man's servant? To his own master he standeth or fall-eth; yea, he shall be holden up, for God is able to make him stand. One man esteemeth one day above another: another esteemeth every day alike. Let every man be fully persuaded in his own mind." This personal liberty in matters of religion is not because they are of no im-portance; but because "every man must give account of himself to God." "He that regardeth the day regardeth it to the Lord, and he that regardeth not the day, to the Lord he doth not regard it." The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God. Ex. 20:10. The Sabbath is a sign between God and his people. Ex.31:17. It is a sign,that they might know the Lord. Eze. 20:12, 20. It is the Lord's day. Rev. 1:20. The Sabbath being the Lord's, we are to render it to him and not to Cmsar. When civil rulers go beyond the bounds of their proper sphere and legislate upon religion, making laws which conflict with the laws of God, then God requires his servants to obey him in preference to man. And this is what the true people of God have done in all ages, and they have laid downtheir lives rather than yield to the laws of the civil rulers. The Lord has shown his approval of this principle by giving to his servants miraculous deliverance on sev eral notable occasions. The Hebrew people under the reign of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon present a striking instance of this. God had commanded them to submit to' this king, saying, "The nation and kingdom which will not serve the same Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon, and that will not put their neck under the yoke of the king of Babylon, that nation will I punish,  saith the Lord." Jer. 27:8. Many of the Jewish people were carried away captives to Babylon and among them the king found his most faithful servants. They were so loyal to him in the discharge of their civil duties that he conferred upon them his highest positions of trust. While true to the king in the affairs of men they ac-knowledged their allegiance to the authority of a still higher power whose commands they would not disobey And when the king went beyond the range of his author ity and dictated to men in reference to their worship, commanding them to bow before the god he h d set up, these faithful servants refused to obey the king, answer-ing frankly to his command: "Be it known unto thee, 0 king, that we will not serve thy gods, nor worship the golden image which thou hast set up." For this act of disobedience to the king's command they were cast alive into the burning fiery furnace. But the One whose watchful eye is ever looking upon his faithful children saw their loyalty to Him in preference to the unright-eous decree of an earthly king, and honored the stand they took by sending His own Son to accompany them in the fire, and to protect them from the devouring ele-ment. When they came forth from the furnace there was not the smell of fire upon their garments. At a later time, when the kingdom of Babylon had , passed into the hands ofŁ the Medes and Persians, and Darius-the Median was reigning in Babylon, God's servants were still found faithful to their rulers in all the affairs of men. "Daniel was preferred above all the presidents and princes because an excellent spirit was in him; and the king thought to set him over the whole realm. Then the presidents and princes sought to find occasion against Daniel concerning the kingdom; but they could find none occasion nor fault; fbrasmuch as he was faithful, neither was there any error nor fault in him. Then said these men, We shall not find any occa-sion against this Daniel, except we find it against him concerning the law of his God." The king was then in-fluenced by these-jealous-minded counselors to step out of his proper sphere into the realm of religion; and he issued a law which forbade the worship of God. "Now when Daniel knew that the writing was signed, he went into his house and his windows being open in his cham-ber toward Jerusalem, he kneeled down upon his knees three times a day and prayed and gave thanks before his God as he did aforetime." The law was plain and explicit. Daniel knew what would be the consequences of his disobedience; and yet he deliberately chose to obey God rather than man. For this he was cast into the den of lions; but the angel of God was sent for his protection. He rested safely that night with thehungry lions, and when taken from the den no manner of hurt was found upon him, because he believed in his God. The Roman law in the days of our Saviour, forbade the introduction of a new religion into Roman territory on pain of banishment or death; and yet in the face of this law Christ told his disciples, "Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature." He knew what they would have to encounter. "Behold I send you," said he, "as sheep in the midst of wolves; and ye shall be brought before governors and kings for my sake, fora testimony against them." They were to render unto Caesar the things which were Caesar's; but when Cmsar usurped the authority of God they were to obey God rather than Cmsar. This they did, and as a result many of them laid down their lives for a testi-mony against such usurpation. The apostle who as we have seen, enjoined strict obedience to civil rulers in civil affairs, was frequently brought before their tribunals for disregarding their laws in religious things. He was charged with teaching "customs which are not lawful 