4d A.mcititicAN g=vtirdnv-mt,., vol.. 6, O. U. his death could have had no redemptive power. It would have been the penalty of a broken law. It was his perfect obe-dience to God's law that qualified him to intercede for us. Had he broken the law in one point he would have been guilty of all. " Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy " was a part of God's law, and the day was expressly declared to be the seventh day. We know that Christ kept the Sabbath day holy, for he declared himself to be the " Lord of the Sabbath day." Had he not done so, he would have been a sinner, not able to redeem even himself. John says, " He that saith he abideth in him ought himself also so to walk even as he walked." 1 John 2: 6. The 4th verse reads, " He that saith I know him, and keepeth not his commandments, is a liar and the truth is not in him." If we do not obey this Sabbath law as Christ did we are convinced of the law as trans-gressors. Christ said in Matt. 5 :18, R.V. " Till heaven and earth pass away, one jot or one tittle shall in no wise pass away from the law, till all things be accom-plished;" that is, not till the end of this age. The enforcement of God's law, then, is a purpose that cannot fail. Christ said on another occasion, " It is easier for heaven and earth to pass than for one tittle of the law to fail." The destruction of the .material universe, then, would not thwart God's purposes, as would the fail-ure of the least part of his moral law. Christ's success as a redeemer depended upon his keeping the seventh day. Had he kept Sunday, as do so many of his professed followers, we would be still in our sins for the law would remain broken. He could only redeem men from the curse of the law which he obeyed himself. Christ never kept the first day of the week so that if it were possible for God to alter his Sabbath law which he made obligatory " forever," and he did alter it, we should have no mediator under the new law. Christ could be no refuge for us under a broken law which he never kept himself. That God made no change at his resurrec-tion is proved by Christ's words in Matt. 24 : 20 where, in anticipation of the de-struction of Jerusalem, which happened forty years afterwards, he said, " But pray ye that your flight be not in the winter neither on the Sabbath day." This was spoken to a company with whom he habitually kept the Sabbath day of the fourth commandment. THE LORD FAILED TO RESPOND. The effort made to secure the closing of the World's Fair on Sunday was the most conspicuous and united effort ever made by Christians in the world's history, to secure divine interference in human af-fairs. Elijah once made an appeal to Je-hovah as between God and Baal, with very decisive results. In this trial he rejected all human adjuncts; he flooded the altar with water, and at the decisive moment he appealed to the Lord God of Abraham, who sent a divine fire which licked up the sacrifice, the wood, the stones, the dust, and the water. In this latest case of appeal to God all human adjuncts calculated to assist him were liberally added. Congress was be-sieged for a suitable law, as never before in its history. It was flooded with litera-ture and correspondence. Boycotts were freely threatened against all those who did not vote according to dictation. Two million and a half of dollars, which by circumstances became five millions, were  placed before the directors as a bribe for closing. Twenty-five million, eight hun-dred and twenty-five thousand and eighty-six people were counted as petitioners for its closing, thus giving impetus to the threatened boycott, while eighty-seven thousand five hundred and seven were all that opposed it. The one represented united Christendom, while the other rep-resented " a few vagabond Jews and in-fidels." The millions of Christians are supposed to have prayed for its closing, and they certainly performed herculean labors for the space of two years in that interest, while nobody prayed against it. All conventions, conferences, synods, alliances and religious gatherings of every name, enforced the threatened boycott and passed denunciatory resolutions to enforce the closing. At the least appearance of success God was given all the glory, and hallelujahs were sung in his praise. The President of the United States was called upon for armed troops to shoot down offenders. Pestilence and cyclones were invoked, and the most direful consequences were predicted in case of failure to close. " And it came to pass that there was neither voice, nor any to answer, nor any that regarded." Baal was as silent as he was in Elijah's day. Had there been the least sign of interference it would have been pushed to the uttermost in the in-terest of "the venerable day of the sun." It was not a contest between Sunday and the "Sabbath of the Lord our God," for the latter did not appear in the contro-versy. The name and character of God's day, given to it by the Most High, were stolen from it and attached to the false Sabbath, which its enemies would thrust into its place. From the human standpoint it seemed impossible but that the gates should be closed, but in God's providence the failure was made signal and complete. When the case reached Judge Goggin's court it stood, two judges for a decree which would permit of closing, and one that stood opposed; the triumph was now considered as won : but, behold ! the one man tri-umphed over the two, and the gates could not be shut. Had not Judge Gog-gin appeared in court that morning, the desired end would have been gained. A fit of apoplexy would have stopped him; an attack of colic, a slip on an orange peel, a sickness in his family, a slight mental influence, or if the charge of drunk-enness, which was brought against him, had been true, of which there is no evi-dence, a little excess of drink would have hindered him from appearing. Had the gates been as signally closed as they were signally kept open, it would have been construed as a clear indorsement of Sun-day as God's transferred Sabbath day. On the other hand may not the total fail-ure of the tremendous efforts made for closing be triumphant evidence that God will not give his sanction to a day of human substitution ? Will the National Reform combination learn no lesson from all of this ? They invoked the issue and called upon God for vindication. They were beaten at every point by his providence. They are not ignorant men. Their chief spokesman, W. F. Crafts, made this plain at Saratoga. He must see the fatal lapse in the logic which makes void the law of God, by put-ting the wild solar holiday of all pagan-ism in the place of the Sabbath of the fourth commandment. Is not the denun- ciation of Christ in Matthew 15: 7 of tre-mendous force as towards all such men ? " Ye hypocrites, well did Esaias prophecy of you saying, this people draweth nigh unto me with their mouth, and honoreth me with their lips, but their heart is far from me. But in vain they do worship me, teaching for doctrines the command-ments of men." In Mark 7: 9, he adds, "Full well ye reject the commandment of God that ye may keep your own tradition." J. W. WOOD. Wants to Imprison and to Hang Sab-bath-Keepers. A REPRESENTATIVE of the International Religious Liberty Association sends the following to the secretary of the associa- tion :Š While working in Chattanooga, some weeks since, I became acquainted with an old journalist and ex-attorney, who, in conversation upon the Sunday move-ment and legislation, affirmed that Sunday laws and the rights of conscience have nothing to do with each other; but that such laws belong to the civil branch of legislation, and that all violations of Sunday laws should be puhished, He further affirmed that as for himself he is in favor of punishing those who break these laws, with imprisonment in jail, and if they violate it a good deal, he would put them in the pen-itentiary, and for very bad offenses, he would hang them. This man is simply more outspoken than others; thousands would say the same if they spoke their real sentiments, and other thousands will doubtless come to the same point under stress of what they will im-agine are divine judgments sent on the people because of their disregard of Sun-day. The Scripture says of the two-horned beast of the 13th of Revelation : " He had power to give life unto the image of the beast, that the image of the beast should both speak, and cause that as many as would not worship the image of the beast should be killed." The image of the beast is apostate Protestantism dom-inating the civil power, and, like the beast, the papacy, its badge of authority is the false Sabbath. They Will Not Confess: They Dare Not Deny. THE Catholic journals in the United States neither made any reply to the specific charges formulated against the Catholic hierarchy in regard to its de-clared claims and purposes, nor do they attempt any defense of them. It is ap-parently quite impossible to extract from one of them either a denial of those claims on the one hand, or an acknowl-edgment that they are true on the other. The fact, of course, is that the organs of the hierarchy are in a dilemma and un-willing to impale themselves on either horn of it. If they should acknowledge as church canons, for example, the fol-lowing, that, (1.) " The Roman Catholic Church has the right to deprive the civil authority of the entire government of public schools; (2,) That she has the right of perpetuating the union of Church and State; (3,) That she has the,  right to require that the Catholic religion shall be the only religion of the State, to the exclusion of all others, and (4,) That she has the right of requiring the State not to permit the free expression of opinion,"Šif open acknowledgment were made of these, which are political claims of the hierarchy, by the Catholic jour-nals, it might shock, to some extent, the sentiment of many Catholics who con- 