RICAN ENTIN (ti PH ifiN A "IF ANY MAN REAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE RIM NOT."ŠJesu. Christ. ALONZO T. JONES, MITOR. NEW YORK, JANUARY 28, 1897. VoL. 12, No. 4. Single Copy, 3 cents. The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. *Any one7receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is seat to him by some friend. Therefore those who have (lot ordered theiSentinel need have no tears that they will be asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Post-office.). A MAN may believe in, and advocate, Constitutional religious liberty, without being confessedly a Christian; and without desiring to be a Christian. But he cannot do so without recognizing and indorsing, and indeed ad-vocating, aŁ Christian principle. This, because the very principle of Constituional reli-gious liberty, the principle of separation of religion and the State, the principle of excluding religion from govern-mental recognition and jurisdiction, is essentially and onlyia Christian principle. Though it be possible now for a man to believe in and advocate the truth that religion should be totally separ-ated from government, without being confessedly a Christian, there was a time when such a thing was im-possible.. It was Christianity that first announced in the world the idea of separation of religion aŁnd the State. This too,'afa time when it was death to do so. ."The Empire of the Romans filled the world." By law, under penalty of death, that Empire forbade the exercise of any reli-gion that was not recognized by the Roman State. Yet in the very heart of the Empire, in the most prominent cities Antioch, Ephesus, Athens, Corinth, Rome itselfŠ without State recognition, without asking any such thing, indeed declaring that the State had nothing to do with the subject, Christianity was exercised in all the privileges that it gave. At that :time, for any one to advocate the truth that religion should-be separated from governmental jurisdic-tion, was in itself to confess Christianity. None but Christians would think of doing it. So essentially Chris-tian was the idea, that had an emperor himself adopted  it he would have been looked on as having espoused Christianity. It took two hundred and fifty years of1suffering, and sacrifice of everything, to bring the Roman world to the acknowledgment of the principle. It was finally done though. And then when an ambitious clergy took the antichristian step of securing the imperial, governmental recognition of the "Christian" religionŠthen it was, and not till then, that pagans and enemies of Christianity advocated the principle. Yet it was still the Christian principle it was before, even though it was adopted and maintained by the enemies of Christianity, as well as by genuine Christians, against the outrages of a professedly Christian, though really antichristian, power. And so the principle yet, and ever, remains a Chris-tian principle only. It matters not who may advocate it, it is still the same Christian principle it was when Christianity first announced it in the world. If professed Christians had never taken an antichris-tian course, it is plain that none but the friends of Chris-tianity could ever have accepted and advocated the prin-ciple. It is therefore perfectly plain that the apostate antichristian "Christians" are responsible for the enemies of Christianity using the principles of Christianity in op-position to Christianity. Bear in mind that we do not object to the enemies of Christianity advocating the principle. We have only called attention to the truth, that had there never been any antichristian "Christians," there had likewise never been any enemies of Christianity using Christian princi-ples in.opposition to what they suppose is Christianity. What we say is, Let Christian principles be espoused and advocated by whomsoever will do it. It is better that it be done by professed enemies of Christianity than not to be done at all by the professed friends of Christianity. When the principle is so outraged in the house of its pro-fessed friends, it is well that it should be so befriended in the house of its professed enemies. It can never be denied that in the Roman world there was never any thought of any such thing as separation of religion and the State. It cannot be denied that 