THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 51 sibilities, provoking the anger of' Heaven against the nation which tolerates it. But . . . . the American people generally would doubtless be shocked by the suggestion that such open idolatry should be suppressed by law. But if this is, as claimed, a Christian nation, and if Jehovah is our God, why should the sug-gestion be considered as strange or impractica-ble? " It is plain, therefore, by their own declara- tions, that the Chinese cannot come to this country and bring their worship with them, and that, as we have seen, works the exclusion of the Chinese as effectually as any other means that could be employed. And all this must be done, the Statesman says, to " maintain our Christian character;" and this, too, after stating explicitly, as above, that " no nation has the right to do this even for the preservation of religious character." The Statesman may talk of the servility of political parties all it pleases, but if there ever was a political party that ex- ceeded the National Reform Party in hollow pretense, or sham principle, we should like the Statesman to point it out. There is another phase of this question. Suppose that while the United States refuses to " tolerate " the worship of the Chinese, they should refuse to "tolerate," in their country, the worship of the Christians. Suppose that when this nation has " suppressed by law" the worship of the Chinese, they should retaliate and suppress by law the worship of the Chris-tians. What could this nation do ? Remon- strance would come with very poor grace from the nation that first committed the intolerance. And so the sword of National Reform would cut both ways; it would not only shut the Chinese out of this country, but would shut Christianity out of China. Now let us draw a comparison between the action of Congress which the Statesman con-demns, and the action of the nation which it would approve. IT CONDEMNS An act of Congress which excludes the Chinese. An act which excludes the Chinese for ten years. An act of Congress which might be repealed by any subsequent Congress. An act which excludes only one class of ChineseŠlaborers. An act which excludes only one class of one nation for ten years. Therefore if the action of Congress and the political parties are by the National Reform Party to be condemned seven times, surely the National Reform Party itself must be con- demned seventy times seven. A. T. J. " PROPERLY speaking, there is no such thing as 'religion of State' What we mean by that phrase is the religion of some individual or set of individuals, taught and enforced by the State. The State can have no religious opinions; and if it undertakes to enforce the teaching of such opinions, they must be the opinions of some natural person or class of persons."ŠSupreme Court of Ohio. " Wrwso diggeth a pit shall fall therein." National Reform Opposed to the Bible. WHEN we use the term "National Reform," it is understood that we refer to the theories advanced by the Party which is endeavoring to secure a religious amendment to the Constitu-tion of the United States. A true reform could not, of course, be opposed to the Bible; but the so-called " National Reform " movement is in no sense a reform, and that because it is op-posed to the Bible. We use the term because it has been assumed by the Party, and not be-cause we regard the movement as a reform. The great point which the leaders of that Party aim to make is that Jesus is now the lit-eral ruler and Governor of nations; that, for instance, the President of the United States is only the nominal head of this Government, but -that Jesus Christ is the real headŠthe kingŠand that therefore his sovereignty should be formally acknowledged. If they were not in-fatuated they could certainly see the absurdity of speaking of the king of a republic, even if they could not see how antagonistic their po-sition is to the truth of the Bible. We believe, however, that those who have not become in-toxicated with the wine of National Reform error, can readily see the following points:Š When God had created the earth, he said, " Let us make make man in our image, after our likeness; and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over the cattle, and over all the earth, and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth. So God created man in his own image, in the image of God created he him; male and female created he them. And God blessed them, and God said unto them, Be fruit ful, and multiply, and replenish the earth, and subdue it; and have 'dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over every living thing that moveth upon the earth." Gen. 1 : 26-28. In this work of creation the Son was asso-ciated with the Father, and was the active agent, for by him the worlds were made (Heb. 1 : 2), and John says, "All things were made by him; and without him was not anything made that was made." John 1 : 3. Therefore it was the Son, as well as the Father, who gave the dominion of the earth to man. With the narrative in Genesis agree the fol-lowing words of the psalmist: "The Heaven, even the heavens, are the Lords; but the earth hath he given to the children of men." Ps. 115 : 16. From these two texts nothing can be plainer than that the dominion of this world has been intrusted to men. Let no one imagine that we would intimate that God has nothing to do with this earth. We do not so believe, and the texts that we have quoted do not so teach. The greater in-cludes the less, and the statement that the heavens are the Lord's; is equivalent to saying that God rules over all, as it is stated in Ps. 103 : 19: " The Lord hath prepared his throne in the heavens, and his kingdom ruleth over all." Therefore "the earth is the Lord's, and the full-ness thereof; the world, and they that dwell therein." Ps. 24 : 1. But, while these texts recognize God's right to all things, as Creator, they do not conflict with the statement, "the earth hath he given to the children of men." For what purpose has he given it to the chil-dren of men ? That they may govern it, even as stated in Gen. 1 : 26, 27. This is shown in Rom. 13 : 1-4, ,where it is stated that the pow-ers that be are ordained of God, and that rulers are appointed to bear the sword of justice. The expression, " the powers that be are or-dained of God," refers to authority in general, rather than to particular Governments. And this should be sufficient to show that, although God rules the entire universe, he is not the head of any earthly Government. If he were, then there would be but one correct form of Government, and the officers of that Govern-ment would be appointed directly by Him, as in the case of the ancient Jewish Government. But no one can claim that of the various na-tions of earth, one is ordained of God, to the exclusion of the others. Take for instance, Russia, Germany, England, and the United States. Here we have four Governments, all differing in their structure. Which of them is ordained of God? Alhof them. They are all for the purpose of preserv-ing order, and of guarding the rights of each individual against the encroachments of others. This is all that earthly Governmbnts are or-dained to do. The whole of the law against the violation of which they can execute wrath is, " Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself," and this they can enforce only so far as con-cerns outward acts. They cannot compel a man to love his neighbor in his heart, but they can see that he does his neighbor no personal wrong, and when they do this, they are carry-ing out that for which they were appointed. And in thus executing justice between man and man the ruler is ordained of God, whether he is born to the throne, or whether he is elected by the people, or appointed by a few. The Czar of Russia, the Emperor of Germany, the Queen of England, and the President of the United States, are all equally ordained of God as ministers of justice; not because God is per-sonally at the head of any one of these Govern-ments, but because he has ordained that men shall be under authority, and the individuals above referred to are in authority in their re-spective Governments. In the discharge of their duty, they are each personally responsible to God, just the same as the humblest peasant. But, although man was given dominion over the earth and all that it contains, all things are not now under him. Adam was overcome by the tempter, and so forfeited his dominion. He has not now perfect dominion over the earth, because it does not yield to him the increasa that it formerly did; and the beasts of the field, the fowl of the air, and the fish of the sea are not passively subject to his control. What man forfeited, he has no power to regain. And so, since we do not now see all things put under him, Paul says that "we see Jesus, who was made a little lower than the angels for the suf-fering of death, crowned with glory and honor; that he by the grace of God should taste death for every man." Heb. 2 : 9. Not only did Christ taste death in order to restore to man his forfeited life, but he also bore the curse of the earth (compare Gen. 3 : 17, 18 and 1VIatt. 27 : 29), that he might redeem it, and restore to man the possession that he lost. IT APPROVES An Amendment to. the Constitution, the effect of which will be the same. An act which would ex-clude them for all time. An act, the effect of which would be the same, and which could not possibly be effected by less than three-fourths of the whole nation. An act which will exclude all classes of Chinese but oneŠChristian Chinese. An act which, with one exception Š ChristiansŠ ex-cludes all classes of all na-tions for all time. 