CRUCIFYING THE MODEL SABBATH-KEEPER. "Therefore did the Jews persecute Jesus, and sought to slay him, because he had done these things on the Sabbath day." John 8:16.  ŁIf any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, I Judge him not: for I Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World."  Vol. 10. No. 26. NEW YORK, JUNE 27, 1895. Price, 3 cents.     American Sentine PUHI.ISHICI7 WHEKLY BY TIM PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STRE1CT, NEW Y ORS Entered at .the New York Post-Office. ALONZO T. IONICS, °ALVIN P. BOLIAIAN, LEON A. SMITH, Ł THE MODEL SABBATH-KEEPER. ROBERT R. WHALEY, a Seventh-day Ad-ventist, is now in jail at Centerville, Md. He was placed there on complaint of a Methodist neighbor. The complaint of the Methodist was that his seventh-day neighbor set out plants in his garden 'on Sunday. If Christ, the Lord of the Sabbath, should come to Maryland, would he enter the pew of this Methodist as he worships on Sunday, while his seventh-day, Christian neighbor, on his complaint, is locked in a cell,Šwould he enter .that pew and say to the Methodist, "Well ' done, thou good and faithful servant " ? Would he ?  Or would he go to the prisoner in his cell and say, "'Be: thou faithful unto death, and I will give thee a crown of life; " and then visit Mr. Whaley's home and speak words of comfort to the weary wife, and bless the pris-oner's little children ? Twelve honest, upright citizens of Rhea County, Tenn., are to be tried at Dayton, the county seat, July 1, on the charge of "violat-ing the Sabbath." These twelve men are Seventh-day Adventists, and their offense is that after resting the "Sabbath day according to the commandment," they (without disturbing Ł either the public or private worship of their neighbors) followed their usual vocations on Sunday. On Which Side Would He Be Found? If Christ, the Lord of the Sabbath, should come to the court-room, at Dayton, next Mon-day, would he side with the professed Chris-tians who are persecuting their seventh-day, Christian neighbors, or would he espouse the Ł cause of the twelve men charged with " vio-lating the Sabbath " ? Would he be found at the prosecutor's' table aiding the first-day ob-servers to oonvict their seventh-day neighbors, or would he be found in the prisoners' dock, saying, " Blessed are they which are persecuted  for righteousness' sake: for theirs is the king-dom of heaven " ? These questions can be answered with pos-itive certainty by referring to the record of the attitude of Christ toward the Sabbath and toward self-constituted guardians of other men's Sabbath-keeping, when he visited our world about nineteen hundred years ago. He is " the vame yesterday, to-day, and forever." And what he did then he would do now. What did he do then ? .To better under-stand the conflict between Christ and the Pharisees of his day over the Sabbath ques- tion, it is necessary to briefly note the history of Sabbath-keeping among the Jews. The Lord, through the prophet Jeremiah, made the following promise to Israel:Š If ye diligently hearken unto me, saith the Lord, to bring in no burden through the gates of this city on the Sabbath day, but hallow the Sabbath Ł day, to do no work therein; then shall there enter into the gates of this city kings and princes sitting upon the throne of David, riding in chariots and on horses, they, and their princes, the men of Judah, and the in-habitants of Jerusalem; and this city shall remain forever. Jer. 17: 24, 25. On the other hand, should the people di.;- sprroms. ARIM/I1TANT EDITOR. 