AMERICAN SENTINEL. 109 the friendliness of the people to the bitterest enmity. They stoned Paul and left him outside the city, suppos-ing him to be dead. Next day he was able to leave the place." "Surely, Cecil, that does show the fickleness of human nature, and the utter foolishness of thinking to trust in it." "But, Aleck, are not men advanced and nobler to-day? Would they be so intolerant, so fickle, so cruel? Has not the lesson of the past done something for the world, to teach them to be charitable? After all though the Christian sects have put in their `stakes,' they cer-tainly do not contend for the faith as they used to,Šwith implements of torture, and with the backing of civil law. Now do they?" "Cecil, wait till the living truth puts them to the test. What does it mean, my friend, that there is such a widespread movement in our country to-day for the union of church and state? What does it betoken that the church is asking for power, and asking for it at the polls instead of at the throne of God? Can you tell me what this means?" "Aleck, you must know something that I do not. You have hinted at telling me startling news for a long time. When am I to be enlightened?" F. E. B. AGENT S WANTE D to represent the SIMPLICITY VAPORIZER everywhere. Terms sent for the asking. Sells readily. Address ALFRED MALLETT, 39 Bond Street, New York. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write Names Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. AM  1-RICAN.  S Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom-promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, Single Copy, Per Year $1.00. L4 " Six months .50. if " Three months .25. ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York. OUR LATEST PRODUCTION:  THE DESIRE 4&, OF AGES. Interesting and Instructive. this  hbe manuscriptok has   be'an nt: der preparation by the author. Mks. E. G. WRITE, for the last ten years, and it is sufficient to say that it is one of the most important and attractive, of all her numerous works. Present demands bespeak for it an extensive circulation. Work of art.T  powerhe   t  opublishersiake  thisha  have thde  ofinne finest all hi no otheir the kind ever published. Some of the best artists in the country have been employed for more than two years, at a cost of several thousand dollars. Of Practical Value. Foryearsinirh ve beenreceived is  and we are now ready to announce its date of publication as November 1. Send in Your Orders AT ONCE. PRICE, POSTPAID: Cloth, - - Marble Edge, - $3.50 Cloth, Gilt - 4.25 Library, - Marble " - 5.00 Full Morocco - Gilt - 7.00 ADDRESS PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO, 39 Bond Street, New York City. Kansas City, Mo. Oaklauu. It is the Grandest Book Says a lady who I EVer Bead," entitled, has read the book "Christ Our Saviour " By MRS. E. G. WHITE. WE have in this book the life of "Christ Our Saviour" from his birth to ascension, given in simple and direct language. It is printed in large, clear type, and is finely illustrated by engravings made especially for it. d  The simplicity with which this "Old, Old Story" is told, the aptness of the illustrations, and the general appearance of the better bound styles will attract and hold the reader's attention to the very close. It makes an excel-lent birthday or holiday gift to a friend, either young or old. 160 large octavo pages, bound as follows, and will be sent postpaid at prices given. Presentation edition, two colors, vellum cloth, embossed in jet, green and gold, beveled edges, gilt top  1.25 Fine English cloth, embellished aluminum cover  .75 Cloth back, board covers, in colors  .50 Heavy tag-board covers. Bible Students' Library, No. 141  .35 Also published in board and cloth at 50c and 7: is in German, Swedish, Danish, and Spanish languages. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 39 Bond Street, New York. OAKLAND, CAL- KANSAS CITY, MO. 