338 AIVIDER,ICAN SIENWINIEL. VOL. 11, No. 43. are good, that we ought to have more of them, and that what we have ought to be more strictly enforced. And what do these "Sabbath laws" state? They state most explicitly that pursuits of business and pleasure must be laid aside on "the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday." This language contradicts that of the fourth commandment, which de-clares, "the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God; in it thou shalt not do any work." But the advocates of these "Sabbath laws" can explain this discrepancy. The Lord, they say, was not particular about the day, and so left it to man to select any one day in seven, as might suit his inclination! "The seventh day" specified in God's Sabbath com-mandment does not mean the seventh day of the week, but simply a seventh day, that is,  any seventh day after six days of work!  Hence "the seventh day" may be "the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday," or any other day of the week as well, and the divine obligation of the Sabbath command-ment may pertain to the first day of the week, or to any other day of the week! Hence it may pertain to every day of the week, and the whole week may be a sabbath, without any distinction of sacred and secular days at all! In other words, the Creator made the Sab-bath, but as he did not specify the day of the week to be observed, bequeathed the Sabbath to man in such shape that it would destroy itself as soon as men should try to observe it! And yet "the Sabbath question is funda-mental; it underlies everything." Did the Creator know that the Sabbath was so impor-tant when he made it? As a day to be enforced by human law, the Sabbath is of the greatest importance; but as a day commanded by God's law, it is not im-portant enough to be specified in that law, or to demand observance upon any particular day of the week! If the Sabbath is of such importance, why is it not important to observe the day speci-fied as the Sabbath in the fourth command-mentŠnamely, "the seventh day"? That the Sabbath is of the utmost import-ance as an institution for the promotion of human welfare, is as certain as that the Word of God is true. Would that the people of this and every land might be so impressed with its importance in their relationship in-dividually to their Creator, that they would not dare to deviate from his own explicit commandment concerning its observance, whatever might be the view set forth by tra-dition and the commandments of men. s. ROME'S ASSUMPTION OF THE RIGHT TO RULE THE WORLD. WE print on another page under the head-ing, "The Supreme Court of the World," a short report of a discourse by a Catholic priest in San Francisco, on the claims of the Roman Catholic Church to the right to be the su-preme arbiter of the world. This is a favorite theme with Rome. She once occupied that position and aspires to occupy it again. It will be observed that this claim, to be the supreme court of the world, does not refer alone to religious matters, but to civil affairs as well; and authority in both religious and civil matters is sought to be found in the  gospel commission, "Go ye, therefore, unto all nations." It is assumed both by Roman Catholics and by so-called National Reformers, from the original National Reform Association to the Young People's Society of Christian Endeavor, that the gospel commission extends not only to individuals, but to nations; not in the sense that the gospel shall be preached to the individuals composing all nations, but that the gospel minister is commissioned to the nations in their organized capacity, that is, as to moral beings, and that the nations should hear and believe and be saved by the gospel, as nations. Some have even carried this so far as to attempt to show that the words "State" and "world" are synonymous, because all the world is organized into some form or other of government; that therefore the texts which tell what Christ's attitude toward the world is, tell what his purpose and attitude are to-ward the State, and what the Christian's re-lation should be to the State. This conclu-sion would of course be correct if the premises upon which it is based were correct. Indeed, it is only a logical conclusion if the gospel commission means what Mr. Yorke, the San Francisco priest, and the Roman Catholic Church generally interpret it to mean; that is, if instead of being a commission authoriz-ing the apostles and their successors, and in-deed, all Christians, to go unto all the world and preach the gospel to every creature, or, as elsewhere expressed, to go to all nations, means 'that they were to bear a message to nations as such rather than to the indi-viduals. The Catholic Church is entirely consistent in its claim to infallibility. The assumption of the right to dictate in matters of faith and morals is in itself an assumption of the pre-rogative of infallibility. In the memorial, written by Madison and presented to the Virginia Assembly in 1776, by the Presbyterians, Baptists, and Quakers, it is said: "It is at least impossible for the magistrate to adjudge the right of preference among the various sects which profess the Christian faith, without erecting a claim to infallibility, which would lead us back to the church of Rome." This is just as true to day as it was in 1776, and it is just as true of Protestants as of CatholicsŁ'  whoever assumes to decide ques-tions of faith and morals for others, thereby assumes the prerogative of infallibility, whether like the pope, he boldly avows it or not. National reform in its various phases claims infallibility, not openly, it is true, as does the papacy, but by assuming to dictate to indi-viduals in matters of faith and morals. This is true of the National Reform organization formed in 1863, and it is just as true of the Young People's Society of Christian Endeavor and the "Good Citizenship" leagues of more recent origin now so earnestly engaged in using the civil power to advance, as they sup-pose, the interests of the church. We do not see how those who assent to the claims of national reform, by whatever name it may be called, could take issue with Mr..  Yorke, or the Catholic Church, whose views he voices, if the church bears a message not only to individuals, but to nations. For if the authority given to the apostles empowered them to decide civil disputes and controver-sies; or to exercise any civil authority, then, indeed, must the church be the supreme court of the world, not only in religious, but also in civil matters; and this, not the church in a divided state, not as represented by the va-rious sects of Protestantism, but it is manifest  that it must be the church, so organized, constituted and recognized, that its authority will be universally respected. National reform to be consistent must either abandon its own claims, or find refuge in the bosom of Rome. THE CHRISTIAN STATE AND HERESY. THE "Christian State" which it is the aim of the "Christian Endeavor" and kindred movements to set up in these United States, will, if it is realized, be supported upon the same principle as is the Roman Catholic "Christian" State in South America; and this being so, it is wholly inconsistent for the advocates of "Christian" civil government in this country to take exception to that which is done in South American republics, and which the maintenance of that form of gov-ernment logically demands. The following note from the Catholic Review, of October 17, is to the point in this connection :Š "No ecclesiastic in this country," says the Inde-pendent, "believes that the State has a right to con-fiscate religious books and burn them; yet that is just what was done, not many months ago, by the Peruvian authorities, on the express request of the Roman Catholic priests, with some Bibles and hymn books." The fallacy in that statement lies in the adjective "religious." Substitute for it "heretical,"-which ex-actly characterizes the books from the Peruvian point of view, and some ecclesiastics in this country will. believe that the State there is justified in destroying them. The condition of separation between religion and the public life of the nation, desirable as it is in some respects under the circumstances of a thousand and one creeds in our beloved Republic, is not the highest and best. The Christian State is the ideal government. The Independent, in its Christian moments, recog-nizes this truth, for it lauds the members of the Christian Endeavor societies for promoting Christian citizenship, so it insists on the duty of following the obligations of morality in finance, etc. The kingdom of Christ should come to nations a's well as to indiv-iduals. Granted, then, a Christian State, as Peru ought to be but is not, and it has more right to pro-tect its inhabitants from heretical doctrines than it has to defend them from an importation of cholera or smallpox. Roman Catholics as well as misguided Prot-estants believe in the "Christian State" as being the "ideal government." And they have the same rights which Protestants have. If Protestants in this country have the right to set up a "Christian State," Roman Cath-olics have the same right in Ecaador and Peru. The principle is the same in each case, namely, that the majority, who rule in the government, have the right to make that government a "Christian" one. That their own conceptions of Christianity will govern them in the matter is of course perfectly patent. And whether these conceptions are right or not, is not a question which touches the principle upon which the idea of the "Christian State" depends for justification. The question of rights has nothing to do with the question whether people are mistaken or not in their religious belief. An individual has as much right to be a Roman Chtholic as he has to be a Protestant. He may be honest and sincere in becoming either. If he fails in any duty covered by his relation to God, that is a matter to which God himself will attend. The Peruvian authorities, therefore, if the "Christian State" theory be a just one, had a right to seize and burn what they deemed to be heretical books; and in condemning them for this action, the advocates of "Christian,  citizenship" condemn the bridge on which they stand themselves. Would that they might at once abandon it after having thus pronounced it unsound. 