  52 AMERICAN SENTINEL.       in Great Britain!' Why, according to this, not only ne-groes, but white people outside of Great Britain and America were not spoken of in that instrument. The English, Irish, and Scotch, along with white Americans, were included to be suri4; but the French, Germans, and other white people of the world are all gone to plot along with the Judge's inferior races. "I had thought the Declaration promised something better than the condition of British subjects; but no, it only meant that we should be equal to them in their own oppressed and unequal condition! According to that, it gave no promise that, having kicked off the king and lords of Great Britain, we should not at once be sad-dled with a king and lords of our own in these United States. "I had thought the Declaration contemplated the progressive improvement in the condition of all men everywhere; but no, it merely 'was adopted for the pur-pose of justifying the colonists in the eyes of the civilized world in withdrawing their allegiance from the British crown, and dissolving their connection with the mother country.' Why, that object having been effected some eighty years ago, the Declaration is of no practical use nowŠmere rubbishŠold wadding left to rot on the battle-field after the victory is won. "I understand, you are preparing to celebrate the `Fourth' to-morrow week. What for? The doings of that day had no reference to the present; and quite half of you are not even descendants of those who were reŁ ferred to at that day. But I suppose you will celebrate; and will even go so far as to read the Declaration. Sup-pose, after you read it once in the old-fashioned way, you read it once more with Judge Douglas's version. It will then run thus: 'We hold these truths to be self-evident: that all British subjects who were on this continent eighty-one years ago, were created equal to all British subjects born and then residing in Great Britain.' "And now I appeal to allŠto Democrats as well as othersŠare you really willing that the Declaration shall thus be frittered away, thus left no more at most than an interesting memorial of the dead pastŠthus shorn of its vitality and practical value, and left without the germ or even the suggestion of the individual rights of man in it? "These Fourth of July gatherings I suppose have their uses. If you will indulge me, I will state what.  I suppose to be some of them. "We are now a mighty nation; we are thirty, or about thirty [now (1899) about eighty] millions 'of peo-ple, and we own and inhabit about one-fifteenth part of the dry land of the whole earth. We run our memory back over the pages of history for about eighty-two [a hundred and twenty-three] years, and we discover that we were then a very small people in point of numbers, vastly inferior to what we are now, with a vastly less extent of country, with vastly less of everything we deem desirable among men; we look upon the change as ex-ceedingly advantageous to us and to our posterity, and we fix upon something that happened away back, as in some way or other connected with this rise of pros-perity. "We find a race of men living in that day whom we claim as our fathers and grandfathers; they were iron men; they fought for the principle that they were con-tending for; and we understood that by what they then did it has followed that the degree of prosperity which we now enjoy has come to us. We hold this annual cele-bration to remind ourselves of all the good done in this process of time, of how it was done and who did it, and how we are historically connected with it; and we go from these meetings in better humor with ourselves; we feel more attached the one to the other, and more firmly bound to the country we inhabit. In every way we are better men in the age and race and country in which we live, for these celebrations. "But after we have done all this we have not yet reached the whole. There is something else connected with it. We haveŠbesides these men descended by blood from our ancestorsŠamong us, perhaps half our people, who are not descendants at all of these men; they are men who have come from Europe,ŠGerman, Irish, French, and Scandinavian,Šmen that have come from Europe themselves, or whose ancestors have come hither and settled here, finding themselves our equals in all things. If they look back through this history to trace their connection with those days by blood, they find they have none, they cannot carry themselves back into that glorious epoch and make thethselves feel that they are a part of us; but when they look through that old Declara-tion of Independence, they find that those old men say that 'We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal;' rand then they feel that that moral sentiment, taught in that day, evidences their re-lation to those men, that it is the father of all moral principle in them and that they have the right to claim it as though they were blood of the blood, and flesh of the flesh, of the men who wrote that Declaration [loud and long-continued applause]; and so they are. That is the electric cord in that Declaration that links the hearts of patriotic and liberty loving men together; that will link those patriotic hearts as long as the love of freedom exists in the minds of men throughout the world. [Applause.] "Now, sirs, for the purpose of squaring things with this idea . . . that the Declaration of Independence did not mean anything at all, we have Judge Douglas giving his exposition of what the Declaration of Inde--pendence means, and we have him saying that the peo-ple of America are equal to the people of England! Ac-cording to his construction, you Germans are not con-nected with it. Now, I ask you in all soberness, if all these things, if indulged in, if ratified, if confirmed and indorsed, if taught to our children and repeated to them, do not tend to rub out the sentiment of liberty in the country, and to transform this Government into a gov-ernment of some other form? "Those arguments that are made, that the inferior race are to be treated with as much allowance as they are capable of enjoying; that as much is to be done for them as their condition will allow,ŠWhat are these ar-guments? They are the arguments that kings have made for the enslaving of the people in all ages of the world. You will find that all the arguments in favor of.  Kingcraft were of this class; they always bestrode the necks of the people, not that they wanted to do it, but because the people were better off for being ridden. That is their argument, and this argument of the judge is the same old serpent that says, You work, and I eat; you toil, and I will enjoy the fruit of it. "Turn it in whatever way you will, whether it comes 