156 A1VII1OEVAICAN NM1_40 VOL. 10, No. 20. terfere with some natural right of his neigh-bors." The Adventists have nowhere been charged with interfering with the rights of other per-sons. For ten years past they have been per-secuted in Tennessee, and similar action has been taken against them in Arkansas, in Georgia, in Maryland and in Massachusetts. Fifty-three have been convicted and thirty have suffered imprisonment. The complain-ants allege that they are shocked or disturbed by the knowledge merely that Sunday work was being done. One person was " shocked " at seeing Sunday hoeing while he himself was driving a cow home from a neighbor's. The observance of the first day of the week instead of the seventh as a day of rest was a change made by the Christian church since the death of Christ, and was purely a church regulation. The observance of either rests with the conscience of each individual, and the laws of a free country are supposed to protect every individual in the free exercise of his own conscience, provided he does not in-terfere with the rights of others. The question arises: Is the United States of America a free country? Are men to be de-prived of freedom of conscience who interfere with no other's rights? Press and public are pointing and should continue to point the fin-ger of scorn at the States which retain laws which make religious persecution possible. The afflictions which are being endured by the Adventists will doubtless accomplish beneficent reform, for the best way, sometimes, to get rid of a bad law is to enforce it. Persecution for conscience' sake will not long be tolerated in America. .ter  THE "EXAMINER," THE [N. -Y.] "CHRISTIAN ADVOCATE," AND THE SABBATH. THE Baptist Church discards infant baptism because it is not commanded by the Word of God, yet it observes the first day of the week as the Sabbath. This inconsistency is constantly getting Baptists into trouble. When the church demands a scriptural command for infant baptism from some church which ad-heres to the unscriptural practice, they are sure to be met with the challenge for a scrip-tural command for Sunday observance. Here is an instance taken from the New York Christian Advocate (Methodist) of April 25:Š The following is from the Examiner:Š " The late Thomas Cooper, of England, an eminent popular lecturer, who in mature life became a Chris-tian and a Baptist, once explained the way in which . he was led to adopt Baptist views. In conversation with a Christian woman, a Baptist, he said: 'I have generally found that, whatever practices or beliefs there may be among the various Christian bodies, they have usually some text which, rightly or,wrongly, is quoted to justify them; but I have never heard of any text which authorizes' the old Romish custom of the christening of church bells.' Really,' replied his friend, ' that is a very simple matter. The chris tening of bells is authorized by the very next verse to the one which commands the christening of babies!' Ša remark which set Thomas Cooper thinking, with the result above indicated." The Christian Advocate quotes the fore-going and follows it with this comment:Š Why this was published we can hardly imagine. Is there any person who supposes that all the practices or beliefs of Christians can be sustained by some positive text ? Our Baptist friends would find great difficulty in finding a positive text in support of some of their beliefs. Without doubt there is no text com-manding the christening of babies. Nor is there any commanding the substitution of the Lord's day for the Sabbath. The church dogma of Sunday sacredness is becoming a universal cudgel with which to smite him who would appeal to Scripture as  the only authority for doctrine and practice. When a Protestant church appeals to Scripture against the unscriptural doctrines and practices of the papacy, the papist seizes the Sunday cudgel and cracks his Protestant disputant over the head with it, and forthwith he is silent. Then when a Protestant of one church, as in the foregoing instance, attempts to appeal to Bible truth against unbiblical traditions, the defender of tradition instantly seizes the Sunday cudgel and pounds his Protestant brother into silence. The fact is, the Sunday institution stands as the ensign of tradition and ritualism, while the Sabbath stands for the Bible and Jesus Christ. -4.- BLUE LAWS. Ł THE genuineness of the special code called the " Blue Laws of Connecticut " is ques-tioned, but that these laws expressed the pre-vailing religious prejudice there can be no doubt. The people of New England two hun-dred years ago were not distinguished for pious hospitality. A person of a different faith from the common Puritan belief was a foe. There was little religious toleration among the early settlers of our land. A Puritan had little charity, and while he wished freedom to worship God in his way, he was not willing to allow another freedom to differ from him. Quakers and Catholics were objects of par-ticular aversion to the ,Puritan. He was not able to comprehend how his God allowed a Quaker to live on the earth, or a Catholic to breathe the air of heaven. To his mind God erred in not putting them out of existence without apology. In these so-called "Blue Laws of Connecticut" we find three against the Quaker and two against Catholic priests. They are as follows:Š If any person turn Quaker, he shall be banished, and not suffered to return upon pain of death. No Quaker or Dissenter from the established worship of this Dominion shall be allowed to give a vote for the election of magistrates or any officer. No food or lodging shall be offered to a Quaker, Adamite, or other heretics. No Catholic priest shall abide in this dominion; he shall be banished and suffer death on his return. Priests may be seized by anyone without a war-rant. We make fun of the Blue Laws, but there are laws on the statute books of Massachusetts that were born of religious intolerance. Peo-ple must be just as free to doubt, or to deny as to believe, and they must be entitled to as much consideration from the State as the most devout worshiper, so long as they are honest, upright citizens. The State should know neither Christian, Jew, nor infidel, and all laws which punish men for non-observance of a certain religious custom ought to be repealed. Exchange. Ł Ł SOME SUNDAY LAW INCONSISTENCIES. [By Wm. Geo. Oppenheim, in New York World.] IF I were a philosopher I might offer some reflections on and draw some deductions from certain perplexities that beset men of this city on Sunday. As, for instance, if I were a philosopher, I might ask myself where freedom of action ends and restraint begins. On Sunday Mr. De Smythe is at liberty--if he is a member of an uptown clubŠto enter its . reception-room, call for any beverage, vinous, malt, or spirituous, and have it brought to him with most perfunctory elegance by a swallow-tailed waiter. But Mr. De Smythe is not permitted on that holy day to buy beer, wine, or liquor at a hotel or saloon bar. On Sunday John Smith is free to go to the  park or a garden and listen to the strains that issue from the kiosk, but he is restrained on that holy day from listening to instrumental music in a public hall. He may go to a con-cert in the evening, where gems from operas are sung by Melba, De Reszke, or Scalchi, but he cannot hear an opera in its entirety. On Sunday he may take a pleasure trip on a steamboat or may witness a swimming match, but he is debarred from seeing athletes bat at a baseball. On Sunday he may buy a cigar, but it is made a crimeto sell him a pair of gloves or an umbrella. On Sunday he may drive with considerable rapidity on the boule-vard, but he may not witness a race. On Sunday Mr. De Smythe's coachman is permitted to drive him to the church door and wait on the box till the service is over, and after that may drive him to his club, where he gets his dinner and his bottle of '64 Hoch-heimer; but the coachman may not take either wife or sweetheart on Sunday to a grove where there are music and beer, Hochheimer, or any- thing but plain Crotonheimer. Ł On Sunday he may buy a good dinner either at his club or at a hotel, but the grocers are forbidden, under penalties, to sell him the wherewithal to make a Sunday dinner at home. On Sunday De Smythe may be shaved by the obsequious Figaro at his club-rooms, but it is now contemplated that this necessity shall be denied to plain John Smith at the hair-dressing rooms throughout the city. On Sunday he may look at the panorama in Twenty-fourth Street, but the sight of a pantomime in Fourteenth Street is debarred him. On Sunday he may hear the blare of trump-ets and the music of Cappa's band at the head of a funeral parade, but itinerant mu-sicians with the best of intentions and wind are not allowed to play for him on this same Sunday. Strange, isn't it ? Ł  SUNDAY BASEBALL IN ST. PAUL, MINN. BY H. F. PHELPS. IT was supposed that the Sunday saloon would be the first point of attack by the Sun-day Observance League of St. Paul, but it has turned out to be the Sunday baseball game. From early spring, preparations have been going on in order that St. Paul might not be behind other cities by being minus a Sunday baseball game. The grounds were leased and enclosed, and stands were made. During all this time there was not a ripple on .the surface indicating the deep under-current that was running counter to the popular game; nor was there anything that indicated the storm that would soon break on the heads of the movers in the enterprise. But on Friday, April 19, before the first game was to be played, the wind began to blow. The mayor was visited by a representative of the Sunday Observance League, ,the. Rev. C. E. Haupt, of the Church of the Messiah, who suggested that it would be for the good of the commun-ity to put a stop to the game. As his honor was of a different opinion as to what would be for the good of the community, they could not agree; the mayor contending that the best government was the one that governed least. Mr. Haupt could hardly admit the truth of this maxim, as he thought the people could not govern themselves; and that it was only true when the people ;were fully capable of self-government. But a query arises, on this point. Admit-ting that the people are not fully capable of 