THE AMERICAN SENTINE7L 387 Greeks, Catholic's and Protestants, Agnostics and Atheists, are all agreed in commending what is good and right, and in condemning what is bad and Wrong,' and one and all agree in the reasons there-for. Let :us therefore teach morality in our State schools, =hat let us. not attempt to introduce relig-ion, concerning' which scarcely any two persons agree. We dissent most emphatically from the statement that " there is no difference of opinion,  in regard to morality," There is ' very wide difference of opinion both as to what constitutes morals And also as to the standard and sanction of morals. " .:Webster defines thus The relation of conformity or lion-conformity to ttte true moral 'standard or rule; the quality of an intention;  a character, an action, a principle or a sentiment, when tried by the standard of right; 'the quality of an action which renders it good; the conformity .of an act to the divane law, or to the ininciple,of morals. "Moral," used as an adjective, is defined by the same authority, as follows:- 1. Relating to duty or obligation; pertaining to those intentions and actions of which right and wrong, virtue and vice, are predicated, or to the rules by which such actions and intentions ought to be directd; relating to the practice,' manners, or ceminct.of men as social beings in relation to each other, as: respects right and wrong, so far as they .Are Pr9Perly subject to rules, 2. Conformed to rules of right, or to the divine law respecting social duties; virtuous; just. The definition of "right," as applied to morals, is Conformed to the constitution of man and the will of God; never deviating from the true and just; according with truth and duty; unswerving; just ; true. In the light of these definitions, it is not too much to. say that there is no such uni-versal agreement as to what constitutes morality as Dr. Westbrook seems to im-agine. In fact, opinions differ just as widely upon morals as upon religion, and that for the reason that the two are so closely . related that it is impossible to teach the one without teaching also the other. As even Paine acknowledges in his "Rights of Man," " All religions are united with principles of morality." Indeed, principles of morality are a part Of every religion, and religion has refer-ence invariably to the practice of morality, and all religions appeal to 'some real or supposed supernatural power as authority on morals and for sanction for their codes of morals. To teach morals is to teach rules govern-ing action, and the reasons for those rules. Morals must have a sanction; and in every age and in every clime that sanction has been found in religion. Consequently the higher the prevailing conception of Deity, the purer and more perfect the code.  of morals of any people. The. Apostle Paul simply- states a truth when, in the first chapter of Romans, he shows that in pro-portion: as the heathen. forgot God, their morals became corrupt. By " morals, " President Westbrook probably means no more than civility, or courtesy. Possibly he might carry it further than this and enforce a practical  recognition of the self-evident truth that all men are created equal, and that they are by nature endowed with certain in-alienable rights, and that it is the duty of every man to recognize the equal rights of his fellows. This is all good, and no one can come short of it and be truly moral ; but it is very far from being the Łsum of good morals. All this can be, and is, practiced more or less fully with no refer-ence to the divine law; but the morality of an act is determined by its " relation of conformity or non-conformity to the divine law." That which leaves the di-vine law out of the question cannot be recognized by Christians as morality. This brings us to another point, namely, that while it is true that the State cannot properly teach Christianity it has no more right to teach that which is contrary to Christianity. Morals must have a sanc-tion, that is, the moral standard must rest upon, or be supported' by, some au-thority. That standard, Webster says, is the divine law; and so Christians hold. It follows that to carry out the Secular Union scheme for teaching morals a dif-ferent standard must be established, and the children must be taught that it is the standard ; this at once places the State in antagonism to Christianity. But as before intimated,' the State has no more right to antagonize Christianity than it has to foster it. It follows, there-fore, that the State must let morals alone; it may teach civility and civil justice upon the basis of the self-evident truth that all men are by nature endowed with cer-tain inalienable rights, but it must not teach that this is morality, and that mor-als rest upon no higher authority than the mutual obligations of human beings. The Secular Union would better take the posi-tion, that the State should confine its edu-cational work to giving instruction in the exact sciences. C. P. B. A Reason for It. THE Sunday-closing law of Denver seems to be a dead letter.ŠSalida Mail. No Sunday-closing law can be made a live letter. We have studied the subject for thirty years from personal observation, and know the history of the fanaticism for a century. No ecclesiastical law has ever been successful. Its failure is' most pronounced, however, when the law ap-plies to every vocation in life. Saloon and barber-shop,  closing have both been tried in Denver, and both have fallen under the pressure of public disapproba-tion. Now try to close drug stores and confectioneries and bakeries, and stop the street sale of newspapers. What result would you look for, particularly in large cities ? Revolution ? Yes, and very de-cided revolution. There are several rea-sons for this sentiment. One is the grow-ing spirit of liberalism in religious matters. Another, the fact that this Government  was founded on equal rights and personal liberty. Another, that hundreds of thou-sands of citizens believe that the Lord ordained the seventh, and not the first, day of the week for his worship and for rest. These believers, in the true spirit of the Declaration of Independence, must be protected in their beliefŠpersonal lib-erty, equal rights; and no one churchŠno one dogmaŠno one priesthoodŠno one ism should prevail against another. The Church and the State must forever remain separate in the United States of America, or down goes the proud structure.ŠColo-rado Graphic. The New Standard. THE Christian Statesman seems to have addressed the Secretary of the World's Fair, inquiring if the Fair will be open on Sunday or not, and it says that the Secre-tary gave the information " that the ques-tion whether it should be open or closed has been left to the Executive Committee." This," says the *Statesman, "implies that it is regarded by the Commissioners as an open question," and it declares that under the laws that govern the enterprise this is not an open question. It argues from the law of the State of Illinois, and the Act of Congress creating the World's Fair Com-mission, that it will be an open violation of law to open the Fair on Sundays, and because, that Illinois has already a strict Sunday law, and because, the Act of Con-gress says, " that nothing in this Act shall be so construed as to override or interfere with the law of any State." The States-man quotes from Revised Statutes of Illi-nois of 1845, the following:- 260. Sunday shall include the time from mid-night to midnight. 261. Whoever disturbs the peace and good order of society, by labor (works of necessity or charity excepted), or by any amusement, or diversion on Sunday, shall be fined twenty-five dollars. 262. Whoever shall .be guilty of any noise, rout, or amusement on the first day of 'the week, called Sunday, whereby the peace of any private family shall be disturbed, shall be fined not exceeding twenty-five dollars. It 'then reins up the World's Fair Com-mission in the presence of these statutes, and declares that there is no escape from the verdict that " if the Exposition is thrown open on Sunday, it will be in direct violation of the law." From the efforts that have been made the past few years to secure Sunday laws Łin Illinois, we rather doubt whether these statutes of 1845 are still in force, but the Statesman can easily find out whether they are or not when the time comes to open the Fair. The Statesman appeals to the Commis-sioners with this question: " Gentlemen, can you afford, on a question in which the Christian people feel so deeply," etc. From our own observation throughout the country, we find that there are a good many people who are not Christians who feel quite deeply on this question, and in 