270 .A. TOM larc_AINT S.EIVETN-101_,. VoL. 9, No. 34. work an injury to the State should be allowed to worship G ed at the time, in the manner, and wherever they please. The Press asks for others what it demands for itself, that the spirit of the Constitution shall be respected, and all alike be pro-tected in their constitutional and inherent rights. The Evening Standard, of Now Bedford, Mass., finds some extenuating  circum-stances in the case which should appeal to the tender mercies of the Tennessee judges, but thinks after all, that Mr. Capps should be grateful that the sentence of the Mosaic law, that the Sabbath-breaker should be stoned, was not imposed upon him. The Evening Journal, of Ottawa, Can-ada, regards the conviction of Mr. Capps as a commendable effort on the part of the State of Tennessee to uphold a desirable civil and social regulation, rather than a religious dogma, and says that it cannot therefore be persecution. The necessity for such a law as the State of Tennessee has,' according to-the Journal, is due to the fact that the selfish desire of one man to get ahead in business, if unrestrained, would lead others to deny themselves needed rest. If the State should ask Mr. Capps to work on his Sunday (meaning the seventh day of the week), that would be persecution sure enough. It suggests that a person in this dilemma should ob-serve two weekly days of rest, and that the satisfaction to be derived from the thought that he was assisting in the " maintenance of that dear day whose quiet is a godsend and a blessing to tens of millions of toilers," would be ample compensation for his loss of time and money in so doing. While giving Mr. Capps credit for being an honest man, it adds that unwittingly he seems to have done his best to accomplish a grave injury to his fellow human beings. Under the heading, " Anarchy not Liberty," the Inland Sentinel, of Kam-loops, B. C., says : " In this country, where people believe the laws are to be obeyed, Mr. Capps will get little sym-pathy. He worked on Sunday with his eyes open, was fined, the supreme court of Tennessee upheld the convictionŠwhere the injustice ?' For one to question the constitutionality of any law, or to oppose religious dogmas when supplemented by civil law, is denounced as anarchy pure and simple. The remedy, if the minority are unable to secure a modification of such laws and are aggrieved thereby, is for the dissatisfied ones to form a little colony of their own. The Register, of Sandusky, Ohio, says that it is time for a revolution in Tennes-see, and that such a law as that underŁ which Mr. Capps was convicted is not only a travesty on justice but a violation of the Constitution of the United States, which guarantees to every man freedom of religious worship. The offense charged against Mr. Capps was in no way an inter-ference with the rights of his neighbors, and in violation of no principle on which the Constitution was founded-. The Ten-nessde law under which Mr. Capps was convicted is declared to be in violation of the Constitution of the United States, and, being such, would not stand for a moment in any northern State. In Connecticut, even, no man would be arrested and sent to jail for working on Sunday, provided he observed Saturday, or any other day of the week, as the Sabbath. The Enterprise, Belle Vernon, Pa., can  see nothing prejudicial to religious lib-erty in Mr. Capps not being allowed to desecrate the Sabbath (Sunday), and says it is better to keep two days than to have no Sabbath at all. The Canadian Baptist, Toronto, says that the question of which this case is an illustration, is a very difficult one. If the State is proceeding upon religious grounds, and its law is based on a, religious dogma, it is clearly a case of religious persecution. If, on the other hand, the State Sunday law is enacted and enforced simply on physiological and sociological grounds, it is evident that it would be very difficult to make exceptions without injuring the enforcement of the law. Ordinarily the loss of the second day each week is the price which those at variance with the majority have to pay in order to live as their conscience dictates. The fact that the commandment says "six days shalt thou labor" is referred to as adding to the difficulty which the Canadian Baptist experiences in thus disposing of the ques-tion. It finds some consolation, however, in the thought that the requirement of the commandment is, after all, an individual matter, in which the Canadian ,Baptist is not specially concerned, but it asks, in the interests of humanity, why an exemption should not be made in the case o one who observes the seventh as a day of rest. The Four Corners, Wheatland, Cal., asks, " Is it possible in America, the land of religious liberty, in this the era of progress, of enlightenment, of research, of tolerance, to find one State whose laws, if executed, would result as in this case of Mr. Capps ?" It declares that so long as a law of this nature remains upon the statute books of Tennessee, it should be ignored as a State, and calls upon the governor of that commonwealth, if he has any use for the prerogative of pardon, to set this man at liberty. The Times-Democrat, New Orleans, re-viewing the case says it is very plain that the religious freedom of which we are wont to boast with a considerable degree of effusiveness in this country, is very much of a myth. It is not religious free-dom at all; it is the freedom or license of a majority of the population to tyrannize over a minority because the religious views and practices of the minority do not con-form to the religious views and practices of the majority. Quotations of this kind might be greatly multiplied, but enough have been given to show the trend of public sentiment. The press may be considered as represent-ing, to a very large extent, the popular view upon any subject, and it is worthy of notice that a conviction of this char-acter, the injustice of which appeals to the intelligence of every one who has a right conception of the fundamental prin-ciples of religious liberty, finds so many defenders: The religious press, while deploring persecutions for conscience' sake in other lands, have little to say with regard to the spirit of intolerance which is being manifested in our own country. Is it not time for every individual who appreciates the blessings of civil and reli-gious liberty to be awake to the situation ? E. E. PARLIN. THE most sacred of human rights is that of conscience; and the government that invades it is a despotism, no matter by what name it is called. No Such Right Exists. THE New York AMERICAN SENTINEL. says :Š The right of men to quit work whenever for any cause they see fit to do so cannot be denied without. destroying liberty. We deny that such right exists except, in a limited and restricted sense. When men are engaged upon an employment that if suddenly suspended will work se-rious injury to the employer or the public, and when the very nature of the work is,  one necessarily of continuity, there is a moral obligation, an implied contract, to not quit work without giving reasonable notice so that others may be employed to fill the places to be made vacant. An implied contract is as binding, morally, as a specific one. It is no destruction of liberty to insist that workmen shall fairly and faithfully execute implied as well as specific contracts with employers.Š Wash-ington Chronicle. The Chronicle is quite right in its crit-icism of our unqualified statement. How-ever, we did not mean by the term "whenever," that the engineer could abandon his train between stations, or the teamster his employer's horses at the mar-ket-place. We had in mind the right of the laborer to cease work with a view of bettering his condition either with his old employer or with a new one. We recog-nize the " moral obligation " modifying the " whenever " of our statement, and should have expressed it. However, if the " moral obligation " of employer to employd were universally recognized, it would materially reduce the number of strikes. Barbarous, Unchristian Persecution. A SEVENTH-DAY Adventist, a Mr. Capps, citizen of Weakley County, Tenn., did some necessary farm work on a Sunday, he having, according to the rules of his church, given Saturday to worship and religious meditation. He was arrested for working on Sunday, fined, and jailed. He is a poor man, of weak frame. His young wife and four children are, mean- time, on the verge of starvation. The New Orleans Times-Democrat denounces the treatment of Mr. Capps as barbarous, unchristian persecution, and is raising a fund for the payment of the fine and costs. The Times-Democrat says :Š And this is religious persecution, at the end of the nineteenth century, as surely as ever religious perse-cution was practiced either in New England at the end of the eighteenth century, or in Spain at the end of the fifteenth century. Tennessee should make haste to change its laws regulating the " day of rest ;" they are not in keeping either with the civilized con-ditions of this part of the world or of this advanced age in the world's history. We believe the Times-Democrat is right. The Sunday laws, so far as they simply cover the police power of the State to pre-serve order on the first day of the week, so that worshipers in our churches be not disturbed, are all right. When they pro-pose to compel Quakers, Adventists and others, who worship on other days to keep Sunday, according to the rules of other churches, then these laws are essentially laws restricting both religious liberty and the rights of the citizen. Governor Porter takes the same ground. He defended some Adventists, who were persecuted by bigots in his county, and defeated the per-secutors in the courts.Š ChattanoogaDaily Times, July 29, 1894. 