FEBRUARY 21, 1895. lEt31  A.N. 61 WILL TRY MORAL SUASION. A FEW days since, the Woman's Sabbath Alliance, so-called, of this city, adopted the following pledge, which the members of the society are required to sign To resist by precept and example whatever tends to undermine the Sabbath as a day of rest and worship, such as the Sunday secular newspapers, social Sunday entertainments, and Sunday driving and travelling for personal convenience, gain or pleasure; and we fur-ther pledge ourselves to exert our influence to create a right sentiment on all aspects of the Sunday ques-tion, especially in reference to traffic of every kind on that day. Commenting upon this pledge, the Sun says:Š No fault whatever can be found with that pledge, on the ground that it proposes any invasion of per-sonal liberty or any interference with the rights of anybody. . . . They simply bind themselves to-gether "to create a right sentiment on all aspects of the Sunday question" as it seems to their own con-sciences, and to resist by their personal example and by their precept the present tendency " to undermine the Sabbath." They pledge themselves not to read a Sunday newspaper nor to attend "social Sunday en-tertainments," and not to drive and travel on that day for convenience or pleasure; but they do not as-sume to deny those privileges to anybody else. They will only try to induce other people to refrain from them, in obedience to their understanding of the Mosaic commandment. This, these women have a perfect right to do. Of course they err greatly in supposing that Sunday is the Sabbath. The Bible says: " The seventh day is the Sabbath," and every-body knows that Sunday is not the seventh day but the first day. But the women of the Woman's Sabbath Alliance have a perfect right to believe that the first day is the sev-enth, or that the Lord has changed his mind, or that he transferred the Sabbath to another day and neglected to tell anybody about it, or to believe any other absurdity they wish to believe; moreover, they have a perfect right to persuade everybody whom they can influ-ence, to believe and practice as they do. But if they stop here they will indeed be unique among so-called Sabbath reformers. The logic of error is to compel everybody to obey, and in this the Sunday-sabbath advocates are not peculiar. Having no divine law they seek human legislation; having no divine judg-ments to declare against those who disregard the first day, they uniformly appeal to human law and to civil penalties. We shall confi-dently expect to see, erelong, this so-called Sabbath Alliance going the way of the Amer-ican Sabbath Union in this matter, namely, appealing to the civil law. BONES, STONES, AND MIRACLES. THE beginning of the Reformation marked the decline of the veneration of relics and the miracles attributed to them, even among de-vout Romanists themselves. But now that the Reformation is disappearing from the minds and hearts of men, it logically follows that " shrines," " relics," and "miracles " should increase. And they are increasing. New York City has a shrine in which it is seriously asserted that there is to be seen a fragment of St. Anne procured of Pope Leo XIII. The press frequently announces the cure of some " incurable" case. Some imagine that these professed cures are confined to the obscure and ignorant, but this is not entirely true: The following clipping which is going the rounds of the press, announces the cure of a veteran policeman of this city at a shrine lo-cated at Auriesville, Montgomery Co., New York, under the control of the Jesuits. No one can fail to discover the patent medicine advertisement enterprise that inspired the publication of this article, and that it is pub- lished at this time with a view to drumming up next summer's trade; but it is neverthe-less serious because it is seriously put forth by that "infallible" church which is just now so deeply ;nterested in the conversion of Amer-icans and America to the "true church" and to a belief in the efficacy of " holy water" and pulverized stone as a cure for human ills:Š " I have been cured by his divine intervention, where all the doctors had failed to relieve me," said Policeman Michael Griffin yesterday. Griffin wears five blue stripes on the sleeves of his uniform, showing that he has served more than a quarter of a century on the 11.73tropolitan police force. He has been at-tached for several years to the Ordnance Department. After his health had been shattered by disease and ex-posure, he was transferred from active patrol duty to the comparative quiet of the courts. The policeman had never been well since he first joined the force. He had malaria in his spine that at times caused him most horrible suffering. He had consulted many physicians, but none of them had been able to effect a cure, and as the time passed his infirmities increased and it became more and more difficult for him to attend to his duties. Many of the members of St. Francis Xavier's Church planned a pilgrimage to Auriesville, Montgomery County, last August, and Griffin arranged to take his vacation at the time, so as to join the other pilgrims at the shrine of the Mother of Martyrs, to worship with them on Lady's Day and to remain for a week. Auriesville is in a charming section of the Mohawk Valley, about one hundred and seventy-five miles from this city: Twelve acres of landŠa hill over-looking the railroad station, and with the shrine on its summitŠbelong to the Jesuit fathers. Some improvements have already been made and many others are in contempla-tion, including a beautiful chapel on the hilltop and rows of trees in place of corn fields. The shrine marks the spot where Father Isaac Jogues, a missionary priest, was slain by Indians more than two hundred years ago. His associate, Rene Goupil, a scholastic, was murdered at the same time near by, and tradition has it that his remains were covered by a huge bowlder. In any event, the body was never found, but pilgrims have long assumed that a rock weighing three or four tons in a ravine not more than five minutes' walk from the hill, had been rolled over him. A little stream passes through the ravine when the winter snows thaw, but dries during the warm weather. The rock is probably three feet high and rounded on the sides; the fiat surface looks as though it had been the base, but had been overturned by some giant force. Father Jogues' piety and good deeds gained him wide fame, and one of the Indian maidens whom he converted, and who subsequently suffered martyrdom, is, it is said, to be canonized. Pilgrims have been go-ing to the shrine for several years, but never were there as many as last summer. Griffin estimates that on August 15 there were one thousand from Amster-dam, N. Y., eight hundred from Albany and Troy, and probably one thousand others from different points in this State and Pennsylvania. There were impressive ceremonies, including a procession of pil-grims up the Hill of Prayer to the shrine, and touch-ing sermons, glorifying the martyrs. After the service the pilgrims scattered, and many of them broke off pieces of the rock under which Rene Goupil's body was said to have been crushed, Griffin kept part of the stone he had brought to the city. He recently heard that one of the pilgrims who had been a cripple had been wholly cured, and he determined to test the efficacy of the stone in his own case. He crushed a portion of it in holy water from St. Ignatius' about a month ago and applied it that night to the open wound, praying to God to help him in his affliction. The sore miraculously disappeared and Griffin be-came more robust than he had been for many years. His aches and pains were gone, and he recovered the light step and heart of his youth. He determined to test the efficacy of the stone on another sufferer. His landlady, Mrs. McDonald, was afflicted with many of the ills brought by old age. She had become blind, and pains racked her limbs. Her worst trouble consisted of cramps or spasms in her legs at night, that made sleep impossible. She bad found temporary relief by applications of hot bricks, and her daughters were compelled to get up frequently to prepare them for her comfort. Griffin told Mrs. McDonald what the relic had done for him, gave her some of the powdered stone in holy water, and when the pain attacked her, her daughters rubbed her legs with the marvel-working preparation. She was immediately quieted and fell into a peace-ful slumber, and since then she has had no cause to complain of any ache. "She is very, very old," said Griffin. " I should say she is from seventy-five to eighty years old, and has long been entirely confined to her house, but she  now hopes to soon be able to go to St. Francis Xavier's Church, that she used to attend regularly. " She next rubbed the stone and holy water on her sightless eyes, and when she sat down at the table with her daughters she cried, `Glory be to God, I can see my cup " When she was helped upstairs she was able to see the banister on which she had to bear for support. I went to the house last night, and Mrs. McDonald held out her hand to me. I was not standing directly opposite her, but just a little to one side, and I asked her if she could see my hand. She could, and she demonstrated the fact by grasping it in her own." Griffin says God in his ineffable way has positively revealed to his faithful ones that the rock marks the place where Rene Goupil, the scholastic, became a martyr. Other miracles, he reports, have been ac-complished through the agency of the stone, and are known to the fathers of the church. There will be another pilgrimage to the beautiful Mohawk Valley next summer, and it will be far larger than the last one. "If God spares me, in his mercy, till then," says Griffin, "I shall go to Auriesville for my vacation. Last year's pilgrims assemble at a special mass at half-past six on the morning of the 15th of each month, when there are many prayers uttered to the everlasting glory of the Mother of Martyrs." Now all this did not occur in France,Spain, South America, or the province of Quebec, but it is claimed that it occurred in the Empire State and in the American metropolis. There are several questions which are sug-gested by this account. What will be done when the pilgrims have chipped away all this stone ? If it is so efficacious it will not last long. And suppose after the stone has disappeared they do not find Rene Goupil's body ? Would it not be safer to take a pick and dig under the stone and thus ascertain for certain whether the body is there, rather than to trust to " miracles" to sustain the supposition ? One of two things is true; either these peo-ple are the victims of a designing priesthood which is making merchandise of the bodies and souls of men, or if the priests believe that miracles are actually wrought, and these cures are real, then the deception is stills deeper and they are all the victims of the devil who, ac-cording to Scripture, was to work with " all power and signs and lying wonders" before the second coming of Christ. It cannot be that miracles are wrought in the name of Rene Goupil, for " there is none other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved" except the name of " Jesus Christ of Nazareth." CHRISTIAN(?) UNITY MEETING AT BAY CITY. SucH is the heading in the Detroit Evening News of Jan. 30, 1895, in describing a mass Łmeeting in Bay City, where six Catholic priests, twelve Prdtestant ministers and one hundred representative citizens sat on the platform at the Christian unity meeting held Jan. 29. There was an audience that filled the opera house in spite of the ten-cent admission fee. Even the gallery was crowded, and no standing-room anywhere. Ex-Congressman Nathan B. Bradley presided. He stated that the purpose of the meeting was to see if there were not a common ground upon which Christians could meet in fellowship. All united in repeating the Lord's prayer, led by Rev. Thomas McLean (Episcopal), and then Rev. " Father" (Brother) Schrembs was called on, and led in singing "Nearer, my God, to Thee." The scene was said. to be " overwhelming," and I do not doubt it. The speakers were ex-Mayor A. McDonnell, Catholic; Rev. Charleg T. Patchell, Congre-gationalist; Rev. "Father" Rafter, Catholic; Rev. W. H. Clark, Presbyterian; Rev. " Fa-. thee Schrembs, Catholic; Rev. T. W. Mc-Lean, Episcopalian. All cordially indorsed the movement, which they declared existed solely for the purpose of wiping out intoler- 