THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 131 and simple, and not waste their time with Sunday closing. If, however, that which is desired is State recognition of Sunday as being for some reason better than other days, Sunday-closing laws are certainly a step in the right direction. This city has Sunday-closing laws, but it is notorious that it does not lessen the amount of drunkenness for the reason that people get and drink their liquor just the same as they used to before the saloons were closed on Sunday. Many buy it on Saturday evening. And again many sa-loons close only the front door while the side door remains open. It is openly charged that for this privilege they pay a regular monthly allowance to the police. Those who pay are not arrested; those , who refuse are hurried off to prison and are fined, till driven out of the business. The only, way to prohibit the liquor traffic is to prohibit it, not one day in the week but every day. To make criminal upon one day in the week that which is perfectly legal fit all other times, is simply to place a premium upon official corruption ; to make possible persecution, as in Tennes-see; and to educate people to disregard and despise the law. C .P .BOLLMAN The National Reform Star. REV. J. M. FOSTER, district secretary of 'the National Reform Association, says : " The whole machinery of government," in the United States, " is adjusted as per-fectly, and works as harmoniously, as any Corliss engine. Under it we have grown to be a great, and prosperous, and happy people." If this is true, what more could be asked ? If, under our present form of government, we have grown to be great, and prosperous, and happy, why is it that Mr. Foster and his National Reform friends are laboring so diligently to change the very foundations upon which that govern-ment rests ? Do they desire to exchange greatness for insignificance ? prosperity for adversity? and happiness for misery ? How can they expect to change the cause without changing the effect ? And if the results which follow the practical work-ings of our Government are good, why should the cause be changed ? Yet Mr. Foster says in his next sentence, " But there is one fatal defect." How can that be ? How can a system of government produce such excellent results while it has a "fatal defect " ? When a. man receives a fatal wound, he dies. If he does not die, then the wound is not fatal. The fact that under this Government " we have grown to be a great, and prosperous, and happy people," proves that what Mr. Fos-ter regards as a fatal defect has not been fatal at all. If instead of growing " great and prosperous, and happy," we had been growing in the opposite direction, then it would seem that the defects were about to prove fatal, but prosperity and happiness  are certainly very poor evidences of fa-tality. But what does Mr. Foster regard as the fatal defect in our system of government ? He says : "The sovereign people have not acknowledged the Source of their author-ity and law, their dependence upon God and their obligation to him." Yet Mr. Foster acknowledges that notwithstanding this " we have grown to be a great, and prosperous, and happy people." This shows that a nation can be blessed of God without making any such acknowledge-ment in their civil constitution as Mr. Foster requires. Undoubtedly the people of every nation should acknowledge God and Christianity, but only such persons should make the acknowledgement as can do so from the heart. And the acknowl-edgement should be made through the me-dium of the Church and not through the medium of the State. It should be op-tional with the people whether they shall belong to the church or not ; but it cannot be optional whether they shall belong to the State. Every one has to belong to some State while he is in the world. There-fore if the State is the proper organization through which to make a profession of Christianity, all would be compelled to make the profession whether they believed in it or not. Blasphemy and hypocrisy would be the inevitable result. Christ says, " Let him that is athirst come." If any one is thirsting for Christianity, he should be permitted to have it ; nay he can not be hindered from having it; but if he is not thirsting, and does not want it, no power on earth has any right to force it, or any part of it, upon him. Mr. Foster continues : "Astronomers tell us that some of the fixed stars are so far away that were they blotted out they would 'still continue visible for many gen-erations. We have blotted out of our Constitution the star of our national life." How can that be ? By the star of our national life, Mr. Foster means an ac-knowledgement of God and his authority in the national Constitution. But he has already stated that the people have never yet made any such acknowledgement; that is, they have never had any such star in their political Constitution. Now the question arises, How could we blot out of our Constitution a star that was never there ? And when was this done ? Still he says " The light of prosperity has con-tinued to pour down upon us." Does he mean the light of that star which he him-self claims has .not yet had an existence ? It would seem appropriate that the light of national prosperity should emanate from " the star of our national life," and we believe that it does. We believe that "the light of prosperity " which has been pouring down upon us all these years comes from a star that actually exists, and that it has existed all the time, or else we should not have had the light. Mr. Foster acknowledges the existence of the light, and its beneficial results, but denies the existence of its source; so he wants the Nation to set up his National Reform " star," that he may have something to which he can attribute this wonderful light. But would it be honest to attrib-ute the light to a star which was not brought into existence until the light had been shining for one hundred years ? However, Mr. Foster thinks this "light of prosperity' has been shining without any source about as long as it can, and that unless a source is provided, it will certainly go out. He says , " but soon that light will be exhausted." We should think so, too, if it has been shining all this time without any source. But we do not believe any such nonsense. We believe that the light of our national pros-perity has an adequate source, and that so long as the source is left undisturbed the light will continue to shine. And this is why we object to the whole Na-tional Reform scheme. They want to tear down what has' been our source of light in the past; and since under the in-fluence of this light " we have grown to be a great, and prosperous and happy people," we think that it ought to be left undisturbed. Although this National Reform star has never had a position above our political horizon, yet it has shone in many skies during the ages of the past. In the time of Constantine, there were those who hoped to illuminate the. entire world with this star. They succeeded in making it the ruling star, but the time of its su-premacy is always referred to as the " Dark Ages." If it be acknowledged that we now have light, we shall be wise not to exchange it for that which has caused the darkness of the awful past. A. DELOS WESCOTT. The Sunday-Rest League in Chicago. FOR some time an organization known as the Chicago Sunday Closing Association has been in existence in Chicago. This has been augmented, or in part supplanted by the Sunday-rest League. This league states that its object " shall be to co-operate with the Chicago Sunday Closing Association in securing, by all proper means, freedom from unnecessary Sunday labor, and especially the closing of factories, shops, stores and saloons on Sunday." They employ a secretary Who spends all his time in the city in. the in-terests of the league, his -work being largely among the foreign element in Chicago. Article three of their constitution states that the league shall be composed of the representatives of the whole poPulation, independent of sectarian control or party dictation." The Chicago News has in-dorsed the league quite fully and seems to be its special organ of communication. The above will give some idea of the 