"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT." Jesus Christ. VOLUME 14. NEW YORK, APRIL 20, 1899. NUMBER 16. Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional. T Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay forit. (Entered at the New York Postoffice.) THE Creator means every man to be a monarchŠover himself. 4 4 To OBEY Csar in any matter of religion is to rob God of hig rightful worship. 4 4 IF the kingdom of heaven could be set up by vote, it would be liable to political overthrow. 4 4 WHEN religion gets into politics, it is only to be ex-pected that politics will get into religion. 4 4 THE papacy never asked for anything more than that the State should enforce "the revealed will of ,God." 4 4 THE individual who is determined to attain popular-ity must expect to part company with all unpopular truth. 4 4 THE business of the Christian Church in this world is not to drive the world to God, but to reflect the glory of God to the world. 4 4 To CLOTHE the State with the attributes of divinity does not elevate the State, but in principle degrades God to the level of a man. THE man who claims to be a successor of the proph-ets, is pretty likely to be a descendant of the Pharisees. 4 4 You cannot legislate or vote good fruit out of a bad treeŠgood government out of a corrupt people. 4 4 THE man who needs a revolution in his own heart to set things right, generally imagines things can only be straightened out by a revolution in society. The Issue in Pennsylvania. WE mentioned last week a very significant feature of the work now being done to promote Sunday enforce-ment in Pennsylvania; namely, that of a body of work-ers five thousand strong covering the large cities of Pittsburg and Allegheny with reform literature in a sin-gle day. This is evidence of the earnestness and re-sources that accompany this movement; and there were other evidences which could only be appreciated by lis-tening to the speeches and witnessing the spirit which controlled the meeting. Much was made of the fact by prominent speakers, and not without reason, that on this occasion the church and the workingmen had at last come together. Here, for the first time in the history of the Sunday movement, the long sought alliance of the Sunday and labor-protecting movements became an accomplished fact; and here, also for the first time, an army of work-ers gave the movement their vigorous support. This is the beginning of what has been long expected by those who have watched this movement and under-stood its import,Šthe beginning of an impetus which is to sweep all before it and accomplish in full the union of religion with the State. It is the beginning of the end. The Amalgamated Association of Iron and Steel Workers is one of the strongest labor organizations in 