192 .A.MIDnEt C.A—N gJEIN °FIN lari, VoL. 11, No. 24. NEW YORK, JUNE 11, 1896. rff-  ANY One receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. THE address of G. H. Lyon, author of " The Only Alternative to Success," noticed in these columns last week, is Sistersville, W. Va., instead of Virginia. THE " National Bureau of Reforms," Mr. Crafts' latest contribution to National Reform auxiliaries, has been incorporated. It is nothing more nor less than an incorporated National Reform lobby. MR. ISAAC BAKER, another Seventh-day Adventist has been arrested at Ford's Store, Md. We have not heard the particulars. His offense was doubtless violation of the statute-intrenched Maryland " sabbath." THE recent decision of the Supreme Court of the United State affirming the constitu-tionality of the " law" of Georgia which prohibits the running of freight cars on Sunday, does not of course touch the ques-tion of the right of the State to forbid Sun-day labor by private parties; but it does show a tendency on the part of the Court of last resort to sustain Sunday legislation as a whole. We shall have more to say on this subject as soon as we shall have procured a copy of the decision. THE Sunday-law question is being vigor-ously agitated in Louisiana. It seems that a movement is on foot to secure the repeal of the " law," and the Sunday-keeping churches are rallying to its support. Memorials to the legislature are being circulated and signed asking not only that the " law " be main-tained, but that it be enforced. This figl was not inaugurated by the International Re-ligious Liberty Association, but now that it is on, representatives of the association are doing all they can to render the people in-telligent in regard to the principles under-lying all religious legislation. NOT satisfied with depriving J. W. Lewis of his liberty for exercising his God-given and constitutional right to labor on Sunday, the authorities of Lake County, Tenn., pro-pose to require him to work. The County Court arranged to hire him out about a week since to a farmer. But Mr. Lewis told the sheriff that as soon as he passed into private hands he should consider himself free and act accordingly. The farmer thereupon de-clined to have anything to do with the matter, and .the " criminal " was remanded to the custody of the sheriff. The chairman of the County Court remarked, however, that  " this jail business must stop. When we have only one we cannot afford to hire a guard," said he, " but when we have as many as two or three we will work them." Four of Mr. Lewis' brethren are under indictment and will be tried July 13 or 14; it is therefore likely that Lake County will soon have a sufficient number of these danger-ous criminals to form a chain-gang; and, by the way, they have been threatened with balls and chains. Lake County could learn a use-ful lesson from Rhea and Henry Counties, where Adventist chain-gangs were found to be both unprofitable and unpopular. PRESS dispatches announce that Mr. W. E. Gladstone, the English ex-premier, has come foreward as an advocate of "Christian unity," by means of papal recognition of the va-lidity of Anglican orders, having written a long letter on the subject to Cardinal Ram-polla. The Pope, it is said, has directed an inquiry into the subject, whereupon Mr. Gladstone declares that he regards this gra-cious attitude on Leo's part as "in the largest sense paternal, and one which he will ever cherish with cordial sentiments of reverence, gratitude, and high appreciation." It would be needless to state who is the gainer in such transactions. As we note the fact brought out by a press reporter in connection with the Fleming mur-der trial, now in progress in this city, that the prosecution refused to call upon the stand the young daughter of Mrs. Fleming as a witness agianst her, we call to mind by way of contrast the course pursued by the prose-cution in the trial of W. D. Dortch, a Sev-enth-day Adventist, of Springville, Tenn., for having done secular work on Sunday. In the former case the prosecution said it would be inhuman to make the child testify against her own mother. But in the case of the man arrested for desecrating Sunday, the prosecu-tion made every effort to compel Mr. Dortch's young son to act the part of a witness against his father. CALIFORNIA is a bad State for Sunday laws.. In declaring the Sunday Barber Law unconstitutional, the Supreme Court of that State said :Š The laboring barber, engaged in a most respectable, useful and cleanly pursuit, is singled out from the thousands of his fellows in other employments and told that, willy-nilly, he shall not work upon holidays and Sundays after 12 o'clock noon. His wishes, tastes or necessities are not consulted. If he labors he is a criminal. Such protection to labor, carried a little further, would send him from the jail to the poor-house. How comes it that the legislative eye was so keen to discern the needs of the oppressed barber, and yet was so blind to his toiling brethren in other vocations? Steam car and street-car operatives toil through long and weary Sunday hours, so do mill and factory hands. There is no Sunday period of rest and protection for the overworked employes of our daily papers. Do these not need rest and protection? The bare sugges-tion,  of these considerations shows the injustice and inequality of the law. Commenting on this decision, the Daily Ledger of Tacoma, Wash., well says: "It is only demagogues, idlers, professional agitators and mischief-makers who talk of overwork  and encourage the making of laws to make honest labor criminal." The Ledger might have added misguided Sunday religionists to the list of those who ask for such legislation. OF the same decision referred to in the preceding note, a weekly paper, published in this city, says:Š There is one sentence in the opinion delivered by the California judges which should be conspicu-ously engraved where all the labor agitators, the legislators who pass labor laws, and the courts that affirm their constitutionality can see it daily. It is this: "It is a curious law for the protection of labor which punishes the laborer for working." It is a peculiarity of meddlesome laws like those passed in the interest of Sunday observance that they are never what they profess to be. This law could not possibly protect any laborer in his right to rest on Sunday, because his right to such rest never has been infringed, and, in the absence of chattel slavery, cannot be. No employer can force any of his employ& to work on Sunday. The law could be used only by those who desired to be idle on Sun-day to oppress those who wanted to work; and the same is true with regard to the Sunday law of New York and other States. Now that the supreme courts of three States, California, Missouri, and Illinois, have seen and declared the injustice of such laws may we not hope that still others will see it? A CORRESPONDENT asks US to state " why idleness cannot be enforced on a certain day on purely civil grounds." We reply, simply because no civil reason exists for such prohi-bition. Joseph Cook says:Š The experience of centuries shows that you will in vain endeavor to preserve Sunday as a day of rest, unless you preserve it as a day of worship. Again, in reply to the question: " Could not this, weekly rest-day be secured without reference to religion ? " the answer given by Mr. Crafts, the then Field Secretary of the American Sabbath Union, was:Š A weekly day of rest has never been permanently secured in any land except on, the basis of religious obligation. Take the religion, out and you take the rest out. The fact is, as these men state, that the observance of a weekly day of rest is wholly dependent on religion. Even admitting for the sake of the argu-ment that a weekly day of rest is a physical necessity and therefore justified by civil rea-sons, there is absolutely nothing to show that all should rest at the same time. The very utmost that could be justified even then would be a law providing a weekly rest-day for each individual, allowing employer and employ to arrange the matter between them accord-ing to their convenience. But nobody wants such a law. The demand for a civil rest-day is altogether in the interests of Sunday " sacredness." AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Entered at the New York Post-Office. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. 