AMERICAN SENTINEL.  131 single point; they will receive only the, less sympathy because their religious rights are not denied upon other points. Nor will it matter at all to them that the heavy hand of the law descends upon them for this one thing and not for such various forms of "heresy" as have been made punishable in the past. They will be fined, im-prisoned, and otherwise punished, precisely as dissent-ers have been punished under the union of church and state in former times. Thus the question "Which church" has no force at all as a reply to the charge that the National Reform movement does aim at a union of church and state. Notes on the Declaration of Independence and the "Quebec Act." BY JOSEPH BRADFIELD. IN the Declaration and Resolves of the First Conti-nental Congress, agreed to at Philadelphia, October 14, 1774, four acts of the British Parliament, one of them being "An act for making more effectual provision for the government of the Province of Quebec, etc.," were solemnly declared to be "impolitic, unjust, and cruel, as well as unconstitutional, and most dangerous and de-structive of American rights." And again, in the same document, in the enumera-tion of "such acts and measures as have been adopted since the late war, which demonstrate a system formed to enslave America," the Quebec Act is included; and it is there spoken of as an act "for establishingtheRoman Catholic religion in the Province of Quebec, abolishing the equitable system of English laws, and erecting a tyranny there, to the great danger (from so total a dissimilarity of religion, law, and government) of the neighboring British colonies, by the assistance of whose blood and treasure the said country was conquered from France." In the famous address to the people Of Great Britain approved October 21,1774, Congress said:Ñ \ "Know then that we think the legislature of Great Britain is not authorized by the Constitution to establish a religion fraught with, sanguinary and impious tenets, or to erect an arbitrary form of government, in any quarter of the globe.t  . . . "At the conclusion of the late warÑa war rendered gloridus by the abilities and integrity of a minister to whose efforts the British empire owes its safety and its fameÑat the conclusion of this war, which was succeeded by an inglorious peace, formed under the auspices of a minister of principles and a family unfriendly to the Protestant cause, and inimical to liberty. We say at this period, and under the influence of that man, a plan for enslaving your fellow subjects in America was con-certed. . . . "To promote these designs, another measure has  been pursued. In tbe session of Parliament last men-tioned, an act was passed for changing the government of Quebec, by which the Roman Catholic religion, in-stead of being tolerated, as stipulated in the treaty of peace, is established; and the people there are deprived of a right to an assembly. Trials by jury, and the English laws in civil cases are abolished. And instead thereof, the French laws are established, in direct viola-tion of his majesty's promise in his royal proclamation, under the faith of which many English subjects settled in that province. And the limits of that province are extended so as to comprehend those vast regions that lie adjoining to the northerly and westerly boundaries of these colonies. "The authors of this arbitrary measure flatterthem-selves that the inhabitants [of Canada], deprived of lib-erty, and artfully provoked against those of another religion, will be proper instruments for assisting in the oppression of such as differ from them in modes of government and faith.ÑJournals of Congress, Vol. 1, p. 54. "This was evidently the object of the act. And in this view, being extremely dangerous to our liberty and quiet, we cannot forbear complaining of it, as hostile to British America. Superadded to these considerations, we cannot help deploring the unhappy condition to which it has reduced the many English settlers, who, encouraged by the royal proclamation promising en-joyment of all their rights, have purchased estates in that country. They are now the subjects of an arbi-trary government, are deprived of trial by jury, and when imprisoned, cannot claim the benefit of the writ of habeas corpus. Nor can we suppreSs our astonishment that a British Parliament should ever consent to estab-lish in that country, a religion that has deluged your island in blood, and dispersed impiety, bigotry, perse-cution, murder, and rebellion through every part of the world."ÑJournalKof Congress, Vol. 1, pp. 44, 45. In the Declaration of the Causes and Necessity of Taking up Arms, adopted July 6, 1775, the Quebec Act is referred to as a statute passed "for erecting in a neighboring province, acquired by the joint arms of Great Britain and America, a despotism dangerous to our very:existence." In the Declaration of Independence, July 4, 1776, the same view of the Quebec Act is expressed by pro-nouncing it to be ari act "for abolishing the free system of English laws in a neighboring province, establishing therein an arbitrary government and enlarging its boundaries so as to render it at once an example and fit instrument for introducing the same absolute rule into these colonies." The Quebec Act had its inception in the Vatican, and is a shocking instance of the insidious methods and per- petual intermeddling of the Roman pontiff in the polit-ical affairs even of Protestant nations. It is a well- established historical fact that Mgr. Guarandoti, who was secretary of the Propaganda under Pope Pius VII, wrote a letter to the British Cabinet ministers in which he enlarged upon the advantages of "the Canadian check," and in the most seductive terms explained what 