AMERICAN SENTINEL. 563 methods, they will advance Romanism, and relegate Protestantism to the rear. This is what the Protestant churches have gained(!) by allying themselves with the Government in the cause of imperialism. They have "strengthened Roman Cath-olicism not only in the Philippines, but in America." A terrible result, this, and one which can follow only from a terrible mistake. The "church militant," as a promi-nent Protestant clergyman recently said, has "saluted the nation militant," and recognized "that their mission and duty is to-day identical;" but now, behold, the nation militant recognizes its mission and duty as being more nearly identical with that of the Church of Rome. Alliance with the stateŠdependence upon the power of the governmentŠis a papal characteristic entirely. And imperialism is an essentially papal form of govern-ment; for imperialism, in common with the papacy, de-nies the right of individuals to govern themselves. In furthering the cause of imperialism, therefore, it could only be that Protestants would strengthen the hands of Rome. If the Protestant church had raised her voice in be-half of liberty, condemning the projected policy of con-quest, the nation might have been turned from the course which has weakened Protestantism and strength-ened Rome at home and abroad. Will the Protestant church now learn the lesson and take up its neglected duty? It is not yet too late. A firm stand by the Prot-estant bodies throughout the land in support of the principle of self-government affirmed in the Declaration of Independence, would suffice to turn the tide of senti-ment that is sweeping the nation toward the imperialist goal. Protestant missions cannot succeed hand in hand with the Government. Protestantism cannot gain ground against Rome in that way. Protestants must go to foreign lands, not as representing a civil power of earth, but the government of heaven, and supported by the power of Christianity. Thus they can go always and succeed in spite of all the power of Rome and of earthly governments. Another Rebuff. THE editor of the OutlookŠLyman Abbott D. D.Šwrote a letter to Archbishop Ireland asking him if there could not be "agreement and cooperation between Protestants and Catholics in the Philippines, Cuba- and Porto Rico, and the work be carried on in such relations of mutual friendliness . . . as will help to draw Protes-tants and Catholics nearer together rather than to estrange them from each other in the United States." The Archbishop replied "frankly" "as a Catholic" and "as an American" and said: "As a Catholic, I cannot approve of any efforts of Protestants to affect the re- ligious duties of the inhabitants of those islands. Cath-olics are there in complete control; they have a thor-ough church organization; the inhabitants are Catho-lics. . . . Protestantism will never take the place in their hearts of that faith. . . . As an American, I will no less object to efforts to implant Protestantism in those islands"Šand much more of the same sort. When will professed Protestants learn enough to quit hum-bling themselves before Rome only to be spurned? But nearly twenty years ago the compromising Protestants, the church and state "Protestants," declared that they must, in spite of rebuffs, seek cooperation with Rome in any way that she shall consent; and they are diligently following it up. "Protestants, there are some; but Protestantism is dead." A. T. J. Ready for a New Constantine. AT the Methodist camp-meeting at Ocean Grove, N. J., about three weeks ago, President McKinley spent a short time one day and made a speech. After he had gone away, Dr. Schell, the general secretary of the Epworth League, in a sermon, says the New York Tribune, "aroused the enthusiasm of his hearers, and the Auditorium resounded with the loud- 'amens' ' when he said, "When President McKinley spoke about peace with honor, and meeting our duty in the islands of the sea like men, our souls leaped within us, for we recog-nized in him the conquering spirit of the old Roman and the militant aggressive spirit of Christianity. . . . He spoke as a patriot and a Christian. There are more than one million young men in the Epworth League alone. No Alexander or Caesar ever had an army like that. We aspire to be the Tenth Legion for any cam-paign. President McKinley may plan for peace at home or peace with honor abroad. These young men with their blood and breeding will march through sand or jungle and flingthemselves at a breastwork with a hardi-hood and a daring that no veteran of the Old Guard or Wellington's Iron Brigade could surpass. He has our prayers to day. He can have our money to-morrow, and the whole million will enlist the day after if we are needed." How much of a degree is that removed from the spirit of the times of Constantine? Another preacher the same day "aroused much en-thusiasm" by calling upon all the people of the United States to "stand by the President in his Philippine pol-icy" and declaring that "God has thrown down a thou-sand isles in the Pacific as jewels, as stepping-stones over which Columbia, with the Stars and Stripes in one hand and the cross of Christ in the other, may pass to the commerce, education, and spiritual salvation of one half of the people of this world." Every sentiment of this whole performance is that of a complete union of church and- state, of conquests of 