SEVENTH-DAY ADVENTIST COLLEGE, BATTLE CREEK, MICH. 122 A_INTMELICA.N VOL. 10, No. 16. II. By virtue of an indult to the *United States, dated August 3, 1887, the following special dispensations are granted :- 1. The use of flesh meat is permitted at all meals on Sundays, and once a day on Mondays, Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays, with the exception of the second and last Saturdays, of Lent. But flesh meat and fish are not to be used at the same meal during Lent, even on Sundays. 2. The use of butter, cheese, milk and eggs is also permitted every day in Lent. 3. It is allowed to take in the morning some warm liquid, as tea, coffee, or thin chocolate, made with water, and with this liquid a mouthful of bread. 4. Those for whom the hour of noon may be an in-convenient time for dinner, may invert the order and take their collation in the morning, and their dinner in the evening. 5. The use of hog's lard, or dripping, instead of butter, is authorized in preparing permitted food. 6. Persons exempt from the obligations of fasting are free to take meat more than once on those days when its use is granted by dispensation. III. The Paschal time extends from the first Sunday of Lent till Trinity Sunday, during which time all per-sons who have attained the proper age are bound to receive worthily the holy communion. The holy Ł season of Lent is a very proper time also for children to make their first confession, which they ought to do generally about the age of seven years. Parents should see to this. By order of his eminence the cardinal, W. -A, REARDON, Chancellor. Baltimore, Feb. 15, 1895. It will be noticed that while it is a sin to eat flesh on certain days, it is not sin to eat fish. It will be interesting to note further what is included under the term "fish." The American Ecclesiastical Review, a Ro-man Catholic monthly, " published for the clergy," with the authority of superiors ("cum approbationes su_periorum"), in its April issue, publishes the following question and, answer :Š Qu. Does the privilege, which exists in the Southern States, of eating seal-duck on days of abstinence, ex-tend to all parts of the country ? Resp. . . Ł Wherever this species of sea-fowl is commonly reckoned in the same category of food as turtles, lobster, frogs, oyster, etc., which though they cannot be called fish, are nevertheless held to be lenten food, there the practice of serving seal-duck is licit. Some regard as included in this category even the meat of beavers, otters, coots, and other semi-marine ani-mals which live almost exclusively in the water and obtain their food there. From this we learn that, according to the church of Rome, it is a sin to eat flesh on cer-tain days, but it is not a sin to eat fish, seal-duck, turtles, lobsters, frogs, oystets, beavers, otters and coots. In other words, the church damns a man who eats beef or mutton, and commends him when he eats turtles, lobsters, frogs, oysters, beavers, otters and coots. " Sin is the transgression of the law " (1 John 3: 4), but the Roman Catholic Church has thought to change that law which the Lord, by the Psalmist, calls "perfect," and by Paul calls " spiritual," " holy," " just," and " good," and has erected another standard of righteousness, a part of which declares that it is a sin to eat beef and mutton on certain days in certain countries, but righteousness to eat turtles, lobsters, frogs, oysters, beavers, otters and coots. Oh that Roman Catholics would- turn from the burdensome traditions of men to the law of God; from the "vicar of Christ" and " the virgin," to Him who said, " Come unto me. WHEN the teachings of Christ rule in the hearts of individuals, then behold the peace-able fruits of righteousness; when men as-sume to have authority from Christ to rule other men by means of the civil law,then be-hold the unpeaceable and unequal fruits of persecution.ŠMidland (Mich.) Republican. THE EDUCATIONAL WORK OF THE ADVENTISTS. THE closing of the Adventist academy in Rhea County, Tenn., by the persecution at that place, naturally suggests some question as to the extent and nature of the educational-work conducted by this people. The educational 'facilities of the denomina-tion are summarized by Prof. W. W. Prescott, their educational secretary, in his recent re-port to the General Conference, as follows:Š Battle Creek College, at Battle Creek, Mich. ; Union College, at College View, Neb. ; Healdsburg College, at Healdsburg, Cal. ; Walla Walla College, at College Place, Wash. ; and Claremont College, at, Clare-mont, South Africa. Tbere are four academies, or schools, doing work of academic grade, in this coun-try; at South Lancaster, Mass. ; Mt. Vernon, Ohio; Keene, Texas; and Graysville, Tenn. ; and one abroad [Frederikshavn, Denmark] There are also the West Virginia Preparatory School, the Australasian Bible School, .a school in Mexico in connection with the Medical Mission ; schools for native children upon Pit-cairn Island, upon Raiatea of the Society group,- in the South Pacific Ocean, upon Bonacca-  of the Bay Islands in the Caribbean Sea, about fifteen church schools in this country and abroad, two General Conference Bible schools, and quite a number of local colporters' and conference schools not regularly organized. At the time of the making of this report, February 17, there were enrolled in the regu-lar schools, not including the local colporters' and conference schools not regularly organized, over three thousand pupils. The total num-ber of instructors and helpers engaged in school work was at the same time one hundred and seventy, approximately. This does not include Bible schools, schools for the educa-tion of colporters, or local church schools. Thus it will be seen that for a denomination numbering only about fifty thousand- commu-nicants, the Seventh-day Adventists are doing a large amount of educational work. Battle Creek College, Battle Creek, Mich., has an enrollment of six hundred and twenty-eight; Union College, Lincoln, Neb., has an enrollment of four hundred and thirty-six; and Graysville Academy, the school closed by the imprisonment of the principal and his first assistant, is credited with an enrollment of one hundred and five. The number of teachers in the Graysville  Academy was nine; at Union College, thirty-seven; and Battle Creek College, thirty-four. A larger number at Union College is due to the fact that,  there are German and-Scandina-vian departments. The educational work done by the Advent-ists is by no means superficial. In fact, they aim at thoroughness in all their work. Edu-cation is essential to any people who espouse unpopular doctrines. They must be able to defend their positions, and to defend them in-telligently, and this they cannot do without education. Of course, their educational work differs somewhat from that of other denomi-nations, for it has reference more to religious training than perhaps that given by any other denomination. Bible truth is taught in all their schools, and almost everyone takes the " Book of books " as one of his studies. However, the sciences are not neglected, and students leaving-  some of their institutions and entering various colleges in the country, have passed very satisfactory examinations; in fact, some of the Adventist schools have been highly complimented on the quality of their work by, those who have learned of them by, coming in contact with students who have entered other and higher institutions of learning. The Adventists are a practical people, and as far as possible, give a practical education. Most of the students in their colleges and academies have some definite purpose in view, and are studying to fit themselves'for some particular sphere of usefulness. Being reared in Christian families, and having Christian as-pirations themselves, their students,, as a rule, work from a conscientious standpoint, and not simply to be able to pass certain exam-inations and receive a diploma at the end of their course. They realize that they are fit-ting themselves for active work in the cause of God, and that their time and even them-selves are not their own. Hence a different spirit, pervades these institutions from that found in many schools. The medical missionary work is receiving a good deal of attention from this people. They have at Battle Creek the largest and best equipped medical and surgical sanitarium in 