AMERICAN SENTINEL. 631 Do all the individuals who comprise this nation so "abide in Him" that they "walk even as He walked?" Is that the reason why the New York Independent makes the above report? AGAIN: If this is a "Christian nation," then all its citi-zens must be Christians. If all its citizens are Christians, then all the acts of its citizens are Christian acts. This being true, we may expect that since 1892, the year that this nation was officially declared to be "Chris-tian," its life has been patterned after Him who is the Author of Christianity. But what are the facts? Before the Supreme Court fiat of 1892, the record for one year (1891) in murders wa: 5,906. Since then for the five years following to Dec. 31,1896, the awful record shows a total of 44,361 murders. A very flattering record, truly! AGAIN: If this is already a "Christian nation" (and the United States Supreme Court says it is), then Christ must now be enthroned as the nation's head. And this being true(?), was the Christian Endeavor convention at Boston, in 1895, consistent when it set forth as the pur-pose of that vast organization, "To enthrone Christ in every town and city; . . . to have every mayor and councilman a Christian, then Christ will rule" ? "What a man seeth, why doth he yet hope for"? Blind Humanitarians. "Present Truth" (London, Eng.), September 23. No one can rightly question the sincerity of those seeking social reform who do not acknowledge God's au-thority as the first step toward true reform. They merely do not know. When Jesus was condemned, it was from this "general humanitarian" point of view. "It is expe-dient for us," said Caiaphas, "that one man should die for the people, and that the whole nation-perish not." But their rejection of Jesus and, in that, of God's law and rulership brought swift ruin upon people and nation. Paul was denounced as a "pestilent fellow," and Christians were a sect "everywhere spoken against" because they were preaching the gospel in a society that men were try-ing to bind together by universal ties of trade and com-mon religion, enforced by civil law. But the gospel of liberty which they preached was the only hope of society. Just so papal Rome for many centuries tried to compel uniformity in error for the general good and peace of so-ciety. But Rome corrupted and ruined the world. THE TWO GOSPELS. In the beginning Satan persuaded Eve that he stood for the interests of humanity as against God's commands. All the trouble that floods the world and is hastening it to destruction was in that substitution of Satan's way for God's. The enemy has ever since posed as a humani-tarian, working to persuade men that liberty and the general good are to be sought in rejecting God's author-ity. The result is the bondage of sin. God's gospel calls  men to liberty in Christ, which is the freedom of the obe-dience of love. This Sabbath question is but the test as to whether God's way or Satan's shall stand. The Sun-day-law advocate says that the general day of rest must not be God's Sabbath, but Sunday, and to secure it to those who wish to keep it, those who do not must be forced to observe it. God's Sabbath rest cannot be en-forced by human law. Only faith establishes it. But it stands in thepower of God as the sign of his power. And he will show that not only can men keep it and enjoy his rest when others do not, but that they can keep it when all the world seeks by force to compel them to reject it and accept the papal substitute. Man Superior to Institutions. BY GEO. W. COPLEY. THERE is evidently a vast deal of misconception in the minds of many people in regard to the office and im-portance of the existing institutions of men. Take, for example, the Sabbath, as instituted by the Lord in Eden. The royal seventh day, placed in the bosom of the royal law amid the thunders of Sinai, com-ing to man bearing the seal of divinity, is beneficent and glorious when legitimately employed in sweet commun-ion with its Author. But note the general ruin that'  followed the institution of the papal Sunday that was foisted upon the world under the iron rule of Rome in A. D. 321. It was never designed by God that any institution should cramp and dwarf and work hardship to mankind When any institution does this we may be sure it is neither of God nor under the sanction of God. The Lord Jesus said, "The Sabbath was made for man," not man for the Sabbath. It was never the purpose of God to sac-rifice any man to an institution; but on the contrary it was his purpose to make all' institutions contribute to man's highest happiness and everlasting good. This noble government of ours was established, evi-dently, under the guidance of God, that the victims of ecclesiastical tyranny might have the rest and peace which they could enjoy only where religious liberty has the safeguard of the supreme law of the nation. Institu-tions were made for man, and not man for institutions. This must be the correct interpretation of the Saviour's words as applied more broadly to all the institutions utilized by man. There is another saying of the Saviour that will, no doubt, apply here, and that is, "By their fruits ye shall know them." The truth is, that the institutions of men are all of them more or less established in error; and when once established, there are thousands ready to sus-tain them as they are rather than with good and honest hearts to amend them the more completely to serve the public good. Institutions should serve mankind;  not enslave them. 