168 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. This is the trne God in the Constitution Šthe freedom of the individual. Now, how are we going to improy,e upon it by putting" God." into this instrument " In-asmuch as ye have done unto the least of these, ye have done it unto me." To the least of men the Constitution has done itŠand that is all. the God that can be put in it, 14 full. of God Łnow, and to put any, one man's God. in it takes out of it the God of all amen.. That states the question about as clearly as need be. The bloody record of religious persecutions and wars is but the history of attempts to put the God of somebody into the constitution of society to the exclusion of the God of everybody. The conception, itself is nar-row, it is born of ignorance, and Ł the at-teinpt is but a form of intolerance. Why? WHY should anything based upon the word 'of God ask for support other than that word ? It cannot. It is only when we realize weakness in ourselves that we look'' elsewhere for support. When the Church asks the civil power to compel people to yield obedience to her ordi-nances, then those ordinances have be-come forms, and forms only, lacking in power to affect the heart, and inspire the life. This is no less true of one ordinance than of another. Shall civil power compel people to be baptized and join the Church ? No,! 'Then, shall it compel people to keep the Sabbath ? If the Church has lost her power to convert the heart, so that it shall yield willing obedience to her Lord; if she must ask civil power to compel ser-vice to her forms; then how sadly yet truly are the words of Paul being fulfilled, "Having a form of godliness but denying the power thereof." MRS. M. J. BAHLER. (Oakland, Cal. TN speaking of the last days of the Ro-man Republic, Tacitus remarks that "laws were not made for the public only; but for particular men,"Š the idea being that the-public-good was not the first thought, but that political advantage took preced-ence, Ł and that those, who had the making of ,the laws would play into the hands of particular men, or classes of men, in order to secure their support : and. that, on the other hand, particular men or classes looked only to their own interests, to, their own advantage, and not to the public good. To any one who has watched the course of legislation in the United, States for the lastŁ few years, it will not be difficult to detect :the.  growth of a condition of things which, is becoming more and more pre-cisely parallel with that to which Tacitus refer. It;is becoming more and more a -serious .fact that in our Legislatures, laws are not de :for the public only, but for particular men. RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. DECLARATION of PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperanCe, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit-ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on religions questions. We believe it is the right and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his Own. con-science. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and honorable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil government; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the in-estimable blessings of both religions and civil liberty. OFFICES. 48 BOND STREET, NEW YORE CITY ; 225 A ST., N. E. WASHINGTON ; 28 COLLEGE PLACE Ix the Senate, April 23 and 24, peti-tions were presented in favor of the Sunday-rest Bill, by Senators Quay of Pennsylvania, Spooner of Wisconsin, Frye of Maine, Reagan of Texas, Ransom of North Carolina, Butler of South Carolina, Dawes of Massachusetts, Harris of Ten-nessee, Blair of New Hampshire, Teller of Colorado, Sherman of Ohio, Pierce of North Dakota, Dixon of Rhode Island, Cockrell of Missouri, Turpie of Indiana, Pasco of Florida, Farwell of Illinois, Evarts of New York, Wilson of Maryland, and Payne of Ohio. In the Record, these petitions are vari-ously characterized, as follows : " A pe-tition of citizens of Pennsylvania; " " A petition of 287 citizens of Wisconsin; " " A petition containing the signatures of 40 citizens of New Mexico; " What purports to be a petition praying for the passage of a' Sunday-rest Bill. It is stated that it was indorsed by 184 people in a mass-meeting of citizens of Dallas, Texas, and indorsed by 190 people in a mass-meeting of citizens of Gainesville, Texas. Somebody signs it, saying that it was indorsed, but it is without the names of the petitioners;" "A petition, of 33 citi-zens of South Carolina;" "A petition of 99 citizens of Massachusetts ; " " The pe-tition of the Superintendent of the Cum-berland Presbyterian Sunday Ł schools at Lebanon, Tennessee, representing 75 citi-zens;" " Petition of Lambert S. Wood, of Missoula,.Ł Montana, representing labor organizations in that State; " " Petition of 75 members of the Second Congrega-tional Church of Denver, Colorado; " " A petition with 1157 representative indorse-ments of, the citizens of Ohio; " " :A peti-tion of 60 members of the Methodist Epis-copal church of Rhode Island :" " Petitions collected by the National Woman's Chris-tian Temperance Union, . . containing 96 signatures from Missouri ;"Ł"A petition' of Ł202 citizens of Indiana, collected by the National: Woman's Christian Temper-ance Union; "A, petition of 234 citizens  of Kansas ; " "A petition of 44 members of the First Baptist church of ,Pensacola, Florida; " " A petition of 376 citizens of Indiana ; " "A petition of over 400.citizens of New York ; " " A petition of 135 mem-bers of the Hampden Presbyterian Church of Baltimore, Maryland; "A petition of citizens of North Dakota;" and "A peti-tion of 550 citizens. of Ohio." The above testimony of the Congres-sional Record for only two days, bears witness to the persistency of those who favor the passage of the religious bills now before Congress, in urging these measures upon the attention of Congress-men. Ł 1 Ł  lox. WILLIAM C. OATES, of Alabama, said, in the House of Representatives, on April 16, while speaking upon the bill " to define and regulate the jurisdiction of the Courts of the United States : "Š There is one alarming feature in the tendency of the times, in the tendency of Congress, and in the tendency of our Federal judiciary, and that, is, towards the centralization of Federal power. Why, Mr. Speaker, let any man look at the num-ber of bills that are brought before Congress at every session, that are properly within the jurisdic-tion which Congress has assumed, And see how utterly impossible it is for Congress, even if it sat from year's end to year's end, to give Consideration to even one third of them, and let him in' all candor say whither we are tending. How are you going to administer the affairs of your Government in its present form, if this tendency to the enlargement of its jurisdiction is to go on ? It behooves every lover of this country to cut down Federal jurisdic-tion instead of enlarging it, if he would preserve and perpetuate our Government and its blessings for the benefit of posterity. And yet it is proposed by Senator Blair, in his Educational Bill, that, in considera-tion of $77,000,000 in hand paid, the States should sufrender their public-school sys-tems to the virtual censorship of the general Government, and constitute the Secretary of the Interior and the' Com-missioner of Education, a governmental educational Bureau for the oversight of school interests of the United States. Then, in the educational amendment to the Constitution, offered by the same Senator, it is expressly indicated what shall be the character of the public schools which each State shall establish, and what shall be taught therein, with a provision that Congress may enforce its require-ments by legislation, when necessary. More than this, in the Sunday-rest Bill, Congress has been asked to take paternal charge of the "Sunday observance" of all persons :under its exclusive jurisdiction, in its mail and military service, in inter-State commerce, on the high seas, and throughout the world: DISTRICT SECRETARY C. MC REYNOLDS, of Kansas, writes a very, encouraging letter from Winfield, in his State. Na- tional Reform and Sabbath Union work-ers have been very active there the past few weeks, but 'their efforts have devel-oped able and intelligent opposition, in some very unexpected quarters. C. ELDRIDGE,  W. H. MCKEO, President.  Secretary. 