  AMERICAN SENTINEL. 71       year; but the sons of the farmers, of the workmen and the whole laboring class of the nation remain three years in the army. The men who get off with the service of one ' year escape the necesssity of serving in the colonial wars; the victims of three years' service furnish all the prey of the murderous expeditions into Africa and the Far East. This fact, alone, shows a revolting inequality in society which pretends to be democratic. But the barracks are a source of evil still more fearful. During three years, far from their parents, unable to engage in any intellectual occupation, with nothing to suggest a single elevated thought, the unhappy young men,from twenty to twenty-three years of age, stagnate in the midst of the greatest physical dirt and in the extremest of moral degradation. They forget there all they learned that would be practical in the exercise of a profession and everything that would develop them into healthy, honest men. They contract the habits of idle-ness, moral inertia and of low debauch. The barracks are the hearthstone of alcoholism and of the shameful diseases which are spread all through the country to the very heart of the rural districts, bastardizing the race and decimating the population. Loose discipline, the fear of initiative and respons-ibilities, the attempt to avoid disciplinary punishments by all sorts of ruses, make the barracks, moreover, the very school of lying, hypocrisy and moral chaos. It is impossible for a human being to come out from such surroundings after a three years' sojourn without having lost all sense of shame and those moral qualities which should give him his value and dignity as a man and his significance as a citizen. The young industrial workman no longer knows his trade; the young farmer, after having loafed so long in the wine shops of garrison towns, no longer desires to return to the soil, and agriculture is abandoned. The sons of the better class, having hastily and slovenly acquired the diplomas which allow them to leave the army sooner, are really ac-quainted thoroughly with no branch of knowledge. The economic equilibrium of the nation is therefore destroyed, and at the same time its moral and intellectual strength is ruined. Do not for a moment think that in these for-lorn conclusions there is any exaggeration; you will find them developed by every writer politician or novelist who has studied the matter: they are also found, if I may speak of it, in "The Army Against the Nation," my book, for which I was prosecuted by the French Govern-ment at the beginning of last year, and honorably acquitted by the jury, as having told only the truth. The political consequences of militarism prove equally terrible, on the other hand,when we consider the charac-ter, the sentiments, of the military chiefs, officers, sub-alterns, superior officers and generals of different rank. . . . Forming, as they do, a compact and solid body, being the absolute chiefs of the one armed force existing in an unarmed nation, they make up a feudality arrogant, violent and ready for every sort of sedition. Rich personally, or through the families with which they are connected, they become the natural instrument and agents of all the forces of reaction and social oppression. They have made the national republican army a tool in the service of capitalistic oppression and papal reaction. In an army which has never been tried on the field professional merits are not and cannot be known; therefore advancement comes from powerful connections, through money, intrigue and guilty services rendered to powerful castes. The high grades are the entire monopoly of a few dynasties or coteries, of their kindred or of their fawning creatures. Carrying arms in the midst of a peaceful, unarmed people, they live as though in a conquered territory, drawing their swords on every occasion, encouraging the violence of intoxicated young soldiers, terrorizing the population in all the little towns, where the democratic element is not numerous enough or sufficiently strong to oppose them. They are a State within a State. They have their peculiar code of justice, and they proclaim "that it does not resemble the other code." . . . They have their special laws, their private prisons, where tortures un-known even among the redskins are inflicted on unhappy youths guilty of the merest peccadillo. They represent savagery in the bosom of civilization. Their judges condemn by order of chiefs, absolve by order of their chiefs, declare innocent a rascal protégé like Esterhazy, and ruin forever guiltles Dreyfus; or rather, and above all, their activity is directed toward defying the civil power, strengthening their contempt for civil law, of the government of the nation. They have a special honor among them, also, which they call "the honor of the army," or "military honor," and which they insolently parade before the eyes of the disgusted world. I do not pretend to rehearse here the history of the Dreyfus affair, as well known in the United States as in France. But I insist upon this pointŠnamely, that it presents a résumé; a synthesis, of defects which, hitherto known only by a restricted public, are now thrown out in strong light for the edification of the whole world. There were forgeries and perjury, false testimony, lying, rascality, assassination and every variety of crime continually and openly furnished by the Major Staff, by twenty generals and a hundred officers of various grades. What is worse still, there was the sight of the whole army backing these rascals, knowing them to be rascals, in order to establish firmly the prin-ciple that a criminal clothed in a uniform is out of the reach of national justice, superior to the nation that pays him. The entire body of 22,000 officers, among whom there are very probably 20,000 honest individuals, took sides for the crime and the criminals against civil justice, against the nation. Just as these officers have their peculiar justice, their special honor, so they have their peculiar kind of con-science, which allows them to be guilty of extortion, theft, 