THE AMEIUCAN SENTINEL. 357 majority of the people. Linden Muller's case, 33 Barb., 548 (1861). The same ground is taken in a case under the statute of Pennsylvania. Eyre's case, S. & R. 347, (1815), in which it is said : " Sabbath-breaking is the violation of a divine as well as a human law." In a still later case iA Pennsylvania we find the following : " The learned council for the plaintiff has entered largely into the question of the origin and sanction of the Christian Sabbath. It may not be essen-tial, but it is far from being irrelevant, to the decision of the present case, to sustain the divine authority of its institution," the day has been " set apart by divine command and human legislation as a day of rest," and " we have no right to give up this institution. It has come down to us with the most solemn sanctions both of man and God, and if we do not appreciate it as we ought, we are at least bound to preserve it." Johnston's case, 22 Pa., 102 (1853). The foregoing statements concerning the divine origin and authority of Sunday observance are incorrect whether consid-ered in the light of the Bible or of his- tory; nevertheless they constitute a part of the Sunday law of Pennsylvania as created by judicial decisions. Arkan-sas strikes the same strain, and informs her citizens who play cards on Sunday that the day " is set apart by divine ap-pointment, as well as by the law of the land, for other and better engagements." Stockden's case, 18 Ark., 186 (1856). Iowa is not far behind Arkansas, for in the case of Davis vs. Fish 1 Green, 406, (1848), her court declares that Sunday ob- servance has been " established by laws both human and divine, for public wor- ship and private devotionŠa time honored and heaven-appointed institution." Mary- land is not less distinct in her testimony; her courts declare that " the Sabbath is emphatically the day of rest, and the day of rest here is the Lord's day or Christian Sunday. Ours is a Christian community, and the day set .apart as a day of rest is the day consecrated by the resurrection of our Saviour, and embraces the twenty-four hours next ensuing the midnight of Saturday." Kilgour vs. Mills, 6 G. & J. 268 (1834). Georgia has taken the most ultra ground in the following words :Š The law fixes the day recognized as the Sabbath day all over Christendom, and that day by divine injunction is to be kept holy, on it thou shalt do no work. The Christian Sabbath is a civil institution older than our Government, and respected as a day of rest by our Constitution, and the regulation of its Observance as a civil institution has always been considered to be, and is, within the power of the Legislature, as much as any regulations and laws having for their object the preservation of good morals, and the peace and good order of society. Karwisch's case, 44 Ga., 204 (1871). In another decision under the statutes of Georgia it is declared still more at length thatŠ Independently of the moral obligation, resting upon all men, to obey the law of the Lord, and to observe by abstaining from all secular business on the day set apart for his worship, throughout Christendom, the rest of one day in seven from all physical and mental labor is a great conservative, refreshing, invigorating means, designed by Al-mighty wisdom for the preservation of health and the re-creation of our mental and bodily faculties. But neither the law of God nor the law of man forbids us to do good on the Sabbath day. The Saviour rebuked the Pharisees who questioned his divinity, because he healed the impotent man on the Sabbath and bade him take up his bed and walk; and he who spake as never man spake said that the Sabbath was made for man, not man for the Sabbath, and that it was lawful to do good on the Sabbath day, and his own pure and perfect  life illustrates his teaching by deeds of constant kindness and beneficence on the Sabbath day. When the statute of Georgia, therefore, excepts works of benevolence and charity from the opera-tion of this penal statute, it but re-enacts the law of the Almighty as announced by the Saviour and beautified by his example. Salter vs. Smith, 55 Ga., 244 (1875). In the presence of such decisions it is useless for men to assert that the laws do not deal with Sunday as a sacred day and on religious grounds. Men would not make such assertions were they not anxious to avoid the opposition and the odium which this age attaches to religious legislation. Let it not be forgotten that the decisions quoted above openly state what the friends of Sunday really seek, namely, that Sun-day shall be upheld and guarded as a sacred day, a religious institution, by civil law. There are those who say this openly, and make the issue fairly and without equivocation. We do not believe in such legislation, but we respect those who do and have the honesty to say so; on the contrary, those who "juggle with words," declaring for the "civil Sabbath" only, forfeit their claims to straightforwardness and honest purposes. As is shown else-where, the late action of Congress con-cerning the Sunday closing of the Fair was based on the demands of religion, and the wish of religious people. If that action continues in force it will do much to fortify the doctrine that the Nation may interfere in religious matters when-ever religious people urge their views in sufficient numbers and with sufficient vehemence. Let this policy be settled, and in spite of our national Constitution all forms of religious practice will be proper subjects for national law and con-gressional interference. The friends of Sunday closing of the Fair have un-sheathed a double-edged sword, which may yet find the heart of religious liberty in the United States.ŠSabbath Outlook. Strikingly Similar. AN extract from church history in the days of Constantine's rise, placed beside an item of political news of to-day, pre-sents a scene strikingly similar. Eusebius says of the bishops in Con-stantine's day, that it was their ambition " to assert the government as a kind of sovereignty for themselves." Nor was it alone government in Ł the churches they were so anxious to wield, but government in the State, which they expected to use in the interest of the church when once obtained. For " there had in fact," he says, " arisen in the church . . . a false theocratical theory, originating not in the essence of the gospel, but in the confusion of the religious constitutions of the Old and New Testaments."ŠNeander. These bishops, it will be seen, were anxiously laboring to obtain an influence in political circles, which thing they did, and which in itself proved the union of a fallen church with the State. In the daily Cincinnati Post, of Septem- ber 1, under the heading " Republicans Thoroughly Organizing in West Vir- ginia," the following appears :Š In this (Cabell) and in Lincoln County they [Re-publicans] have fused with the People's Party, and the opposition confesses that there is no walk-over in November, as it stands now. Hon. John K. Thompson, one of the shrewdest politicians in the State, is in charge of the work, and it is in this re-gion where most of the battle for supremacy will be fought. Rev. Charles Caldwell, the preacher-lawyer- politician, of Parkersburg, the Republican candidate for Congress, is a splendid stumper, and he is making a great canvass. Certainly the tide of political religion is rising when " shrewd politicians " see that the popular sentiment is calling for professedly religious men as candidates. And why not ? If congressmen, to become popular, must put on some religious garb, should we not expect religious profession be made an evidence of the fitness of candidates for office ? " Shrewd politi-cians," and even ministers, have not been slow in catching this idea. Congressmen are longing to remain in politics, and the ministers are longing to get into politics, and both are striving to achieve their de-sires through religio-political measures which are nothing more nor less than a "union of Church and State." How smoothly, subtly, blended is the title given Mr. Caldwell, " Preacher-lawyer-politician" ! Already it is a " condition and not a theory which confronts us," and this hyphenated title marks the co-alition even now attained. These things are not happening by chance, and who can not see in the two bits of history a " striking similarity " ? T. E. BOWEN. Christian Patriotism not Religious Politics. THE presidential campaign is past. A political revolution has taken place. It is proper to ask whether this bodes any-thing, one way or the other, to the cause of religious liberty. The decisive answer to that question is to be found in proph-ecy. That which is to be, is to be. The fluctuation of party politics can have no appreciable effect upon the conclusion of the whole matter. But, irrespective of the eventual and certain result, or the channel by which the comprehension of what it is that is to be is reached, it is clear to all intelligent and faithful preach-ers, teachers, and believers of the gospel of Christ that religious issues are not the issues upon which to organize political campaigns. The planks of the universal platform of natural right, and religious truth, can not be filched by any political platform. The sawing, and hewing, and matching which they must of necessity undergo that they may be accommodated to the requirements of human imperfection will inevitably destroy in them all like-ness to those portions of the divine moral law from which it may be claimed that they have been taken. No political party has a mortgage on the universal platform of natural right, or upon any part of it. No authorship or ownership of any of the principles of civil liberty, or any inalien-able right, can be attributed to, or claimed by, any political party. These principles do not by right depend in the least degree upon the supremacy of any party to es-tablish them in vogue. They exist inde-pendently of all parties. To them all parties owe equal allegiance. All men of all parties are equally subject to these principles irrespective of their party affil-iations, or their personal views as to the management of civil affairs. The course of all conscientious men, as citizens, is governed by the universal principles of civil right. They are, in consequence, necessarily independent of party politics. They can not be depended upon by poli-ticians for assistance in any selfish meas-ures. They can only be depended upon to protest against all encroachments upon civil right and civil freedom in religious matters, wherever they appear, and to 