200 A_AIIMEtICAN S   IH,INT°171 NMILA. VoL. 10, No. 25. NEW YORK, JUNE 20, 1895. 12W' ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears t hat they will be asked to pay for it. IT is indignantly denied by Private Secre-tary Thuber that President Cleveland fished on Sunday. 'ON another page we give the particulars of the threatened arrest of some Seventh-day Adventists in Manitoba for Sunday farm work. A letter just received from Darrell, Ont., tells of the arrest of Mr. Robert Watt, a Seventh-day Adventist, for hauling rails on Sunday. The justice reserved his decision until the 24th inst. IN our issue of May 30, we published a courageous, consistent editorial from the San Juan Times, of Farmington, New Mexico, condemnatory of the persecution of Seventh-day Adventists in Tennessee. However, through mistake, we gave the address of our esteemed contemporary as Farmington, New Hampshire, instead . of Farmington, New Mekico. THE article on page 197 , from the Inde-pendent, is worthy of more than passing notice and ought to be read by everybody. The un-derlying principle asserted-  by our contempo-rary is one which the AMERICAN SENTINEL was established to maintain, and it has never shunned to declare the truth now so clearly stated by the Independent, namely, that " an unrighteous law can never be submitted to." That the Sheats law is unrighteous no believer in the divine origin of the gospel commission and in the Fatherhood of God and the Brotherhood of man can for a moment doubt; but it is no more violative of inalien-able right nor of conscience than arc the Sun-day laws of Florida and numerous other States, . about which the Independent says little or nothing. THE case of Mr. Faust, arrested in Balti-more on the 10th inst. for doing cobbling on Sunday, is an excellent illustration of how Sunday laws do not leave men free to observe the seventh day if they want to do so. As related on page 195, Mr. Faust has hard work to support his family at best. Indeed, very few working men could afford to be idle two days each week; so, even if seventh-day observers could conscientiously keep two days, stern necessity forbids it; and the law demands in effect that they shall either suffer or violate conscience by working on the seventh day. This is, in some respects, the worst outrage yet perpetrated upon Seventh-day Adventists under the iniquitous working of medieval Sun-day statutes. " How long, 0 Lord, holy and true, dost thou not judge and avenge " the wrongs of thy suffering people? APROPOS of our first-page article of a week ago, is the fact that for years the able and learned Judge Yellott, of Baltimore County, Md., per-sistently ignored an oft-repeated decision of the Court of Appeals of that State. The constitution of Maryland provides " that in all criminal prosecutions every man bath a right - . . . to a speedy trial by an impar-tial jury." But some years since the legisla-ture passed an act providing that in cases of vagrancy the accused might be committed to the workhouse, by a magistrate, for one year or less, without trial by jury. A man thus committed was brought before Judge Yellott on writ of habeas corpus, and he was promptly discharged, on the ground that the act under which he had been committed was unconstitu-tional. The case was appealed by the County, and the Court of Appeals (the Supreme Court of Maryland) sustained the statute on the ground that the constitution of Maryland must be interpreted in harmony with the practice under the unwritten constitution of England, in which-country the guarantee of trial by jury is not held to extend to such cases. Reenforced by this decision, the magistrates of Maryland continued to commit to the work-house, without jury trial, such vagrants as were brought before them; and Judge Yellott as promptly discharged every man thus de-prived of his liberty who was brought before him on writ of habeas corpus ; and this, not-withstanding the fact that case after case was taken to the Court of Appeals, and. always with the same result, namely, that the "law " was sustained. But the venerable Judge Yellott treated it as void until his retirement from the Bench on account of the infirmities of old age. And we say all honor to such a judge. THE Sunday law of Kentucky was, on the 9th inst., declared unconstitutional by two judges in Louisville, namely, Judge William L. Jackson, of the Circuit Court, and Judge Charles G. Richie, of the County Court. The judges heard the cases together, but filed sep-arate opinions; both, however, reached the same conclusion, though by somewhat different lines of reasoning. The case at bar arose under Section 1303 of the Code of the State, which prohibits Sunday liquor-selling, under penalty of a fine of from $10 to $50 for each offense; but by agreement the case was so briefed as to include also Section 1321, which forbids secular labor or business on Sunday, " except ordinary household of-fices, or other works of necessity or charity, and work required in the maintenance or op-eration of a ferry, skiff, or steamboat, or steam or street railway," or by "persons who are members of a religious society who observe as a Sabbath any other day of the week than Sunday." The penalty for violation of this section is a fine of from $2 to $50 for each offense. Judge Jackson held the law to be unconsti-tutional, because violative of Section 59 of the constitution of 1890, which provides that  " in all cases where a general law can be made applicable, no special law shall be passed." The view taken by the judge is that while a general Sunday law would be constitutional, under said Section 59 of the constitution, any special law prohibiting any particular business on Sunday or imposing heavier penalties for selling one commodity than for selling another, is unconstitutional and void. Judge Richie goes a step further and holds that the exceptions under Section 1321, espe-cially that exempting from the penalty of the law " members of a religious society who ob-serve as a Sabbath any other day in the week," mark the law as religious; and as such he holds it to be violative of Section 5 of the Bill of Rights, which provides " that no human au-thority ought in any case whatever to control or interfere with the rights of conscience; and that no preference shall ever be given by law, to any religious societies or modes of wor-ship." Judge Richie holds, however, that a general Sunday law without exemptions would be within the constitutional powers of the legis-lature. If this view shall be sustained by the Court of Appeals, it is easy to foresee the re-sult; one of two things must happen, either Kentucky will join the ranks of the very few States without Sunday laws, or, like Tennes-see, Georgia, Maryland and some other States, it will have a Sunday law without exemption, and Seventh-day Adventists there will have opportunity to witness for their faith in prisons and chain-gangs. We will print ,the decisions in full next week.-  AN interesting case has arisen in Florida involving the right of Spiritualist mediums to hold seances without taking out license as traveling showmen, sleight-of-hand perform-ers, etc. The facts are, briefly, that one, W. A. Sheldon,. a Spiritualistic medium, was ar-rested for unlawfully carrying on the business of a traveling showman, and has been bound over to answer to the County Court. Mr. Sheldon claims that his meetings are religious in character; that they are so designed and so conducted; that he makes no charge, but merely takes up a collection the same -as is done in other meetings. He has appealed to Spiritualists everywhere to aid him financially in carrying the case to the Supreme Court of the United States, if necessary. We get these facts from the Progressive Thinker, .Chicago. We have no sympathy with Spirituaism; be-lieving it to be evil and only evil continually; but it is a religion, and those who choose to do so have the same right to believe it and to practice its ceremonies as we have to our reli-gious belief and practice. If the facts are just as stated, Mr. Sheldon certainly has a good case and ought to win. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street; New York City. 