AMERICAN SENTINEL. 517 .world, but I have chosen you out of the world." John 15:18. And again in prayer to the Father, concerning his people, "They are not of the world, even as I am not of the world." Chap. 17:14. Therefore, if his kingdom is not of this world, and his subjects are also not of this world, but hold their citizenship in heaven, they have no proper citizenship in thisworld, although that right may still be recognized by their fellowmen. Paul said, concerning the kingdom of God, "The weapons of our warfare are not carnal." 2 Cor. 10:4. All agencies and implements of destruction used in war, and all methods of coercion employed in civil life are carnal methods, absolutely disallowed in the kingdom of Christ. Jesus said of his pe3ple, "The devil shall cast some of you into prison." Rev. 2:10. But he gives no commission to his ambassadors (ministers of the gospel) or any of his subjects to imprison the devil or any of his followers; much less to act as the devil does toward their fellow-religionists or anybody else. State Religion. BY M. E. KELLOGG. A DISTINGUISHED Catholic theologian, in an article upon the subject of labor and religion, written for Amer-ican workingmen and published in the Catholic Mirror of July 21, says:Š " As the State (any State) has no religion and can have none, and yet it is dependent upon it for its own very life, it should foster and encourage the private en-terprises that teach it, and which try to enforce it upon the individual character to reach the body politic." In regard to the above statement, it may be said, first, that if by "religion.' Christianity is meant, and that therefore the continuance of a State is dependent upon its promotion of the Christian religion, the argu-ment will not hold. simply because it is not true. The Roman State, firmly united to Christianity, as the author above quoted conceived it, fell; while the Chinese State, which antedated the Roman State by several centuries, has survived it by centuries. Many other States which have fostered and protected "Christianity" have fallen and perished. It may be greatly doubted if the Christi-anity that will allow itself to be fostered and protected by a State is of as much value as a preservative as are some other religions. To day the world wonders at the vitality of the Otto-man Empire, which persists in living in spite of the con-cert of European doctors which have again and again assembled for its post-mortem. Lately it has shown so much vigor that the Christian press refer to it dolefully as the "rehabilitation of Turkey." No one who has studied the subject doubts that the chief reason of this reserve vitality and life of the Turkish State is religion; but it is the religion of Mohammed. So we repeat, if the writer above quoted means Christianity by the word religion, his logic is extremely faulty. But there is another point suggested by his state-ment: Can a State have religion? As regards this, it is certain that it cannot have religion like a person. Cir- , cumcision is one of the requirements of Mohammedanism and baptism one of the requirements of Christianity, but the Ottoman State cannot be circumcised, neither can the German State be baptized. In fact, none of the indi-vidual acts required of a believer in any religion can be. performed by a State. Hence, a State cannot have or practice religion as individuals do. But we are accustomed to speak of "State religion," and States do have religion in a certain way. They throw the mantle of their favor and protection over and around one religion. When the Ottoman Empire thus. favors Mohammedanism, it makeS it the religion of the Ottoman Empire or State, and when any State whose. people profess the Christian religion, by its laws or in any way, do the same thing for "Christianity," fostering and encouraging it, then that State has religion, the "Christian religion," in. the 'only way that a State can have religion. There may of course be degrees in the closeness of the connection of a religion and a State. It may be tacitly understood and adhered to, or there may be a distinct pronouncement of the same. Furthermore, a tacit agreement, relying on ancient and well-established prece-dents, may be more active and stronger than an absolute pronouncement, which the people have outgrown, and which, for this reason, is not lived up to. In other words, the thing itself is of more account than the name of it. Viewed in this light, more States have religion than we. have imagined. A Chief Magistrate Invites Anarchy. THE tendency of the times to "take the law into one's own hands"Šwhich means to set passion in the seat of justiceŠwas illustrated in a marked manner recently in West Virginia. The matter has elicited general news-paper comment, as well it might. The facts and their significance are well set forth in the following from the New York World:Š " W S. Kimes shot Ben Hall three times for 'alienat-ing the affections' of his (Kimes') wife. On trial Kimes received the purely nominal sentence of twenty-four hours' confinement in jail and a fine of $100. "Governor Atkinsen has now remitted even this triv-ial sentence, and in doing so he has preached an extraor-dinary and dangerous doctrine from the chair of a State's chief executive. ' My only regret,' he says, 'is that Kimes did not kill Hall. He ought to have done so.' Every man who has a soul in his body will agree with me that he ought to have killed him.' . . . 'Kimes did what every man should have done under the circumstances, except that he should have practiced with a revolver or double-barreled shotgun, so that when he made the at-tempt he would have brought Hall down,' "That is to say, Governor Atkinson has issued a proc-lamation setting aside the laws of his State against mur- 