746 AMERICAN SENTINEL. under the orders of their superiors they have been en-gaged in this nefarious business for a considerable period of time, inducing persons to commit crime in order to convict them of it. You have the testimony of the first officer that when he entered these premises he deliberately said what was not true, that he came there from some person named Jack, a friend of his, and that is a circum-stance that you have a right to consider in determining the credibility of a witness. I believe most firmly that a man who lies in the ordinary course of his duties will lie with his hand on the Bible." THE propriety of the agitation made by the SENTINEL'  for the separation of religion and the state is shown by many incidents in the volume of current events. One of these is mentioned by the Washington (D. C.) Post of the 18th inst., thus:Š "Joseph Bradfield filed a petition in the District Su-preme Court yesterday praying for an order to restrain Ellis H. Roberts, treasurer of the United States, from paying to the directors of Providence Hospital [a secta-rian institution] any money out of the treasury belong-ing to the United States or to the District of Columbia, upon and by virtue of an agreement or contract entered into between the surgeon general of the United States army and the directors of Providence Hospital, or on account of an agreement made with the directors by the District of Columbia." The impropriety of, appropriating public funds for sectarian uses generally has to be argued in the qourts before it is admitted by the parties seeking the appro-priation. Sunday-Law Agitation in Connecticut. IT appears that the church people of Connecticut, and the Congregatidnalists in particular, are not satisfied with the present Sunday law of that State, and want a new and more stringent one enacted. This became one of the chief topics of discussion at the late Congregation-alist Conference at Bridgeport, and steps were taken to secure a concession to this end from the legislature. The Danbury News, of November 24, gives the following re-port of the procedurSof the conference upon this point:Š "The legislative committee threw aside the draft of a law submitted by Rev. Mr. Hall, Lawyer G. H. Newton, of New Haven, and other gentlemen of a committee ap-pointed by the Congregational Conference at Winsted in the fall of 1896, and sul istituted a law which only slightly amended the old Sunday law, making it less restrictive in its prohibition, but increasing the penalties. "During the conference proceedings, Tuesday after-noon, Lawyer Newton, a delegate from New Haven, se-cured the floor, and spoke on the subject of Sunday laws in general. He advocated the cessation of all work on the Sabbath which was not absolutely necessary fo'r the health, comfort, and reasonable enjoyment of the day. The day ought not to be so observed that it would keep people from the churches. The law had been so changed by the influence of the church that the saloons in nearly  if not all towns were practically closed ou the Sabbath, and he thought the church had done a good work to bring this about. He held that if it is necessary to keep the markets open for the Sunday meals because the peo-ple cannot afford to maintain refrigerators, then let these be open at a time that will not in any manner interfere with the church. He could not see why certain work had to be done on Sunday, or, at least, was done, that could be done on any other day. "He advocated the appointment of a committee of five to frame a Sunday law to present to the next general assembly that would be so clear and concise and so sat-isfactory to the masses of church-going people and law-abiding citizens, that it will be readily passed and rigidly enforced. He believed in calling to their assistance in this respect the Catholics and Hebrews, and, in fact, all organizations outside of the church, as he believed the honorable people outside the church desired a practical Sunday law that would be observed and one that would be a credit to this commonwealth. , "Some discussion followed in which several speakers were in favor of leaving the Sunday law as it is at present. A vote was taken and the resolution for the appointment of a committee to frame a new Sunday law was adopted." Enforcing God's Lawg. BY M. E. KELLOGG. THE late Henry George, who died in the midst of his campaign for the mayoralty of Greater New York, was a philanthropist and a philosopher, and now that he is dead a most generous meed of praise is being be-stowed upon him both by those who were with him in the political contest and those who wereagainst him. In one of his speeches, delivered the last day of his life, he made the following statement which deserves to be per-petuated among the recorded sayings of the wisest men of the world:Š "I believe that God, the Father, can take care of his own laws; there is no need for us to gain trouble trying to meddle with God's lawsŠto enforce them." If this suggestion were carried out, the Sunday laws which now disgrace the statute books of nearly all the States of the United States would be eliminated, and the persecution which they are sometimes made to authorize would be unknown. The whole conception of all Sunday laws starts in the thought that God requires Sunday rest in honor of himself. He requires nothing of the kind; and if he did, he would not have hiS laws which relate to his worship enforced by corrupt governments of earth. Can earthly governments say to any man "Thou shalt have no other god but God?" Can they search the hearts of men for hatred, lust, envy, and pride and pre-scribe the penalty? How, then, can they tell' whether a man keeps the Sabbath or not? Idleness is not Sabbath-keeping; but to command idleness is all that the law can do toward commanding Sabbath-keeping! How can such laws be pleasing to God or beneficial to men? 