Tang man boor my words; and believe not ljudge him not=-Jesus Christ. VOLUME 15. CHICAGO, JUNE 28, 1900. NUMBER 25. THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. (Continuing American Sentinel) Published weekly at 324 Dearborn Street, Chicago, Illinois, BY TAE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. Entered at the Chicago Post Office as Second-Class Matter. Subscription price, $1.00 L. A. SMITH, C. P. 1301.1...M.A.N,f Editors. Just in proportion as churches have lost the power of God they have sought the power of the state. No civil government has any rightful jurisdiction over anything pertaining to a future state of existence. .4 .4 Self-control and love of justice are essential to "gOvernment of the people by the people." To lose these is to lose liberty. No live, spiritual church of Christ ever used or de-sired to use the civil law to enforce religious dogmas or promote morality. .4 .4 The state is not competent to decide what is morally right or morally wrong. It cannot do this without in-fringing the rights of conscience. The teachings of Luther were held by the chief civil authorities of his day to be highly immoral. His books were burned and he narrowly escaped the same fate. In some coun-tries even to-day it is held to be highly immoral and even blasphemous to speak against the Virgin Mary. There is no certain standard by which the state can decide such questions. To undertake such a decision on the basis of the divine law is only to decide by some human interpretation of that law. Popular government can be long maintained only by a people devoted to the principles of liberty. All men are equally God's servants, hence no man has any right to dictate to his fellow man in any matter pertaining to God, for of each one it is said by the Lord himself : "To his own Master he standeth or falleth." Rome Defies the Government in the Philippines. The Philippines have been taken from Spain, but they are still held by Rome, and that power has no intention of having her grasp upon the islands loos-ened in any degree. If the islands are to be held by the United States, they must, Rome is determined, be held subject to the claims of the papacy and to the institutions she has planted there to hold the people under her dominion. The United States must come in either like Spain, as a partner with the papacy, or as an inferior power, subject to the papal authority. This purpose on the part of Rome is now, according to the Manila Times, being openly manifested by the papal partisans in that city. According to the Times of April 9 last, leaflets have been scattered broadcast in the churches of Manila, containing quotations from the pope, setting forth that the orders of the American government through its representatives there count for nothing as against the authority of the church. The leaflet quotes Archbishop Chapelle, who was sent to Manila by the administration to settle affairs there in harmony with the American policy, as saying re-peatedly that "the church will and must do exactly what it wishes, without tolerating the slightest inter-ference on the part of the government." Other declarations made in this papal circular are as follows : "The commands of the church must be obeyed in the same manner as the law of God. 