372 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. morals and religion ?" 7. " What should be the ground and character of the instruction in morals in our public schools ?" 8. " What should this Con-ference do to carry out its views upon this sub-ject ?" William Allen Butler struck the key-note in sympathy with the feeling which was apparently held by the majority of those present when he said :Š We find that while there is in this State an abso-lute divorce of Church and State and a controlling mandate against interference by the State with the freedom of religious opinion and worship, there is not and never has been, any divorce between Christianity and the State, or between the State government in its administration and the Christian religion as revealed in the Scriptures. On the contrary, it was settled long ago, and cannot now be disputed, that Christianity is a part of the common law of. this State. as it was a part of the common law of England, at the time when New York ceased to be a Colony of Great Britain and became a sovereign State. It was Mr. Butler's conclusion that the laws of the State would uphold the Depart-ment of Public Instruction in requiring re-ligious instruction in the public schools to a specified extent. This address was ex-tremely well received by the Conference and voted to be published and given a wide distribution. The address, however, did not meet the views of all. One dele-gate took exceptions to it in an able speech during which he very properly character-ized the argument drawn from Black-stone's declaration that " Christianity is part of the law of the land," as arrant nonsense in fact, however strong it might be in legal precedent. Rev. W. H. Ward, editor of the Independent, also shocked the general sense of the meeting by say-ing :Š We may consider it as settled that religion is not to be taught in the public schools. The American people will not trust the State to teach religion. Ł Although these unexpected differences of opinion threw something of a damper upon the enthusiasm of the meeting, still the business committee reported favorably a series of resolutions, which were adopted, in which it was declared that the State and religion were inseparable, and that the practical truths of religion should be in-culcated in the public school system. A committee of from one to three from each Protestant denomination in the State was appointed to carry on the work, and fur-ther the interests of " moral instruction in the public schools." W. H. M. Deference to Public Opinion. THE Christian will do his duty regard-less of public opinion. Though not in-different to the good opinions of his fellow-men, and carefully avoiding all appear-ances even of wrong, yet he will never allow the views of his fellows to become a motive for action or non-action. Public opinion must not become conscience. Whatever the Word of God, and our con-science in obedience to the Word of God and the exigencies of the time demand, that must be done whether the world look  sweet or ,sour. Every one is individually responsible to his God, he is not account-able to public opinion. Nearly everything good and great which has benefited the race, has been done, at the time in direct violation and contradiction of men's pre-conceived notions and opinions.-- The Vin-dicator. Memorials of 1829-30. No. 2. SUNDAY LEGISLATION AN ANTI-REPUBLICAN UNION OF CHURCH AND STATE. To the Honorable, the Senate and House of Repre-sentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled : The undersigned, memorialists of the town of Newark, county of Essex, and State of New Jersey, being apprized of the numerous petitions presented to your honorable body, praying a repeal of the present laws for the transportation of the mails and the opening of the post-offices on the first day of the week, beg leave (in accordance with their sense of duty) humbly to memorialize your honorable body, and pray that no such repeal be made, nor any law be enacted interfering with the Post-office Department, so as to prevent the free passage of the mail on all days of the week, or to exclude any individual from the right to receive his papers on the first, as well as on the seventh day. Notwithstanding, your memorialists have the fullest confidence in the wisdom and integrity of our national Legislature, they are induced to me morialize your honorable body at this time, from a fear lest the reiterated efforts of bigotry and fanati-cism should finally prevail on your honorable body to legislate upon a subject which your memorialists consider is, by the Constitution of these States and the laws of nature, left free; and which, for the welfare of mankind, should be maintained so. Nor can they at this time refrain from expressing their astonishment at, and their disapprobation of, the reiterated and untiring efforts of a part of the com-munity, who, through misguided zeal or ecclesias-tical ambition, essay to coerce your honorable body into a direct violation of the principles of the Con-stitution, by the enactment of laws, the object of which would be to sustain their peculiar tenets or religious creeds, to the exclusion of others; thereby uniting ecclesiastical and civil law, and leading ultimately to the abhorrent and anti-republican union of Church and State. Your memorialists would not presume to remon-strate, were it not that their opponents (after a most signal defeat in last Congress) have renewed their petitions with a vigor increased by disappoint-ment, and a spirit as perseveringly determined as their premises are illiberal and unwarrantable. Your memorialists approve of morality, reverence religion, and grant to all men equal rights, and are governed by the principles of our Constitution and the laws of our land; but we deprecate intolerance, abhor despotism, and are totally opposed to all attempts of the religions of any sect to control our consciences. Nor can your memorialists perceive wherein their opponents are deprived of their liberty of conscience by the uninterrupted course of the mails, for if it be right for them to travel on the first day of the week, it cannot be wrong for the mails ; if it be consistent for them to do their business on the first day of the week, it cannot be inconsistent for the mails to be made up and opened, and papers deliv-ered, on the same day; if the traveling they do, and the labors they perform, are matters of necessity, and therefore admissible, your memorialists humbly suggest whether the interests of a vast majority of the citizens of the United States, conveyed by mails, are not matters of as great necessity ? Your memorialists, in accordance with these views, beg leave to protest against any interference with the transportation of the mails, or the distri-bUtion of letters at the post-offices, on the first day  of the week. And your memorialists, as in duty bound, will ever pray, etc. January 8, 1830.* It will be seen from the foregoing that the reasons for the opposition of these pe-titioners to Sunday legislation was not on account of any opposition to the Christian religion, but like Madison's memorial in Virginia in 1775, these memorials were prompted by reverence for, and interest in that religion. There is no doubt what-ever that the religious denominations are in a much better condition morally in the United States, unaided by Government, than they would have been had they all these years received assistance from the civil power. W. A. BLAKELY. The Source of Government. PUBLIC sentiment is a greater force, sometimes, than law; it compels more per-, - fect obedience. In actual fact, there are people who would and do break laws to which the public are indifferent, who are most careful to respect public sentiment. The question may be asked, What is pub-lic sentiment ? It is public intelligence. As the honest old Greek declared centu-ries ago, the character of a city is shown by the men elected to control its affairs; or, as a recent political economist puts it, " You complain of the character of the men in your State Legislature; they rep-resent the average character of the people who placed them in power." So it is true that the standards of any community ex-press the average chaiacter of that com-munity. There may be a few whose stand-ards are higher than the public standard represents, as there are sure to be some below the standards expressed; but the social, educational, sanitary conditions of every community are up to the standard that the greatest number in that commu-nity desireŠno better, no worse.--Christian Union. Should Be Taxed. A CHICAGO paper has the following rela-tive to untaxed church property in that city : There is a vast amount of untaxed prop-erty in Chicago controlled by religious denominations. Although there are fewer Catholics than Protestants in the city, the former own 1,108 lots to the latter's 866. The average sites of the Catholic churches are larger than those of the other denomina-tions. Fifteen lots are occupied by the Catholic Church of the Nativity. St. Col-umbkill Sisters of Char 'y have sixty-eight lots; the Jesuit Church of the Holy Family eighty lots. Nearly one-third of all the Catholic land in the city is the property of the archbishop. Of this, much is unimproved; some of the land is occu-pied by tenants from whom a revenue is received. A very moderate estimate of the value of all the lots in the city held by * Published by authority of Congress in 1884. 