506 AMERICAN SENTINEL_ News, Notes, and Comment. AGAIN a correspondent calls upon me to "explain" myself. This it is to write over a signature. I have sometimes lamented the absence of personal responsibil-ity in American journalismŠhave wished that our papers would have the name of each editorial contributor printed at the end of his article. But I see now that anonymity is not without its advantages, at any rate, for the writer. If he overstates or understates or blunders in any way, the "Messrs. Editors" are promptly called to account, and, save as it may affect his chances of pro-motion on the "staff," the individual escapes. * * YET the use of a signature undoubtedly tends to make the writer careful and painstaking about what he writes. One is more fearful of saying the wrong thing, and of saying the right thing in a wrong way, than when he is sheltered under the aegis of the collective "we." And I believe that the influence of the signed paper is vastly greater than that of the unsigned. The reader may not know his man. But it is something for him to be re-minded through the name affixed that he is addressed by a being like unto himself, and not by a mere abstraction, or "composite body." * Bum to my correspondent. He wants to know why I take it upon myself to saythat a lawyer cannot dispute the decision of a court as to what is the law, while such privilege is open to an ordinary layman, and he observes that this was not the view adopted by Mr. Lincoln. The answer cannot properly or profitably be given in a single paragraph. * EVERYBODY knows that, inprderformen to get along together in a high state of civilization, certain fictions are necessarily assumed to be true. Some of these are social. Others are legal. Legal fictions may be compared, in the operations of the body politic, to the square root of minus a in the operations of algebra and of the higher mathe-matics. There is admittedly no such thing as the square root of minus a; the very definitions, the basic assump-tions of algebraic science expressly repudiate it, and render its existence impossible. Yet we have a symbol for this non-existent thing, and we assume, therefore, that it does exist. We carry out long and complicated calculations in which it frequently appears, and is dealt with just as we deal with the square root of plus a. The result thereof is materially affected by its presence, and the processes in which it plays a part. These results are practical and real, and by means of them we may build a railroad, a locomotive or a steamboat. IT is so in jurisprudence. On that broad, and some- times dangerous, yet often salutary consideration known as "public policy" is based the acceptance of certain gen-eral rules which are the expression of that which is not. But working under these rules, the affairs of human life are administered, if not in consonance with exact jus-tice, yet so as to preserve the public order, and keep the popular mind in a reasonable state of content. More than this it is vain to expect of any machinery that is the work of mortal hands. * ONE of the most important of all legal fictions is that every person knows the law. This applies to civil as well as criminal jurisprudence. If I commit a trespass, igno-rantly, on another's land, the owner is entitled to dam-ages, though they may be merely nominal. If I do in a strange country what is therein forbidden it is no excuse for me that the same act was not only tolerated but commended in my own land, and that I had no reason to suspect that the rule was otherwise abroad. So far, the assumption that every person knows the law is applied °with absolute strictness. Bum, now, as a matter of fact, nobody knows the law. This is, among other reasons, because the law is human, and therefore its language needs an expounder. The merchant does not know the law; and, accordingly, he consults counsel. Counsel does not know the law; so he asks the court of first resort to say what it is. This court does not know the law; therefore the judge signs and seals the "Bill of Exceptions," in order that the highest State court may pass upon the points involved. If a "Federal question "Šthat is to say, a question under the Federal Constitution or a United States stat-uteŠbe in issue the Supreme Court at Washington is the tribunal of last resort. But, like the judges of the highest State court, the members of this august body do not profess to know the law. Thei listen, for information, to the arguments of eminent counsel; they consult au-thorities for light; they discuss with each other, carefully and laboriously, all, aspects of the case before them. And then, they deliverŠwhat? Not the law as it must be taken by all men, for all time, but the opinion of all or a majority of the judges who are at the time upon the bench, as to what is the law governing the particular case before them. THERE is no finality even here. Sometimes a "re-hearing" is granted, and the court, after more mature deliberation, or upon the strength of new points adduced, or new authorities cited, reverses its decision. Always, there is a chance, owing to the infinite variety of circum-stances, that a case apparently exactly similar to one al-ready decided will to the court present some variance calling for a decision of a different kind from that deliv- 