THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 77 flogging and hanging of the Quakers, served to engraft in their minds the scion of American Protestantism. We believe that a candid in-vestigation of the cause that led to these acts will incline every unprejudiced individual to de-cide as they did, that it is unsafe to trust fallible men with civil power to enforce any religious observances. Were the men who made their memory odious by participating in these persecu-tions, men of corrupt minds? Did they belong to a venal age? Were they mere hypocrites? Would not their religious faith, if judged by the Bible standard, compare favorably with any of the sects of these days? We believe no charge of this kind could be sustained. Does not the whole secret lie in the fact that the idea of a union of Church and State had not been eradi-cated from their minds?Š"A. M.," in Kansas Worker. Those Petitions Again. THE Rev. A. J. Nelson, secretary of the San Francisco District of the American Sabbath Union, feels considerably stirred up because a pe-tition against the Sunday-Rest bill has been in-troduced into Congress, signed by 31,575 Califor-nians. He says that it "may be true" that there are 30,000 people in California who would sign such a petition, but comforts himself with the belief that there are 100,000 who would sign a petition in favor of the bill. Well, it not only "may be true," but it is true, that a good many more than 30,000 adults in California have pro-tested against the bill; and there are thousands more who will sign it. We don't know how big a list can be rolled up in favor of the bill; but if its friends on this coast proceed according to the rules of the. American Sunday Union, and get the autographs of a few prominent men, they will doubtless go before Congress with something like a million petitioners from California, as there are about that many people,Šmen, women, children, and babies,---in this State. He says that the canvassers for signatures to these petitions "set forth that the Blair bill was a Roman Catholic movement in the interest of the union of Church and State. Most of these signatures were procured by this false statement. No doubt the saloonists all signed it." There seems to be some strange fatality about this Sun-day business, that soon deprives those who work for it of the power to correctly represent a matter. How does Mr. Nelson know how " most of these signatures" were obtained ? Was he around with the canvassers ? No; he knows nothing what-ever about it. His statement is a sample of the reckless assertions that are made by the Sunday-law workers, to cast contempt on an opposition which they cannot meet by argument. As a matter of fact, we Know that the canvass-ers for the anti-Sunday petition did not "set forth that the Blair bill was a Roman Catholic move-ment." On the contrary, the AMERICAN SENTI-NEL, has repeatedly pointed out that the Roman Catholics have had little or nothing to do with it, notwithstanding Cardinal Gibbons's letter, by which Mr. Crafts and his fellow-craftsmen have sought to make the country believe that all the Catholics signed their petition. Mr. Nelson has not been in the business long enough to learn the rapes. He does not know that it is the policy of hisichief to make the people believe that all the Roman Catholics, and everybody else, are in favor of the Sunday bill. Mr. Crafts will not thank him for disclaiming the Catholics as his fellow- workers in the movement. It is the Sunday folks themselves who have set forth that the Blair bill met the hearty approbation of 7,200,000 Catho-lics in this country, including the little children, all of whom they set forth as being twenty-one years of age or more. It is not probable that a single Roman Catholic has signed the petition in favor of the bill, although a few may have done so; but we know that scores of Catholics, priests as well as lay members, have signed the protest to the bill. Would they have signed the protest if the canvassers had been setting forth that the bill is a Roman Catholic measure? To say that the signatures were obtained by false pretense is to charge the judges, lawyers, doctors, teachers, and other professional men who signed the remonstrance, with being easily duped. Such a charge will not hold, any more than will the implied charge that most of the signers were saloon keepers. We have before mentioned that in one California town of about 7,000 inhabitants, over 1,300 signatures were obtained. We don't believe that any Californian will admit that there is any small town in the State that contained that number of saloon keepers or adult ignoramuses. When Theodore Tilton was editor of the New York Independent, he remarked concerning a snarling contemporary that its bad blood was ow-ing to its poor circulation. We opine that it is something like that with our Sunday-law friends. If they could point to one-fourth of 230,000 act-ual individual signatures already obtained, they would not feel so bad. If they could only purge themselves of the dishonesty of the act of going before Congress claiming to have 14,174,744 pe-titioners on the strength of only 407 actual signa-tures, and could make it appear to be a legitimate transaction, they would regard 230,000 opposers as the merest trifle. A moment's calculation will show anyone that if for each signature that we have obtained, we should claim as many petitioners as they do, we should have the handsome number of 98,749,680 petitioners in the United States, against the Blair bill, or one and one-half times as many people as there are in the United States! This would give a surplus to use in case of an emergency. When the Sunday Union people, with their knowledge of multiplication, consider the possibilities in 230,-000 signatures, no wonder they are troubled. But they need not fear that we shall follow their example. A Despotic Law. EDITOR AMERICAN SENTINELŠDear Sir: The Mercury (Manhattan, Kan.), Vol. 5, No. 244, in an editorial, speaks as follows: " In the last quarter of the nineteenth century in this alleged free country, the governor of Vermont has ap-proved the law in regard to the enforcement of prohibition in that State, which reads as follows: `It shall be' the duty of any sheriff or his deputy or any constable to search without warrant any wagon, carriage, cart, sleigh, sled, . . . trunk, box, hand-bag, satchel, bundle, or clothing conveyed or worn along any road or street in the State for intoxicating liquor, if he thinks there is a chance of finding any by so doing.' It is also stipulated that the officer is entitled to one-fourth of the fine imposed. Under this law an officer can walk up to a man, seize his hand-bag, -if he has one, or go through his pockets by simply giving as a reason that he wants to ascertain if he has any liquor about him. He can also subject a woman to the same process. You may search the Russian  statutes for edicts, but you will find nothing where the personal liberty of the citizen is so re-stricted, or where the despotic spirit of tyranny is more completely shown." We can only expect in the near future, after the passage of the Blair bill or anything similar to it, just as unjust laws in regard to religious matters. People's dwellings and places of busi-ness will be ordered searched or watched to as-certain if any labor or play of any sort whatever is done or participated in. Don't understand me to say that some religious legislation is right. Not so! far from it, for such legislation destroys religious freedom, and only begets tyranny aml despotism. S. H. CARNAHAN. A Religious Monopoly. AT the present time, a powerful effort is mak-ing in this country to again place a religious re-striction upon citizenship. The National Reform Association, supported by the Prohibition party in many States, the W. C. T. U., and the most influential religious denominations, propose to secure such an amendment to the United States Constitution as will "place all Christian laws, in-stitutions, and usages of our Government on an undeniable legal basis in the fundamental law of the land." Their motto is, "Christ the King of Nations, and the Bible the supreme law." They do not expect Christ is coming to rule personally as he ruled the Israelites, but they intend to rule in his stead, thus putting themselves in the place of God. One of their chief organs, the Chris-tian Nation, in its issue of February 24, 1886, con-tained the following :Š "Respect for the Bible means respect for the church, for the preaching of the gospel, and for all the means of grace." Now this is but a statement of the simple fact; and if this be true, then it follows that if the Bible is ever made the supreme law in this coun-try, then will everybody be forced to show "re-spect for the church, for the preaching of the gospel, and for all the means of grace." It would not be showing respect for the gospel not to listen to it, therefore people must be compelled to attend church, and be baptized to show "respect for the preaching of the gospel and for all the means of grace." The Christian Nation continues :Š " Of course, a Government organized on a basis embracing Christianity, could not, with propriety, intrust those with office who are hostile to its characteristic faith. And none of this class have any right to claim that they shall be equally eligi-ble to office with those who are bona fide citizens." Rev. W. J. Coleman, one of the principal National Reform exponents, in the Christian Statesman of November 1, 1883, said: "To be perfectly plain, I believe that the existence of a Christian Constitution would disfranchise every logically consistent infidel." That is to say, that the infidel who tells the truth about himself will be disfranchised, while the hypocrite, who pre-tends to be a Christian, but is not, can be a good citizen. When the leaders in a political monop-oly are religious people, members of the church, then, judging from all history, as well as from the inevitable logic of the case, we may look out for a religious monopoly. This is the worst of all monopolies. While other monopolies take away man's civil rights, 'a religious Łmonopoly takes away the right of conscience, and destroys free moral agency. God holds every person responsi-ble for the exercise of his choice, as a free moral agent. But how can a man choose according to the light of his own reason and conscience, when the civil government has chosen for him and 