138 VoL. 9, No. 18. for the truth. Bible truth was dearer to them than wealth, honor, or even life itself. They could not endure to see the truth buried under a mass of superstition and lying sophistry. They took the Word of God in their hands, and raised the standard of truth before the people, boldly declaring that which God had revealed unto them through diligent searching of the Bible. They died the cruellest of deaths for their fidelity to God, but by their blood they purchased for us liberties and privileges that many who claim to be Protestants are easily yielding up to the power of evil. But shall we yield up these dearly bought privileges ? Shall we offer insult to the God of heaven, and, after he has freed us from the Romish yoke, again place ourselves in bondage to this antichristian power ? The voice of 'Luther, that echoed in mountains and valleys, that shook Europe as with an earthquake, summoned forth an army of noble apostles of Jesus, and the truth they advocated could not be silenced by fagots, by tortures, by dun-geons, by death; and still the voices of the noble army of martyrs are telling us that the Roman power is the predicted apostasy of the last days, the mystery of iniquity which Paul saw beginning to work even in his day. Roman Catholi-cism is rapidly gaining ground. Popery is on the increase, and those who have turned away their ears from hearing the truth are listening to her delusive fables. Papal chapels, papal colleges, nunneries, and monasteries are on the increase, and the Protestant world seems to be asleep. Protestants are losing the mark of distinc-tion that distinguished them from the world, and they are lessening the distance between themselves and the Roman power. They have turned away their ears from hearing the truth; they have been unwill-ing to accept light that God shed upon their pathway, and are therefore going into darkness. They speak with contempt of the idea that there will be a revival of the past cruel persecution on the part of Romanists and those who affiliate with them. They do not recognize the fact that the Word of God fully predicts such a revival, and will not concede that the people of God in the last days shall suffer persecution, although the Bible says, " The dragon was wroth with the woman, and went to make war with the remnant of her seed, which keep the command-ments of God, and have the testimony of Jesus Cnrist." Popery is the religion of human nature, and the mass of humanity love a doctrine that permits them to commit sin, and yet frees them from its consequences. People must have some form of religion, and this religion, formed by human device, and yet claiming divine authority, suits the carnal mind. Men who think themselves wise and intelligent turn away in pride from the standard of righteousness, the ten commandments, and do not think it is in harmony with their dignity to inquire into the ways of God. Therefore they go into false ways, into forbidden paths, be-come self-sufficient, self-inflated, after the pattern of the pope, and not after the pat-tern of Jesus Christ. They must have the form of religion that has the least requirement of spirituality and self-denial, and as unsanctified human wisdom will not lead them to loathe popery, they are naturally drawn toward its provisions and doctrines. They do not want to walk in the ways of the Lord. They are alto- gether too much enlightened to seek God prayerfully and humbly, with an intelli-gent knowledge of his Word. Not caring to know the ways of the Lord, their minds are all open to delusions, all ready to ac-cept and believe a lie. They are willing to have the most unreasonable, most in-consistent falsehoods palmed off upon them as truth. Satan's masterpiece of deception is popery; and while it has been demon-strated that a day of great intellectual darkness was favorable to Romanism, it will also be demonstrated that a day of great intellectual light is also favorable to its power; for the minds of men are con-centrated on their own superiority, and do not like to retain God in their knowl- edge. Rome claims infallibility, and Protestants are following in the same line. They do not desire to search for truth, and go on from light to a greater light. They wall themselves in with prejudice, and seem willing to be deceived and to deceive others. But though the attitude of the churches is discouraging, yet there is no need of being disheartened; for God has a people who will preserve their fidelity to his truth, who will make the Bible, and the Bible alone, their rule of faith and doc-trine, who will elevate the standard, and hold aloft the banner on which is inscribed, " The commandments of God and the faith of Jesus." They will value a pure gospel, and make the Bible the foundation of their faith and doctrine. For such a time as this, when men are casting aside the law of the Lord of hosts, the prayer of David is applicable,Š" It is time for thee, Lord, to work; for they have made void thy law." We are coming to a time when almost universal scorn will be heaped upon the law of God, and God's commandment-keeping people will be severely tried; but will they lose their respect for the law of Jehovah because others do not see and realize its binding claims ? Let God's commandment-keeping people, like David, reverence God's law in proportion as men cast it aside and heap upon it disrespect and contempt.ŠMrs. E. G. White. The Writing on the Wall. THE foreign correspondent of the New York Observer, after speaking of a com-pany of six hundred Russian convicts des-tined for Siberia, says :Š But far sadder bands of prisoners than these exist in Russia. I allude to the wretched Stundists and Baptists who are in jail for the sake of their religion, and who are sent in larger or smaller detachments, and in company with ordinary criminals, either to remote districts of transcaucasia or to Siberia, there to expiate their heresy. Considerably over a hundred of these faithful people, poor peasants, with a mighty empire banded against them, are in prison as I write, on charges of a most trumpery description. Most of them are not even charged with any misdemeanor; they are in prison because they are suspected, or because some priest or policeman has reported against them. And without trial of any sort, and at the bare word of the governors of the provinces, their homes will be broken up. their children taken from them, and they themselves transported for a term of five or six years to one of the most inhospitable regions of the whole empire. I often wonder how long this state of affairs is to continue. It still continues and in as marked a manner as ever, notwithstanding the pro-tests of Europe and America, notwithstanding the exposure made of perhaps the most iniquitous persecu-tion since the Middle Ages. Is it remarkable that Russia should fail to be moved by the protests of Europe and America ? What right has either Europe or America to protest ? Have  they yet plucked the motes from their own eyes ? Indeed ,..they have not. Let that country cast the first stone at Russia, which has no union of Church and State,Šno religious laws, and no enforce-ment of religious forms by legal enact-ment. They may all look in fear at the writing in the sand, knowing well that it will soon be the writing on the wall. W. H. M. Legal Religion Always Papal. THE Christian Statesman, of April 21, has a three-column editorial on the " Political Aspect of the Roman Catholic Problem," of which the following is one paragraph Here is a man who says, "I am the representative of the Almighty God in the world, and claim whatever of authority God claims." The American Govern-ment disputes that claim, and refuses to recognize his authority. Then the pope must either withdraw his claim, and thereby confess himself a pretender, and so relinquish control of all who have recognized him, or contest it with this Government. The only reason he does not wage a more open warfare with us, and issue his bulls of deposition and anathema against our authorities, is because he thinks the plan he is follow-ing is the better one for the attainment of his ends--the subjection of the nation to his authority. He does claim the authority to release every Roman Catholic in this country from his allegiance to this Govern-ment. That follows of necessity from his claim as the representative of God in the world. He can do any-thing God can do. This brings to view the utter antagonism between the papal theory of human gov-ernment and the Protestant theory. It is the old con-troversy as to the " divine right of kings," with the assumption on the part of the antagonist that the pope of Rome is the king. This doctrine is destructive, of course of human liberty as we understand human lib-erty. The Romanist may tell us that we would be a great deal better off if we accepted his doctrine and submitted to his "sovereign," but that is the point of controversy. He may tell us that our ideas of human liberty are all at fault, and are subversive of the rights of the church, the rights of the individual, the rights of God himself; but that is the question. We agree with him, however, that they differ radically from the doctrines of his church, and if he is right we are at war with the Almighty. It is interesting to see in this the mis-conception of the subject to which the views, which the Christian Statesman defends, necessarily lead it, and how, . in following up the question, and expressing the reasons for its antagonism of Roman Catholicism, it necessarily refutes all its own positions as to the relations between civil government and religion. In the first place the Statesman is in error when it assumes that, properly, the American Government disputes the claim of the pope that he is the representative of Almighty God in the world. The American .Government cannot rightfully take any cognizance whatever of any such claim. Neither can this Government enter into an investigation as to whether certain of its citizens recognize the pope as their religious head and the vicegerent of God, and predicate from that their treasonable attitude towards governmental authority. If those who have acknowledged the pope's claim of divine authority should be found levying war against the United States, and adhering to its enemies and giving them aid and comfort, and should confess to this in open court, or the overt act be proved against them by the testimony of two witnesses, then this Government could deal with them individually. For the United States, in its governmental capac-ity, to give any such recognition to the claim of the pope to infallibility and to a divine right to rule the world, as would be involved in disputing it, would be to' assert the same claims for itself over its own citizens ;Šwhereas the decision as to the infallibility of the pope and the pro- 