84 THE AMERICAN-  SENTINEL, the National Reformers want the politics the country turned over to the churches iu order that the political pool may be purified ! Ł Ł Ł Somewhat Muddled. IN an address delivered by Col. Edwin A. Sherman, of Oakland, California, in Music Hall, Boston, Massachusetts, Oc-tober 20, 1889, he made some very stirring appeals to the American people with refer-ence to the encroachments of Rome upon our American institutions, and said every American should be awake to the danger threatening our country by Roman Catho-lic eccleajastical interference with our pub-lic schools. He charges them with "ma-nipulating our conventions, and our public schools, wherever they can." This is evi-dently' true, and they have secured large sums of the public school money with which to educate the Indians and others. This is decidedly wrong, and Mr. Sherman says : " The time is come when the Ameri-can people, by their representatives in Legislatures, should make their laws so fast and so firm, amending their Constitu-tion where it may be necessary, that not one single cent shall ever be appropriated for any sectarian purpose whatever." And we say, let it be so, And how he can so soon take another position directly opposed to that is what the writer does not under-stand, unless it be that Mr. Sherman is somewhat muddled. Of the American people, the speaker said : " There is no danger of our falling from grace. We are true to the Scriptures." " We do not believe that they should be driven out of the public schools. . . . We require our presidents, legislators, judges, and governors to be sworn upon the Bible; then in the name of God, why drive it out of the public schools ?" From this statement we see that he is an ardent supporter of the Bible in the public schools, and of:course he would have the Protestant version used. Just how he can in one sentence declare that not one cent of the pub-lic money should be used for any sectarian purpose whatever, and then in another declare that the Bible should be kept in the public- schools, is what I fail to see. To keep the Bible in the public schools, means -at least to have the teacher read the Bible; and to hire a teacher to read the Bible, would be using the public money for sectarian purposes ; because the Bible is a sectarian book; it belongs to Protestants as a sect; and because of it (the Bible) they came out from the Catholic Church. More sects have been produced from the reading of the Bible than from the reading of all the other books in the world. Therefore, to hire a teacher to read the Bible in the public schools, is to use the public money for sectarian purposes; just what Mr. Sherman says should not be done; " no, not one cent, should be appropriated for any sectarian purpose whatever." How- he can harmonize these two conflicting state-ments, is not easy to see. The only reason why he is so opposed to using the public money for sectarian purposes, in the one case, is, because the Catholics are getting the public money, and consequently are teaching the wrong sectarian principles; while in the other case, it is all right to use the public money for teaching sectarian principles if those principles are in harmony with Mr. Sher-man's theology. Then the wrong is not in the use of the public money, but in the kind of sectarian principles taught with the money. It follows, then, according to his reasoning, that in a country like-  this, where the majority rule, that the Bible which contains the sectarian principles of the largest number of voters, should be the Bible read in the public schools, and the very evil which he ia seeking to avoid, namely, the use of the public money by the Catholics for school purposes, would be used for that very purpose soon; fpr he says, " eighty per cent of the employes in the departments at Washington, are Roman Catholics. They control your tele-graph systems, they are upon your news-papers, and prevent honest reports. . . . They manipulate your conventions, and public schools where they can, they aim for the destruction of your Government, and they breed faster than grasshoppers." Now it will not take a prophetic eye to see what kind of 'sectarian principles would ere long be taught in the public schools, according to Mr. Sherman's own words. As American citizens, are we ready for such an issue as this ? If not, then keep the Bible out of the public schools, and everything else that savors of religion. "Leave the matter of religion to the family altar, the Church, and the private school, supported entirely by private contribu-tion. Keep the State and the Church for-ever separate."* Mr. Sherman further says of the Amer-ican people, " There is no danger of our falling from grace; we are true to the Scriptures." Here again he seems to be somewhat muddled with the idea of -a wholesale religion,Ša national Christian-ity. In order for the American people to fall from grace, they must have been once established in grace. Will Mr. Sherman please tell how, and at what time this took place because of their truthfulness to the Scriptures ? We know of no such time. A nation can only be in grace so far as each separate individual in the nation has received the grace of God, that is to say, such individuals as have confessed their sins and been forgiven ; thereby being made recipients of God's grace through faith, Eph. 2 : 5, 8. God establishes men in grace so far as they individually receive it by faith, and continue in it, but no further. When we consider that not one- U. -S. Grant, third of the American people have so received the grace of God, it is evident that as a Nation we have not yet been estab-lished in grace. As to the benefit derived by the Nation or to the individuals that make up the Nation, because the " presidents, legisla-tors, judges and governors," are com-pelled to be " sworn upon the Bible " we have yet to learn. A larger part of them do not know what is in the Bible, and a great many of those who do know what is in it, we are sorry to say, do not believe it; for these reasons, why make them take their oath upon the Bible ? No, it ought never to be done, it is only a relic of the old idea of the divine right of kings. H. J. FARMAN. Newbuiryport, Mass. Our D. D. M. D's. IT is generally supposed that the abbre-viation D. D. attached to a man's name stands for Doctor of Divinity, while M. D. denotes Doctor of Medicine. We should naturally expect the former to be expert in theological diagnosis and ardent to avert spiritual decay and death, but to the latter are especially entrusted the care of the body and the application of laws for physical health. When, therefore, we see certain Doctors of Divinity the foremost advocates of laws ostensibly in the inter-ests of health, while the large and intelli-gent medical profession is almost silent, the question arises whether this zeal is most due to the inefficiency of the medical fraternity, the real benefit of the race, or to some ulterior religious scheme under a secular and philanthropic garment. One of the latest prescriptions of this com-pound school is a homoeopathic dose of rest, applied externally once a week, ex-tending from the middle of Saturday night to a corresponding point Sunday night. If the mean temperature of a pa-tient become so high that he objects to the measure and begins to "rave," be he old or young, strong or feeble, he must have the additional treatment of a period of quiet in jail, unless he prefers to take this part of his rest in hard labor to pay the fine his doctors impose, to make him careful not to overwork. Of course, to a novice in such heroic kindness it looks as if the religious char-acter of the time selected might be upper-most in the mind of its advocates, espe-cially as they frequently call it, in plain language, the " Lord's day," and the "Christian Sabbath," but they strongly assert that this is insulting to their knowl-edge and skill, for all they desire is a day for the recuperation of hard-worked-men, like saloon-keepers and others. When practicing before the public they likewise give it the learned and technical title of the "civil Sabbath," well knowing that no one can understand -that langulage. This sugar coating disguises the real taste; 