122 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. sincerity; and the one making such a charge as that ought to be sincere. Will you therefore ex-plain upon what principle it is that you claim to be sincere in this thing, when, in the face of these plain and explicit statements to the contrary, and Senator Blair's confirmation of them to that effect, you can deliberately attempt to force into my words a meaning that was never there, that was never intended to be there, and which never can by any honest means be put there ? More than this : It can hardly be thought that Senator Blair will very highly appreciate the compliment that you have paid to his logical dis-cernment, when, in the face of his repeated state-ments that I was logical all the way through, you force into my words a meaning that could have no other effect than to make me illogical all the way through. I have no objection whatever to your printing my words as they were spoken; but I do object to your forcing into them a meaning directly con-trary to that which the words themselves convey, and which they were intended to convey; and I further object to your disconnecting my state-ments so as to make it possible for you to force into them a meaning that they never can hon-estly be made to bear. In that space also I said that if an idol wor-shiper in this country should attempt to offer a human sacrifice, the Government should protect the life of its subject from the exercise of that man's religion; that he has a right to worship any idol that he chooses, but that he has not the right to commit murder in the worship of his idol; and the State forbids murder without any reference at all to the question as to whether that man is religious, or whether he worships or not. I stated also that if anybody, claiming apostolic example, should believe in and practice community of property, and in carrying out that practice should take your property or mine without our consent, the State would forbid the theft without any reference at all-to the man's religious opin-ions. And you know that it was with direct ref-erence to these words that I used the words which you have italicized. I there distinctly denied that the State can ever of right legislate in rela-tion to anything in the first four commandments of the decalogue. But if any man in the exer-cise of his right under the first four command-ments should invade the right of his neighbor, such as I have expressed, by endangering his life, his liberty, or his property, or attack his reputation, the Government has the right to pro-hibit it, because of the incivility; but with never any question as to whether the man is religious or irreligious. This is precisely what every State in this Union does already do by statutes which punish the disturbance of religious meetings or peaceful assemblies of any sort. But there is a vast dif-ference between such statutes as these and the ones which you desire shall be enacted. And this is the only thing that I had in view, and is all that I meant, in the words which you have italicized ; for immediately following them I proved that one man's work on Sunday cannot disturb another's rest if that man chooses to rest. And I denied then, as I do forever deny, that any man's work at any honest occupation at any time can ever properly or safely be put by civil Government upon a level with murder, theft, or perjury. So much for myself and my position, and your sincerity. Now, I have a few words to say to you about  your position. You say that the "friends of the Sunday-Rest bill deny that the Government should compel a religious observance of the day." And yet, in your Monthly Document for February you print the following question to Dr. Crafts, asked by the Knights of Labor, and his answer :Š "QuestionŠCould not this weekly rest-day be se-cured without reference to religion by having the workmen of an establishment scheduled in regular order for one day of rest per week, whichever was most convenientŠnot all resting on any one day? "AnswerŠA weekly day of rest has never been permanently secured in any land except on the basis of religious obligation. Take the religion out and you take the rest out." You propose to compel.all people to take a day of rest; you publish to the world that such a day of rest can be secured only on the basis of relig-ious obligation; the logic of this is that you pro-pose to compel all men to recognize a religious obligation. Again, it is there definitely stated that to take the religion out of the day is to take the rest out. You propose to compel all men to take the rest, but religion is essential to the rest: without the religion they cannot have the rest. The logic of this is, therefore, that you propose to compel men to take religion. Joseph Cook is a friend of the Sunday-Rest bill; he says likewise " that you will in vain en-deavor to preserve Sunday as a day of rest unless you preserve it as a day of worship." Accord-ingly, the object of the American Sabbath ;Union is declared by its constitution to be " to preserve the Christian Sabbath as a day of rest and wor-ship." Mr. Cook likewise says that, "for Sab-bath observance to be maintained at a high standard it must be founded upon religious reasons." You yourself, sir, have written in the Pearl of Days these words :Š " It will become more and more apparent that the real defenders of the day are among those who re-gard it a divine, not merely a human, institution." And the president of the association, of which you are secretary, said:Š " We do not put this work on mere human reason-ing, for all that can be overthrown by human reason-ing; we rest it directly and only on the divine com-mand." From first to last, these statements are from fast friends of the Sunday-Rest bill. And similar statements might be quoted almost indefinitely from the friends of the Sunday-Rest bill. There-fore, you with the rest of the friends of the Sunday-Rest bill, may deny till doomsday that the Government should compel a religious ob-servance of the day and it will amount to noth-ing. The constitution of the association to which you belong, your own words, the words of the president of that association, and of the chiefest leaders in the work in which you are engaged, all show that the denial is simply a .contrivance to save appearances, and demonstrate conclusively that the denial amounts to nothing in fact. The enforcement of the observance of a religious in-stitution is the enforcement of a religious observ-ance. The enforcement of the observance of a divine institution is the enforcement of a religious institution, because divine institutions are relig-ious institutions. You likewise deny that the " friends of the Sun-day-Rest bill are in favor of a union of Church and State." But this denial is just like the other one. No man can be in favor of any Sunday-Rest law without being in favor of a union of Church and State. A union of Church and  State is inherent in the thing itself, and it is im-possible to have Sunday-Rest laws without hav-ing a union of Church and State just that far. Dr. Phillip Schaff plainly declares Sunday laws to be one of the " connecting links between Church and State." And Dr. Schaff is one of the friends of the Sunday-Rest law. Therefore, in the face of such declarations as these, in the face of such plain statements from yourself and your associates, a simple denial is not sufficient. When proofs so strong and in such abundance as these are presented something more is required, when charged with meaning what you say, than to deny it. In the face of such proofs denial can never pass for disproof. Please present to the public an argument upon these quotations which I have here presented that will show that you do not propose to enforce religious observances. The friends of the Sunday-Rest bill are not ignoramuses; the most of them are college graduates, and even doctors of divinity. If it be true that they do not propose nor intend to enforce religious observances, or the observ-ance of religious institutions, it ought not to be difficult for them to construct an argument that would show it. It is true, it would be somewhat difficult, in the face of these statements which I have presented in this article. But let them say that they did not mean what they said; let them repudiate these statements, and leave them all be-hind, and start new, and from the premises of a Sunday-Rest law, or of the American Sabbath Union, let them construct an argument which shall .show by logical course and conclnsion that they do not propose to enforce religious observ-ances. Then your denials will amount to some-thing. There is no danger, however, that you will ever get any one of them to do it. Every one who undertakes it and carries out a con-sistent and logical line of argument will find him-self on my side of the question every time. You say that "California's best people do not like the working of the plan of no Sunday law, and are seeking to be rid of it." California's best people, sir, are the people of California them-selves. And in 1882 the people of California de-clared by a majority of 17,517 votes directly upon this issue that they would not have a Sunday law. By their representatives they have repeated that declaration twice since, and California's best peo-ple do like it. And more than this, California's best people appreciate to its whole value the crocodile sympathy of the Eastern Sunday-law crusaders. Here I will close for this time by merely say-ing again that you are at liberty to reprint my words, statements, and arguments as they are, and spread them abroad as widely as you please ; but I insist that you shall refrain from garbling them, and forcing into them a meaning that is contrary to everything in them. Good-bye, sir. I remain yours sincerely, ALONZO T. JONES. WHEN ministers of the gospel preach against Sunday laws and religious legislation in general, they are doing strictly gospel work, as much so as when they preach against any other kind of hy-pocrisy and formalism. The true gospel of Jesus Christ knows of no other method of reaching men than by preaching, backed by the power of the Holy Spirit. "For after that in the wisdom of God the world by wisdom knew not God, it pleased God by the foolishness of preaching to save them that believe." 1 Cor. 1 : 21. And it is "not by 