JANtrAnY 24, 1896. A] t1 lei 1t C.A.N VINT IINTlEIL4., 27 propagation of religion or of irreligion; for no man wants the power of the State used to disseminate views with which he is not in harmony; hence no man has, according to the Golden Rule, any right to use such power to propagate views that others do not believe. But while it is true that really Christian men would administer a government hon-estly, is a profession of Christianity by the government any guarantee of Christian administration ?ŠCertainly not. Every-. body knows that dishonest men will pro-fess anything for pecuniary advantage. To make a profession of religion a qualifi-cation for holding office is only to put a premium upon hypocrisy, and to multiply W. C. P. Breckinridges in the church. He was a man prominent in religious circles, a leader in his church, the father of one of the Sunday bills that has been before Congress during the past five years, and a lecturer on social purity ; and yet at the time violating every principle of Chris-tianity, living a life of deliberate, per-sistent sin; a veritable moral leper. And his is not an isolated case. How many embezzlers and defaulters as well as cor-rupt civil officials are members of churches, superintendents of Sunday schools, etc. Everybody knows that the list of such offenders is painfully long, and that a profession of Christianity is no guarantee of honesty. Among the twelve apostles was one Judas, and the proportion of evil men professing godliness has certainly never been less, except as persecution may at times have burned the dross out of the church, leaving only the genuine; and it is certainly very much greater whenever a premium is placed upon mere profession. We have only to go to Russia to see the practical workings of a government in which a. profession of religion is an essen-tial to office holding. Russia professes a religion, the " Christian " religion, and office holders in that country must be mem-bers of the Orthodox Church. But are they honest ? Is the government honestly administered ?ŠCertainly not. It is no-torious that Ł Russian judges are bribe-takers, that Russian tax collectors are thieves, and that Russian officials, almost from the highest to the lowest, are extor-tioners. It follows, therefore, that a mere pro-fession of religion does not make men honest, but mere profession is all that any human government can possibly secure; nay, more; the more any government has to do with religion, the more any govern-ment does to enforce religious profes-sion, the more of false profession there will be. Therefore the greatest service that human government can possibly render true religion is to let it absolutely alone. Government can foster religious formalism and hypocrisy, but not genuine Christian-ity. France, just preceding the great Revo-lution, affords a striking illustration of a government controlled by men making a profession of religion for worldly gain. The sequel was the Reign of Terror. Men seeing the falsity of governmental religion, and revolting against Simony, extortion, and all kinds of ecclesiastical corruption, went to the other extreme and repudiated all religion. They said, If this is religion we want none of it. The trouble arose from a failure to distinguish between Christianity .and that which was called Christianity. But who was to blame? Where but to the Church is the world ex-pected to look for true Christianity ? And  is it not natural that it should accept as Christianity that which the Church says is Christianity ? The Reign of Terror is continually pointed to as an awful exhi-bition of the effects of infidelity; it is also an awful example of the results of false profession and of governmental re-ligion. Ł Enfor-ced Idleness. THE new Constitution of the State of New York, which went into force the first day of this January, has a provision which establishes practically the keeping in idle-ness of the State prisoners. Of this pro-vision, William R. Huntington, D. D., Rector of Grace Church, this city, writing on the eve of the late election, justly re- marks as follows :Š It so happens that just at present there is impend-ing over the prisoners of the State of New York a calamity to which injustice, ignorance and inhumanity may be said to be contributing in about equal pox tions. The people are presently to be asked to ap-prove a constitutional provisionŠin other words, to make it the law for twenty years to comeŠthat the inmates of our prisons shall be kept idle, for fear, forsooth, that their engagement in useful and remu-nerative occupations may injure the market for free labor, I suppose there is no question among political econ-omists of repute that this is bad political t Conomy; I suppose there is no question among the masters of ethics that this is bad morality ; I suppose there is no question among students of the New Testament that this is bad religion , and yet, it must needs be put into the same lump with other measures plainly desirable lest the labor vote should be offended. Could civil cowardice on the part of educated men much further go ? . The practical working of the thing will be that hun-dreds, and perhaps thousands of criminals, whose only hope of reformation, humanly speaking, lies in their being kept usefully occupied, will be thrown into an enforced idleness, sure to drive some of them to mad-ness, some to suicide, and some to the patient devis-ing either of methods of escape or of plots of revenge. Can a State which knowingly consents to such a scheme for putting convicts to the tortureŠfor that is just what it isŠcan a State, I say, which knowingly consents to such a scheme as this, look the King in the eye, and expect to hear him say, " Come, ye blessed of my Father " ? This is sound doctrine from beginning to end. And yet there is a demand made throughout this whole nation, and Dr. Huntington is a party to it, that the whole people shall be required by State and Na-tional law to submit to idleness a whole day in every weekŠthat is, every Sunday in the year. It is true that this does not propose to put all these in prison-idleness; they are to be allowed to be at large if they will submit to it. But if they will not submit to this, then they are to be put in prison, and to be required to spend the idleness there. But the principle is the same, whether the enforced idleness be in prison or out of prisonŠand especially so when it inevitably follows in prison if it is not submitted to out of prison. Enforced idleness, whether in prison or out of prison, whether on every day or only on Sunday, is bad political economy; it is bad morality ; it is bad religion. And it is only injustice, ignorance, and inhumanity that contributes to it. And how can a State, or an individual, that knowingly consents to such a scheme as this, look the King in the eye and expect to hear him say, " Come, ye blessed of my Father " ? And yet Seventh-day Adventists every-where are denounced, persecuted, fined, and imprisoned, for steadfastly refusing to sanction, or knoviingly consent to, this same evil thing of enforced idleness. They are threatened with outlawry, for their refusal to accept this principle of bad political economy, bad morality, and  bad religion, or to join in this contribu-tion of injustice, ignorance, and inhuman-ity. They are hated and persecuted by professed Christians for refusing to con-sent to a scheme which forbids their look-ing the King in the eye with any expec-tation of hearing him say, " Come, ye blessed of my Father." Let it be so. The Seventh-day Advent-ists are right in this thing. Let the State commit suicide if it will, by enforcing bad political economy; but the Seventh-day Adventists and all others are right who refuse to sanction the proceeding. Let courts which assume the championship of a bad morality, aid in the suicide of the State by enforcing bad political economy in the interests of bad morality, if they will; the Seventh-day Adventists and all others are right who refuse to respect such decisions of such courts. And let pro-fessed religionists support a bad religion by demanding such decisions from such courts to the death of the State, if they will; the Seventh-day Adventists and all others are right in refusing forever any respect to any such procedure on the part of any such religionists. It is better to be denounced, and persecuted, and fined, and imprisoned, and outlawed, because of good religion and good morality, which in themselves are a sufficient preservative of the State, than to have the highest honors of the State, and at the same time be work-ing the certain ruin of self, society, and the State, by enforcing or respecting a bad religion, on account of a bad. morality, in support of a bad political economy. Let the Seventh-day Adventists and all others forever refuse to consent to a scheme which forbids their looking the King in the face with the expectation of hearing him say, "Come, ye blessed of my Father." And let all the people say, Amen ! A Consistent Baptist. BY permission, we publish the following from a private letter received from Dr. E. T. Hiscox, author, with other works, of " The Baptist Church Directory," a standard work among Baptists. Dr. Hiscox, as the reader will see, applies the great principle of religious freedom for which Baptists have contended so nobly, to the compul-sory Sunday observance epidemic. It is difficult to find a person who is not avow-edly in favor of religious liberty, but too many stop short in their logic. Especially is this true when the question of prosecut-ing Seventh-day Adventists and others for laboring on Sunday, is under discus-sion. Dr. Hiscox, like a consistent Bap-tist, consistently, scripturally, and cour-ageously applies the principle to Sunday laws as well as to other matters The "Baptist position,' in respect to the relation of religious and secular affairs, is this; there should be no union of Church and State, but an entire sep- aration between them in all matters pertaining to the administration of religious affairs. They represent two kingdoms, with distinct spheres, and diverse functions, which cannot be united without injury to both. The State has no right of authority or of dicta-tion in matters of faith and worship, which are quesŁ tions of conscience and principle that lie between the individual soul and God. The State is bmind to pro-tect its citizens in the free exercise of their religious faith, without harm or hindrance, so long as they do not interfere with the rights of others. Christians should be good citizens, supporting the government which protects them, honoring the rulers and obeying the laws under which they live, so long as such laws are not contrary to the Word of God. The Church should sustain no organic relation to the State, and receive no patronage or support from it, since to do that would imply the right of supervision and dicta-tion by the State. The support of religion belongs to these who profess it, and, to allow fellowship and ac- 