230 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. legislation died when the Fiftieth Congress expired, March 4, 1889. But it is also true that all those who favor them are preparing to do their utmost to have them introduced as soon as the next Con-gress convenes, and also to do their utmost to se-cure their adoption. Do you respect the word of Christ? Do you love liberty, civil and religious? Do you respect the rights of men? Do you appreciate the lib-erty asserted in the. Declaration of Independence and guaranteed in the Constitution of the United States? If you do any one of these, then you should be willing to let your voice be known in the endorsement and your name in the signing of the following petition : Š "To the Honorable, the Senate of the United States, (duplicate also to the House): " We, the undersigned, adult residents of the United States, twenty-one years of age or more, hereby re-spectfully but earnestly petition your Honorable Body not to pass any bill in regard to the observance of the Sabbath, or Lord's day, or any other religious or ecclesiastical institution or rite; nor to favor in any way the adoption of any resolution for the amendment of the National Constitution that would in any way give preference to the principles of any one religion above another, or that will in any way sanction legislation upon the subject of religion. But that the total separation between religion and the State assured by our National Constitution as it now is, may forever remain as our fathers established it." The lines are being drawn. On which side will you stand? A. T. J. National Reform by Constitutional Amendment not Right. THE Evangelical Repository for March has an excellent article from Rev. J. G. Carson, D. D., professor of homiletics and pastoral theology in the United Presbyterian Theological Seminary, Xenia, Ohio;  from which we make the following extract which we commend to the advocates of religious legislation. Mr. Carson's proposition is "that the proposed Christian amendment to the Constitution of the United States is neither a possible, nor proper, nor necessary, method of National Reform. After giving his reasons for re-garding it as impracticable, the writer says:Š But we proceed to show that this method of National Reform, even if it were possible, is not proper or right, because the civil constitution is not designed or adapted to be the expression of the religious faith of a nation. Granted that the nation should have a re-ligion, or, in other words, that the people com-posing it should acknowledge their allegiance to God, and even to Jesus Christ, in his mediatorial authority; yet it is pure assumption to argue that this can only be done through the State in its civil constitution. The fact is that the nation, or, to speak more properly, the people of a nation, can act just as well through the church as through the State. Many are misled by the phrase, the "Nation or the State (for these two are unwarrantably used as interchangeable terms), is a moral person," which is a mere figure of speech, like a " fiction of law." The true idea is something like this: The State, or civil govern- Ł ment, is an organization, or thing, like a piece of machinery, through which the nation, composed of moral persons, acts in its civil capacity; while the church is an organization through which the same composite moral person acts in its religious capacity. In either case, the moral character of the action and the moral responsibility belong to the individual moral persons composing the or-ganism, and not to the organization itself. If it be proper to apply the word person to the nation as an organism, then we would say the same person in the one case is acting in a civil capacity, and in the other in a religiouS capacity. If there be any one form of religion embraced by the majority of the nation, the profession of that religion is made, and can be properly made, only through the church. In every Christian nation, that church or body of professed Christians which includesŠin its various branches, it may beŠthe decisive majority of the people, that church indicates by its profession, the religious character and profession of the nation, and not its civil constitution or form of civil government. We believe that the whole nation, embracing all ranks and classes, kings, nobles, princes, judges, governors, legislators, and all citizens, should "kiss the Son," acknowledge allegiance to Christ in every relation of life; but this they can do prop-erly only through the church, and not through the State. And this is the true national church and national religion, though it be not established by law; yea, though another church and religion be so established. This Nation is a Christian nation, and even a Protestant Christian nation, and so recognized, not from its civil Constitution or form of govern- merit, but from the character of the religion pre-vailing among its citizens, as professed by the churches to which they belong. If it be said that this profession should also be made by the nation in its organized capacity as a civil government, then it follows, as a natural' and necessary conse-quence, that this distinctive form of the Christian religion becomes the established religion, and the church representing it becomes the established church. And to this end does the movement for the religious amendment of the Constitution logically tend and arrive at last, notwithstanding all disclaimers on the part of its advocates as to their intentions. In the last analysis it involves a religion established by law, a union of Church and State. It is not necessary for us to show that, under the present dispensation, the establishment of re-ligion by law, which necessarily requires an established church, is not admissible or proper. This, like the "requiring of religious tests," may be assumed or taken for granted. Any method of national reform which, like this proposed amendment, leads inevitably to the confounding of the relations of Church and State, is thereby convicted as improper and wrong. Nowhere is this fundamental distinction be-tween the respective provinces of the Church and the State more closely and tersely defined than in the language of our fathers of the Secession ,in the action adopted by the Associate Presbytery, September 29, 1743, which reads thus: " True religion is not only the church's blessing, but her very substance; so that true religion and a true church cannot be divided. Now, if true religion became a part of the civil constitution, it inevita-bly follows that the church became a part of the State; which doctrine, as it is absurd in itself, so it lays a plain foundation for Erastianism, over-turning the distinction betwixt the kingdom of our Lord Jesus Christ and the kingdoms of this world. Moreover, if the true religion (which is spiritual and supernatural) became a part of the civil constitution, then it could no longer remain a civil, but become a religious, a spiritual, a supernatural constitution." (See Gib's Display, vol. 1, p. 274.) Now, inasmuch as the mediatorial authority of  Jesus Christ is a principle of the " true religion," which is purely "spiritual and supernatural," and even its fundamental principle, which includes all others, it follows that the " civil constitution is not designed nor adapted" to be the place for its acknowledgment by the nation, else would it cease to be a civil and become a religious docu-ment. The Denver "News" on the Blair Bill. Ix discussing the question of Sunday legisla-tion, the Denver News of June 30 says :Š " The Blair Sunday bill, which is expected to come before the next Congress and for which petitions are being circulated, can of course only affect such matters as are embraced within Federal jurisdiction. That bill is inspired by a sentiment of religious intolerance, although its friends may be unconscious of the fact. Mr. Crafts disclaims the measure in its present form, but Senator Blair would make the religious phase stronger if he could. The Rev. W. D. Gray, secretary of the Sunday Observance Convention, lately held in Missouri, does not disguise the real character of the movement as he understands it. In a speech made before that body he says : Š " ' To appeal to divine authority in our legislation would be to fundamentally change the law of our land, or the principle adopted by our fathers when they said that all governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed. I for one do not believe that as a political maxim I do not believe that governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed ; and so the object of this movement is an effort to change that feature of our fundamental law. Jefferson was under the in-fluence of French ideas when the Constitution was framed, and that had something to do with leaving God out of the Constitution. And I think that the provincial history of this country will compel us to come back to that, and recognize God in our Constitu-tion. And I see in this reform a Providence teach-ing  us the necessity of recognizing something else besides the will of the people as the basis of Govern-ment.' " Such views as the foregoing should kill any at-tempt to legalize Sunday as a day of rest. The fun-damental principle of the Government suits very well, and no interest has enjoyed greater prosperity under its operation than religion. The churche of the United States have a vitality that is not equaled in any other country, and they owe it to the spirit of freedom and to the good sense that cut them entirely loose from the State. The severance cannot be too complete. Religion associated with civil affairs has been too frightful a curse to mankind and too often decimated the race to offer any inducements for such experiments in a land of freemen. A day of rest from toil is a boon that should be preserved, but it will not find legal aid through a measure that im-plies an encroachment upon liberty of conscience or any alliance between religion and the State that has been happily dispensed with for a hundred years of unexampled national prosperity. " The sentiment expressed in the last sentence of this quotation will be better understood in the light of the following words which occur pre-viously in the same article :Š "The object of such a law should be to limit the sum of Sunday labor, by stopping ordinary business;  and it should be more especially directed against corpora-tions and companies that employ persons to do work. " Even then the rights of those who from religious motives keep another day should be protected to the utmost, as also the rights of people who attach no re-ligious significance whatever to any day." "The law should be chary of any interference with the individual in his choice of a way for enjoying his Sunday rest. No restriction upon the individual that rests solely upon the religious conviction of another should form a legitimate feature in such a law. In a general sense the rule for measuring the degree of individual liberty should be that point beyond which the rights of others would be affected." This would indeed be a very mild Sunday law; much too mild to satisfy the so-called American Sabbath. Union. 