CHICAGO, OCTOBER 25, 1900. VOLUME 15. NUMBER 42. cD 0 l; 71(712 hear my words and believe not Iftulkehim not. Šiesus chra THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY (Continuing American Sentinel.) PUBLISHED WEEKLY AT 324 DEARBORNŠSTREET, CHICAGO, ILL., BY THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. Entered at the Chicago Post Office as Second-Class Matter. SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, 8x.co L. A. SMITH, C. P. BOLLMAN, Editors. GOD created men, but men make governments. .4 .4 THE divine law cannot be administered by men. .4 .4 IF Sunday is the American Sabbath it is not the Lord's Sabbath. .4 .4 THE king upon, his throne has no greater natural rights than has the meanest subject in his kingdom. THE Lord does not ask civil government to deal with offenses against Him, ," for God is judge him-self." IT is blasphemous assumption for any civil gov-ernment to arrogate to itself authority to reenact the divine law or any part Łof it. .4 .4 THE state can not stand between the divine law and the sinner in the day of judgment; therefore it it ought not to assume to put itself between the soul and`God now.. PATRIOTISM asks only equal rights; greed seeks special privileges. Ot THE Christian must have faith in Christ; a state can not have faith, therefore a state can not be Chris- tian% .4 .4 CIVIL.government can not be Christian, neither can it be anti-Christian while confined to its legiti-mate sphere; and since it can not be Christian it necessarily becomes anti-Christian the moment it takes on any religious character whatever. tŁ Ł CHRIST'S KINGDOM AND SUBJECTS. THE utter futility of attempting to establish the kingdom of Christ by political methods is clearly seen whenever the nature of that kingdom is under-stood. The nature of the kingdom of Christ is clearly revealed in the Scriptures,,n,ot only by what is said of the kingdom itself, but by what is said of the sub-jects of that kingdom. That Christ's kingdoni is not a temporal, but an everlasting kingdom is plainly taught in the words of the angel to the -Virgin:  Mary; Behold, thou shalt conceive in thy womb, and bring forth 'a son, and thbu shalt call , his name Jesus. He shall be great, and shall be called the Son of the Highest; and the Lord God shall give unto_ him the throne of his father David, and he shall reign over the house Ł of Jabob forever; ,and Of'his kingdom there shall be no:end." Luke I: 32, 33. Of this same kingdorn the' prophet .Daniel says: "In the days: of these kings [the last 'earthly ,kingdOmS]" shall the God'  f heaven Set up a'kingdorn, which shall 'never be destroyed; 