PRICES. No. 1. Russia leather, for 2 pens No. 2. ,, 3 << No. 3. Sealskin, 2 <' No. 4. 3 No. 5. Russia leather, for 4 No. 6. Sealskin, 4 <4 10e. 15e. 15c. 25c. 25c. 40c. MAY 2, 1895. C Sk.IINPIP I N 1E11L,0 143 1884, the bishops and archbishops of this en-tire country urged both clergy and laity to recognize and aid no movement calculated to weaken respect for the traditional Amer-ican Sabbath, but on the contrary, to en-courage such traditional observance to the utmost." And so it is that Protestants, professedly so, and Catholics are uniting to elevate the anti-Christian Sabbath, and in doing this we see the evidence that they have found common ground upon which to stand in oppressing those who will be true to " the command-ments of God and the faith of Jesus." H. F. PHELPS. St. Paul, Minn. Ł -4  Ł  BOILING BLOOD. WALTER ELLIOTT, the Paulist priest, has this to say in the Catholic World for April, concerning the private interpretation of the Scripture :Š It makes one's blood boil to think of honest people being fooled with such a preposterous delusion as that the private interpretation of the Bible is the divine rule of faith. This " delusion " seems to have had this same effect on Roman Catholics in the past; with this difference that they were not content with the boiling of their own blood, but per-sistently practiced the pious papal plan of boiling the blood of such men as Huss and Jerome, who believed and taught the "pre-posterous delusion." But since burning and boiling have gone out of fashion, Roman Cath-olic countries have adopted banishment in-stead, as will be seen from the following, which appeared in the Inter-Ocean, April 19 :Š Spain Refuses to Permit Missionaries in the Caroline Islands. WASHINGTON, D. C., April 18.ŠIn the correspond-ence between the United States and Spain last year is the history of the negotiations which, after years, re-sulted in the payment-of the sum of $17,500, as indem-nity for the expulsion from the Caroline Islands by Spain of the American missionaries. It appears also that, immediately upon receiving the indemnity, United States Minister Taylor, under instructions from the State Department, began to press the demand that the missionaries be allowed to return to the Caroline Islands. He represented that the governor of the islands was willing to permit this upon the assent of the Spanish government, but the latter, after denying that that official had any authority to convey any such assurance, announced on September 18 last, that the condition in the Carolines has undergone no change as would warrant the return of the Methodists and there-fore refused permission for their return. From this we are to learn that the Roman Catholics of Spain and the Caroline Islands are afflicted with the same hot-blood trouble which afflicts Priest Elliott, and being in a po-sition to give vent in a practical way to their heated blood, they banish the Methodist mis-sionaries who reject and teach others to re-ject the Roman Catholic interpretation of the Bible. Spain and the Caroline Islands pre-sent fruitful fields for missionary work to those Roman Catholic priests and editors who claim for the Catholic Church the authorship of civil and religious liberty. THE POPE AND THE SUNDAY REST. THE pope, in a letter to M. Keller, President of the Sunday Rest Society, says: " The asso-ciation tends to restore to God an honor due to him by a cessation of labor which he him-self has strictly prescribed from the beginning of the old law. . . . Contempt for the Lord's holy day causes the greatest evils to men and nations." Sunday closing has for years been steadily on the increase in the best quarters of Paris.ŠPittsburg Catholic, April 18, 1895. Large Type T-3  I 13 1_, For Those with Poor Eyesight We have many inquiries for a Bible of con-venient size to use and carry, and with large clear print. The Bible, specimen type of which is shown below, we think will meet the require-ments of the case. (Specimen of type shows only one column of the Bible. It is a two-column look like most Bibles, the full size of page being 51a x 8/ in.) Persons desiring such a Bible as The burnt offering EXOD 32 And Aaron and his sons shall eat the flesh of the ram, and the bread that is in the basket, by the door of the tabernacle of the con-gregation. 33 And they shall eat those things wherewith the atonement Specimen of Small Pica Type in Bible No. 1730. this are usually elderly persons, andwant simply the Scriptures themselves, without helps or refer-ences. This Bible contains a Family Register, Tables of Weights and Measures, and 16 excel-lent Maps, but has no references or other addi-tional matter. It is painted from clear, new, small pica type, and is bound in French Morocco, limp round corners and has gilt edges. Sent postpaid on receipt of price. Order by number. 1==ŁRI : No. 1730. French Morocco, Limp Covers, Round Cor-ners, Side and Back Title in Gold, Gilt Edges, Postpaid, $2.00. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBMSIIING CO. OAKLAND, CAL. 43 Bond St., New York. BIBLES Ł.Ł A LARGE AND VARIED STOCK. Send for Catalogue to PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Bond Street, Oakland, Cal. New York City. SAFETY PENCIL POCKET. NEAT, CHEAP, SERVICEABLE. It perfectly secures pen or pencil in the pocket, so that it can not fall out when stooping. Can be easily and safely attached to any part of the clothing. A small investment will prevent the loss of a valuable pen or pencil. Sent by mail on receipt of price. We guarantee these pockets superior in every particular to sim-ilar styles formerly sold and still offered at much higher prices. PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 43 Bond St., New York City. "PERFECTION GRAHAM FLOUR" The Battle Creek Bakery Company, Manufacturers of Health Foods, Crackers, Biscuits, etc., Have recently perfected and added to their list of Health Foods another very important article in this line, knoll n as "Perfection Graham Flour." We claim for this all that its name implies, and the result of using it is a PERFECT HEALTH FOOD BREAD,Šthe one thing desired by every good housekeeper. To every purchaser of a barrel of this flour we mail free a carefully prepared formula with full directions for making PERFECTION GRAHAM BREAD. Price Per Barrel, 3 5 $4 F. O. B. Battle Creek, Mich. Ł Ł We are the sole manufacturers of CEREOLA, The King of Health Foods. Our foods are not surpassed in purity, quality of material used, and workmanship. by any in the market, and orders for them come from various parts of the world. Send all remittances by money order, express order, regis-tered letter, or bank draft, No private checks accepted. Address all orders to BATTLE CREEK BAKERY CO., Battle Creek, Mich. Air OF THE.  CATH.9flCwAltilIRCH. History repeats itself, because human nature is the same in all ages of the world. Hence, he who would know HOW TO AVOID ERROR IN THE FUTURE must know how errors have developed in the past, The " Fathers of the Catholic Church " shows the condition of the heathen world at the time of Christ, briefly states the principles of ancient heathen philosophy, and shows how the adoption of these principles by prominent men in the Church, and the incautious lowering of the stand-ard of pure Christianity, developed the papacy, which was simply a new form of paganism. The chapter on SUN-WORSHIP AND SUNDAY is alone worth the price of the book. Fine English Cloth, Substantially Bound, CONTAINS ABOUT 400 PAGES, Will be Sent Post-paid for $1.00 PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Bond Street, New York City. Oakland, Cal. Kansas City, Mo. STEPS TO CHRIST, By Mrs. E. G. White. We take pleasure in announcing an important and exceedingly helpful work, under the title of STEPS TO CHRIST. The rare ability of the author in the pre-sentation of Scripture truth has never been used to better advantage than in this little work. STEPS TO CHRIST is not alone suitable as a guide to the inquirer and young convert, but is rich in thought and sug-gestion for the most mature Christian. Some idea of its scope and practical character may be gathered from the following table of contents:Š THE SINNER'S NEED OF CHRIST. REPENTANCE. CONFESSION. CONSECRATION. FAITH AND ACCEPTANCE. THE TEST OF DISCIPLESHIP. GROWING UP INTO CHRIST. THE WORK AND THE LIFE. KNOWLEDGE OF GOD. THE PRIVILEGE OF PRAYER. WHAT TO DO WITH DOUBT. REJOICING IN THE LORD. The book is issued in a rich, neat cloth binding, em-bossed in silver, at 75 cents per copy ; in white vellum cloth, silver edges, $1.00. Sent by mail, post-paid, on receipt of price. Address Pacific Press, 43 Bond Street, New York City. or Oakland, Cal. 11° LŁ EŁ S 