ERICAN SENTIN "IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS AND BEDTEYE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. ALONZO T. JONES, EDITOR. NEW YORK, JULY 29, 1897. VoL. 12, No. 30.  Single Copy, 3 cents The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. r"Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no tears that they will be asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Post-office.) FREEDOM. to be enjoyed, must be deserved. Ł THERE is is no other foundation of national greatness than individual virtue. -.1.1Ł- Ł -44,- "NoNE are more hopelessly enslaved than those who falsely believe they are free." ABOUT the only proof that many people can give that they are free, is that they are residents of what is called a "free country." CONGRESS, in combination with the sugar Trust, is just now affording the country some object lessons on the point of what may be expected of a "Christian nation." THE great gold mines just discovered in the Klondike region are as nothing in comparison with the gold mines the Trust magnates of the country have discovered in the pockets of the masses who are compelled to buy their commodities. THERE are plenty of people in the world who are will-ing to "contend" for the faith, by argument or by the sword, and even to lay down theirlives for it on the field of carnal strife. But it is living for-the faithŠliving out the faith in its meekness and gentleness and longsuffering Šthat tests the character. GREAT attention is being given in the religious world to some alleged sayings of Christ heretofore unknown, discovered among documents recently unearthed at Belt-neseh, Egypt. If people would only give as much atten-tion to the authentic record of Christ's sayings which they have in the Bible, their time would be spent to better purpose. There is plenty of meaning yet in the familiar sayings of the Lord which remains to be discerned. It is just as well and perhaps better to discover new truth in an old saying, as to discover some new saying, especially when the authorship of the latter is involved in great un-certainty. THE world lost freedom in the beginning by depart-ing from the truth, by turning to paganism; and those who would regain that freedom must turn from paganism to the truthŠthe gospel. 5- 1- 111- -4 -4 Pagan or ChristianŠWhich? Is view of the facts of the every-day history of Greece and Rome, it is strange that anybody would ever think of giving the professed wisdom of these nations anyplace whatever in any system of education. Yet, however such a thing may be excused in an edu-cation that is altogether of this world, and whose goal is only this worldŠeducation by the StateŠit is impossible to justify it in education that makes any claim whatever to being Christian. Greece and Rome were absolutely pagan. Their edu-cation, their ideals, their literature, were essentially pagan. And what place can paganism ever properly have in Christian education? Pagan text-books in a Christian school! Pagan standards in a Christian edu-cation ! The things are positively contradictory. Christianity and paganism are at the most extreme opposites. Christianity came from heaven: paganism came from beneath. Christianity is of God. Paganism is of the devil. To give pagan literature preference over 