THE SENPINEL. 219 what they would call a National Univer-sity, say at Washington City. They could put it under State control and then could draw from the public treasury all the money that by any influence they could se-cure in support of that school, and so teach their views of Christianity in the school. All this, even though that amendment were a part of the national Constitution, because the school would not be under ecclesiastical control, but State control, and according to their interpretation the teaching of their views of Christianity and the Bible would not be sectarian. Or, on the other hand, the United States might be persuaded as Senator Edmunds' bill proposes, to establish a National University itself, and these de-nominations, according to their interpre-tation of the word " sectarian," could have taught there at the national expense, their views of Christianity and the Bible. And if these things were not so taught in such an institution, then according to these " principles " they would repudiate the instruction as "un-American and pa-gan, and a menace to the perpetuity of our free institutions." According to their idea, their view of Christianity and the Bible is not sectarian, therefore it must be taught in the public schools. But if the question be left to the States there will be a disagreement be-tween them, as has already appeared in supreme court decisions. But if this proposed amendment should be adopted the whole question would be ,at once re-moved from State jurisdiction and made national only. Then if a decision of the United States Supreme Court should be secured sustaining the ideas of the League that Christianity and the Bible are not sectarian, a national religion would thus be established at one stroke. And that is what this League means, according to the ex-pressed views of its President and Gen-eral Secretary. Therefore, judged and interpreted by the views and intents of the President and General Secretary of the National League for the Protection of American Institu-tions, this proposed amendment to the Constitution of the United States is to be used only as a means of establishing so-called Protestant Christianity as a national religion. It means in the end just what the so-called Blair Amendment means, but it is worse than that, in that whereas the Blair Amendment plainly says what it means, the amendment offered by this League means the same thing, but sets it forth in language which appears to prom-ise precisely the opposite, leaving it to their own interpretation to secure by it what the League intends. If those who propose and, advocate this amendment mean what the amendment says, it would be all well enough; but when they mean the opposite of what it says, then it makes the whole thing to be, only evil. If the amendment were adopted as it reads, and were inter- preted as it says, it would be perfectly proper and a good thing; but when those who have framed it and who propose to secure its adoption mean the opposite of what it says, then the danger is that the influence which they exerted to secure its adoption might be available to secure their interpretation, which is the opposite of what it says. Therefore the best thing for the Ameri-can people to do, is to protect American institutions by giving no place to the National League for the Protection of American Institutions, at least so far as its views are represented in the pub-lished ideas of its President and General Secretary. A. T. J. "The Civil Side of the Sabbath." IN Eccl. 7 : 29 we read : " Lo, this only have I found, that God hath made man upright; but they have sought out many inventions." The above title, quoted from a National Reformer so-called, displays one of the many inventions of those who are clamoring for civil law to compel all to observe an institution wholly religious. They call it the " Christian Sabbath," and claim for it divine sanction and religious obligation. If this claim is just, civil law has no more to do for its enforcement, than it has for the enforcement of the Christian ordinances of baptism and the Lord's sup-per. It is a matter entirely at the option of each individual. God leaves men free to serve him or not as they choose, retain-ing the right to call them to judgment in his own time. And our unequaled Consti-tution forbids the making of any law prohibiting the free exercise of choice in all religious matters. This is as it should be; it is in harmony with the Golden Rule. All have the right to keep Sabbath, if they choose, and when they choose. But National Reformers wish to compel all to keep Sabbath when they do; and to evade the truth that they wish to enforce a religious institution by civil law, they tax to the uttermost their inventive powers to find a way to make it appear that they do not ask for religious legislation. Hence their Sabbath has many sides; as the san-itary side, the merciful side, the protec-tion side, and the civil side. All this, and I know not how much more, to persuade the good people that legislation in favor of a religious observance is not religious legis-lation, or the establishing a form of relig-ion by law, the very thing which our peer-less Constitution prohibits. All have the privilege of resting one day in seven, if they think it for their health; but if they do not rest on a particular day, it is not a contagious disease, like the small-pox or yellow fever, that will endan-ger the lives of those who do rest. Work-ingmen have the privilege of resting on Sunday, without compelling everybody else to rest on that day. And in regard to protection, our laws justly protect all in  religious worship on every day in the whole year. And there is nothing uncivil Šnothing which infringes upon the rights of othersŠin quietly attending to one's own business on any day. But it would be quite uncivil to compel any man to lose the reward of honest labor on any day on which he chooses to work. The civil side of religious legislation has been sufficiently exemplified in past ages of the world. To repeat the experiment is worse than folly. R. F. COTTRELL. Ł-4 No Need of Sunday Legislation. THE Examiner (Baptist) of this city, had an article some time since on " The Need of Sunday Legislation," in which some ideas worthy of notice were advo-cated. The article is a review of a para-graph or two from an article in a secular paper expressing the sentiment that no laws should be made in regard to Sunday, and that consequently everybody should do as they please about observing it. This, the Examiner thinks, would be ut-terly destructive of all Sunday observance. That paper admits, however, that " no laws should be made enforcing the relig-ious observance of Sunday." Just what those who say they are in favor of Sunday laws, but not in favor of enforcing the " religious observance " of the day, mean, we do not know. Sun-day is purely a religious institution. It is observed because it is a religious institu-tion, and how any observance of it what-ever can be enforced without enforcing a religious observance, is more than we can understand. It is true that no law can compel anyone to have a real regard for Sunday, and possibly the advocates of Sunday laws would regard nothing short of that as religious observance ; but any law that prohibits secular occupations on Sunday, compels people to act as though they had a sacred regard for the day, and what is that but religious observance as far as it goes ? The Examiner argues that Sunday laws are necessary in order to afford those an op-portunity to rest who desire to do so. To prove this, it cites the case of the Saturday half-holiday in this city, of which it says :Š For several years, by a concerted action, some few large firms in the same lines of business adopted a system of early closing during the sum-mer, but the practice was by no means general, and it had no sure basis until a statute made Sat-urday afternoon a legal holiday. When all banks and public offices closed at noon on Saturday, it was found not only practicable to close private offices and shops, but of little use to keep them open, and so the half-holiday became assured as a summer institution, and is more and more generally observed with every-year. But instead of proving the necessity of Sunday laws, this proves conclusively that no such laws are required further than to make Sunday a legal holiday. There is no law forbidding work upon Saturday afternoon; the law simply makes 