AMERICAN SENTINEL_ 681 while he was out of politics, and away from every seat of party strife, he was able to exert a direct influence upon those interests of the state with which politicians are supposed to deal. This fact in itself is good evidence that a man does not have to be a politician in order to serve the state. IF we read the account of John's work given in the third chapter of Luke, we shall discover in it several il-lustrations of this truth. Thus, in verse twelve and on-ward : "Then came also publicans to be baptized, and said unto him, Master, what shall we do? And he said unto them, Exact no more than that which is appointed you. And the soldiers likewise demanded of him, saying, And what shall we do? And he said unto them, Do vio-lence to no man, neither accuse any falsely; and be con-tent with your wages." Here are disclosed the extortion and injustice of those in positions of power and the dis-content of those receiving "wages," which are familiar features of the situation in our own country to-day, and which are made the basis of much of the oratory of a modern political campaign. TIMES have not changed very much in our world since the days of John, so far as concerns the problems grow-ing out of the relation between employer and employes, between the governed and their governors. Human nature was the same then that it is now, and expressed itself through substantially the same channels of con-duct. And there is nothing in any of the circumstances of that time as compared with our own, which would warrant the conclusion that what was possible to one out of politics then, is not equally possible to one in the same position now. THE publicans and the soldiersŠand we know not what other classes of the peopleŠcame out to John and asked of him in all sincerity what they should do in order to lead a better life. This is more than they asked of the politicians,Šthe party leaders,Šand from John they learned more than the politicians would have been able to tell them. So that upon the inference that many of them acted in harmony with his counselŠa very fair in-ference, certainlyŠwe may conclude that John the Bap-tist did more in his day to remove the discontent of the people and the causes therefor, and thus to aid in the maintenance of good government, than was done by all the politicians put together. * "OH, but"Šsome of my readers will exclaimŠ"John the Baptist cannot serve as an example for our time, for his work was peculiar and extraordinary. He had a special message for the people from the Lord." Well, haven't preachers to-day a special message from the  Lord? If not, they would better stop preaching. Haven't they the special message of the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth? Haven't they the message of repentance that John preached, and also the message which Jesus Christ himself proclaimed, of reconciliation with God through his death and resur-rection? Haven't they, in short, all the message that John had and a good deal more,Šas much more as In-sp iration has added upon the pages of the New Testa-ment? CERTAINLY they have. The only difference is that John stuck to his message, while the preachers of to-day don't stick to theirs, but seem to think they have found in politics something of more importance. If John the Baptist had gone into politics, he would have done as little for the real benefit of mankind as is being accom-plished by the preacher politicians in our own midst. And if the latter would but proclaim the message of sal-vation in all the graciousness and power of the Spirit, as is their privilege, they might accomplish undreamed-of things in the line of relieving the painful and alarming symptoms which are apparent in the body politic at the present time. Let them try it and see. AT a recent meeting of pastors representing all lead-ing denominations in "Greater New York," resolutions were passed setting apart November 10 as "a day of prayer and exposition of Scripture concerning prayer," and calling upon pastors and churches in all the States to assemble at some hour on that day "for the purpose of praying God to revive his people." This is right; it is what the times demand. God has power to revive his people, and he would have his people pray for a revival. He would have them pray to him in-stead of to Congress and State legislatures. He would have them seek for that righteousness which exalteth a nation, through him, rather than through politics. Papal Liberality. RECENTLY at Kingston, Ont., there was a marriage in a Congregational church, at which a number of Cath-olics were witnesses. Upon learning of this, Archbishop Cleary, of that place, took occasion to set forth the liber-ality of papal principles in a public proclamation, as follows:Š "We hereby declare with all the authority of the church vested in us as Archbishop of Kingston and your chief pastor, that any Catholic in our metropolitan city or diocese who shall hereafter presume to enter any non-Catholic edifice to assist at what is termed a marriage ceremony or service for the dead, even though he should not take any active part in the performance, renders himself guilty of mortal sin by dishonoring the religion 