224 ANIL (CAN SIENTriPI[MEILA. VOL. 8. No. 28. NEw YORK, JULY 13. 1893. Qom" ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked " Sample Copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. READ our " Chicago Correspondence," on page 218. It is exceptionally interest-ing this week. Š4-- THE case of N. B. Capps, the Seventh-day Adventist, recently convicted in Weakley County, Tenn., has been ap-pealed to the Supreme Court of the State. NEGOTIATIONS are said to be in progress looking to a union between the Greek and Roman churches, so that the Pope shall be the head of both. " And all the world shall worship him [the papal beast, Rev. 13:8], whose names are not written in the book of life of the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world." Is it only paying admission to the World's Fair that constitutes " desecra-tion" of Sunday? The Mail and Express seems to think so, for in its issue of July 3, it says, " Only 47,754 desecrators," on last Sunday ; yet it presently tells of 16,385 free admissions to the grounds on the same day, making the total number of visitors 64,139, including, evidently, from the details given, at least one re-porter for the " leading evening paper," the only great and original religious daily, whose " piety " consists in advertising Piper Heidsieck Sec, and demanding Sun-day laws for other people. THAT the Seventh-day Baptists are be-coming aroused to the duty of the hour as never before in the history of this coun-try, is evident from the tone of their pa-pers. The Evangel and Sabbath Outlook is doing valient service for liberty of con-science; and even the Sabbath Recorder is catching the spirit, and seems to realize that the battle is joined. On another page we, publish a ringing appeal to Bap-tists by a correspondent of the Recorder. Let the good work go on until every Sab-bath keeper in the world is fully aroused and joins in exposing the claims of the false Sabbath, and denouncing the usur-pations that are practicedŁ in behalf of a man-made institution. THE advocates of a legal Sunday are never consistent. In the first place, the Mail and Express, while denouncing Sunday papers, employ reporters to gather news on Sunday for the Monday paper. Another inconsistency is in the way they talk about the World's Fair. The Mail and Express of the 3rd instant says:Š Another Sunday at Jackson Park has added addi- tional emphasis to the glaring fact that the holding of the show on the people's day of rest does not have the sympathy of the people. Only 47,754 persons paid admissions inside the gates, and 2,414 of this number were children, who entered at half rates. Those who came to the Exposition saw but little of it; in fact, but few of the visitors made an attempt to see the displays in the grounds proper. It would appear to anybody other than a National Reformer that the fact that on Sunday twenty-eight State and thirteen national buildings are closed, and a large number of individual exhibits are cov-ered, is sufficient reason why the people do not go to the Fair on that day. They are charged full price for considerably less than half the show, and it is not strange that the working people, espe-cially, who know the value of money by knowing what it costs, refuse to pay fifty cents merely for the privilege of paying additional fees to the various side shows on Midway Plaisance. IT is very evident that the slim Sunday attendance is no index of the sentiments of the working people relative to Sunday closing. Nor does it indicate a general regard for the day. Let the same condi-tions prevail on any other day of the week, and who cannot see that the attend-ance would be even smaller than it is on Sunday ? Sunday opening may be a failure, but not because the people have so much regard for the day; it is because only a small part of the Fair can be seen on that day, and nobody cares to pay for looking at closed buildings and covered exhibits. By securing the closing of so many buildings and the covering of so many exhibits on Sunday, the National Reform-ers have made it impossible for the work-ing people of Chicago to see the whole Fair without the loss of a day's wages in addition to the entrance fee; and now for them to assume that because the people do not rush to the Fair on Sunday by the hundreds of thousands is in perfect keeping with the assumption that the day is sacred, and that to go to the Fair on it is sin. OF the remarkable telegram sent to the President, May 27, by Joseph Cook, W. F. Crafts and A. H. Plumb, demanding that troops keep the Fair gates closed on Sunday, the Evangel and Sabbath Outlook says : " The tone and spirit of this Christian (?) message to the chief execu-tive is more nearly allied to the Spanish Inquisition than it is to Christ's Spirit, or to the gospel of peace. It sounds like the insane raving of men, who, having played a loosing game, reach for their ' hip pockets' for arguments. It is well if Christianity can be saved from such defenders. When ' Sunday-closing,' or any measure which Christians urge in the name of religion, must be attained at the point of the bayonet, Christ and the gos-pel of peace are relegated to a far distant back seat.' " JUST as we are closing up this number of the SENTINEL we are informed from Ford's Store, Md., that the case against Hettie Mansfield, arrested for sewing on Sunday, failed, owing to the non-appear-ance of the witnesses for the State. July 3, Mr. Geo. W. Marvel was tried, and though none of the witnesses would swear that the work done was not a " work of necessity," he was promptly found guilty. The other case, that of Mr. Atwood Bryan, was taken under advisement for one week. THE tract society at Topeka, Kan., de-sires clean SENTINELS, late numbers, for city missionary work. Address, Mrs. N. E. Holaday, 400-i- Kansas Ave., Topeka, Kan. A FIRST-CLASS literary magazine at fifteen cents per month or $1.50 per year is a rarity, but it exists in McOlures Magazine published at 473 and 475 Broadway, this city. This magazine, the second number of which is just out, con-tains nothing trashy, and much less of the sentimental than most popular publica-tions of its class. The articles, " An Afternoon with Dr. Holmes," and " The Race to the North Pole," are alone worth many times the price of the July number. CAN YOU TELL WHY It does not pay me to advertise an article of great value to every person who does writing ? During the past twenty-five years I have tried about every way to bring this important invention before the public in a truthful manner, never promising more than I carry out, with the result that I have not received one dollar for a hundred spent. Is it because what I have does not appeal to the passions, appetites, vanity or fears of people? Ad-vertisers of such things easily acquire fortunes. Is it, as a prominent newspaper man said, because people look upon advertisements as lies, and avoid advertisers? or Is it because I don't write effective advertise-ments? " Copy " sent experts with authority to change or re-write is used without alteration. Now, I want a friendly talk with you, readers of the SENTINEL, and have you tell me how I can in-terest you. I publish superior books teaching the most easily-learned, rapidly-written and certainly-read system of shorthand, in shortest time, at least expense; for school or home study. I send full information and Trial Lessons to all asking, so that every one can see what to do and how to do it before paying a cent. In my School I give all applicants a FREE TRIAL to determine aptitude and probable success. Those not showing qualities that promise success are advised to do something else. Those taught are successful. My graduates are efficient writers and hold many of the best positions in the country. They send others to me. Let me prove these things to you. I want you to know about this wonderful Improvement in the Art of Writing, that all can, and should, learn and use with profit and delight. Will the bright-minded readers of the SENTINEL tell me how I can gain their confidence and patron-age? Write me frankly. I will send you 160 pages containing valuable information. Free Trial Les- sons, etc. D. KIMBALL, Quincy Building, Chicago. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per =veer, - 90c 25 to 99 " " " " - - - 80c 100 to 249 " " " " - 75c 44 250 to 499 " " " " - - - 70c 500 to 999  44 44 46 44 - 650 " 1000 or more " " "" 60c To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - -5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York City. 