AMERICAN SENTINEL. 739 National W. C. T. U. to protest against any such inter-pretation or use of any lines of W. C. T. U. work as shall in any manner interfere with the most perfect liberty of conscience concerning days, or the manner of their ob-servance. Accordingly, therefore, it is not an nbjectionable thing for anybody so to use any lines of W. C. T. U. work as to interfere with perfect liberty of conscience con-cerning days and the manner of their observance. It is not an objectionable thing to the National W. C. T. U. for anybody to use the machinery and material of the W. C. T. U. so as to interfere with liberty of con-science concerning days and the manner of their ob-servance. This is only to confirm the previous "point" that it is an objectionable thing to ask the National W. C. T. U. to protest against persecution; it is an objectionable thing for anybody to ask the National W. C. T. U. even to protest against the use of their material and machin-ery, even by the prejudiced and malicious, in perse-cuting; it is not, to the National Union, an objection-ableithing for anybody, even in prejudice and malice, to use the material and machinery of the National W. C. T. U. to persecute concerning days and the manner of their observance. So the National W. C. T. U. has taken its position, has written itself down, and has published itself to the world. Assuredly, therefore, it was proper and most timely that a member should give notice, as was given, "that at the next annual convention I, or some one in my place, will offer the following amendment to the con-stitution:Š "ARTICLE VI.ŠPLANS OF WORK. "Nothing shall ever be incorporated into any plan of N. W. C. T. U. work, by department or otherwise, which must of necessity become the occasion of secta-rian controversy, or which can in any sense be made to interfere with perfect liberty of conscience." Now let it be understood that we do not Say that the National W. C. T. U. consciously, intentionally, and of forethought, put themselves thus on record as not objecting to persecution or interference with liberty of conscience concerning days and the manner of their observance. We are perfectly satisfied and free to say that the women of the convention did what they did without any consideration at all of the real thing that they were doing. It is evident that they allowed their zeal for Sunday and Sunday laws so to blind them to all merits of the resolution before them, that all calm-ness of consideration was forgotten; and that in this "state of mind" they rushed it out of the way by what-ever means possible. And in the doing of this, they committed themselves to the declaration that it is ob-jectionable for anybody to ask them to protest against are listening, in lieu of sermons, to lectures on Tenny-son, Longfellow, Shakespeare and Count Tolstoy. Well, Isaiah and the prophets can calmly wait; but the opin-ion of those old-fashioned preachers upon some who claim to be their modern successors would be of absorb-ing interest. ŠThe Examiner. The National W. C. T. U. on Record. IN the late National W. C. T. U. convention, held at Seattle, Wash., the following resolution was introduced for adoption:Š "Resolved, That as a National Woman's Christian Temperance Union we protest against any such inter-pretation or use of any lines of our work as shall give aid or comfort to those who, through ignorance; preju-dice, or malice, would enact or enforce such laws as can be made to serve the purpose of persecution, or to in any manner interfere with the most perfect liberty of con-science concerning days, or the manner of their ob-servance." This was vigorously opposed by the national super-intendent of Sunday observance, and several presidents of State unions; and finally the following substitute was offered "as involving all necessary points, and omitting the objectionable ones" in the original resolu-tion:Š "Resolved, That we favor the amendment of all State Sunday laws which do not contain the usual ex-emption for those who keep the Sabbath day." This substitute was adopted by the convention. From the statement of the author of the substitute there are "objectionable points" in that original resolu-tion. Now we ask every soul to look that resolution through carefully, word by word, weigh it, consider it in all its bearings from beginning to end, and mark any objectionable point that it is possible to find. According to the situation as it stands, it is an.  objectionable thing for anybody to ask the National W. C. T. U. to protest against any such interpretation or use of any lines of W. C. T. U. work as shall give aid or comfort to those who, through ignorance, prejudice, or malice, would enact or enforce such laws as can be made to serve the purposes of persecution. Accordingly, therefore, to the W. C. T. U., it is not an objectionable thing for any body through ignorance, prejudice, or malice so to use any lines of W. C. T. U. work as to enact or enforce such laws as can be made to serve the purpose of persecution. That is to say: It is an objectionable thing to ask the National W. C. T. U. to protest against persecution. It is an objectionable thing to ask the National W. C. T. U. to protest against persecution even by those who through prejudice or malice would persecute. It is an objectionable thing for anybody to ask the 