AMERICAN SENTINEL. 771  to deal with sin, it must execute at once upon the sin-ner, without mercy, the penalty of sin. But God insti-tuted the gospel, and gave his Son to die upon the cross, expressly to prevent the immediate and unmerciful exe-cution of the penalty for sin upon the sinner. The whole object of the gospel would be defeated if this were done. And therefore this National Reform doctrine that the civil government ought to punish violations of the law of God, is altogether against God, and those who adhere to it are only fighting, though it may be unwittingly against him. God himself will finally execute the pen-alty of his law upon the wicked, but that will not be until the gospel shall have done its work, and the period of probation upon which man has been placed shag have reached its end. The purpose of civil government, as the Declaration of Independence affirms, is to preserve the natural, unalienable rights given to all men by the Creator; and to this end the Government must take measures toŁ re-strain those who would disregard these rights, and must execute the penalty of the law upon the offender; and it must do this at once and without mercy. Otherwise civil government would degenerate :into a farce, and anarchy would take the place of law and order in human society. One idea that was emphasized by several speakers at the convention, was that of the immutability of the law of God; and this was presented with particular reference to the Sabbath commandment. As one speaker tersely stated it, "You can't punch holes in the Deca-logue." And yet these very men have punched a hole in the fourth commandment, where it says, "the seventh day is the Sabbath," and have tried to patch it up by putting in words to make it read, "the first day is the Sabbath." Another idea that was made prominent was that one person could not enjoy his right to rest on Sunday without having a law compelling all to rest. As it was stated, "The right of Sabbath rest for one man depends on a law of Sabbath rest for all." But suppose we turn it the other way, and state it from the standpoint of the right of men to work. Men have a right to work on Sunday as well as to rest. Suppose then that those who do not care to rest on Sunday should say, "The right of one man to work on Sunday depends on a law of work for all." Would not this be as fair a, rule as the other? Is the right to rest more sacred than the right to labor? " It's a poor rule that won't work both ways." With very much that was said at this convention, the SENTINEL is in full accord. These men see that great evils are rampant in society; and so do we. They deplore these things and long to see them remedied. So do we. The difference is that they want to apply remedies of human manufacture, which can only make the matter worse, while we say that the remedies applied must be God's remedies; not human enactments en- forced by the power of man, but the law of God enforced by the power of the gospel; not a repressing force work-ing from without, but a quickening power working within, upon the heart. With this introduction we proceed to a condensed report of what was said by the leading speakers, so far as concerns those subjects which are closely related to the National Reform movement for a union of church and state. Dr. D. B. Wilson, speaking of the nation's duty to its new possession•, said:Š "We must aim to make our new possessions Chris-tian States. There has been in those places a union of church and state, and this has been most harmful to both the church and the state. This union of church and state must be broken up. Men of the highest Chris-tian character must be placed in control in those coun-tries. We must have rulers who will not be covetous. They must be a different class from the politicians." Rev. W. I. Wishart dwelt upon the necessity of a quickening of the public conscience. He said that though the picture of the present is a little dark, the prospects for the future are bright. "This nation will yet look upon Him whom they have pierced, and they shall mourn for Him as one mourneth for his only son, and shall be in bitterness for Him, as one who is in bit-terness for his first-born. This country, our nation, will yet do honor to her Lord and King, and Will yet kiss the Son lest he be angry, and we perish from the way." Rev. R. C. Wylie spoke upon "The Christian Princi-ples of National Fundamental law." He said that Christian principles are political as well as Christian. "All the reforms we seek are in the political sphere, and require the action of the state. There are certain Chris-tian prineiples, fundamental to all these reforms, and these principles are also political. There are three sources from which these principles may be learned: first, the constitutional history of the country; second, authors on political science; third, the Scriptures. Our constitutional history began long before the framing of the Constitution, away back when the colonies were planted. The first Colonial Charter, issued by James I., expressed the Christian character and purpose of the colonies, and all these early colonial charters like this one declared the relation of the civilgovernment to God. The same relation is declared in our State Constitu-tions, and also in several decisions of the Supreme Court, notably the 'Christian nation' decision. It is also de-clared in the papers and messages of all the Presidents." Special reference was made to the last Thanksgiving Proclamation issued by President Clevelandt in which he used the expression, "Through the mediation of Him who has taught us to pray." "There is a relationship between Jesus Christ and the nation, and between the Scriptures and the nation." The speaker quoted from several authors on political science to show that states 