THE AMERICAN +;NTIiNT L. 325 irrespective of their religious con:Odious_ or non-convictions. Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts is. a prominent lecturer among this class of religio-polit-ical .enthusiasts. He endeavors to prove - that all amusements on Sunday should be prohibited by law, and claims that this can be done on a purely civil basis. The way-he says it can be done is by asserting that:Sunday amusements are' not only sins against God, but " crimes against man." Now we submit that when, an amusement on Saturday is acknowledged to be a harmless entertainment to mankind, it . will ;be difficult, on a civil basis, to show that it is-  crime on Sunday. There is no law in - logics or physics within the -realms of =civility by which this can be 'shown. ;Such- a thing is impossible. It might as Well be argued that the sun's rays!---  Shining on a certain-,day are detri-: inental to vegetation. Divest Sunday or any Other :day; of its religious .character, and the absurdity of the. claim that harniless amusements, on -that day, are crimes against men, .will at once appear. Did not some regard Sunday religiously, no one would be heard decrying Sunday amusements. This is confirmed by the fact that none but the religiouS, or those cateringIdA'eligious influences, are heard - asking for;  laws to suppress, them. This ,being so, Mr. Crafts's statenient that these things are 'prohibited, or asked to be pro-ibited,, Ł "not because Sunday amuse-, ments are -'regarded by Christians, as sin-is certainly, false. The truth told, this is just the reason the prohibition is asked. . Christians have the same rights in civil !natters as other men; but -they have no-. right whatever to force, by civil measures, their religious Customs and ideas upon those who differ from them on religious questions: They may observe whatever lay they please, and the-Government pro= teas them. in the exercise of their rights, so long as they are civic. But:they. have 'no right, whether in the minority or ma-jority, to institute measures whereby they can force .all to conform to their religious ideas and practices. In other words, they have no right to deprive other men of their rights. Sunday amusements will break up no churches . if the church members stay away from them, which it is their undis-puted privilege to -do. And,  if any of the members persist in attending them, there certainly is no civil law prohibiting the other members from " churching " them. Neither are there any Rtissian laws in this,  country to prevent any church from preaching,' praying, writing, talking, singing; and ,pleading against such -things as sins against God; '! ,but they should remember that sins against God are not within Ł the purview of civil goVernment. If they will read their Bible they will find that God says, "Vengeance is mine, I will repay." The sphere of the Church is moral suasion ; but law in civil matters Means compulsion. When men talk law they talk force; but the great commission of Christ to his diSciples was not, " Go ye into all the world and force men to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you," but to "teach them." The best way we know for Sunday observers to pre-serve that day as the Sabbath, is for them to keep it and teach others to keep it. And there is nothing to prevent them from doing this; but for them to try and preserve it by forcing others to keep it who do not believe in keeping it, at least as they do, is both un-American and un-Christian.Š W. A. Colcord, in Iowa State Register. Łems  The Bible in Our Public Schools. THE following synopsis of a sermon preached at Freehold, N. J., by Rev. W. J. Gill, of Englishtown, is from the Free-hold Transcript:Š " Let everybody read the Bible," said the speakerŠ" thoughtfully, prayerfully, earnestlyŠbut not carelessly, presumptu-ously Š perhaps even brazenly Š in the school room or elsewhere. Do not sec-ularize the sacred volume. Do not lay unworthy hands upon it, nor force it on the unwilling. Righteousness is not im-parted by rule, arbitrarily. But `the righteous shall inherit the earth.' Do not fear that our public schools will be-come godless. The Bible will be read and reverently taught in other ways and all appropriate places. It is the business of the religious world to see that it is,Šof the Christian denomination to carry it into every consenting household, and pop-ularize it in every wise and proper man-ner. The work is theirs and they will do it. They cannot delegate it to the secular, or the sinners, the godless or the alien. Nor should they seek to. Inter-pretation of the inspired word should be committed only to competent, I had al-most said, to consecrated instructors. Cherishing it, and holding it in reverence themselvesŠinterpenetrated and enthused by it, they will teach it in the love of it, and commend it to others because of the beneficent influence it has visibly ex-erted upon their own lives." Mr. Gill premised by saying that he had something to say on what might be termed "State Religion in our Public Schools." " Bible reading," he said, " and prayers in our public schools are a relic of the old State religions. The Puritans of New England, have in the main, the honor of originating our common schools, and with them they established a State religion in these schools as well as in the church; and by extreme severity they enforced conformity so long as they could. The public finally refused to tolerate the Con-gregational Church as the State religion  supported by enforced taxation. The public school is a State institution and therefore its religion is a State religion, a State church. Its minister is the school teacher who is paid by the. State for con-ducting certain specified religious exer-cises and devotions. Now, it is a generally admitted principle in America that religion should be vol- untary, and not imposed by the State, and the support of it enforced by penal legis-lation. That principle demands the ex- tinction of State churches in our public schools. Religious exercises should not be enjoined on the teacher; for if enjoined they are to be paid for by taxation. Therefore let all laws requiring prayers and Bible reading as a religious exercise be repealed. If we are to have a State religion in our public schools we shall always have the poorest religion in the largest quantity, for the religious body which has 'the lowest grade of spiritual life, and the most developed spirit and organization for political action and influence, will have its creatures and adherents most largely in these places, and receive the largest proportion of public money. Thus in proportion to their numbers the Cath-olics are now receiving from five to twenty times as much as the Protestants, all over this country; and they are annually in-creasing that proportion, and anticipate a coming time, not far off, when they shall have all; and nothing else is their aim and demand. In practical meaning and force the Bible is a sectarian book. It is Protestant' and anti-Papal. This the Papists have con-fessed by their hatred and fear of it, and by their steady and cruel persecutions of its readers, for more than a thousand years. Therefore it is not right to force them to hear it read in the public schools and to pay for the reading. Besides, a growing number of these public school teachers of religion are Catholics, and to require them to read the Bible is a species of persecution; and they will read it in such a way and select such passages, as will make a burlesque of the whole affair. The same may be sail of all who have not a true spirit of devotion, and a loving reverence for the sacred book; and very many are lacking here, who are otherwise excellent teachers, They are not educated to be religious, but secular, teachers; and only as secular are they hired, or should be. It is their secular knowledge and ability which determine their grade and standing. And for a bad or irreligious man to be the leader of public worship, is not only absurd and offensive, but delete-rious to religious life and feeling. Next, consider also who it is that usually appoints these teachers Š ' ward politi-cians,' a phrase which has become a syn-onym for what is beneath even the average moral and spiritual worth. These 