568 AMERICAN SENTINEL. THE "American party," as it has just christened it-self, has assembled fifty delegates, representing nine States and one territory, in convention at St. Louis, and has permanently organized for open political woi k. Of course its declaration of faith embodies a strong attack on the Democratic and Republican parties, both of which are denounced as "false to the doctrines and principles of equality and a standing menace to popular government." Language of this sort is usually the accompaniment of the birth of, a new political organization. Such a body must give some raison d'etre. If the political future of the United States be safe in the hands of either of the two great parties who now contend for its mastery, the new-coiner is an intruder, unnecessary and undesirable. BUT our country has gotten along with substantially the same politics, and same party representatives of pol-itics, for more than a century, and gotten along fairly well. Every candid man acknowledges that the purest patriotism is compatible with either thetendency to min-imize Federal authority for which Democracy stands, or the disposition to rely rather on the government of Washington than on the States for the promotion of the general welfare and happiness of the people, which is the inspiring spirit of Republicanism. So long as the battle between these two great conceptions is honestly waged, the citizens are safe.. Nor is there any serious danger that the pendulum will swing too far in either direction, while the people are true to themselves. Centralization reached its climax just after the civil war. A country which so triumphantly emerged from the unprecedented conditions of "reconstruction," with its institutions sub-stantially unimpaired, and throttled "Cmsarism" as it did secession, may count with confidence on its ability to take care of itself. * * * AND the waging of this eternal war between the forces of local self-government and the forces of centralization to which Democracy and Republicanism are devoted is the one great business of Federal politics. All the impor-tant legitimate considerations which enter therein are fairly comprehended in this issue. Other matters are of detailŠeddies on the surface, giving no indication of the general course of either stream, possessing but transient interest, passing and coming with no effect of permanent consequence on the progress of events. * * * IF, then, the two great organizations really exhaust  the possibilities of our national political life, why a new party? Is it gotten up to deal with a matter not legiti-mately within the scope of free American politics? Does it represent au un-American idea which it proposes to carry into effect by un-American methods? There is a hostility to "aliens" discernible in its platform which is strongly suggestive of this notion, and it appears to be held by some who profess to be cognizant of the facts. "The separation of Church and State" is among the things which are called for. But will the new party stand up manfully and sincerely for any such thing? Will it, for instance, denounce the Sunday laws, the employment of public chaplains, the exemption of church property from taxation, the reading of the Bible in the public schools, and all similar outward and visible signs of the inward and intimate union of Church and State which exists in this country today? Ł * THE States are the places to begin this work. Create a healthy rational public opinion in the respective States, so that their statutes and their customs may reflect the absolute and unqualified acceptance of the American doc-trine of separation between Church and State, and the few instances where this principle is violated in the course of our Federal administration will soon disappear of themselves. A more sublime mission for any man or set of men to embark in could not well be conceived. I wish I could believe that there is a prospect of its being as-sumed by disinterested patriots in every county and township of the land. But I see no reason for believing that the St. Louis movement indicates anything of the sort. ONE does not expect uniform scientific accuracy in the utterances of an orator whose main object is to "make a point" for or against some man or thing. Nor is the language of avowed eulogy to be sifted and criti-cised after the method applicable to the definitions of mathematics. And, finally, a bishop may fairly claim some license in the way of hyperbole, which would be gen-erally denied to a mere layman. But these general pro-positions, like most other human words, are subject to so me limitation. I AM moved to the above remark by the fact that at several law school commencements recently held, the chief speaker has seen fit to quote, with apparent or express approval, the famous assertion of good old Bishop Hooker to the effect that law "has her seat in the bosom of God." Taken in connection with the occasions men-tioned, this oft quoted statement is either meaningless, or utterly false, as well as absurd and blasphemous. * * THERE is law which all Christian people regard as the expression of Deity's willŠit is made up of moral pre- 