730 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Blue Laws Used Against Hebrews. THREE CARPENTERS AT ANSONIA FINED FOR WORK-ING ON SUNDAY. New York "Sun." ANSONIA, Conn., Nov. 13.ŠThree Hebrew carpenters from New Haven who are building a dwelling forCharles Leebjesky, in this city, were complained of to the police on Sunday for disturbing the neighborhood by working on the new house. They were arrested, and this morn-ing before Judge Bryant in the City Court they pleaded their own cases. They had intended to plead that having abstained from work on Saturday they had a right to work on Sunday, but after consultation with their friends they abandoned this plan and said that they were engaged in a work of mercy. They were put-ting up the rafters, and as a strong gale was blowing down the river on the bank of which the house stands, they were afraid the rafters would blow over into the street and injure passers-by. Carpenters testified that nothing less than a tornado would blow over the raft-ers and the court fined the men $1 and costs each. This is the first time the old Puritan Sabbath law has ever been enforced here. A LEADING New England journal notes thatŠ - - "Army chaplains who have been ordered to the Phil-ippines are making great efforts to avoid the service. The Washington correspondent of the New York Times tells of Chaplain J. S. Seibold, now stationed at Fort Canby, Wash., who has produced records proving that he was born in 1835 instead of 1838, which was the year of his birth as he had it originally entered on the books of the war department. He thus claims to be old enough to retire. Another chaplain has also succeeded in having the order revoked, and a third is making a strong at-tempt to reach that end. Only one army chaplain has applied for duty in the islands, and he is a Roman Cath-olic priest. "But there can be no insuperable difficulties raised on this score. The war department should draft some of the preachers outside the army who have been so warmly talking of our Christian duty to conquer and kill. There is Rev. Dr. Š Š of Philadelphia, now of Cambridge, we believe, who would shoot the gospel into the Filipinos. He might be ordered to try his hand at it personally.. And there are many othersŠsome of them nearer home." - 4. CONGRESS'S pledge was to leave Cuba to its inhabit-ants as soon as it was "pacified." Cuba is already "pacified," according to the unanimous testimony of the army officers stationed there. If, by the time of holding the national political conventions next sum-mer, Cuba is still ruled by the United States Govern-ment, there will exist presumptive evidence that the Government has no intention of ever letting go.ŠSpring-field Republican. What Lincoln Said. IN answer to our invitation, recently gives, opening the columns of the SENTINEL to members of "reform" organizations whose ideas the SENTINEL condemns, a friend has sent us the following, which we insert, although we had not contemplated a discussion of the subject to which it relates:Š "EDITOR AMERICAN SENTINEL : As I understand your invitation to those who differ with you in reform ideas, to use the columns of the SENTINEL, the ones who have opinions regarding the purposes of the Government in the Philippine Islands are included. "To strengthen your appeals to the readers of your paper against the course being pursued by the Adminis-tration, you cite the words of Lincoln : "No man is good enough to govern another man without that other's consent," etc., and of Washington against foreign entan-glement, as though they were of weight to the present processes of suppressing an insurrection in the Philip-pines. "What Lincoln said was regarding the personal own-ership of one man by another; and if he meant to have it apply to the exercise of military force for governing rebellious sections of a country he made a grave mistake in calling the volunteer regiments which this exemplary ruler poured down upon the people who insisted that they wished to govern themselves. In those days it was considered patriotic to sing: We are coming Father Abraham, 300,000 strong.' "The truth of the matter is, slavery had become a stench in the Divine nostrils, and the prayer of the op-pressed had entered into the ears of the Lord of Armies,. and all the preaching of non combatants, all the prayers of those who deprecated war, did not lead . the Great Ruler from visiting punishment on both the slave-hold-ing portion of this country, and also upon the 'twigs and branches' of those who, for success in manufacturing in-dustries, assented to the slave trade, and to the cruel-ties which equaled any that have been written in the book of history, for any people; I have gathered hun-dreds of records on this subject, and they will hold against anything ever done by cruel men, whether in the religious or other field of persecution. "The system of slavery in this country was not to pass away by peaceful means. Justice demanded the two-edged sword. Like every act of the divine, the blow was struck with precision. "It is not disputed that Spain applied a similar pol-icy to all of heir island possessions, and to describe the effects in one will fairly illustrate the effects of the sys-tem in all. "I found in Puerto Rico that the system of free com-petitive labor had been successfully worked for four cen-turies, part of the time side by side with slavery, and that the ripe fruit of tht system could be studied there. The result of `man's inhumanity to man,' may be briefly told in that of a population of 900,000, fifty thousand persons own all the property on the island, and there are probably several hundred thousand of the people who are so poor that they have never seen so simple an implement as a spoon. They live in rude huts, without furniture, in many cases, sleeping on piles of leaves, and sitting upon the ground to eat their scanty 