11111-6 0 61i,  47.'11 Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas ye-  erson. VOLUME 6. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 19, 1891. NUMBER 8. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY; BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND ST., NEW Yoas. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. Mc KEE. IT is evident that civil government can not, if it would, enforce morality on a moral basis. It takes cognizance of overt actions only. It cannot sway the convic-tions; it cannot reform the conscience; it cannot renew the heart. If it attempts to coerce the conscience, it usurps authority which belongs alone to God, the supreme moral Governor. In its attempts to do so, it may perse-cute, it may make a class of its citizens act the part of hypocrites, but it cannot reach the heart on matters of morality, and much less on those of religion.ŠWatertown (S. D.) Sentinel. AN effort of -more than ordinary magni-tude will be made in the present Legisla-ture to enact a compulsory Sunday law. The American Sabbath Union--an offshoot of the National Reform AssociationŠis at the bottom of the movement, and will leave no means untried to accomplish its end, and that end is the amalgamation of Church and StateŠan idea altogether for-eign to the Constitution of the United States, which guarantees to all the right to worship according to the dictates of their own consciences. To compel people, who do not believe that the first day of the week is the real, genuine, unmistakable Sabbath, to observe that day, is to deprive them of their constitutional right. Is this in accord with the American boast of freedom ? Hardly, we think. Though we were brought up to reverence the first-day Sabbath, we do not feel that we have the right —to force our belief upon others  who hold just as holiest convictions to the contrary. We of California need no Sun-day law. There is no part of the world where religion and religious worship is more highly respected, or better protected than in California. This is as it should be; it is a creditable feature of our State. But when a religious institution, such as this American Sabbath Union, undertakes to dictate what all classesŠthe orderly as well as the disorderlyŠshall do or not do, on any day of the week, it is time to call a halt.ŠAlameda ( Cal.) Encinal. Ł Ł Ł  Self-Preservation and Enforced Loafing. ON account of travelling from the Pacific to the Atlantic, and one third of the way back again, we lost the connection in the numbers of the Christian Statesman by which Mr. Crafts is communicating to the public his wisdom in relation to Sunday laws. Now, however, we have gathered up the copies of the Statesman, have made the connection, and are again ready to notice the points which are of interest to the public, regarding the Sunday-law cam-paign. In number three, of his contributions, Mr. Crafts declares that Our Republic is bound by the laws of self-preser-vation to protect the Sabbath as a weekly opportu-nity for moral culture. There is not a particle of truth in this statement. And for two reasons : one is, that our Republic has nothing to do with moral culture. This Republic is not a moral institution; it is a civil Government. The Republic has no question to ask whether the people are moral or not. All it wants to know is whether they are civil, and its offices are rightly exerted to that purpose and no other. The church and the family are the instrumentalities, and the only ones in this world, .that can have to do with moral culture. And when any plea is made that the State shall enact Sunday laws, or enforce those already enacted, or do anything else in the inter-ests of moral culture, or when the State is asked to do any of these things, it only  works, or is asked to work, in the interests of the Church, and the union of Church and State is the result. So certainly does a union of Church and State inhere in every phase of Sunday laws, and in every plea in their behalf. The other reason is, that this plea for self-preservation, in the way in which it is used, is a fraud. Mr. Crafts, however, is not the only one who is guilty of play-ing this fraudulent trick with words. It is impossible for the State to preserve it-self from supposed dangers which threaten from the delinquencies of a majority of the people. The State is composed of the people. When the majority of the people are doing what they think, or even what they know, to be wrong, laws against such actions are a nullity. The State, practi-cally, is simply the majority of the people. If the majority of the people are doing wrong, and laws are enacted prohibiting the wrong things which they are doing, they being the majority, can disregard the law without fear. And that is what is invariably done in such cases. Such a law, therefore, is not only a nullity, but the general disregard of that law insidu-ously cultivates a disregard of all laws; so that such attempts of the State at self-preservation only carry it farther toward the destruction which it endeavors to es-cape. It is the same old story of the man endeavoring to pull himself out of the quicksands by the straps of his boots. Another evil in all such cases, is that the only use made of the laws so enacted, is by bigots, who use them as a convenient means of venting their spite upon their neighbors. This is precisely the situation in the case of Sunday laws. In a previous article we have given abundant and strong testi-mony in Mr. Crafts's own words that the majority, even of church members, do not observe Sunday as they profess to be-lieve it ought to be observed. Counting these with the people in this country who are not church members, and care even less than the church members do for Sun-day observance; and it is found that the 