TH1 AMEI?TCAN S1 NTTN L. 381 Should Sabbath Observance be Enfor ced by Law? [Continuation of the negative argument, delivered at the an-nual contest of the Philomath and Adelphia Literary Societies of Westminster College, New Wilmington, Pennsylvania, June 24, 1891. by A. L. Russell (Philo.), Bulger, Pad WE will all admit that all men are en-dowed with the God - given right of a chainless body and a fetterless brain, to worship God according to the dictates of conscience. Since that right is not exer-cised in virtue of governmental indul-gence, government can have no control over it. It never gave; how dare it take away? The glory of civil law is not the destruction, but the protection, of liberty; for liberties will clash except when each gives up part for the sake of peace, and this is law. Hence I bow to its majesty and pay homage to its genius. But its realm is civil, and into that realm where power is powerless it should not attempt to go. It will best subserve the purpose of its existence when performing alone its proper functions, To worship God in ac-cordance with the dictates of conscience is a sacred and imprescriptible right of man, so long as that worship does not in-fringe upon the rights of other men. Civil and moral government, separately ordained by God, belong to different realms. Civil government punishes crime alone. Moral government deals solely with sin. Crime pertains to man's rela-tions to man, while sin pertains to man's relations to God. The name civil govern-ment declares its object to be the regula-tion of overt acts only. It can neither recognize, define, nor punish sin. Now Sabbath desecration is sin, and not crime; hence it must follow that civil govern-ment cannot of right legislate in regard to Sabbath observance. Now immoral thoughts, judged by moral law, are im-morality, and are punishable by that law. Hatred is murder; the impure thought, adultery; covetousness, idolatry and rob-bery. But since civil government can not discern these hidden transgressions, it cannot punish them. Yet, in order to enforce morality, civil courts would have to comprehend, define, and punish such immorality and irreligion. This they can not do; hence, such legislation is not the prerogative of civil government. The intent of the civil lawmaker is civil law alone, not moral or religious law. He is to enact the will of the people into law. True. Then why not moral and civil law combined, since both are for the good of the people ? The answer is plain : The people never had such power to dele-gate. God is the only moral governor, his law the only moral law, and the peo- ple can not enforce a moral rule for them-selves without usurping the prerogative of God, and thus becoming a condemned Uzzah, seeking to steady the ark of God. Yet Justice Field says the law should en- force morality. Now as the author, gov-ernor, and interpreter of moral law is the  only means by which men can become moral, so also must the enforcement of morality pertain to God alone. While morality in the hearts of the people is the only guard against vice, it does not follow that the State can define, enforce, or in any way invest it with the sanction of the law. More than once an almighty hand has traced the immutable distinction between moral and civil law. Once, when giving to man the commandments on two tables of stone. Again, under the new dispen-sation, " Render unto Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and unto God the things that are God's." Everybody interprets the word " Ceesar " to mean civil govern-ment. Let us apply the crucial test of Christ : Show me the Sabbath. Whose superscription does it bear? Whose but that of the Most High ? No civil emblem is engraved thereon; render, therefore, unto God the things which are God'sŠnot to Ceesar, not to God under the direc-tion of Ctesar, but to God alone. The affirmative asserted the right of government to enforce morality or reli-gion for the good of the people. If our Government has that right, all govern-ments have the same right. The ex-pressed object of the Roman law was the good of the people and their religion. Having the right to enact, they had the right to enforce. Therefore under his hypothesis no blame can be attached to Rome for persecuting the Christians, nor can those slaughters be called persecution; for the enforcement of right laws can never be persecution. It is not persecu-tion to punish the criminal. He but suf-fers the penalty of violated law. Now if majorities shall rule, the religion of the majority will be the adopted religion; and if civil legislation in religious matters be right, they may force that religion on the minority, and such will not be perse-cution; for the enforcement of right laws cannot be persecution. But it may be objected that our law punishes the violation of some of God's commandments, as murder, robbery, etc. This we deny. These are not punished as violations of the moral law, but as crimes, and hence as violations of the civil law. Says Rev. Mr. Crafts : "The law forbids murder, stealing, adultery, not as offenses against God, but as crimes against man. The law has to do with the rela- tions of men to each other, and not with the relation of men to God." Here the learned divine admits that it is not the prerogative of civil government to enforce religious institutions, and states our posi- tion exactly. Were they enforced as God's law, the truly repentant murderer or robber, being forgiven before God, would be guiltless before the State, and must go free; and were he to repeat the crime and his repentance seventy and seven times, still he should go unwhipt of justice. Manifestly such a basis of civil  law would be the destruction of all law and all government; hence it is not sound policy for the State to attempt to exceed its jurisdiction. The Supreme Court of Ohio says : " United with government, religion never rises above the merest su-perstition; united with religion govern-ment never rises above the merest despot-ism; and all history shows us that the more completely they are separated the better it is for both." The fact is evident that religion has full protection under the laws against disturbances of meetings (and these the American Bar Association says are not Sabbath laws), and painfully realizing that if such laws are upheld at all it must be on human reasons, they claim that they seek the protection of the workingman. The claim asserts that men are compelled to work on the Sabbath, and hence can not secure needed rest. Now ,such a state of affairs exists only in slavery. No man works in our land but of his own free will. Let the foremost advocates of Sab-bath laws testify, and falsify the assertion. Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts says, in his ad-dress on the civil Sabbath, " I have searched the world over in vain for an affirmative answer to the question, ' Did you ever known a man financially ruined by refusing to do Sunday work ? ' I have found scores of instances where conscien-tiousness in the matter led to promotion; none where it led to poverty." A. E. Waffle says, in his $1,000 prize essay on the Lord's day, " Hundreds of inquiries have been made, and no case has been found in which one suffered permanent injury or loss because he refused to work on Sunday." Thus, by their principal advocates, this claim stands convicted of being entirely without foundation. Ł Ł A Well-Grounded Suspicion. THE American Sabbath Union has been threatening for more than a year to in-vade the State of Michigan, and organize it in behalf of their work, but for sc-ne reason, unknown to the writer, they have deferred their action until the present time. One thing, however, is certain; they knew that it was the stronghold of the Seventh-day Adventists, and possibly they deferred visiting that State until their organization was strong enough in other States to give them the amount of courage necessary to face such invete-rate enemies to their work as they hold the Seventh-day Adventists to be. On Monday, Nov. 16, a mass meeting was held in the principal Methodist Epis-copal Church of Jackson, and Rev F. W. Ware of Grand Rapids, the Secretary of the American Sabbath Union for Michi-gan, attempted the first county organiza-tion in the State. Previous to this, how-ever, he had tried to show the citizens of that city the necessity of organizing in behalf of the preservation of the " Ameri- 