296 AMERICAN SENTIINTELI. THERE was a great Roman Catholic jubilee held in this city May 4, 5, the occasion being the twenty-fifth anniversary of Archbishop Corrigan's investiture with the office of bishop. The first day was devoted to the honors conferred upon the papal prelate by the Cath-olic Church; and if the proceedings had stopped here they would have possessed far less of baleful significance. But it was thought that a great ovation might be secured for this Roman ecclesiastic by the citizens of the metrop-olis, both Catholic and ProtestantŠso-called. Accord-ingly, the second day was set apart for this purpose, and the event amply fulfilled the expectation. The Metropol-itan Opera House was filled with the throng that came out to do honor to the representative of a foreign gov-ernment, foreign institutions and principles. The arch-bishop was clothed in the vestments of his ecclesiastical office, and entered arm in arm with Justice Daly, who presided over the meeting. He was followed by Mgr. Martinelli, the papal plenipotentary in America, and by other archbishops, bishops, justices, etc. * * JUSTICE DALY opened with an address, in which he said:Š "It was the pure patriot Archbishop Hughes who laid the foundation of America's greatest cathedral; it was the equally patriotic Cardinal McCloskey who reared its walls and who began the successful work of the paro-chial schools; and it was our archbishop who completed the one, extended the other, and has crowned all the achievements of his predecessors with the magnificent pile that now rests upon Valentine Hill, and which we know as St. Joseph's Seminary. Let me say that this is a dis-tinctly American successŠa monument of our national progress in science and art. [Applause.] "As we look back over the path we have trod in fol-lowing our archbishop we are moved to turn to him and ' say: 'Lead on still further, and we will follow, and this community will sustain you. May strength and joy be yours, and may you round the golden circle of years that brings you to another jubilee, and see our fair land the greater and better for your work." * * * ARomANCATHouc seminary a "monument of our na-tional progress in science and art"! Let us hope that he spoke of it merely from an architectural standpoint. AND at this gathering, which was in the name of American citizenship, this representative of American institutions of government said to this prelate of Rome,. "Lead on still further, and we will follow." It is to be-feared that his words are only too true. But every per-son worthy the name of Protestant will respond, Not I t And no loyal citizen of this nation will follow, as a citi-zen, where any ecclesiastic, Catholic or otherwise, may lead. AN archbishop, or any other church dignitary, Cath-olic or Protestant, is an ecclesiastic under all circum-stances so long as he continues true to his office. He cannot be considered as a citizen, apart from the religious office which he holds. His citizenship only serves to unite, in himself, the state and the church. While men may make such a distinction in theory, it does not exist in fact. The idea that a Catholic archbishop, or any other ecclesiastic whose time and energies are occupied by the duties of his office, is working for the nation sep-arate and apart from the church, is simply ridiculous. If he does anything which he believes to be for the interests of the nation, it is simply that he may thereby serve some end of his church. The church is first with him, and the state comes in secondarily, and incidentally to the church. This must be so with every ecclesiastic who is true to his calling; and there can be no serious doubt that it is true in the case of the archbishop of New York. And therefore the honors paid to him "as a citizen" by Protestant and other citizens of this city, were actually paid to him as an ecclesiastic; and upon analysis the whole proceeding clearly resolves into a tribute from the American state to the papal church. * THAT the papal church is pleased to receive such trib-utes, is a fact of which few intelligent people need to be told. * * AMONG other speeches of adulation that were made before the archbishop, was one by the noted politician,.  Mr. Bourke Cochran, in which he 'took occasion to deny that in this country church and state are divorced. They are not, he said, and cannot be. "No,the church and the-state cannot be separated. The Christian state is the child of the Christian Church." And as the child should be guided and controlled by its parent, so, of course, must the "Christian state" be guided and controlled by the "Christian [Catholic] church"; the American Repub-lic must be controlled by the papacy,Šunless the "Chris-tian church" means to abandon her offspring, which we may rest assured, in this case, she does not. MR. COCHRAN is right; if there is a "Christian state" it must be the child of the "Christian church." And it being asserted by Protestants even more than by Catho-lics that this is a "Christian state," it is incumbent upon both parties to settle the question of its parentage; in 