776 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "We got it from the commandments of God; for the sixth commandment says, 'Thou shalt not kill.' As Christians are not allowed under any circumstances to kill a man, we consider it wicked. To us all men are brothers." "LORD, LORD," exclaimed the moral-reform-by law advocate as he stood before the closed door of the Mas-ter's wedding feast, "I have not only kept Sunday my-self, but I have made other people keep it too!" But his Lord replied, "I never knew you, your Sabbath, nor your gospel of force. Depart from me." Education and Good Government. THE Minneapolis (Minn.) Times, discussing the ques_ tion of patriotism in the public schools,says that "every child should be taught that the chief mission of the pub-lic schools is to educate American citizens to an intelli-gent discharge of their grave and responsible duties, and adds:Š "But if the public schools are to do thisŠand we see there is no other reason for their existenceŠthey must do more than raise flags. They must make the duties of citizenship the chief feature of their curriculum for all pupils who have advanced beyond the acquirement of the merest rudiments of an English education. The chil-dren should not only be taught something of our history but a good deal about our system of government. They should be taught the distinction between federal and state governments, where the power of the one ends and the other begins; they should be given an intelligent no-tion of municipal government, including the township, county, and city, and they should be given practical les-sons in depositing the ballot, so that when at the age of twenty-one they graduate into citizenship they may be able to at least deposit their own ballots without requir-ing the assistance of a ward heeler." But why not go back to the beginning and teach the children something about the foundation principles of free government? Why not teach them that theyŠand all othersŠpossess certain unalienable rights; that to preserve these is the only proper purpose of government; and that respect for the rights of those around them con-stitutes the best evidence of their fitness to be entrusted with the duties of citizenship. There are "educated" men in all parties,Šmen who understand "the distinction between federal and state governments," and know all about municipal govern-ment and how to deposit their ballots without assist-ance; but bad government prevails in spite of it all. In all parties the educated man and the ignorant man vote the same ticket; in each one intelligence and ignorance go side by side, and often hand in hand. The state po-litical boss is always a man of education and "intelli-gence." But he is not a man who has respect for the principles of free government. In his practice he repudi-ates the Constitution and the Declaration of Indepen_ deuce. The intelligence that counts for good government is that which comprehends the proper purpose of civil gov-ernment and prizes civil and religious freedom; and that not only for one's self, but for all others. But such an education is beyond the power of mere secular teaching to supply. It demands that love of right and justice which can be supplied only from above. The principles of free government are gospel princi-ples; and only through the gospel is the ideal of such government to be attained. Echoes from the Southern Hemisphere. BY JOHN MCCARTHY. THE City of Rosario, Provincia Santa Fe, Argentine Republic, was visited on the 9th of this month (October) by the Roman Catholic bishop, Dr. Bones. The streets were splendidly adorned in honor of his visit, and bands of music were waiting his arrival at the station. Among the many written mottoes, and inscriptions stretched from one side of the street to the other, was one which said, "Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord." Thus we see the propensity of the human heart is to exalt man, even unto the place which should be occupied by the Saviour of mankind only. UPON the 21st of August last, the first Evangelical meeting was held in Puerto Rico. Many attempts had previously been made to establish Protestant worship there; but up till now these had never met with success. We believe the day is dawning for Puerto Rico, and that soon the gospel rays of truth will illuminate many pre-cious souls there, who are now in error's night. ABOUT fifteen years ago, when General Roca occupied the presidential chair in Buenos Aires, he was compelled by force of circumstances to return to the papal nuncio, Bishop Mattera, his credentials and passports. The lat-ter had made himself obnoxious to the country by con-tinually throwing impediments in the way of every re-form that was introduced; and by threatenings of ex-communication, sought to intimidate the members of congress and prevent the enactment of liberal laws in opposition to the will of the Catholic Church. Since that time General Roca has been looked upon as a very diso-bedient child, by the pope of Rome, and by some it is said he has been cursed in Rome by the bell, book, and candle. However, for the space of fourteen or fifteen years, no papal nuncio has taken up residence here to represent the pope before this government. Nevertheless it is now well known that much communication is taking place between the Argentine Minister of Foreign Affairs and the Vatican, with the object of again establishing diplomatic relations with the pope. RECENTLY the Church of England Missionary Society has sent a medical missionary, with several medical students, in their third and fourth year, and three evan- 