642 THE' SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. transmitted; for with life God gave to men and,  women the 'power to transmit life to offspring. For this purpose God ordained the marriage relation. But though ordained.of God this relation is nevertheless dependent upon the consent of the parties to it. But the power to transmit life, to bring into existence morally accountable beings made in the image of God, exists independently of the'  God-ordained limitations put upon its exercise by the Divine Being himself; and everybody knows something at least of how shamefully that power is misused, and that by this misuse God-given life is transmitted to beings that, but for' the violation of the divine law, would never have an existence. The powers of 'government like the power to transmit life were ordained of God in the very con-stitution of the human, fainily. These powers God ordained when he made ,man. They were written in every fiber of the race, and though so shamefully misused, God suffers them to remain and to be exer-cised by men at will, subject, only to the laws of hu-man existence and to the overruling providence 'of the Creator. It has been teury said that he alone is fit to goV'-ernothers who knows how to govern himself. This faculty of self-government, self-control, was given to man in the beginning, and it is the foundation Of all just government, for no" man has a shadow of right to impose upon.  another any restriction to which he himself is unwilling to submit. The faculty of self-government or self-control implanted in man by the Creator leads Men to set bounds for themselves which they may not pass to trespass" upon the rights of Others. Persistent dis-regard of these rights by those who will not, govern themselves leads naturally to coercion, so far as is necessary for the protection of the common rights of all. And to this even the lawless on es consent by as-serting for themselves theghts which by their lawless-ness they deny, to others. Such, is the government ordained of God, for it is the government 'which naturally grows out of the very na-ture of man. Arbitrary, despotic government stands in exactly the, same relation to this God-ordained exercise of governmental powers that the wanton, lustful, use of the God-otdained power of reproduc-tion does to the God-ordained exercise of that God-ordained power. Governments derive their just powers front the consent of the governed or-from the'Peoplei not be- cause governmental power is. nOt of God, but' be-cause, first of all, God vested this power not in the man-made thing which we call " the government," but in the peopleŠthat is, in the individual, ' The people then delegate to their own creatureŠto the'  governnient of their own makingŠsuch power as they see fit. The government has 'no just powers and can have no just powers that the people did not have ,as individuals before they made the govern-ment. The text relied upon to prove the divine right of governments apart from the people, and consequently the divine right of king.s, does not speak of men in power, but of power vested in men. It speaks not of fear-ing men, but of fearing power, and warns against re-sisting that power because it (the power) is ordained of God. For this reason, because it is ordained of God, "whosoever resisteth the power resisteth the ordinance of God." And this One can do just as well where no organized government exists as under the best civil system ever devised by men. The Bed-ouin: who in the heart of the Sahara strikes down and robs the traveler, as truly resists the God:ot-dained power of government as does the thug who plies his nefarious vocation in the most populous city. Only tyranny fears to leave the:power of govern-, ment with the people; where Gods  placed it in the beginning, and only tyrants care to deny that the only divine right civil government has cofues, to it through the people, and that it is held subject to the will of the people and the demands of justice, and not independently of the people or of justice. As the individual has no divine warrant far doing injustice, so the government can, have no such war= rant; therefore our fathers were right 'in claiming for the colonies only " full power," to do all "acts and things ,which independent' states may of right do." For since the individual ' has no right to do a wrong the creature of the individual 'certainly can have no such right, for' the people can confer only such powers as they possess. THE possession of natural endowments greater than those of other men is 'not a warrant for im-posing upon them and depriving them of the bene-fits of the little that they have. On the contrary; it is, an obligation to help them add to and multiply tlie few talents that they possess. 