134 Trio AMERICAN SENTINEL; law as will authorize legislation to control men's conduct to that extent which would destroy relig-ious liberty and freedom of conscience, which we now regard as our most sacred natural right. From whence comes this demand for greater power to legislate upon questions of morality and religion ? It is believed to have its origin in the old spirit of intolerance, or in unrestrained relig-ious enthusiasm. We are accustomed to think that the age of persecution and intolerance in the name of religion has passed. We know that in our own country men have been tortured, perse-cuted, and banished for no other offense than that in religious belief they differed with the majority. But that time, we say, has happily passed. But has it in fact entirely passed away ? may we not yet trace the evidences of the same spirit in matters of religious belief and practice among our people to-day? It is undeniable that the same spirit does yet exist among the people, and it is neither diffi-cult to discover or trace to its logical results as a motive to action. There are vastly more people than commonly believed . who would be glad to enforce acquiescence in their own religious opin-ions by law. No observing person can doubt that there are many good people in every community who would feel especially favored if they were privileged to prohibit our comfortable enjoyment of the Sabbath, our newspaper, and perhaps our comfortable Sunday dinner, and would feel special delight in depriving us of tobacco ; they would be glad to regulate our conduct in many ways ac- cording to their own standard. Then we have in every community the other lass whom we speak of without irreverence, or disrespect. They are the religious enthusiasts, without balance of judgment. These are the worms of the dust, who are only here temporarily. With this class all joy and merriment is frivolity and worldliness. They do not see how one can be joyous and happy when there is so much wickedness and sin in the world. These are the people who expect God in some mysterious way to pay their rent. They go into business with-out capital and trust the Lord to interpose his providence in some way to pay their debts and give them success. They would minister the con-solation of religion to the starving, and would not think to relieve the suffering with bread. With this class there is nothing in this world calling to duty, or for man's serious consideration, except the church and its agencies. They express their readiness and anxiety to, leave this wicked world at any hour, and they do not understand why the good doctor smiles when they appear among the first to be vaccinated. They are good people in their way, well meaning and sincere; but they misconceive their true relations to human society. It would pain them exceedingly to realize that they were a real hindrance in the great work of the church, but if the fact may be stated with-out disrespect, they are. This class of our good people are in favor of the Constitutional Amend-ment, and they are the class who most earnestly press their demands for advanced legislation regulating men's moral conduct beyond the line now permitted by our organic laws. This class of good people, and those in whom dwells the old spirit of intolerance, constitute largely, it is believed, the moving cause which has influenced the agitation and demand for constitutional amendment of the character under discussion. Having seen that a change in our National Constitution is essentially necessary, as claimed by the advocae§ 9f,apeOrtrA4 befgr9 valid loan On  be passed to regulate human conduct in accord-ance with the Christian religion, it becomes an inter-esting subject of inquiry whether such advanced laws are, desirable, and whether they are consistent with the natural rights of men, and whether such a change as would necessarily result in our system of government would be of advantage or other-wise. This suggests an examination of the theory of government upon which our present Constitu-tion is based, and the theory upon which the proposed amendment would place it, so far as re-lated to the subject under discussion.-Hon. John L. .Rupe, Richmond, Ind. Sectarian Appropriations. THE total amount of taxes to be levied in this *city for the current year is $33,800,000, and of this amount $13,000,000 go for State purposes, and $20,800,000 are used to defray municipal expenses. The sum of $1,142,232.61 is appro-priated to charitable and benevolent institutions in this city, which, being classified according to their characters, as public, private, Protestant, Roman Catholic, and Jewish, are receiving aid from the funds of the city as follows NON-SECTARIAN, PUBLIC INSTITUTIONS. New York Asylum for Idiots  $ 972 00 Hudson River State Hospital  7,957 20 New York Institution for the Blind  8,750 00 New York Institution for the Instruction of the Deaf and Dumb  15,750 00 New York Juvenile Asylum  112,500 00 New York State Lunatic Asylum  1,200 00 State Asylum for Insane Criminals, Au- burn  5,895 68 Total  $153,124 88 NON-SECTARIAN, PRIVATE INSTITUTIONS. American Female Guardian Society  $ 25,000 00 Children's Aid Society  70,000 00 Institution for Improved Instruction of Deaf Mutes  17,080 00 New York Infant Asylum  90,297 50 New York Infirmary for Women and Children  4,500 00 New York Society for the Relief of the Ruptured and Crippled  26,250 00 Nursery and Child's Hospital  110,000 00 State Homeopathic Asylum for the In- sane  3,000 00 Five Points House of Industry  10,400 00 New York Magdalen Benevolent Asylum and Home for Fallen Women  440 00 Total  $356,967 50 SECTARIAN, PROTESTANT EPISCOPAL. The Children's Fold of the City of New York  $ 17,680 00 Protestant Episcopal House of Mercy  9,134 63 The Shepherd's Fold of the Protestant Episcopal Church in the State of New York  5,000 00 Total  $ 31,814 63 SECTARIAN, ROMAN CATHOLIC  Association for Befriending Children and Young Girls  $ 7,280 00 St. Joseph's Institution for the Improved Instruction of Deaf Mutes  20,700 00 Foundling Asylum of the Sisters of Char- ity  252,345 60 New York Catholic Protectory  254,000 00 Roman Catholic House of the Good Shepherd  6,000 00 Total  $540,325 60 SECTARIAN, JEWISH. Hebrew Benevolent Society of the City of New York .... $60,000 00 Grand Total  $1,142,232 61 Non-sectarian $510,092 38 Sectarian 632,130 23 From these figures it appears that the Protest-ant Episcopal Church in this city will, from the city treasury, during the current year, receive the sum of $31,814.63 for the support of chari-table institutions under its special direction, in which the religious tenets of that church are Welt; Illat Ikte,g44443440%,4024 vitr vvia get the sum of $549,325.60 from the same source to aid them in supporting their charitable and sectarian institutions; and that the Jews will, from the same source, get $60,000 for a like pur-pose. The aggregate of these several sums, dis-tributed among the three mentioned religious sects, is $632,130.23, of which the Catholics will get the lion's share, while the aggregate expended for non-sectarian, charities under the control and management of theicity government is $510,092.-28. More than half of the whole sum appropri-ated for charitable and benevolent institutions will go to institutions originated and managed by religious sects, in which their peculiar religious tenets are taught. Such, in plain words, is the exhibit which these figures present to the tax-payers of this city. We have no objections that Catholics, Episco-palians, Presbyterians, Congregationalists, Jews, and even infidels, should organize as many pri-vate charities as they choose, and in the same teach their own religious tenets, provided always that they will be content to foot the bills thereof out of their own funds. This is their unquestion-able right. But when religious sects seek to use the funds raised by general taxation for the sup-port of their sectarian charities, either in whole or in part, then they in effect ask the people, through the system of compulsory taxation, to aid them in their work of special religious propagandism. To this we do most decidedly object, and would not appropriate a single dollar of public money for any such purpose. Every dollar thus appropri-ated in aid of a private sectarian charity, or in aid of a private sectarian school for the educa-tion of children, is misused and diverted from the purpose for which it was raised by taxation. The fundamental principle of our institutions is that the friends of religion must pay its bills by volun-tary contributions, and that the public money shall be used only for purposes in which all the people have a common interest. To compel a taxpayer to help support Cathol-icism, whether he wishes to do so or not, by us-ing for this purpose a part of the money collected from him as a tax, is to him a gross injustice. This injustice is avoided only by leaving all the religious sects to pay all the bills of their special propagandism. There should be no departure from this rule in a solitary instance or to the amount of a dollar.-N. Y. Independent, Jan-uary 10, 1889. Ł 'Ł WE notice considerable agitation in regard to the Blair Educational Amendment. This should certainly be carefully discussed by the American people. The provision of the second section, for the maintenance in each State of free schools, in which the " principles of the Christian religion " shall be taught, is not in accord with the prin-ciples of American Government. While it may be well enough to class this as a Christian court- try, the establishment of a Christian Government is quite another thing. Many of our best citizens are not adherents of the Christian religion, the believers in the Hebraic and other doctrines numbering millions: Again, the establishment by law of "the Christian religion " would neces-sitate the definition by law of what is the Chris-tian religion. The range from Catholicism, Pres-byterianism, and like creeds, to Universalism and other beliefs even more liberal, is great, and it would be hard to make a general definition that would not work a hardship upon some denomi-nation of even those who profess to be followers of Christ. This Nation cannot afford to take a step that so manifestly points to ultimate the- A,Pgrgyor4iogh, 4,10.41 Ofgapri) ,j441dican. 