"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT." Jesus Christ. VOLUME 14. NEW YORK, APRIL 27, 1899. NUMBER 17. Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional. garAny one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay fork. (Entered at the New York Postoffice.) "THE revealed will of God" is a phrase often used to conceal the will of a bigot. ot THE true religion wants nothing which it is in the power of the civil authority to give. STEEL and lead are not good conductors for an outflowing current of Christian benevolence. .4 .4 SOCIETY cannot elevate or reform itself any more than a machine can create power to run itself. .4 .4 THE truly "Christian conscience" seeks not to have men punished for their sins, but saved from them. .4 .4 THE saloon may be induced to keep Sunday, but this will be very doubtful honor for the "Sabbath." ot THE doctrine of imperialism assumes the people of foreign lands to be guilty until they are proved innocent, incapable until they are proved capable. oe THE Christian Church wants no help from the State any more than a steamship wants help from the ocean. For the State to get into the Church is as bad as for the ocean to get into the ship. THE Bible in the one hand of civilization, will not induce the heathen to come near the sword in the other hand. THE poorest conception of God and his government to be drawn from any source, is that derived from efforts made to enforce God's law by human tribunals. "Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work; but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God," says the law of the Creator. Where does the "civil Sab-bath" come in here? THE way to lift society out of the mire of moral de-generacy is not by piling upon it more legislation and new "reform" organizations. Society has enough of these already. What the reform cause wants is not more machinery but more steam. What Evangelist Moody Says on the Question. EVANGELIST D. L. MOODY does not agree with the clergymen who are preaching reform by "Christian citi-zenship" and similar theories. We hear it said every-where now that the great need of the church is to secure the alliance of the State. In Pittsburg, for example, a federation of the churches has secured an alliance with a great labor organization, by which achievement it is thought an important step has been taken toward the overthrow of the kingdom of evil and the setting up of righteousness in the earth, or at least in that portion of it. The system only needs to be extended to produce general righteousness in society and government, and it is proposed to extend it; for as one speaker said, "We are going to have one vast confederacy and federation;" and then "Woe to him who stands up against it." But Evangelist Moody takes no stock in anything of 