THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 29 as a sacrament; and the Roman Catholics and others still so consider it. "Marriage," declares that church, " is purely religious. But we alone are the possessors and guard-ians of the true religion. Hence, all mar-riages not sanctioned by the church are void." And, as a recent writer says, "this is the logical and inevitable conclusion to which they arrive, upon the assumption that marriage is a religious institution or sacrament. This conclusion, with all its disaStrous consequences, is embodied in "a formal decree by the Catholic Church. (See a record of the decrees of the Council of Trent; November, 1563.) " This theory, however, was one of those which. the Reformation caused to be seen in a different light. The idea that it was an institution of the true religion exclu-sively was seen to be absurd, for it is an institution that exists in every nation under the sun. And that it ,is simply an agreement between two parties is evident from the fact that that was all that, was possible in the case of the first parents of mankind. This very illustration was used in tile leading case on this question, that of Dalryinple vs. Dalrymple, 4 English Ecc'lesiastical Reports, 485, the decision , being written by Lord Stbwell, one of En-gland's most diStinguished judges: In that decision Lord Stowell says :Š Marriage, in ,its origin, is a contract of natural law. It may, exist between two individuals of differ-ent sexes, although no third person existed in the world, as happened in the case of the common an-cestors of mankind. It is the parent, not the child, of civil society. In civil society it becomes a civil contract, regulated and prescribed by law, and en-dowed with civil consequences. . . . It was natural that such a contract should, under the re-ligious system which prevailed in Europe, fall under ecclesiastical notice and cognizance with respect both to its theological and its legal construction, though, it is not unworthy of remark that amidst the manifold ritual provisions made by the divine Lawgiver of theJews for various offices and transac-tions of life, there 0 no ceremony prescribed for the celebration of marriage. . . . At the Reformation this country disclaimed, among other opinions of the Romish Church, the doctrine of a sacrament in marriage, though still retaining tile idea of its being of divine institution, in its gen-eral origin;, and on that account, as well as of the religious forms that were prescribed for its regular celebration as an holy estate, holy matrimony; but it likewise retained those rules of the canon law which had their foundation, not in the sacrament or in any religious view of the subject, but in the natural and civil contract of marriage. This view is the one that is held univer-sally in ihis country, and is now regarded as a 'firmly established American prin- ciple. W. A. BLAKELY. University of Michigan. IT must must be recollected that in the earli-est settlement of this country, the spirit of persecution which drove the Pilgrims from their native home was brought with them to their new habitations, and that some Christians were scourged, and others put to death, for no other crime than dis-senting from the dogmas of their rulers.ŠCa Richard M. Johnson. Something to Think About. ST. AUGUSTINE once said : " It is indeed better that men should be brought to serve God by instructions than by fear of pain and being punished, but because the former is better the latter must not be neglected." And it r  would seem that a great many religious people at the present time are of the same opinion. For in- stance, a bill is before Congress for the purpose of amending the United States Constitution, that God may be recognized in that instrument; another to enforce Sunday observanceŠor the American Sab-bath as it is called by someŠas though the Sabbath was peculiarly American and did not have its birth in Eden be-fore America was ever thought of ; still another bill to enforce the observance of Sunday in the District of Columbia; and last the Edmunds bill for a national uni-versity, where we would presume from the bill, religion in its multifarious forms is to be consolidated and thus promulgated. The Woman's Christian Temperance Union has to a certain extent stopped temper-ance work to cry for religious legislation. Several organizations have been formed with that as their main object, and the Young Mens' Christian Associations have, in some places, committed themselves to this fascinating role of making a country religious by law. Congress is being flooded with petitions 'in support of the various means proposed; and now a body of minis-ters in Chicago have decided that the Co-lumbian Exposition must be closed on Sun-day because laboring men must have a day of rest, and it is important that Chi-cago should be a model in this respect to our Sabbath-breaking European friends who may come to visit us in 1893. Now this all seems like a joke in a coun-try like ours, the last especially. One would think Chicago the last city in the Union to take as a model to show Euro-peans haw to behave on Sunday. But perhaps they imagine our foreign friends are accustomed to saloons, gambling, and drunkards, and will be so absorbed in medi-tating on the righteousness of closing the Fair so people will have a chance to go to church, that they will be oblivious of Chicago's " attributes." But I am com-pelled to believe otherwise. We also be-lieve that the laboring men as well as the visitors, who do not go to church, would be far better off attending the Exposition on Shnday than aimlessly roaming the streets on which are so many inducements to " yield to temptation." Our friends start at the wrong end. They want to re-form the Fair to reform the people. It would be more logical, as well as being more in accord with their profession as Christian ambassadors, to reform the peo-ple, and let the Fair take care of itself. Christ and his apostles spent their lives trying to induce men to voluntarily put their trust in the Saviour and be saved by  faith in his redeeming blood, at the same time submitting meekly to the Govern-ment. But many Christians seem to think that they have discovered an improvement on Christ's methods, and one that will ad-vance their cause faster than he ever thought of, that is, to make Christians by law. It is to be hoped, however, that these good people will come to a realizing sense of the fact that this country is better to remain under a civil Government than to retrograde several hundred years and go under church rule. In Japan petitions are circulated in opposition to the Chris-tian religion, and we condemn the action as heathen, but in this country petitions are circulated to induce legislation in favor of the Christian religion, and it is commended. The difference in the two is not so great as at first appears. The policy of each is destructive of religious freedom. ŠJ. M. Stoneman, in Mapleton, Minne-sota, Enterprise. The Progress of Religious Freedom in Brazil. THE people of the United States have be-come so accustomed to religious freedom, and it is so much a part of their life, that they fail to understand the spirit of intol-erance which exists in other parts of what is known as "free America." All who live to the south of us have Governments which are like ours in form, but the spirit which pervades them is different. The Latin and Anglo-Saxon races have been trained in  different schools, and they do not have the same conceptions of liberty. From colonial times the people of South Amer-ica have had what is called paternal gov-ernment. Though some things can be said in its favor, it is not the kind of gov-ernment which begets an independent, spirit in the people. Those who governed cared not for the "will of the people," but sought to carry out those measures and ideas in government which, in their opin-ion, were for the highest good of the peo-ple. Accepting the intolerant claims and teachings of the Papacy, they thought it necessary for the highest good of the peo-ple to train them in the Romish Church. To encourage in any way the propaga-tion of " heresies " was to foment discord and trouble. Reasoning in this way, those who were in authority were led to perse-cute Protestants in colonial times and only to tolerate them both under the empire in Brazil and in all the Spanish republics. The power which inaugurated the Span-ish Inquisition and the spirit which moved it had not entirely spent their force. The same feeling which was dom-inant among the Latin people of Europe during the sixteenth and seventeenth cen-turies still exists in the Romish priest-hood of South America. It is the feeling that Protestants have no rights which Romanists are bound to respect, and that 