AMERICAN SENTINEL,. 3 The Religious State. NOBODY in this country is, professedly, in favor of a union of church and state; but there are a great many people here who say that the state ought to be reli-°ionsŁ But how is the state to be religious without favoring a church? And what attitude will the church maintain toward the state when the latter professes religion? Will the church stand off and forbid the state to come within her fold? How would it look for the Christian church to forbid a Christian to unite with her? When therefore the state becomes Christian, how can the Christian church consistently close her doors against the state? The Proper Thing. A CONTRIBUTOR to the Christian Herald a short time ago, writing from Washington, D. C., a historical and de-scriptive sketch of the church Which President McKinley attends, took occasion to state as though it were a very remarkable thing, that when at church Mr. McKinley partakes of the communion, kneeling at the altar "with the humblest member" of the congregation. Why this should be considered by anybody as re-markable, is the point to which we would call attention. As .a church member he who is the president, is but plain William McKinley. And as a church-member there is no distinction, in standing, between him and the humblest member. The only thing that could consistently be ex-pected, then, is just what was seen, that in his place as a church-member he should receive the communion with the humblest member. But what is really expected by entirely too large a class of people is that when a church-member is elected resident of the United States, or is chosen to some other position in -the state or nation, he shall carry with him in the exercise of his privileges of church-membership all the distinction, dignity, and officialism that attaches to him as an officer of the state. Therefore they expect a governor of a State to be a governor in church and as a church member, and to be addressed as "Governor" by his church brethren; a judge of a court, they expect to be a judge in church as a church member, and to be addressed as "Judge" by his church brethren; and a president of the United States, they expect to be president in his place in church as a church-member, and to be addressed as "Mr. President" or "Your Excellency" by his church brethren. But this is altogether a mistake. It is nothing else than that insidious ever-lurking spirit of the union of church and state that is always begging for permission to manifest itself. No; though in the White House, or in the Capitol, or as commander-in-chief of the army and navy of the United States, William McKinley'is "Mr.  President" or "Your Excellency;" yet in his place in church as a church member, he is only plain "Brother McKinley." The country is to be congratulated in that Brother McKinley recognizes this vital difference and so disap-points the aristocratic expectations of spectators, by kneeling at the altar and receiving the communion "with the humblest member." A. T. J. 0- 40 -4 -4-- Loyalty to Country. THE Boulder (Col.) News thinks that we do not be-lieve in loyalty to the country in which we live, and as regards such loyalty says:Š "Being loyal does not mean that one must go to war whenever the call comes or that he must indorse all the abuses that may exist, or bad laws that may be enacted. He may devote himself to the country by removing those abuses, securing the change or repeal of bad laws, or in any way than he thinks would better the condition of the people." This is true; and we never meant to be understood as advocating anything to the contrary. This is the loy-alty we believe in exactly. He who is loyal to God will be loyal to his fellow men; and this means loyalty to country in the best and truest sense. 0- 0 -4 -{ HAVE you renewed your subscription to the SENTI-NEL? If not, will you not do so to-day? 4- 0- 0 -4 -4- That Flag Salute. WE did not imagine, when we devoted some space to the subject of the flag salute in our issue of November 25, that we were considering anything more than a local issue. But we were not long in discovering that we had touched a chord which awoke responsive echoes all over the country. This is very significant. The flag salute is neither local nor accidental. The Boulder incident is but the outcropping of an influence that is at work all through the land. Since noticing that, the news comes that the same salute is being practiced in the Iowa State Normal school, where the young people are trained in the art of teaching, the design being that the graduates as they go out to teach shall introduce the salute in their respective schools. In Pennsylvania the same influence is at work, and experiences similar to those in Boulder have already occurred. Thus the forces are gathering for an attack upon the principles of religious freedom in the public schools; and this will bring the test of loyalty to princi-ple right home to parents everywhere., They will not need to wait till they shall be brought before the courts for breaking Sunday. But who knew that all this was brewing in our midst? 