17.1411,7' SENTIN RE. 111 journal, or periodical, and whoever shall on the Lord's day engage in the sale, distribution, or cir- culation of any newspaper, journal, or periodical printing published on that day, shall be deemed to be guilty of a misdemeanor; provided, however, that necessary office work may be performed after nine o'clock in the evening of the Lord's day, for the purpose of facilitating the publication of the Monday morning issue of any daily newspaper. 2. No canal belonging to Canada shall be open for traffic or business on the Lord's day, between the hours of six in the morning and ten in the even-ing; but this provision may be set aside by Order in Council after the fifteenth day of October in each year. 3. Any railway superintendent, traffic manager, or person, by virtue of whose authority and com-mand. railway cars or trains are on the Lord's day loaded at any railway station in Canada, or des-patched from such station when loaded, or permit-ted to continue a journey (except in the case of live stock and perishable goods) with Canadian local freight,Šor any person, as aforesaid, who directs local passenger trains to be run on the Lord's day (except one milk train on each road, and such special trains as are necessary for the purpose of conveying medical aid and means of relief in cases of accident, or to persons injured or afflicted with sickness, or of conveying persons to visit dying re-lations, or for the purpose of conveying the means for extinguishing fire to places requiring such as-sistance, or for other acts of necessity and mercy), or directs empty cars to be moved from station to station within the territory of Canada, Šshall be deemed to be guilty of a misdemeanor ; but through passenger trains each way, with their necessary connections, shall be permitted on any trunk line of Canada. At such time as the laws of the United States shall make corresponding provision, no through freight in transit from one point on the frontier of the United States to some other point on the said frontier, shall be allowed to pass over Canadian. roads on the Lord's day, except live stock and per-ishable goods. 4. Excursions on the Lord's day by steamboats plying for hire, or by railway, or in part by steam-boat and in part by railway, and having for their only or principal object the carriage of passengers for amusement or pleasure, and to go and return the same day by the same steamboat or railway or any other owned by the same person or company, shall not be deemed a lawful conveying of passen-gers within the meaning of this Act; and the owner, superintendent, or person, by virtue of whose authority and direction such excursion is permitted or ordered on the Lord's day, shall be deemed. to be guilty of a misdemeanor; Providing that nothing in this section shall be deemed to pro-hibit the ordinary carriage of passengers authorized by provincial statute. 5. Any person guilty of any offense declared in section one of this Act to be a misde-meanor, shall, on summary conviction, be liable to a fine not exceeding fifty dollars for the first of-fense, and not exceeding one hundred dollars for each subsequent offense, together with the costs,Šand in default of immediate payment of such fine and costs, to imprisonment for a term not exceed- ing months. .6 Any person guilty of any offense declared in sections three and four of this Act to be a misde-meanor, shall, on summary conviction, be liable to a fine not exceeding one hundred dollars for the first offense, and not exceeding two hundred dol-lars for each subsequent offense, together with the costs,Š and in default of immediate payment of such fine and costs, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding months, 7. All sums of money awarded or imposed as fines or penalties by virtue of this Act shall be paid as follows, that is to ray: one moiety thereof f hall be paid to the party charging and prosecuting the offense, and the other moiety to the treasurer of the county or city wherein the offense was com-mitted, to be by him accounted for in the same manner as other moneys deposited with, or paid over to him. 8. No prosecution under this Act shall be com-menced unless within one month after the commis-sion of the offense charged. 9. This Act shall not extend to the people called Indians, when it conflicts with their tribal customs or rights. REV. BISHOP NEWMAN, vice-president of the American Sabbath Union, has made arrangements for a grand mass meeting under the auspices of the Union, on May 15, at Omaha, Nebraska, during the session of the annual conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church in that city. CIVIL laws to enforce religion can not be just. DO YOU USE A FOUNTAIN PEN? THEY YOU NEED THE COMBINED INK-BOTTLE AND PEN FILLER, Consisting of a bottle holding ink sufficient to fill a pen eight or ten times, with a patent rubber cork and filler, all inclosed in a neat wooden case with a screw top, making the safest, most complete, com-pact, and convenient article for the use of traveling men and others now extant. When filled with ink it weighs less than three ounces. Imitation Rosewood case, 25 cents; real Box wood case, 50 cents. Sent post-paid on receipt of price. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 43 Bond street, New York. or Oakland, Cal. SMITH'S DICTIONARY of the BIBLE. "Worker's Edition." EDITED BY WM. SMITH, L.L. D. COMPRISING ITS ANTIQUITIES, BIOGRAPHY, GEOGRAPHY, AND NATURAL HISTORY. Price, $2.00. This work contains every name in the Bible respecting which anything can be said; over 500 engravings, and is a complete guide to the pro-nunciation and signification of scriptural names; the solu-ion of difficulties of inter-pretation, authority and har-mony; also a history and de-scription of Biblical customs, manners, events, places, persons, animals, plants, minerals, etc., and comprises a most complete encyclopedia of Biblical information. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO"., 43 Bond St., New York City. Or, Oakland, Cal. SAFETY PENCIL POCKET. NEAT, CHEAP, SERVICEABLE. It perfectly secures pen or pencil in the pocket, so that it can not fall out when stooping. Can be easily and safely attached to any part of the clothing. A small investment will prevent the loss of a valuable pen or pencil. PRICES. No. 1. Russia leather, for 2 pens No. 2. ., 4C 3  No. 3. Sealskin, 2  .. No. 4. ,, 3  " No. 5. Russia leather, for 4 " No. 6. Sealskin, 4 " Sent by mail on receipt of price. We guarantee these pockets superior in every particular to sim-ilar styles formerly sold and still offered at much higher prices. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 43 Bond St., New York. Or Oakland, Cal. THE "MEDICAL MISSIONARY." This little monthly ought to be in the hands of every person interested in missionary work at home or abroad. The Medical Missionary is the organ of the International Health and Temperance Associa-tion, and every month contains articles of live interest which do not appear in any other publica-tion. Each number is illustrated. The subscription price is 25 cents a year; the sum barely covers cost of paper and printing. The subscription price may be sent in postage stamps, postal note, or postal order, as is most convenient. Address, GOOD HEALTH PUB. CO., BATTLE CREEK, MICH, NEW HISTORICAL ATLAS AND GEN-ERAL HISTORYŠBy Robert H. Lab-berton. This is the only atlas that has a map for every period. A map for any par-ticular date can instantly be found by any one. It contains, now made for the first time, maps of the Chaldean, Elamitic, Egyp-tian, Kossean, Armenian, Hittite, and As-syrian Empires. It contains 198 maps, print-ed in colors, 30 genealogical charts, and is complete in one volume. 4to, 312 pages. Sent by mail or express, post-paid. Half law sheep, $2. 75; half morocco, $3. 00. MEMOIRS OF EDWIN BAINBRIDGE.ŠThe subject of this memoir is the young English tourist who met his death at the dreadful volcanic eruption of Tarawera, New Zealand, on the 10th of June, 1886. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75c. THOMAS J. COMBER, Missionary Pi-oneer to the CongoŠBy Rev. J. B. Myers, Association Secretary Baptist Mis-sionary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully il-lustrated, cloth extra, price, 75 cents. JAMES CHALMERS, Missionary and Explorer of Raratonga and New GuineaŠBy Wm. Robson, of the London Missionary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully 'illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. SAMUEL CROWTHER, the Slave Boy who became Bishop of the NigerŠBy Jesse Page, author of "Bishop Patter-son." 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. GINN'S CLASSICAL ATLAS-4to, cloth, $2. 50. This work contains 23 colored maps, which were projected and executed by the late A. Keith Johnson, with a complete in dex. BISHOP PATTERSON, the Martyr of MelanesiaŠBy Jesse Page. 12mo, 160.  pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. MISSIONARY LADIES IN FOREIGN LANDSŠBy Mrs. E. R. Pilman, author of " Heroines of the Mission fields," etc. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75c. ROBERT MORRISON, the Pioneer of Chinese MissionsŠBy Wm. J. Town-send, Sec. Methodist New Connexion Mis-sionary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illus-trated, cloth extra, 75 cents. THE POCKET ATLAS OF THE WORLD ŠA comprehensive and popular series of maps, illustrating physical and political ge-ography, with geographical statistical notes, 54 double maps, cloth, $1. 00. WILLIAM CAREY, the Shoemaker who became a MissionaryŠBy Rev. J. B. Myers, Association Secretary Baptist Mission-ary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illus-trated, cloth extra, '75 cents. FAVORITE BIBLE STORIES FOR THE YOUNG Š With numerous illustrations. 16mo, handsomely illuminated board covers, 50 cents. ; cloth extra, 75 cents. JOHN BRIGHT, the Man of the People ŠBy Jesse Page, author of " Bishop Patter-son," "Samuel Crowther," etc. I2mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. ROBERT MOFFAT, the Missionary Hero of Kuruman-13y David J. Deane, author of " Martin Luther, the Reformer," etc. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. The above named books will be sent post-paid on receipt of price. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHINC CO. Or Oakland, Cal, 43 Bond St., New York City. 10c. 15c. 15c, 25c. 25c. 40c. 