154 THE A_AZIERICANŁ SENTINEL. -wash-house within the prescribed limits, shall wash or iron clothes betweeu the hours of ten in the evening and six in the morning, or upon any portion of. Sunday." Soon:Hing was arrested by,the police of San Francisco, and he applied to the United States Circuit Court for a writ of habeas.  corpus upon the plea that this sec-tion -waSin contravention of the provisions of the Burlingame Treaty, and of the Four-teenth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States in that it deprived "the petitioner of " the equal protectioib of the laws." : The judges of the Circuit Court were divided in opinion, .that of the pre- siding justice prevailing, and the case was certified to the Supreme Court ,_" for re--view." In rendering the decision the / Court referred to a case that it had de-cided only seventy-one days before, and said :Š The fourth section is identical in both. The pro-hibition against labor on Sunday in this section is not involved here, as it was not in that case; and the provisiOn for the cessation of labor in the laun-dries, within certain prescribed limits of the city and county during certain hours of the night, is purely a police regulation, which is, Ł as we there said, within the, competency of Any municipality possessed of the ordinary powers belonging to such bodies. To get a full understanding of the mat-ter it is necessary to quote from. the case to which the Court here referred. It is the ease of Barbier v. Crowley. The Court said :Š That fourth section, so far as it is involved in the case before the Police Judge was simply a prohibi-tion to 'carry on the washing and ironing of clothes in public laundries and wash-houses, within certain prescribed limits of the city and county [of San Francisco], from ten o'clock at night until six o'clock in the morning of the following day. The prohibition of labor on Sunday is not invaved. 'The provision is purely a police regulation within the competency of any municipality possessed of the or-dinary powers belonging to such bodies; and it would be an extraordinary usurpation of the au-thority of the municipality if a Federal tribunal should undertake to supervise such regulations. It may be a necessary measure of precaution in a city composed largely of wooden buildings, like San Francisco, that occupations in which fires are con-stantly required should cease after certain hours at night until the following morning; and of the ne-ceOity of such legislation the municipal bodies are the exclusive judges; at least any correction of their action in such matters can come only from State legislation, or State tribunals. , . . Neither the [Fourteenth] Amendment, broad and comprehen-sive as it is, nor any other amendment, was de-signed to, interfere with the power of the State, sometimes termed its police power, to prescribe regulations to promote the health, peace, morals, education, and good order of the people, and to leg-islate so as to increase the industries of the State, develop its resources, and add to its wealth and prosperity.-113 U. S. 30, 81. Thus it is proved by the very words of the decision which Mr. Crafts quotes that the. question of Sunday laws, or Of Sunday. labor, was not involved at all. The ques-tion was simply whether a city, or a State if need be, could regulate the time in which public laundries or wash-houses should be opened.. But did the COurt tge the words quoted  by Mr. Crafts ? Yes, and Ihis,is how it came about: The petitioner had " argued that the said - section ivas "void on the - gr'oun'd: that it deprived a man. of the right to work at all times," and the, same saine line of the decision throughout, the, Court held that this objection viias out " because such regulations are properly within the police pOwer-Of cities and:municipalities. The cOiiit said Ł On few subjects has :there been more regulation. How many hours shall constitute a day' work in the absence of contract, at what time in our cities shops shall close at night, are constant, subjects of legislatiOn. And' then it was that, continuing, the Court said :Š Laws setting aside Sunday as a day of rest are upheld, not from any right of the Government to legislate for the promotion of religious observances, but from its right to protect all persons from the physical and moral -debasement which comes from uninterrupted .labor. Such laws have always been deemed beneficent and merciful laws, especially to the poor and dependent, to laborers in our factories and workshops, and in the heated .rooms , of our cities;  and their validity has been sustained by the highest courts of the States. This reference to Sunday laws is used by the Court only as an illustration of the exercise of the police power of the States and municipalities. And even if it were not so used, even' if it were used with di-rect reference to the question of Sunday labor, the force of the decision, so far from 'showing any power of the United States Government to enact Sunday laws, would show on the contrary that such laws are wholly within the jurisdiction of the States, as a part of what theY Court called the police power Of the States and of which it declared "it would be an extra-ordinary usurpation of the authority of the municipality if a Federal tribunal should undertake to supervise such regu-lations." But it is not even this; for  decisions are of legal force " only so far as regards the subject matter then involved." The decisions of courts are expressions of law upon the points involved, and upon these only, and whatever may be said with ref-erence to any subject which is not involved is of no legal force. : Especially is this so when the court plainly says that such subject is not involved in the case. Put in the form of a syllogisimthe case quoted by Mr. Crafts, stands thus :Š Decisions are of force " only so far as regards the subject matter then involved." This decision plainly says, "The pro-hibition of labor on Sunday is not in-volved here." Therefore the decision cited by Mr. Crafts in support of Sunday laws, is of no force whatever with reference to any question of labor on Sunday. The use which Mr. Crafts and his fellow-workers make of the reference to' Sunday laws in this case, is false, 1. In that they make it a, decisiou on the question of Sunday laws, whereas the decisien piaituly Say, 1,3ittaallptiwice, that  the question of labor on Sunday is not involved.  :Their: use of it is. false in that they makiziWbindiiig in subject-matter which is not involved. - 3. Their use of it is I  false, in that; -even though ithad the force which the would give it, they make it a question of national jurisdiction; Ł whereas, the,  effect, would be to confine it exclusively to ',the limits of the police power of the States, With' which it would be "in extraordinary usurpation" for the natienal ,poWer to interfere. 4. Mr. Crafts's use of, it is understand-ingly false,. in that as he must have read the decision in order to write of it as he did, he certainly must have read there the positive statement that " The prohibition against labor on Sunday is not involved;" yet he makes it involve that very ques-tion and uses it as authority upon that question. Under the Circumstances how he can hbnestiy make that a decision upon the national constitutionality of Sunday laws, is more than we can understand, and is in order for him to explain. The sum.' of the whole matter is, that the use which Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts makes of the decision which he cites is utterly, and inexcusably false. It is simply another vain effort of the Sunday-law workers to create authority for Sunday laws where there is none, and illustrates that the further they go, the harder they are pushed 'to find valid argu-ments with which to support their wicked cause. And thus May all their efforts perish. A. T. J. Religion as a Political Factor. IT is claimed by those who want re-ligion taught in. the public schools that it is priinarily for the benefit of the State; that it is, not with the view of fitting the children for heaven, or of making them Christians, but rather to fit them for this world and to make them good citizens; that it is not that religion needs the sup-port of the State, but rather that the State needs 'the `sUpPort of religion.' It is argued, therefore, that it is only as a political, factor, and its worth only ac- cording to "political value," that the State p'roposes to enforce the teaching of religion: in the public schools; that the object 'of the instruction is not " the spiritual welfare of the children " but " the benefit of -the State." This argument appears very plausible, but it is utterly fallacious. The supreme difficulty with such a view is that it wholly robs religion of its divine sanctions'  and replaces them 'only with civil sanc-tions. It robs religion of its eternal pur-pose and Makes it only a temporal expedi-ent. From being a plan devised by divine Wisdom -to secure the eternal salvation of the soul, Christianity is, 'by this scheme, made a . Mere Ł human device to effect political PArpOSe. And for the State to 