278 TM E A.A/LE R. IC A_N r.,TA.or RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. DECLARATION of PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit-ting to , its authority. We deny the` right of any civil government to legislate on religious questions. we believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own con-science. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and honorable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil government; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the in-estimable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK CITY ; 225 A ST., N. ]i. WASHINGTON ; 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO. The Beginning of the Campaign in California. TIM American Sabbath Union must feel of California, as Cardinal Manning Once expressed himself of England :Š If ever there was a land in which work was to be done, it is here. I shall not say too much if I say that, we have to subjugate and subdue, to conquer and rule, an imperial race, . . . Were heresy conquered in England, it would be conquered throughout the world. All its lines meet here, and therefore in England the church of God [Ro man Catholic] must be gathered in its strength. Substitute California for England, and American Sabbath Union for the Roman Catholic Church, and the above quotation is befitting language for Sunday-law ad-vocates just now. Prior to 1883, Califor-nia had a dead-letter Sunday law which was then repealed. Since then Sunday-law advocates haxe continually mourned and threatened, because California " is the only State without a Sunday law." The American Sabbath Union, last year, sent its best man, Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts. He organized- numerous auxiliary societies and departed. He-  has again visited the StateŠa few months ago. Mrs. J. C. Bate-ham, Dr. W. W. Atterbury, of New York Sabbath fame, and Bishop New-man, are also on the Coast, but Sabbath laws are not yet. Mrs. Bateham has given two lectures, recently, in Oakland, which were very slimly attended. She presented nothing new, and the old arguments were put in a remarkably weak form. An instance, and as telling-  an argument as she used, was that based on the stability of the Re-public. Its foundation, she contended, was the Sabbath. Of course, concrete argu-ments are worth more than abstract, so the lady presented before us the two re-publics of France and the United States. The former sabbathless, the latter founded on, the ,Sabbath; the former unstable, the latter ' stable. This would all have been good if her premise had been true, that a Sabbath-keeping nation was the only stable nation. But in the first place the United States has not been a Sabbath-keeping nation, and in the second place, the illustration as regards France, is of no worth in the light of opposite facts. Rome existed as a sabbathless republic, for five hundred years before Christ, and as a sabbathless imperialism more than two hundred years after. As a sabbath-less republic she conquered the world. Under the last of her mighty emperors she became infected with that malignant plagueŠa Sunday law.. According to Mrs. Bateham, right there, Rome's great-ness and stability ought to have begun, but the facts are that the Sunday law of Constantine, was but. a prelude to Rome's instability and destruction as a nation of unity and strength. Another point, perhaps worthy of notice, was concerning the District of Columbia, another poor spot of earth without a Sunday law. The surprising fact, in con-nection with the matter, however, is this : That for years and years the District was without a Sunday law, and those dear people knew nothing about it till they searched the records. Yet the District of Columbia, during all that time, was one of the civilized spots of earth-; it had grown apace ; its people had lived, had worshiped, had died, many of them in hope. They had kept their Sabbath as good as in all other cities, except, per-haps, when the Federal Congress was there convened from the several Sunday-law States. And yet, the good people of Washington knew not they were so " dis-graced " till our zealous Sunday-law agi-tators began their hunt. Poor Wash-ington ! Another convention, of the American Sabbath Union, was held at the Young Men's Christian Association rooms in San Francisco, August 16 and 18, under the direction of the District Secretary of the Pacific Coast, Rev. Edward Thompson, LL. D. It was a poorly managed affair. It was announced two weeks previous, but the place was not given, and then nothing more was heard of it till the first day had passed. Even the officers of the asso-ciation, Dr. Abbott, Rev. N. R. Johnson, and Mrs. J. C. Bateham knew nothing of- the meeting. Mrs. Bateham was not present at all. It was a union meeting in only one respect, all wanted a Sunday law of some kind. The spirit of the gather-ing Was well illustrated in Acts 19 : 32 "Some cried one thing and some another: for the assembly was confused; and the more part knew not wherefore they were come together." Yet all could cry as regards some kind of a Sunday law, " Great is Diana of the Ephesians." " The Sabbath in the Home ," was dis-cussed by Rev. M. M. Gibson (United Presbyterian), and he Ł said some very good things. " If the Sabbath is in the home," he deClared, " it will be in the church and in the State." He stated most truly that there was no more religion in the church than there was in the home; and that if the Sabbath were in the home, it would pervade society and the State. And this contains the whole thing in a nutshell. If the Sabbath were in the homes of the people, there would be no need of Sabbath laws. On this point Dr. Gibson is sound, and the argument makes of none effect the Sabbath laws which he pleaded for in a half-hearted manner; again making of none effect his plea for law by returning to his original argu-ment. The law he claimed would go no farther in restricting power, than the in-fluence of home gave it that power. Akin to the above topic was another : " Keep the Sabbath yourself." It was argued by Dr. Stewart that it was ab-solutely impossible to enact or enforce Sabbath laws while professed Christians were so apathetic. The real trouble exists with church members. " Sunday laws not Oppressive," was discussed by Rev. J. A. Q. Henry (Bap-tist). He argued, from the following rea-sons, that they were not oppressive : 1. The Sabbath was a physical necessity. 2. The Sabbath was a necessity fr®m an economic standpoint. 3. It was a neces-sity from an ethical standpoint. 4. It was a religious necessity. Ergo by Ł a fourfold necessity, Sabbath laws were not oppressive. But Government has no right to enjoin a religious observance of the day, but to protect its citizens in their right to worship. Mr. Henry's conclusion no more followed from his premises, than figs could be expected from thistles. Every argument he adduced in favor of his position could be urged in favor of a law to regulate sleep. A proper amount of sleep is a physical and economical, an ethical, and a religious (civil) neces-sity; therefore, laws to regulate sleep, and we may also say, food and dress, are not oppressive. It is difficult to say whether pity for the man, or contempt for his so-called arguments, is the predomina-ting emotion -.in listening to such puerili-ties. One man asked would it oppress the Jews ?ŠNo. Provision was always made for them and . Sabbatarians, with the exception of laws of one. State, Kansas, he believed. This is an indication of the ignorance of many able men upon this subject. A few facts, like the persecutions in Pennsylvania, Arkansas, and Tennessee, are worth a thousand such arguments. Sunday laws are not oppresSive when they are allowed to become dead letters, as they are in most of our States, but when in operation and enforced they are always oppressive, as has been demonstrated times without number. Dr. Atterbury, of New 'York, urged the convention to confine the question to the civil, secular Sabbath alone, and drop every other issue. Dr. Abbott made a very vigorous speech on the same line. He said the California Legislature, he C. ELDRIDGE, W. H. McKim, President. Secretary. 