OCTOBER 22, 1896. C.A.N SFFaNrr1CN1Eiuu 333 country of religious liberty, not of religious toleration merely. Every person is entitled to worship God according to the dictates of his own conscience under the obligations which rest upon all alike, that public order shall be respected, and the requirements of morality and decency. observed. Whenever the laiv, either in terms or by method employed in its enforcement, goes beyond this, and under-takes to compel observances that are only re-quired by particular creeds, no matter how numerous may be those who consider them divine obligations, it becomes tyrannical and destructive of the fundamental principle of American liberty. It is also tyrannical when it punishes, as a public offense, the manage-ment of a citizen's private affairs, in such a Manner as his own conscience approves, tak-ing care in doing so neither to wrong nor dis-turb those. of his fellow-citizens who differ with him in their views. If in their opinion the course he pursues must be displeasing to the Ruler of the world, the question involved .belongs not to human tribunals, and it is the ;purpose of our constitutional system that hu-'man laws administered by imperfect human instruments shall not assume to deal with it. = This is commonplace in the United States 'of America, but it cannot be too often re-peated or too distinctly borne in mind."ŠAllen Moon, President of the International - Religious Liberty Association, in Independent Banner, Murfreesboro, Tenn., October 2. " LIBERTY." BY P. M. HOWE. ithon Min Chaittai Jail, Kent County, Ontario, where Mr. Howe was imprisoned for obeeience to his faith, namely, for working on Sunday as he felt it to be his duty to do. Of this article he says: "I wrote this in jail. My desk was a short bench, and my seat the stone floor. I had no knife, so had to sharpen my pencil with my teeth; so it is not very well written."] ONE can hardly appreciate the word " lib-erty" until he is shut away from the open expanse of nature, where the sun shines so beautifully, filling the, earth with light and gladness; where the birds sing their joyous songs, and all Nature, seems to ascribe praise to the Creator. Most people nowadays seem to have gotten a false idea of what constitutes real, true lib-erty. "Let every thing that hath breath praise the Lord." This is liberty. God does not bind this privilege about, nor in any way limit anyone's capacity to praise him. Praise to God coming from his own created intelli-gences, unfettered and untrammeled, is true worship. Let us consider this thought as applying to the highest type of creationŠman. God created him perfect, complete in his own im-age, and gave him all things. No privileges were denied him. IIis freedom to choose and act for himself was unlimited. He could par-take of the forbidden fruit, and sin, or reject it and remain righteous. God's ideal was, a man left free to choose whom he would wor-ship. God's mind has not changed, for with him there is not even a shadow of turning. Satan's ideal was entirely different. By his plan some one must be put down; some one, yes, every one, must be subject to his satanic rule. God's idea was the rule of love. It Was thus that he ruled in heaven.. But Satan reasoned that God was restricting his liberty. At this juncture self became a god, and Lucifer, the covering cherub, " son of the morning," was no longer loyal to God. He  was no longer a worshiper of his loving Cre-ator and Father, but a worshiper of self. Man, so perfect and free in the new world, was seduced into believing Satan. He forgot how independent God had made him, and soon had no greater ambition than to worship self. The perfect law of liberty was lost sight of, and satanic ideas took the place of true ideas of liberty; love and reason were ban-ished. Selfishness was as complete in man as in Satan, and self, Satan's ideal god, was enshrined as the only being to be considered and worthy to be worshiped. Man had made the choice and was lost. He had become a bond-servant to self, with no power in him-self ever to be free. He could worship no other being; for no one but self could be seen. But, miracle of grace! God loved him still. The light that shone out of darkness through the interposition of a righteous Redeemer was permitted to shine into man's heart. God had an eternal purpose in the creation of man, and that purpose was to be accomplished. God has never restricted man's freedom to choose. He has forever left him free to wor- ship, or not, all these 'six thousand years. Through the merits of Christ Jesus our Lord he has ever been calling: " Come unto me and find rest." " Let the wicked forsake his way, and the unrighteous man his thoughts, and let him return unto the Lord." " Who-soever will, let him come." No force but love has ever been applied. Man has been left free as in the beginning, when, with per-fect liberty to choose for himself how and whom he would worship, he fully met the mind of his all-wise Creator. In bringing man back from the slavery of sin to his original estate God still leaves him the freedom of choice. This liberty which-has been so freely offered in Christ Jesus and made known to us by the gospel, is as dear as life itself. In the perversion of this divine plan Satan has endeavored to get all Chris-tian people to suppose that any deviation from their ideas of religious worship is a menace to their rights and liberty. As religious bodies become powerful, their tendency as they con-template the future is to see only self. All look for a universal church, and pride says, " we are that people." But a little company are found who are willing to believe God's plan the bestŠto leave all free to worship him or not,Šand grant their brethren and neighbors the same right. A few only are willing to work in God's wayŠby loveŠto tarn the sinner from the errors of his ways. To enforce religious ideas and crush out free choice that might may rule, is the plan which is now favored. The cross, which is the power of God, is no longer lifted up. Christ the crucified one, is forgotten, and only man's power, the "law of the land," is invoked. Satan's diabolical scheme is to be put in oper-ation. Long dreary days and nights of wait-ing and watching in cold, damp prison cells will be the experience of not a few. The State will be held up as the only source of power. A fallen church will exalt man's de-crees and laws above the perfect law of lib-erty. That law that is declared to be "per-fect, converting the soul," will be less and less reverenced and obeyed, and but very few, a remnant of Israel, will stand boldly pro-claiming the naked word as the piled guide to heaven. The only question in this time of trouble and confusion should be, What does God say? Hear the answer, as I read it printed on the top of my jail desk, "Fear God and keep his commandments, for this is the whole duty of man." Religious liberty is not lost when we  are deprived of civil liberty. Christ had it on the cross; Paul praised God and was free in the dungeon and the stocks; the loved and loving John knew its blessedness on the lone isle of Patmos; Huss and Jerome, Luther, Latimer and' Ridley, John Knox, and the faithful John Wesley, all acknowledged the precious boon of liberty, and within a few short months and years many who follow on to know the Lord can testify even from chain-gangs and prison cells that per feet liberty is found only in Jesus; and though the law of the land be against us, he is for us and with us. This is the mystery that soon will be fin- ished. " Stand fast therefore in the liberty wherewith Christ hath made you free, and.  be  not entangled again with the yoke 'of bondage." Ł 11.-Ł  UNDER WHAT KIND OF GOVERNMENT IS REAL HAPPINESS FOUND ? - BY, H. F. PHELPS. TRUE it is that the Word of God says: " The powers that be are ordained of God." From this it is argued, and with reason too, that civil governmentŠthe genius of civil government, not the particular form of gov-ernmentŠis ordained of God. But civil gov-ernment did not exist previous to the fall of man. It became a necessity because of the supreme selfishness of man; which selfishness leads him to invade the rights of others. For it is a recognized fact that men are by nature endowed "with certain unalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. That to secure these rights, governments are instituted among men, de-riving their just powers from the consent of the governed." Bat among all the different forms of gov-ernment under heaven there is not one in which true happiness can be found. While the pursuit of happiness is one of the inalienable, natural rights of mankind to guarantee which goveinments are instituted, yet it is not in the power of man to devise a civil government under which perfect happiness can be found. All this because of man's selfish nature. Man must first be made a new creature. His very nature must be changed from a natural to a spiritual. This perfect and completed change can only be brought about under a true theo-cratical government. Such is the government of God. And such was the government of God in the beginning in this world. God is a spiritual being, and a true theocracy being a government of God, must of necessity be a spiritual government, a government of love, ruling through the higher faculties of his creatures. All those who are subjects of a true theocracy must be spiritual beings, enabled to discern spiritual truths, able to comprehend the principles of a spiritual government. Such are the in;  habitants of other worlds; and such would have been the condition of Adam and all his posterity had it not been for sin. Indeed, such will be the condition of this world when God's purpose concerning it is accomplished. Then, inasmuch as man, by nature, by creation, possesses the right to seek for hap-piness, and perfect happiness at that, why should not the Christian seek to build up a theocracy in this life, both for himself and all others ? Because a spiritual government must be instituted by a spiritual being; one who is perfect in all his ways and works. Man is not such a being, and never will be till Christ comes again to set up his kingdom, 