AMERICAN SENTINEL. 215 salary from the American Government supposing the latter was willing to employ them in its service? I regard it as an act of true weakness that Father Noza-leda should leave the archipelago. If it depends upon me, he will not do so. I would go so far as to impose upon him my authority, as I am sure that in less than six months he will be the most important prelate in the Orient.' "Asked by the provincial if the friars would be guaranteed against any vengeance in the event of their again occupying the parishes by virtue of the new ar-rangements, the prelate replied: 'If the friars occupy the parishes they will be considered as elements of order, and, therefore, as American aŁgents.' Continuing, the delegate said that 'as America is thoroughly convinced of the necessity for the retention of the friars in the Philippines, the monastic orders will be given the neces-sary prestige, which will be much greater than it was during the Spanish regime. Father McKinnon, who will be appointed to a high position in the archipelago, will protect the friars and be the mediator between them and the American authorities here.'" These alleged statements by Archbishop Chapelle are, if reported with substantial truth, of the most ex-traordinary nature. They are scarcely credible. Pres-ident McKinley and the American people are represented as being convinced that the monastic orders should be undisturbed in their old privileges, property rights and spiritual functions, while the archbishop himself is declared to be openly predisposed in their favor. The suggestion that the friars be placed on salary by the United States Government would, if carried out, involve the establishment and maintenance of a religion by the United States, something altogether out of harmony with American institutions, and in defiance of the'Con-stitution, although the constitutional okection could have no force with those of our people who accept the imperialist theory that the Constitution has no applica-tion to territory of the United States. The repudiation of these newspaper reports by the archbishop and by his staff assistant, Chaplin McKin-non, of the United States army, are very welcome, and every one would be glad to accept them as final. But Mr. Robinson, the excellent Manila correspondent of the New York Post, now comes forward and states, after special study of the situation, that, in spite of any de-nials, he is convinced that "the weight of evidence strongly indicates that Archbishop Chapelle has spoken indiscreetly." Mr. Robinson observes that the original report has not been adequately controverted, and what is of more significance to his mind: "No steps have been taken against the paper Progreso, which first published those statements, and nothing has been said or done to other papers which copied them. For infinitely less venal offensesŠfor this was slanderous, if it was untrue Šlocal papers have been cautioned and threatened by the American authorities. The immunity of the present case is, therefore, suggestive." Mr. Robinson's own belief is that "some document exists, or did exist, in  which statements were made of the nature of those re-ported, and that this document fell into the hands of those who were neither supposed nor expected to see it. Through such a channel it probably obtained publica-tion, and that nothing has been done about it is prob-ably due to the fact that Senor Editor holds a royal straight flush." It is certainly a very singular circum-stance that,if the report printed was a mere fabrication, the editors of the Manila papers have not been remon-strated with by the military authorities. For the publication of the report aroused great excitement among the Filipinos, and, undoubtedly, it supplied just the ammunition the insurgent printing presses were most hungry for. The deep and abiding hostility of the people to the monastic orders immedi-ately flamed up. The archbishop has received a peti-tion from Roman Catholic merchants, proprietors, physicians, and other leading citizens of the Santa Cruz district of Manila, praying that the friars be com-pelled to leave the islands and that the parishes be pre-sided over by a Philippine secular clergy. The ,Manila Freedom, on January 19, said: "No more emphatic demonstrations by a Catholic people against religious corporations could be made than those that are daily pouring in from the different sections of the country." La Patna, of Manila, said, on January 16: "A river of blood flows between the Filipino people and the monas-tic orders. It is inconceivable that they should be en-throned once more on their former hights of power to control the affairs of the people." There seems to be a general agreement amongthose who have studied most closely the Philippine question that the religious phase of it is one of great difficulty. . . . The great mass of the Filipinos bitterly hate the friars and the monastic orders, and this is a fact of the largest import, whether or not that hatred is well-founded. Unless the United States clips the wings of the religious corporations the war may go on indefi-nitely. On the other hand, does the administration dare to expel the friars and confiscate their estates, as the Filipinos of all classes desire? In his recent speech in the Senate Mr. Lodge hinted strongly at such a confis-cation when he said: "The land, which belongs to the people, and of which they have been robbed in the past, should be returned to them and their titles :made secure." But Mr. McKinley's Paris treaty contains clauses which seem to insure to the orders the perma-nent possession of their great landed properties, through possessory titles if through no other. . . . The final outcome, therefore, is in utter darkness, but the pros-pect is that war in some form will continue so long as the United States seems to the natives to be protecting the religious orders in their old position of spiritual and economic power. PAPAL methods change to suit circumstances, but papal principles are everywhere the same. 