656 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 19, 1899. WE have a good deal to say in this issue about the question of the rightfulness of war. It will pay you to read it, whether you -believe war to be right or wrong. And the times certainly call upon everyone to become enlightened upon this subject. at, WE hope by the time of another issue to be able to set before our readers the decision and argument in the case of Mr. A. J. Waters, of Gainesville, Ga., in the Supreme Court of that State. This case, it will be remembered, was taken to the Supreme Court on appeal from the lower court, which had convicted him for violation of the Sunday law. We acknowledge here an error in having given Mr. Waters' address as Rome, Ga., some time ago. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL is not the only journal that is now calling at-tention to the similarity of what is being done to-day to expand na-tional territory and power, and what was done for a like purpose under ancient Rome. Now is the time, indeed, when people everywhere ought to be comparing old Roman history with current history, noting how history repeats itself and to what the repetition of history must lead. And for this very purpose there has been written a book enti-tled "The Two Republics," in which some intensely interesting parallels are drawn between the greatest re-public of ancient timesŠRome--and the greatest republic of to-day. See notice given on p. 654. No NATION can survive indefinitely upon a policy which sets aside the law of justice and the rights of man-kind. History exists to attest this  fact to the people of to-day. When a nation sets out upon a path that diverges from the path of justice, it sets out upon the road to its own extinction. The nations of former times did this and came to their end one after the other, though they were warned by the messengers of God against taking the wrong course. And to-day there is nothing more appropriate for the times than to sound this same warning, as the AMERICAN SENTINEL and other agen-cies are doing. BEYOND certain limits, the expan-sion of national domain must mean the addition of power in the hands of men who already have more power than they know how to handle prop-erly. Great power concentrated in the hands of one person or of a few individuals always cursed the world, and is one of the worst of the evils that darken the outlook to-day. THE Chicago Times-Herald says of the United States, after pointing the finger of pity at the so-called repub-lic of France, that "military dicta-tors are impossible here for two ex-cellent reasons," the first of which is that "no man could rise so high above the mass as to impose his will upon the nation," and the second, that "aside from this, it is incon-ceivable that any American should aim at arbitrary power." Is the Herald trying to pose as the Rip Van Winkle of journalism, that it should thus profess ignorance of American history for the past one or two decades? For if grasping after power is not a conspicuous feature of American life to-day, how-ever it may have been in former times, then that life is featureless altogether. As to power and arbi-trary power, there is no essential distinction between them here; give any person power who is grasping for it, and he will use it arbitrarily. Military dictators are not impos-sible here, for at least one excellent reason; and that is, that political dictators here are very common.  Where political dictators flourish, a military dictator is not an-impossi-bility. A military dictator and a political dictator do not require dif-ferent human material for their make-up; and people who will submit to a dictator of one sort, will be readily reconciled to one of another sort when the occasion seems to demand it. War and militarism will bring a mil-itary dictator to any land. at CATHOLIC priests in Pittsburg, Pa., have taken issue with the educa-tional authorities of that city in de-manding that pupils of the parochial schools be admitted to the public high schools without examination, as are pupils from the public schools. The school authorities feel, and doubtless with good reason, that parochial school pupils are not apt to be very proficient in a knowledge that is not distinctively Catholic. Ot ACCORDING to the New York Sun, "The War Department has asked the International Young Men's Chris-tian Association Committee in West Twenty-ninth Street to place an as-sociation secretary, fully equipped, upon each of the ten or twelve trans-ports soon to sail for Manila. Con-gress failed to make any provision for additional chaplains to accom-pany the new troops about to be sent out." THE greatest republic on the earth ought naturally to be the friend of the lesser republics, at least to the extent of speaking a word for peace when one of them is threatened with extinction by an imperial power. jt THE grace of God is given freely, but can be received only by him who takes it freely; that is, of his own free will. Hence there can be no slavery in the service of God, but re-ligious liberty in the truest sense. WHEN evil is overcome with good, the victory is lasting. 