THE AMERICAN SENTINEL,. 35 Taxing Church Property. WHETHER .we like it or not, the drift of political sentiment is everywhere in the direction of taxing church property the same as any other. This was expressed in the constitutional convention in Washington Territory by the adoption of a clause forbidding the re-lease of any kind of property from its pro-portionate share of the public burdens. The object of this was the taxation of churches, private schools, and charitable institutions. California has had a similar provis-ion for several years in its Constitution. Though at first opposed by a large minor-ity, it has grown in popularity until it is now accepted as a matter of course even by the most thorough-going churchmen. Some of them express the belief that the poorer churches should be exempt, but this simply corresponds to the opinion held by many political thinkers (among them ex-Secretary McCulloch) that all small property holdings should be ex-empt. So far as the costly city churches are concerned, the sentiment favoring their taxation is almost unanimous. In the Eastern States the sentiment against exemption is also growing, though in a less marked degree. It is in the main confined to political students, and to the more strenous supporters of the public school system who oppose the education of a part of the children in parochial. schools. Not until all church property is taxed, they maintain, can we make sure that all our children shall have a common education in the principles of American citizenship and be united in sentiment and sympathies. Ł Curiously enough, England has taken an important step in the same direction. Only a short time since a considerable sum was bequeathed to a foreign mission-ary society, and the executors under the will claimed that it should be exempt from the tax upon bequests. Lord Chief Jus-tice Coleridge decided that the probable excellence of the charity in no way lessened the claims of the State. The amount of the tax on the bequest was the State's money and not the testator's. To remit it was to increase by just so much the burden upon the remaining taxpayers. Such an increase of the public burdens could not take place except by the direc-tion of the public itself. No exemption could therefore be permitted. In the same' way it might be maintained that in this country, where all private property is held subject to a lien for an-nual taxes on the part of the State, the value of this lien is in fact public prop-erty. To remit the tax when the property is transferred to a religious institution, is therefore to increase the amount of the charity out of the pockets of the remain-ing taxpayers. Such, at least, is the phil-osophy of the refusal of California and  Washington to exempt 'the property of religious and charitable institutions. It is the logical carrying out of two Amer-ican principles : First, the complete sep-aration of Church and State; second, equality before the laws for property as well as men.Š: Commercial Advertiser. Let Americans Americans Be Americans. IN the following editorial from the Tribune of this city there is a valuable point, one which we wish there was made much more of throughout the land. The aping of European ways by Americans is a shame and a disgrace to every one who does it. "At the Holland Society's dinner on Friday night Mr. Theodore Roosevelt made some remarks in an old-fashioned way upon an old-fashioned subject. After recalling the social, political; military, financial and other triumphs of American citizens of Dutch ancestry, Mr. Roosevelt made the point that whatever may have been the strength and virtue of their Hol-land blood, they wrought as Americans, and could not have won the renown that has rewarded their labors had they re-mained Hollanders here. He then pro-ceeded to apply this point to existing situations, and to urge the duty of all foreigners to become heartily and sincerely American. This is in no sense a new sug-gestion, but it needs to be constantly enforced upon the attention, not only of foreigners, but of native-born Americans as well. " There is a class of Americans, almost confined to the Eastern cities, who have seemed to think it an evidence of culture and of social and intellectual rank to in-dulge in supercilious reflections upon their country and their countrymen. We have lately feared that this class of people was growing, not merely among the silly creatures who have neither brains nor any use for brains, but among really estimable persons and as the result of a propaganda undertaken primarily in the interest of certain European economic theories. The zeal and industry of those in charge of the propaganda have not seemed to be satisfied with those comparisons which in their eyes show the superior excellence of foreign in-dustrial systems, but they have felt it necessary also to sneer at all things com-monly thought to be characteristic of our society. "They sneer at our politics, declaring in effect that no such thing exists as an honest American politician; that all office-holders in this land, where we teach office-holding to be no man's right, but every man's proper aspiration, are selfish, cor-rupt slaves of party; that to be prominent in the council or active in the management of a party is to be utterly wicked and uncleanŠto be, indeed, a "machine poli-tician" is their synonym for " devil."  They sneer at our educational system and methods, and affect' to think we have no "real colleges," apparently believing it impossible for an educator to be wise with-out a wig or efficient as a teacher without a gown. They sneer at our press, and save themselves vast intellectual effort by throwing, all their fine scorn into the quotation marks with which they invari-able surround the word journalism. They have not yet got ready to attack the public school system or freedom of worship, but they do what they can to prevent the ex-tension of the public school system, and they plainly indicate that they have more faith in the piety of a bishop who is also "my lord" than of one whose character is unaided by civil title. They apparently act upon the belief that it is a sign of broad-mindedness and liberality to take that view of a method or that side of a controversy which is antagonistic to the popular American view. "These people are not very susceptible to arguments, but they are painfully sensi-tive as to the impression they produce upon others. They wish to be thought vastly clever. If it could only he got into their heads 'that, on the contrary, they really excite only pity and ridicule, it would probably do them good." ° The Blair Sunday Bill in Secular Dress. THE Blair Sunday bill has again ap-peared upon the scene of Congressional action, to seek at the hands of our pres-ent national legislators,  that recognition which it failed to get fr(2m the members of the Fiftieth Congress. The better to se-cure this, and that the public eye may not be turned upon it in suspicion, it has dis-carded its religious features and assumed a garb which is studiouslyssecular. How this has been done will be evident to the reader from a comparison of 'the two phases of the bill, as given herewith, the essential points of difference being indi-cated by the use of italics and small -capitals : THE BLAIR BILL--1888-9. THE BLAIR BILL--1889-90. A Bill to secure to the people A Bill to secure to the peo-the enjoyment of the first day ple the priviliges of rest and of the week, commonly known of religious worship, free from as the Lord's day as a day of disturbance by others, on the rest, AND TO PROMOTE ITS OB-  first clay of the week. SERVANCE AS A DAY OF RELIG- IOUS WORSHIP. Be it enacted by the Senate Be it enacted by the Senat: and House of Representatives and House of RelA esentativer of the United States of Amer-  of the United States of Amer-ica in Congress assembled, ica in Congress Assembled, That no person, or corporation, That no person, or corporation, or the agent, servant, or em-  or agent, servant, or employee ployee of any person or cor-  of any person, or corporation poration, shall perform, or au-  or in the service of the United thorize to be performed, any States in time of peace, except secular work, labor, or busi-  in the necessary enforcement ness to the disturbance of oth-  of the laws, shall perform, or ers, works of necessity, mercy, authorize to be performed, any and humanity excepted; nor secular work, labor, or business shall any person engage in any to the disturbance of others, play, game, or amusement, or works of necessity and mercy recreation, to the disturbance and humanity excepted ; nor of others, on the first day of shall any person engage in any the week, commonly known as play, game, or amusement or the Lord's day, or during any recreation to the disturbance part thereof, in any Territory, of others on the first day of District, vessel, or place sub-  the week, commonly known ject to the exclusive jurisdic- as Sunday, or during any part Ł 