AMERICAN SENTINEL. 607 that unsuitable diet, derangement of the proper relation between nutrition and waste, and the consequent loading of the tissues and the blood with abnormal products of metabolism, have much to do with that ill-temper and discontent which leads men to lay their hands violently often upon their neighbors, and sometimes on them-selves." The War of Principle.ŠNo. I. "PEOPLE say that there is nothing new under the sun," said Aleck Morrow to his friend Cecil Bart; "but it seems to me that there is always something new in the development of the forces that move men. Think what revolutions have been wrought by the announcement of gospel liberty." "But who wants everlasting revolution? Revolution means the disturbing of one's peace, the overturning of things cherished, the uprooting of revered traditions. All I want is to be let alone. This everlasting revolution seems unnatural, like the running of a pin into a person who is comfortably drowsy," said Cecil. "But Cecil, the revolutions caused by the gospel were revolutions that saved the world from stagnation and destruction." "I'm not so sure of that," replied Cecil. "At the birth of Christ the temple of Janus was closed for the third time. War had ceased, and the world had settled down to have a good time. Now if Christ had come to keep the Peace then existing, the benefits would have been unquestioned. All men would have accepted him as king. lie could have ruled the world on a temporal throne, and given the earth a double millennium; but by refusing the opportunity, he brought death on himself, and endless revolutions on men," responded Cecil. "What!" exclaimed Aleck, "Do you not believe in the war for distinctive principles? Why, it is this war that has shown men's metal, and, by inspiring souls with the glory of right, it has given to us heroes and martyrs, and made for us the very romance of history." "The only way that Christ could have kept the peace then existing would have been by acknowledging the su-premacy of him who showed him all the kingdoms of the world in a moment of time, saying, 'If thou wilt worship me, all shall be thine.'" "Well, supposing he had, what harm would it have done?" "Cecil Hart, is it possible that you do not know that  the earth and every soul thereon is the subject of a con-troversy between Christ and Satan? Christ would have yielded the whole earth and all souls to his enemy, if he had bowed down at this temptation. In fact there is no telling what would have been the end of the matter. Christ would have had to yield the heavenly principle of government, and in establishing a temporal throne, would have had to employ force. The very beginning of the feud between Christ and Satan originated in the ac-cusation that God's laws could not be obeyed, and that he would set up on earth a government superior to Heaven's. How glad he would have been to have secured the Son of God as his vicegerent on earth. But Christ struck the true key-note of every relation, when he said, 'Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and him only shalt thou serve.' " "But, Aleck, what would have hindered men from serving God, from finding a common basis for religion, and from forming all mankind into a common brother-hood, if Christ had taken the throne of the world. It seems to me, it would have been easily accomplished." "If Christ had taken a temporal throne, the arch fiend would have been his god, and the only religion pos-sible would have been that of the synagogue of Satan, the only brotherhood, the brotherhood of devils; for we change into the image of our gods. The government he would have established would have been a false theoc-racyŠa supposed government of God with a demon for its head. The devil is forever seeking to bring the world under such a government." "And practically, Aleck, what would be its results, should he succeed?" "We have already had examples, or more properly, samples of it, in the Inquisition and the horrors of the Dark Ages; but the thing full-fledged would be a world wholly given over to demonology." "Well, Aleck, you have studied this matter more than I have. But it seems a pity that the gates of war, closed at the birth of Christ, should ever have had to be re-opened. Peace prevailed then, and it seems it might have continued." "No, Cecil; it was not peace. It was war under a mask. It was not the peace of principle but of compul-sion. It was a deception. The warring passions of men were under rein for a time. Even this outside peace was doubtless the overruling of Divine Providence; for though Satan is the god of this world, God `hath his way in the storm.'" "Aleck, why did not Divine Providence have his way always? Why is there a controversy, anyhow? Isn't God strong enough to master his enemy?" "Certainly, Cecil. But his method is the method of love. He is testing souls nowadays. It is probation-ary time, and he holds the forces of evil in check suffi-ciently to give every one a chance to choose who shall be his king. When every soul has made his choice, the strength of right will be found to he Almighty, and the unequal contest will end for ever." 