:502 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. In summing up his views on America's greatest -state paper, George Bancroft, the finest historian -which this continent has yet produced, gave utter--ance to this beautiful tribute to the immortality of -the great document: " This immortal state paper, which for its corn-poser was the aurora of enduring fame, was ' the genuine effusion of the soul of the country at that time,' the revelation of its mind, when, in its youth, ;its enthusiasm, its sublime confronting of danger, it rose to the highest creative powers of which man is -capable. The bill of rights which it promulgates is Łof rights that are older than human institutions, and -spring from the eternal justice that is anterior to the state." In the Providence of God. It was God who brought the United States into existence. It was God who set her secure betwixt the twin oceans that she might work out and de-velop, untramelled by foreign precedent and pre-cept, the great truths, the custody and advancement of which he had entrusted to her hands and heart. The King of kings and Lord of lords set the com-monwealth of the United States in the world just as verily as thousands of years before he had set the commonwealth of Israel, and moreover he set both in the world for one and the same purpose. God set Israel in, the world to give to all the na-tions of the earth the true principles of the Christian religion. This was the task assigned her in her ca-pacity as a church. He also set Israel in the earth to give to all the nations the true principles of gov-ernment among men. She was God's chosen instru-ment in the elder day to carry heaven's wondrous -truths to a world which was suffering for the lack of - them. Likewise in the latter day God has set the com-monwealth of the United States in the earth for a twofold purpose, and that twofold purpose is the Ł same as was his purpose in the people of;the Jews. The true principles of the Christian religion were designed of God to go forth from thislland as from .no other in these- last days. He provided that this might be so. He ordained that all nations and kindreds and tongues and tribes and peoples should .be benefitted and blessed thereby; and he also set this nation in, her place, and gave to her a charge to carry the truth 'of government by the consent of the _governed, and that all men are created equal, its twin sister, to every nation on the globe. In this the work ,of Israel and the work of the United States are one  and the same. And who rise and say that-God-- has any less interest in the work of.the one than of the other, or that the work of the latter is not as fully outlined in the sacred Scriptures as the 'work of the former? PERCY T. MAGAN. CHRIST 'S KINGDOM NOT OF THIS WORLD. From " Religion and the State," by A. Hovey, D, D. ALTHOUGH the general duty of subjection to " the powers that be," or the laws and rulers of the state, is very sacred it can not be urged as a valid excuse for disregarding the Lord's requirement to confess him before men. It was, therefore, the duty of the apos-tles to preach the good news of salvation through Christ, though forbidden to do this by " the highest human authority to which they could have felt that they owed allegiance," and even to say boldly in the presence of this great court, " It is right to obey God rather than men." And this fact of a higher law for the Christian, of a paramount duty on his part to be a loyal and obedient subject in the Kingdom of Christ, affords a strong presumption that, kept within their proper spheres and directed to the attainment of their distinctive ends, the authority of Christ and that of the state will never come into collision, and this is equivalent to saying that their spheres and aims and methods are very distinct; that the king-dom of Christ is on a different and higher plane than the state. They Looked for an Earthly King. It was this fact that made it so hard for the Jews of our Saviour's time to see in him the, promised Messiah, for they were expecting a restoration of the theocracy, a perfect and final union of church and state, religion being sustained by the civil power and the civil power sanctified by religion. They were looking for one to fill the vacant throne of their royal line who should unite the heroism of David with the wisdom of Solomon, and by an era of conquest usher, in an age of peace; who, as the favorite of Jehovah and the pride of all the people, should bear, like the Pope in other days, two swordsŠthe tem-poral and the spiritualŠand lead the nation to vic-tory over the Gentiles, as well as to holier worship in Zion. It is not, therefore, surprising that many welcomed the harbinger of Christ preaching repent-ance, and listened without offense, but not without wonder, to the sermon on the mount, but turned away from Jesus with contempt when he refused to 