AMERICAN SENTINEL. 67 that the 'Mormon' Church is endeavoring to regulate political affairs in this State, are entirely without foun-dation in fact. Nor is it true that the leaders of the church have taken a prominent part in recent politics. If any prominent 'Mormon' has said or done anything in this direction he has simply exercised his rights as an American citizen, and voted for and supported men whom he thinks best suited for the positions to be filled. And that right has been used as much in favor of Gen-tiles as of Mormon candidates for public office. What is there wrong in that? And why does anybody with com-mon sense raise any objection?" It is in this same way that other churches justify their connection with politics, and the justification is just as good for the Mormon Church as for any other. But other churches can see that it does not hold good for the Mormons; the "rights of an American citizen" do not shut the Mormon Church out of politics, nor prevent the Mormon majority in Utah from getting the political con-trol of the State. Yet these other churches cannot see that their own activity in politics must lead just as surely to a union of religion with the civil power, and that on a wider scale than ls possible in a single State. They do not, or at least profess not, to see this; but it is nevertheless true, and a truth than which there is none -more important demanding the attention of the American people. "To the Clergy." THE following editorial from the Outlook, addressed "To the Clergy," is worthy of the widest circulation pos-sible. It is wise and true in itself, and from that source it is especially interesting It is most devoutly to be wished that "the clergy" would conform strictly to the principle here laid down. This is the principle for which the AMERICAN SENTINEL exists:Š "The public are apparently most interested in public questions; but far more important than any public ques-tions are those which are purely personal. The minister shares the universal interest in such problems as, What shall be done with the Philippines? Who shall be the next governor? By what legislative method shall the State deal with the liquor problem? He has before him on Sunday morning a congregation interested in these and kindred problems. If he speaks upon them and has anything to say, his sermon will make good copy for the daily press, and will be reported, or misreported. The temptation is strong to fall into the current, to turn his pulpit into a platform, and his sermon into apolitical or a sociological address. "The temptation is the more seductive because moral principles are involved in these questions, and it is not always easy to distinguish between the moral principle which it is his duty to inculcate and the political method which it is not his function to urge; between the virtue of temperance and the legislative method of prohibition; the virtue of honesty and the triumph of his own party; the virtue of patriotism and the policy of expansion or its reverse. "Nevertheless the community as well as the church is a loser when the preacher yields to this temptation, and ceases to be a preacher of righteousness and becomes an instructor in politics or sociology. For the latter func-tion he has no special equipment. His library is not rich in political and sociological departments. He has no expert knowledge and no special information. He is as dependent as his congregation for his knowledge of the facts on the daily papers, and generally also for his un-derstanding of principles. He is either much more or much less than the average man if he is not subject to partisan prejudices, is not a Republican, a Democrat, a Populist, or a Prohibitionist. It is not safe for him to assume that he is superior to those prejudices which are common to humanity; and if he is unprejudiced because he is indifferent, he is unfit to be a teacher. The fact that the press will report his political sermon and no other, is rather a reason against preaching it than the reverse. For the kingdom of God cometh not with observation; and he who preaches for the newspapers rarely preaches with real effectiveness to his own congregation. "On the other hand, if he turns aside from his specific function of illuminating and inspiring the individual life, there is no one else in the community to take up his work. And his work is by far more important than that which beckons him away from it. It is far more impor-tant that the individuals in the community should be inspired by habits of self-control than that the State should have any particular form of legislation on its statute-hooks; that the citizens of all parties should be educated to abhor that which is evil than that political power should be transferred from one party to another; that Americans should govern themselves with honor in their individual lives than that they should assume the government of a new and distant people. For the solu-tion of all political and sociological problems depends on this spiritual illumination and inspiration of the in-dividual. Without it there will be the grossest licen-tiousness and self-indulgence in spite of laws on the stat ute-book; political reforms will only transfer the State from one set of robbers to another, and the expansion of America will be the expansion of selfish and corrupt mis-rule. . . . "What more natural than that the minister should make his pulpit instructions bear directly upon these public themes? But we are convinced, and we should like to convince our clerical readers, that they should do so very rarely, if at all. This is not at all because the congregations are divided in sentiment on these ques-tions, nor chiefly because they are wearied with the over-discussion of them in the press. nor altogether because the minister is not generally better informed upon them than most of his people; it is because the people have come to church under the pressure of a different need. Some of them are consciously perplexed by problems of personal duty on which they desire light; all of them un-consciously suffer from some unrecognized atrophy and need life. "The minister who fails to understand this need and to find in the Gospel of his God a means of ministering to it, whether he turns his pulpit into a lecture platform in order to attract the crowd, or neglects his pulpit al-together and endeavors by social calling to build up a congregation, or suffers his church work to fall into a second place and gives himself to civic reform, law en- 