2 A.mriatakc.A.N Am. 10, No. 1. principles of persecutionŠprinciples of the church of Rome,Šwhich are nothing else than antichristian principles. In the very beginning, we told the people that there was danger that the National Reform movement would succeed, and that by this the National Government would be brought under the domination of the church power. By every right means, and in every possible way, we ex-posed the principles of National Reform-ism and clearly showed them to be anti-christian principles aloneŠby whomsoever carried into practice. For seven years also we ceased not to tell the people, and to warn the National Reformers them-selves, that as surely as the National Reform movement should succeed, the triumph of the church of Rome in this country would certainly follow. At the end of these seven years, the National Reform movement had succeeded. In 1892, the Government of the United States, in all three of its branches, was surrendered to the church power; and in January, 1893, this surrender was con-firmed. And since that time we have had sufficient to occupy our space in pointing out the progress of the church of Rome in fastening her tentacles upon the nation, until now we are obliged to state that she has, in her arrogance, taken possession of the country, and proposes to deal with it and run it, as " a Catholic country." So open and plain has this now become, that the organ of the National Reform con-spiracy from the beginning, some time ago was constrained to exclaim that " if the American people realized the extent to which the Catholic Church had gained a hold upon the National Government, they would turn white with fear and wrath." Let us recall the steps that have been taken by the papacy since the National Reformers succeeded in subverting the American principles and setting up in their place the principles of the papacy by the National Government. Even in 1892, in the very period of the successful culmination of the National Reform aims upon the Government, the plan of Leo XIII. concerning the United States was made public, in which it was announced that " what the church has done in the past for other nations she will now do for the United States." In 1893, Satolli was sent to this country with the command froth Leo to the Cath-olics of America, and he announced it to them in the World's Catholic Congress in Chicago, in September: "Bring your country into immediate contact with that great secret of blessednessŠChrist and his church." And at the same time he prom-ised them " aye ! an hundred-fold " reward upon their efforts as they should " go for-ward " to the fulfillment of this command. About a month later, when the Catholic Church was heard in the World's Parlia-ment of Religions, in the paper by Prof. O'Gorman of the Catholic University of Washington City, this country was claimed as a Catholic country "by right of dis-covery and colonization" and by right of "its Christian character and principles." In the same monthŠOctoberŠat Cardinal Gibbons' jubilee, Archbishop Ireland an-nounced the union of the Catholic Church and the United States, and congratulated the assembly in the banqueting-hall upon their having the privilege of seeing this union " typified " in the arrangement then before their eyes in which "the Vice-President of the United States comes and  takes his seat at the right hand of the cardinal." Sept. 22, 1894, Bishop Keane, returning from Rome, announced thatŠ The policy of the pope . . is the union of the church with the great democratic powers of the future Šthat is, America and France. This is his hope, and toward it all his remarkable energies are bent. Two days after this a long dispatch was sent through the Associated Press of the country, in which it was stated that Bishop Keane was " the bearer of a rescript from Pope Leo XIII.," of which the purport is given in the following words:Š The papal rescript elevates the United States to the first rank as a Catholic nation. Heretofore this coun-try has stood before the church as a "missionary" country. It had no more recognition officially at Rome than had China. . . . By the new rescript the country is freed from the propaganda and is de-clared to be a Catholic country in whose people the pope has amplest confidence and on whom he confers the rights of self-government, subject only to the holy see on matters of faith. In a way this remarkable action of the Roman pontiff may be looked on as the most astonishing of all the stupendous effects wrought in the world by the American Republic. Thg United States is considered by the pope as the most promising field in the world for the church. The importance,, not only to Catholics, but to all citizens of the United States, of this radical change in the relations to Rome of the church in America, can scarcely be overestimated. That it should be authoritatively an-nounced that the pope of Rome is bending all his energies to the union of the Cath-olic Church and the " power " of the United States, and that the United States is now declared to be a Catholic countryŠsurely this of itself is of "importance to all citizens of the United States" even without the papacy saying so. But when the papacy goes so far itself as to publicly announce that the importance of this step " to all citizens of the United States ' " can scarcely be overestimated," then it is evident that the papacy intends that this procedure shall be of the greatest importance to all citizens of the United States. And note, too, the words that are used. It is not said that this is of importance to the people, nor even to all people, of the United States; but to all citizens of the United States. " Citizens" is wholly a political, a governmental, phrase. It is impossible that that word can have any other than a political bearing. And this makes it perfectly plain that this proce-dure on the part of the papacy in declar-ing this "to be a Catholic country," and elevating it "to the first rank as a Cath-olic nation," is intended to have none other than a political bearing and mean-ing. This does indeed make the thing of such importance to all citizens of the United States as can scarcely be overesti-mated. Is it any wonder that seeing this, the fruit of their own efforts, and so soon, too, the National Reformers should begin to "turn white with fear and wrath "? And they will turn whiter yet with fear and wrath, and perhaps some other color with vexation, before they get done with the fruit of their doings. Having fixed the United States in her plans as a Catholic country, and even exalted it to the first rank as a Catholic nation, it is but natural that the papacy should at once proceed to treat it as a Catholic nation and its people as Cath-olics. For what is a Catholic nation for, if it is not to be subject to the will of the papacy, and to be used to further the de-signs of the papacy both in that country itself and in the world ? Accordingly, the next thing mapped out by Leo is to proceed to the use of this  nation as a Catholic nation for Catholic purposes, and by it to gain new life for the Catholic power throughout the world. For some time the pope has been, and even now is, engaged with his "chief thought" upon what the authoritative reports call, The Encyclical to the Amer-icans," and, "The Encyclical to the Amer-ican People." And that it is intended, indeed, to be addressed to the Americans or the American people themselves rather than to the Catholics in America, is made plain in the forecasts that have been given of it. And this form of address is in per-fect papal keeping with that which has already been done in elevating America " to the first rank as a Catholic nation." Having made America a Catholic nation, he will now count the American people Catholics and will address them accord- ingly, signifying to them his will which he will expect them to accept and respect accordingly. But let us take a glance at this coming " Encyclical to the Americans," " as it has been outlined in advance, that all may see for themselves just what ground it is pro-posed that the thing shall cover. Under date of " Rome, October 14," to the New York Sun, and reprinted in the Catholic Standard of November 3, 1894, "Innom-inato" furnishes a column of matter, from which we take the following :Š The United States of America, it can be said with-out exaggeration, are the chief thought of Leo XIII. in the government of the Roman and Universal Cath-olic Church; for be is one of the choice intellects of the Old World who are watching the starry flag of Washington rise to the zenith of the heavens. A few days ago, on receiving an eminent American, Leo XIII. said to him: " But the United States are the future; we think of them incessantly." The inatten-tive politician, the superficial observer, in Europe as in America, is astonished at this persistent sympathy for the American people and care for its general inter-ests. But those who know the ardent soul of the pope, restless for what is good, eager for all that is great and fruitful; the philosopher who sweeps over the whole intellectual, social and religious horizon; the states-man who judges matters by the light of central and governing ideas; these all read in the heart of the holy father the motives for his unbending resolution and his devotion to American ideas. This ever-ready sympathy has its base in the fundamental interests of the holy see, in a peculiar conception of the part to be played and the position. to be held by the church and the papacy in the times to come. Ł Ł Ł Ł That is why Leo XIII. turns all his soul, full of ideality, to what is improperly called his American policy. It should rightly be called his Catholic uni-versal policy. . . . It is in this perspective, wide as a great world and lasting as a whole epoch, that the coming American encyclical must be viewed. To make the delegation independent and sovereign, with a supreme ecclesiastical tribunal; to support Monsignor Satolli and make his mission permanent and suc-cessful; to point out the means of increasing influence and liberty; to continue this policy of moderation and adaptability which has brought peace to the nation; to deal, in a word, with. all the important questions of the day and to fix for good the ecclesiastical typeŠthe model of life which Leo XIII. wishes, little by little, to bring within the reach of the weakening peo-ples of the Old WorldŠthat is, the sublime inspiration of the encyclical to the Americans. To say more would be indiscreet; let us wait for events. The United States, after a century of civil greatness, will have the privilege, unequaled in his-tory, of giving to a whole continent examples and les-sons. A nation full of vigor and 7911 1 authority full of lifesprings can alone be strong enough to carry out this historic task. Such is the use that the papacy proposes now to make of this "Catholic nation." And as this scheme is proposed and will be insisted on as the essential thing 'for the salvation of the nation, it will be but an easy step to pass on to the proposition that whoever opposes this scheme will, of necessity, be aiming at the destruction of the nation and must therefore be dealt with as an anarchist. And as the scheme is to be worked through this " Catholic 