712 AMERICAN SENTINEL. IN his proclamation setting apart a day of national prayer and thanksgiving, President McKinley does not follow the precedent set up in the proclamation of last year. It will be remembered ,that in the latter the people were directed to offer the sacrifices of prayer and thanks-giving "in the name of Him who has taught us to pray," thus giving to the Christian religion alone the official recognition of the government. The proclamation for this year makes mention of "God," the "Most High," and the "Giver of every good and perfect gift;" but makes no direct allusion to the recognized Author of Christianity. * HOWEVER, the proclamation does contain an implied recognition of Christianity, in that it quotes from the Scriptures which are recognized by Christians alone as it divine revelation. It begins by saying, "In remembrance of God's goodness to us during the last year, which has been so abundant, ' Let us offer unto Him our Thanks-giving, and pay our vows unto the Most High." This quotation is from the Psalms, and as such would not be objectionable to some who are not Christians, as, for example, the Jews. But as much could hardly be said for the following, which occurs in a subsequent paragraph: "On this day of rejoicing and domestic reunion, let our prayers ascend to the Giver of every good and perfect gift, for the continuance of his love and favor to us," etc. The expression "every good and perfect gift," is borrowed from the epistle of James. * * * OF course, in view of the fact that the president and a large proportion of the people whom he addresses, are in profession Christians, it could not be expected that in issuing a proclamation based upon religion, any other than the Christian religion would be recognized in it. If it be proper to make an official religious proclamation at all, it is proper also to issue it in the name of one partic-ular religion. INDEED, reason would dictate it as the more consist-ent Course for the president, if he is to direct the people to worship God with prayer and thanksgiving, to indi-cate in his proclamation who is the God to be so hon-ored. For he must be surely aware that "there be gods many and lords many," and the people are not in unison in belief and practice as regards their religious wor-ship. And it would but poorly commend the intelligence  and sincerity of its author should the proclamation rec-ognize all worship, in whatever manner conducted or to whatever object directed, as being praiseworthy and es-sential to the general welfare of the people. * * As it stands now, the people are directed simply to observe the day "with appropriate religious services in their respective places of worship." This is something which all classes can readily comprehend, but which, as exemplified in practice,,  would present somewhat strange and contradictory features were all classes of people to do as the proclamation invites them. There would be, for example, a material difference between the manner in which this instruction would be carried out by Wong Fo, the disciple of Confucius, and by John Smith, the disciple of Christ. The president did not, of course, in-tend to invite the former to pay his respects to Joss; nor did he design to invite the disciples of Joseph Smith and Brigham Young to assemble in their temples and read from the Book of Mormon. He did not mean to invite the Spiritualists to hold a seance and engage in the cere-monies peculiar to their worship; nor that the follower of Mohammed should give praise and thanksgiving to Allah. Probably he did not intend that any praise should be ascribed to the Virgin Mary, or to others of the "saints," as is done in the worship of the Catholic. * * WHAT the proclamation does intend, as all will ad-mit, is that there shall, on the 25th day of this month, be an assembling of professedly Christian people in their respective places of worship, for the purpose of prayer and thanksgiving to God for his goodness, in a manner not repugnant to Protestant Christianity. And since this is what the proclamtion means, the question natu-rally arises, why this should not be what it plainly says. THE answer is, of course, that the government would be out of place in showing preference for any particular sect or mode of worship. And this is true. But having invited the people to engage, upon a specified day, in religious worship, the government cannot consistently stop short of designating the religion which is to deter-mine the character of that worship. It canno t consistently endorse all religions as good and worthy of practice, even in a highly civilized country. Must the government, therefore, be inconsistent, in order to keep in its proper place? Must it endorse all religions that may be pro-fessed by its citizens, in order that it may not commit the wrong of showing favor to one above the others ? * * * MANIFESTLY, this cannot be. And thus we are brought to the conclusion that the only proper course for a civil government is to refrain from any recognition of religion, leaving that matter to the individual choice 