658 THE SENTINEL OF' LIBERTY. and the kingdom shall not be Łleft to other people, * * * but * * * it shall stand forever." Dan. 2:44. This latter text shows not only that the kingdom is eternal, but that its subjects are immdrtal, for " the kingdom shall not be,left to other people." In this mortal,  state one generation passes off the stage of action and leaves its possessions to the succeeding generation; but in the immortal state it will not be so. "The righteous shall inherit the land, and dwell therein forever." "The Lord knoweth the days of the upright; and their inheritance shall be forever." Ps. 37: 29, 18. New Testament Testimony. Upon this subject the New Testament is, of course, in harmony with the Old. Said Our Saviour, speak-ing of his future, glorious kingdom: " They which shall be accounted worthy to obtain that world, and the resurrection from the dead, neither marry nor are given in marriage, neither can they die any more, for they are equal unto the angels, and are the chil-dren of God, being the children_of the resurrection." Luke 2o: 35, 36. The words of our Lord show that the subjects of his glorious kingdom will, before inheriting that kingdom, be accountedwortIg. Thisplaces that king-dom after the final judgment of " the great day." And with this agree the words of the apostle: " Be-hold, I show you a mystery; we shall not all sleep [that is, die], but we shall all be changed, in a mo-ment, in the twinkling of 'an eye, at the last trump, for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be'  raised incorruptible, and we [the liVing] shall be changed." i Cor. 51, 52. The Hope of the Fathers. 2t.s already seen from the quotations made from the 37th -Psalm, the eternal nature of the kingdom of God was not a new truth, nor was it a truth re-vealed for the first time through the apostles, neither was the immortal nature of the,subjects of that king-dom anew thought. As already seen, the psalmist had declared that they shOuld " dwell therein for-ever," and in the Acts of the Apostles we learn that the " fathers " did not expect to inherit this everlast-ing kingdon in this mortal state, but that they looked. to the resurrection as the time when they should enter upon the promised inheritance: When before the Jewish 'council Paul declared: "Of the hope of the resurrection of the dead am I called in question," Acts 23: 6. And again, when deClaring his faith be- fore Felix, he said: " This I confess unto thee, that after the way which they call heresy, so worship I 'the God of my fathers, believing all things which are written in the law and in the prophets; and hav-ing hope toward God, which they themselves also alloW, that there shall be a resurrection of the dead, both of the just and of the unjust." Acts 24: 14, 15. And, finally, before Agrippa, the apostle plainly de-clared his hope, the hope of the resurrection of the dead, to be the hope of the fathers; he said: "And now I stand and am judged for the hope of the prom-ise of God made unto the fathers; unto which prom-ise our twelve tribes, instantly serving God day and night, hope to come. For which hope's sake,,king Agrippa, I am accused of the Jews. Why should it be thought a thing incredible with you that God should raise the dead?" Acts 26: 6, 7. The apos-tle's question, " Why should it be thought a thing incredible with you that God should raise the dead? " connects this unmistakably With his words already quoted from Acts 23: 6, and shows that the " promise of God made unto the father's," could be fulfilled only by the resurrection of the dead. t,  If Ye Be Christ's." The promise referred to by the apostle was the promise made to Abraham and to his seed, namely, the promise that he should be the heir of the world." Rom. 4: 13. And that this was not a promise of a temporal inheritance to mortal men is made clear in the 11th chapter of Hebrews, for there we learn that those to whom the promise was made " all died in 'faith, not having received the promises [or, as One version has it, " the promised blessings "], but having seen them afar off, and were persuaded of them'and embraced them, and confessed that they were strangers and pilgrims on the earth." The promise was, as we have seen, the earth as an everlasting inheritance. The promise to Abraham was, that he should be " the heir of the world." " Now to Abraham and his seed were the promises made. He saith not, And to seeds as of mahy, but as of one, And to thy' seed, which is Christ." "And if ye be Christ's, then are ye Abraham's seed, and heirs according to the 'promise." Gal. 3: 16, 29. So, then, every one who belongs to Christ is a joint heir with him to, this world; not this "present evil world," sin-cursed and marred by violence, but as it will come forth the second time from the hand of the Creator, when, in the presence not only of the assembled hosts of heaven, but of the throng of the 