'1"13E SENTINEL :Or iji).3-re-ry. 599 over, those bent on enforcing the law have discovered that there is le-gal precedent for construing the ex-emption in a narrower sense, so as to exclude the permission to keep open places of business. Be-tween this interpretation of the law and the neces-sity of proving a conscientious regard for the seventh day, " exemption " does not appear-to be any very great blessing to the seventh-day people in New England's leading city. s. FREEDOM OF WORSHIP IN SPAIN. THE attitude of that " most Catholic country," Spain, toward religious freedom is well illustrated by the following, which was printed in a Spanish journal of Zaragoza last, August in view of a pros-pective Christian Endeavor convention which was to be held in that city. It may be remembered that some years ago Catholics in the United States came forward with a " Freedom-of-worship" bill for them-selves, which they sought to have enacted into law as though they needed some further liberty, although they had as much freedom of worship as any church in the land. This journal from which we quote states the real Catholic position on this point: " If the news which is abroad should be con-firmed, it is proposed to celebrate to-morrow in Zara-goza, in the very land which has been pressed by the feet of Mary, in the land watered by rivers of blood-shed by the innumerable martyrs of the Catholic Church, in that land which has become immortalized by its great prowess in its opposition to the foreign yoke, an assembly of the most bitter enemies of the worship of the Virgin, of the blood of our martyrs; of the glory of our ancestors, of all that which is the soul of our life, our existence, and our name. "The project of this meeting comes from Eng-land, from that vreat saint of Protestatism, Dr. Clark, according to the Esfuerzo Cristiana, a monthly bulle-tin of the sect, which is published (let us admit it with shame) in Zaragoza. . . . " Zaragoza ! The Protestants have lost their senses, or they do not know us, do not know the people of Zaragoza, the town which has made itself famous by its indomitable energy in defending its national and religious independence, which can not be the meeting place of any Protestant congress, much less of the first. The pretense is as audacious as it is puerile, and by it the Sectaries of the apostate Luther show that they are utterly ignorant of -the ground on which they stand, and that their daring is equalled only by their stupidity. ".This `First National Convention' will not be  celebrated; arid, if it should be celebrated, it will be in secret and in the .shape of a most foolish and ridiculous failure, like that of the project for the pro-gramme, which appears more like a -railway time-table than a programme..  " In setting out upon this campaign of opposition and protest, coming from the depths of our soul, against this projected convention, we are sure that we are not moved by religious fanaticism of any kind, nor by pretended intolerance toward the ene-mies of our faith; we are simply Zaragozan Catho-lics, lovers of the lawful right of reason and of all the rights of the truth, of that truth which will make you free, as the gospel says, and which flees there-fore from the bondage of error. The error of free study of this Word, after having borne its standards through India, Mexico, Japan and China, comes to plant them in front of the invincible standard of the Virgin of the. Pillar. Fortunately, although it was - prepared with caution, the unworthy plot has been discovered in season. . . . " Inhabitants of Zaragoza! Gather round our banner, which is that of the Virgin of the Pillar, with the tenacity, with the energy, with the prover-bial integrity, of our land. Let every one be in his place, and the victory is sure. 'They challenge us, they provoke us, they wish to stain the blessed soil of Zaragoza with a manifestation unworthy of our beliefs. In Zaragoza there is no place for other manifestations than those of the great body of Catholics, protesting against the indignity." Nevertheless, says the leading Endeavor organ; the convention was held, and was a great success. It is a good thing, we may add, for Christian En-deavor that in some lands it comes into contact with religious intolerance. It thus learns to view the arguments and claims of intolerance from the standpoint of the victim rather than from' the side of power and 'popularity and the " law of the land." The principles of Romanism and the argu-ments of intolerance are the same in America that-they are in Spain. ANNEXATION sentiment is growing among the white population of Cuba. "AUSTRIA," says the Catholic Mirror, "is the only country in the world which never put a woman in prison. Instead of giving a woman so many months in jail she is sent, no matter how terrible her record, to one of the- convents devoted for the purpose, and kept there during the time for which she, is sen-tenced." 