674 AMERICAN SENTINEL. in the contest now, he is receiving a training which will make him such in days to come. Jesus Christ, the divine expounder of the law of God, said that "the weightier matters" of that law are justice, mercy, and truth. There can be no loyalty to that law, therefore, without an adherence to the principles of jus-tice and mercy. The Pharisees, to whom Christ addressed these words, held the opposite idea, or at least put the opposite of it into practice. They were the greatest sticklers for "the law," and made a most elaborate formal compliance with it; but at the same time they laid griev-ous burdens upon other people's shoulders, and cared naught for the welfare and the rights of their fellow men. It was by displaying the opposite spirit that Jesus Christ manifested his loyalty to the law of God. He came to undo the heavy burdens, to break the yokes under which men were held in bondage, to open the prison doors, to relieve in every way the distress which had be-come the common lot of humanity. And it is in the same way that loyalty to the divine law will manifest itself to-day. Themovementsfor "setting other people straight,"Šfor laying obligations upon their shoulders out of pro-fessed regard for "the law," for putting upon them the yoke of Puritan theology and inflicting the penalty of fine or imprisonment upon all who refuse conformity with their ideas, partake of the Pharisaical spirit and not of the spirit of genuine loyalty to law. It is upon the law of the Sabbath that the Pharisaical spirit fastens itself most readily. For no part of the law were the Pharisees more zealous than for that which commanded Sabbath observance. How frequently they accused Christ of Sabbath-breaking, because he had brokenŠnot the Sabbath, butŠtheir ideas of Sabbath observance. The record of their mistaken zeal in this respect should furnish a warning to others of a later day to beware of any movement which would force people into uniformity in the matter of observing the Sabbath. Loyalty to the law of God will be manifested in op-position to the spirit of all such movements. Such movements are in the earth to-day, and are rapidly swelling in volume and intensity; and it is in this way that the test will be brought to the people of this day. Let those who would stand for law, stand for the law for which Christ stood, and stand for it as he did. That means that they will manifest the spirit of Christ and not that of the Pharisees. The "weightier matters of the law" are justice, mercy, and truth. Without these, a zeal for the law becomes only a cloak for anarchy. 1.  0 IT was wisely said by Melanethon that God has not made "our knowledge all of a size any more than our bodies," and that therefore people should "be afraid of making the articles of their faith Łtoo numerous lest they shortly become heretics themselves by disagreeing with themselves; and should be afraid of making too strict laws for those who differ in judgment on controvertible  points, lest they should shortly change their own judg-ments, and so make a rod for their.own backs." The wisdom of that observation has been demonstrated in every case of legislation in behalf of religious customs, rites, or institutions, that there has been in the history of the world. THE Christian Citizen says, "Except the state believe on Christ and accept and apply his law of righteousness and love as the fundamental law of the land, it cannot be saved." And the Lord Jesus said, "He that believeth and is baptized, shall be saved." Now will the Christian Citizen tell the people how the state can be baptized when it does "believe on Christ?" Will the Christian Citizen tell the people, in a plain deliberate, and thoughtful way, just what the state is? 1.10 Ł 4-4 Tobacco and Christianity. MR. E. A. KING, author of "The Cigarette and the Youth," has gathered many facts relative to the use and effects of this most deadly instrument of modern civiliza-tion, among which we mention the following:Š "During the fiscal year 1895, the total output of the cigarette companies was 4,042,391,640. During one month nearly 358,000,000 were produced. During the-fiscal year 1896, 4,043,798,737 were produced, making'  an increase of over one million for the year. During the month of October, 458,929,090 were produced. . . . It is stated on good authority that there are nearly 5,000 cigarette smokers in Chicago public schools." "This is a Christian nation," declares the Supreme Court, and the statement is echoed in many places by pulpit and press. Yes; we are a smoking Christian na-tion,Šfour billions and over of cigarettes consumed in a single year by the youth, besides all the tobacco that is manufactured into cigars and smoked in pipes. Very suggestive is smoke of Christianity and all that pertainsŁ to it! Is this "Christian nation" to find at last in a realm of smoke its congenial home? An observer might well be pardoned for coming to this conclusion. "Swearing like pirates, smoking like chimneys, and headed straight forthe saloon, go young America by the-thousands," says an authority upon the subject of the tobacco habit in this country. And the cigarette habit is the first step in this downward career. And yet our Sunday laws allow the sale of tobacco on Sunday as a necessity, and prohibit the sale of bread! There is noth-ing to equal the sagacity and fine discernment of a Sunday law. If steps are to be taken to save this nation and make it Christian, let them be first and foremost in the line of checking this terrible tide of evil that catches its human prey in the very outset of their lives. But what can be-done to rescue the children from the tobacco demon while fathers and older brothers and even mothers voluntarily- 