SEPTEMBER 12, 1895. RIE1NrrIN1H:i11-1. 283 privilege granted to ordained ministers, of vis-iting people in prison. And all this occurs in a section of country where religious intolerance cannot be charged to political animosity, race prejudice, or any of those causes which some Northern journals, in commenting upon the persecutions in the South, have alleged as the underlying reasons therefor. The one cause of it all is the spirit of religious intolerance which is fast taking possession of people in all sections of the coun-try, and not only here, but in the most civilized lands elsewhere. Ł ROGER WILLIAMS AND SUNDAY STATUTES. JULY 18, Mr. A. F. Ballenger, of this city, addressed a letter to Mr. Sydney S. Rider, editor of Book Notes, Providence, R. I.,and secretary of the Rhode Island Historical Soci-ety, making the following inquiry:Š Can you direct me to some work which will inform me as to how early Sunday laws were enacted in Rhode Island ? It is very evident that Roger Williams de-nied the right of the civil magistrate to "punish a breach of the Sabbath," and it therefore becomes an interesting question as to how early such laws were enacted in his colony. In Book Notes, for July 27, Mr. Rider re-sponded at some length, stating that the first Sunday law in Rhode Island bears date of Sept. 2, 1673Šten years before the death of Mr. Williams. This statute simply prohibited gambling and drunkenness upon the first day of the week. In 1679'it was extended some-what, being amended so as to impose a fine " upon such evil-minded men as did" " re-quire their own servants to labor upon the first day of the Ł weeky.and hired the servants of other men forAhe same purpose." In 1719, foitysirt years after the death of Roger Willitinis,—thifi.law was again amended to read--;" NoTersen within this colony shall do, or exercise:any,labor or business or work of their ordinary calling, nor use any game, sport, play, frecreation on the first day of the week, under:  penalty," etc. Mr. Rider says- file fact that Mr. Williams held that " the magistrate ought not to punish the breach of the, first table, otherwise than in such case as disturb the civil peace," did " not .merm that Williams denied the power of the MAI magistrate to punish a breach of the;Sabbath. We think that`Mr. Rider errs in'this. , :Henry S. Burrage, D. D., introduces this matter incidentally in his "History of, the Baptists in New England." * Speaking of -Roger Williams, he says:Š The church then called him, as the suc- cessor of Mr: Higginion, who, on account of feeble health, was compelled to retire from active service. The Salem Church:was the oldest church in the col-ony, having been organized August 6, 1629, " on prin-ciples of perfect and ;entire independence of every other ecclesiastical,bOdy." The civil authorities in Boston protested against this action of the church in Salem: "That whir as, Mr. Williams had refused to join with the congregation at Boston, because they would not Make. a.public-declaration of their repent-ance for having comp:tuition with the churches of Eng-land, while they lived there; and besides, had declared his opinion that the Magistrate might not punish the breach of the Sabbathy,nor any other offense that was a breach of the first table : , therefore, they marveled they would choose him withOttt advising with the council; and withal desiring that they would forbear to proceed till they had conferred about it." 1- Pages 14-15. Ł This makes i't4ositively certain that this was at least understood to be Roger Williams' position upon-  this cluestion at that time, and it ought to,. set the. matter quite fully at rest. The " Schaff-Herzog Encyclopedia of Reli- * Published by American Baptist Publication Society, 1420 Chestnut St., Philadelphia.' t The authority ,which .Mr. Burrage cites, isŠ" History of Plymouth Plantation." Coil, of Mass. Hist. Soc. Vol. III., p. 310. gious Knowledge," article, " Roger Wiillams," says:Š Mr. Williams had refused to join with the congre-gation at Boston, because they would not make a pub-lic declaration of their repentance for having com-munion with the churches of England while they lived there; and besides had declared his opinion that the magistrate might not punish a breach of the Sabbath nor any other offense, as it was [which was considered] a breach of the first table [first four commandments] of the Decalogue. It was for this opinion that Mr. Williams was banished from Massachusetts, as will ap-pear from the following further quotation from the " Schaff-Herzog," as follows:Š The most noted of the proscribed opinions of Will-iams was the doctrine that the civil magistrate should not inflict punishment for purely religious error. It has been urged that it was not simply for his doctrine of religious liberty, but for other opinions also, that Williams was banished. This, however, will not ex-culpate the General Court; for we find them enacting a law, that "If any person or persons within the ju- risdiction . . . shall deny . . . their [the magistrates'] lawful right or authority . . . to punish the outward breaches of the first table . . . every such person or persons shall be sentenced to banishment." In other words, though it be admitted that Williams was banished for other utterances, to-gether with the proclamation of the doctrine of reli-gious freedom, the court deemed it proper to decree banishment for that teaching alone. The "American Cyclopedia," article, " Roger Williams," speaking of the proposed settlement of Mr. 'Williams as assistant pastor to the congregation at Salem, says:Š A remonstrance from the General Court against his settlement was immediately transmitted to Salem, in which it was complained that he had refused "to join with the congregation at Boston, because they would not make a public declaration of their repentance for having communion with the churches of England, while they lived there;" and besides this, " had de-clared his opinion that the magistrate might not punish a breach of the Sabbath, nor any other offense, as it was [perhaps considered as] a breach of the first table." These authorities seem to leave no question as to the attitude of Roger Williams toward laws designed for the protection of the day; and this view is not materially affected by the fact that a law was enacted in Rhode Is.and, prohibiting drunkenness and gambling, and the employment of servants upon Sunday. For it was not until forty-six years after the death of Mr. Williams that ordinary labor on Sunday was prohibited, so that it is certain that Roger Williams was not in favor of such Sunday laws as are upon the statute books of most countries to-day. SECURING THE SABBATH. THE Scriptures tell us that " the Sabbath was made for man" (Mark 2: 27); that it was made by the Lord when he had finished the work of creation '(en. 2:2, 3), and that it was given by him to man to be a sign between him and those who would honor him by its observance. Eze. 20: 12, 20. The observance of the Sabbath is com-manded by the law of God, which speaks to all the world. When God spoke his law from Mount Sinai, his voice shook the world (Heb. 12: 26); and we read of that law that " what things soever the law saith, it saith to them who are under the law, that every mouth may be stopped, and all the world may become guilty before God." The law must therefore be of universal application. It is the will of God that all men should keep his Sabbath. Not to keep it would be a transgression of his law, and a sin; for " sin is the transgression of the law." 1 John 3 : 4. And as surely as God is Sovereign of the universe, it is never necessary that any man should do a thing that is contrary to His will. It is never  a necessity that any man should sin. It is certain, therefore, that it is possible for every person to keep the Sabbath. Everyone can secure its rest and its blessings every week in the year if he wills to do so. Whether other men keep the Sabbath or not, makes no difference with his own privi- lege and responsibility in the matter. God made the Sabbath for every person, individu-ally, and it is for each one to accept and ob- serve it, without reference to the course of others. No person can excuse his own wrong-doing by pleading the wrong-doing of his neighbors. No human law, therefore, can have any place in securing to tiny person the privilege of keeping the Sabbath. No human law can enforce an obligation that is due to God. Divine obligations were not left to be enforced in that way. God has not forbidden sin un-der penalty of eternal death, and yet left men to secure righteousness by so weak and un-certain a thing as human law. God has secured righteousness in Sabbath-keeping and in every other requirement of his, law, by something infinitely stronger and better than any human enactment, and that is, the power of his own word. " By the word of the Lord were the heavens made, and all the host of them by the breath of his mouth." Ps. 33:6. By that power which created man in the beginning, he is created anew in Christ, or made righteous. And of this creative power the Sabbath is the weekly reminder. But it may be said, Ought there not to be a Sabbath law for the benefit of weak-kneed persons who would like to keep the Sabbath, but fear it might go hard with them if they should try it ? Ought not places of business to be closed on the Sabbath in order that men may keep it without risking the loss of money or of position ? So it may seem to some people; but there is no real support for Sabbath laws in considerations of this kind. No moral strength can be derived through a human law. The person who would like to do right but does not do so for fear of the consequences, is in need of a different aid than any that can be supplied him by human enactments. What he needs is faith, and faith is not a thing of human manufacture; it is the gift of God. And the history of God's people in all ages shows that faith is able to sustain a person in following his con-victions of right, not only without the support of any human law, but in the face of adverse laws and of popular sentiment and custom. (See Heb. 11.) He who has God's support in his course of life, cannot reasonably ask for any other sup-port. He whose god cannot support him in right-doing so as to crown the same with success, would better set aside his god at once. That is not the true God,Šthe Lord of the Sabbath. And if God will care for a person while he is doing wrongŠdisregarding the divine commandŠhe will certainly do as much for that person when he turns from his wrong-doing and walks in the pathway of obedience. Let no one imagine, then, that some human legislation is necessary in order that people may be able to do right. The greatest ob-stacle to right-doing is the opposition of the devil, working through the natural evil ten-dencies of every individual heart. And this, with all lesser obstacles, is overcome by the power of the grace of God. Then if any person wants to keep the Sabbath, let him do so, without clamoring for legislation to clear his pathway of real or imaginary obstacles. God has legislated upon Sabbath observance in his own law, and there is no question but that he has covered the subject fully. His word, which is hi 