250 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. trines, at their own expense, but says Mr. Dawes :Š The present management was in favor of divor-cing the Government absolutely from them all, but it found it impossible to do that. And has it come to this, that, through the Indian Department, the different re-ligious denominations of the country have already got such a hold upon the United States Government that they cannot be shaken off ? Is it possible that already there is such a union between the State and these churches, that it is impossible to divorce the Government from them ? That this is so, is proven not only by the statement of Mr. Dawes, but by the result of this discussion in the Senate. Although the effort was to strike out two items of appropriation to Roman Catholic schools, the result was that not only was neither of these stricken out, but both with two more were adopted. Strong opposition to the measure was made, by Senator Reagan, of Texas, and Senator George, of Missis-sippi, whose speeches we shall print in THE SENTINEL; but their noble effort availed nothing. The tide was too strong; the political power of the churches, and especially of the Catholic Church, is too great. The history of the thing is worth relat-ing. It began in 1885, the first year of President Cleveland's administration, when the Commissioner of Indian affairs made this statement :Š The Government should be liberal in making contracts with religious denominations to teach Indian children in schools established by those de-nominations. It should throw open the door and say to all denominations, " There should be no mo-nopoly in good works. Enter all of you, and do whatever your hands find of good work to do, and in your efforts the Government will give you en-couragement out of its liberal purse." In other words, the Government without partiality, should encourage all the churches to work in this broad field of philanthropic endeavor. And according to the list given by Mr. Dawes, the first appropriation of public money that was given for this purpose was $118,343 to Roman Catholics, with $109,916 for all other denominations put together, and that it steadily increased until, by the appropriation for the fiscal year of 1889-90, the Roman Catholics were given $356,967; and $204,993 to all other denominations. That is, within four years the Roman Catholic Church received $1,238,786 while all the other denominations together received $761, 583. In other words, within four years the Roman Catholics were enabled to increase their appropriations $238,424 above the amount with which they began, while all other denominations were enabled to increase theirs but $95,087. Is it diffcult, for any reader to see a direct connection between these facts and figures, and the frequent visits of Cardinal Gibbons to the White House during the presidential administration from March 4, 1885 to March 4, 1889 ? There is no  room for reasonable doubt that the sug-gestion in the report of the Commissioner of Indian affairs for 1885, was secured by the Roman Catholic Church. This prob-ability is made stronger by the fact that in the year 1885, the very year when this thing began, there was established in the city of Washington, a Catholic Bureau of Missions, of which Mr. Dawes says :Š They have been on the ground here for the last five years, pushing Catholic schools upon the Gov-ernment as earnestly as was in their power, and largely to that influence is attributed this great increase, which has come to be three-fifths of all the appropriations. They are active still. No man can fail to see the direct con-nection, we repeat, between these facts and the above figures. It is true that because of their being accessories after the fact, and upon the principle that "the partaker is as bad as the thief ; " the Episco-palians, Methodists, and Presbyterians are inexcusably guilty of participating in this iniquity. But, from the facts, it seems certain that the scheme was originally a Roman Catholic one. Further particulars are also necessary. The present administration desired to stop the flow of this evil tide, and to break the grasp of this devil-fish upon the national Government. But finding it impossible to do so at once, it thought at least to put a check upon it, and, therefore, absolutely refused to recommend any increase of ap-propriation to any church ; and did recom-mend that the Government conduct its own schools and teach the Indians itself. The Catholic Bureau of Missions applied to the present administration for aid in es-tablishing three new schools. There were also applications on the part of the Epis-copalians, the Presbyterians, and the Methodists; but all such applications were refused. With the refusal the Prot-estant denominations contented them-selves; but the Catholic Bureau, says Senator Dawes, " having failed to get a contract for these three schools from the Government in addition, and aggravating the inequality that had already aroused public sentiment, they went to the House of Representatives, without any estimate or recommendation from the Department, and obtained the insertion into the bill, of these three schools." When the bill reached the Senate, an amendment was there added to it voting an appropriation to yet another school, making four in all that the Catholics had secured. As soon as the other denomina-tions heard of this, they hurried up to Congress with a protest against the proposed appropriation; but there was no suggestion of any protest from them against having the appropriation of former years continued both to the Cath-olics and to themselves. It seems, there-fore, that the protest came only because the Catholics had succeeded in obtaining additional money, when they themselves could secure nothing additional. Their  protest, therefore, simply amounts to noth-ing. It has no force whatever ; and their protest never will have any force as long as they continue to receive money from the Government in support of their own church. schools. Let these protesting de-nominations absolutely refuse to take any more money from the Government; let them return to the Government the .money which they have already, and unconstitu-tionally, taken, and then let them protest against the appropriation to Roman Cath-olic schools. This will give some force to their protest. This, however, is hardly to be expected; because, having been sharers with the Roman Catholics in the iniquity of the thing these five years, and now raising a protest only because the Catholics get more than they can get, it is so far contrary to the nature of church encroachments on governmental power, as to be beyond all expectation that these denominations could by any possible means, be led to take such a proper and honest course. It is just to state, that the Baptist Mis-sionary Association is among those who have protested against these appropria-tions ; and their protest is consistent, be-cause they have never been partakers in the evil. The Baptists have pursued a con-sistent course, and have refused to avail themselves of the generous invitations of the administration of 1885-89, and have maintained their own right, as well as their own ability to teach the religion which they believe, at their own expense, without sellingŁ their honor as well as their rights, to the national Government. The condition of things exposed in this debate on the appropriation bill, is one of the most startling revelations that has ever been made on the subject of the union of Church and State in this Govern-ment. The fact that there is already formed such an alliance between the na-tional Government and the Church power that it is considered impossible to break it, ought so to arouse every man who loves religion or the Government that the supposed impossibility of breaking the alliance shall be annihilated, and the whole question be put upon its genuine constitutional basis, and the Government have nothing at all to do with religion in the teaching of it, or in any other way. The reasons for the supposed impossibility of breaking this union of Church and State are, in themselves, of such importance as to require more space than we can give in this article. We therefore defer that point until next week. A. T. J. THE Bible, which is a religious book if any thing, is a subject of controversy among over two hundred sectarian denom-inations, and its introduction into our public schools, must strike at the har-mony that should be cultivated and sus-tained.ŠJudge Thomas Barlow. 