248 ANIERICAN SENTINEL. News, Notes, and Comment. OF course the maintenance of public chaplains in army and navy, and in legislative halls, is a survival of the union of Church and State which alleged Christian bishops and the pagan Constantine set up in the Master's 'despite. The thing is, perhaps, a small matter, politi-cally speaking, though it is serious enough to one who sees blasphemy in its conception and its execution. But when you start wrong, there is no telling where you will ultimatelY land. And there are times when the wrong starting of this official chaplainship results in manifesta-tions so grotesque that one may fairly hope, by calling attention to them, to arouse some minds now ignbrant or disregardful of the essential evil of the whole business, and thus to discredit it, and help along, however little, the good work of its final abolition. * THE latest gentleman to bring discredit on the em-ployment of public chaplains is a clergyman of Little Rock, Ark. It so happened that on the day before he was called upon to exercise his official functions in the presence of the legislature of that State, one William Jen-nings Bryan arrived in the capital city. The preacher informed his Creator of this important occurrence, and also notified him that the town was "all'astir" in conse quence thereof; he then proceeded to deal with the repu-tation of his man, and communicated to the same Being the fact that many persons were under the impresSion that.  Mr.. Bryan could travel more miles On the railway and.make more speeches in a given time than any other citizen of the United States. He went into a number of biographical details concerning his subject, and served notice in advance that all proper arrangements had been made for the entertainment of Little Rock's distinguished guest,. presumably in order, that Deity might under-'stand that He need give Himself 110 uneasiness on this point. * * Now, thi's is by no means a unique case. -Similar ir-reverent utterances are made at nearly every session of, a State legislature, and of the Federal Congress. And the pitifulness of it is that they are often made in per_ feet sincerity, and without the slightest idea of commit-ting any impropriety or doing an act of irreverenceŠand made, too, by clergymen whose business it is not merely to be humble and reverent themselves before the Throne, but, by example, as well as precept, to teach the lessons of humility and awe to otherpeople. Perhaps the clergy-men themselves are, after all, not so much to blame. The,  real root of the matter lies in their position. The Catholic clergy come out of it best, because they have a fixed form of words which they repeat by rote, and those words, be it said withŁ  all respect and good will, embody "glittering generalities," which any man may believe are 'useless or profitable, but which, at any rate, never prove  'offensive to good taste or suggest the idea that the speaker is praying at his hearers, instead of praying to Deity. * ON the other hand, however, nature seems hardly equal to the task of offering anything in the way of an extemporaneous official State prayer which is not more or less a speech to the audience, thinly and poorly dis-disguised. And this for a very good and sufficient rea-son. Prayer is not a matter of State concern; prayer can-not, from its nature, be offered up in an official capacity; prayer cannot be made for an official body, an ideal, legal entity, like a legislature or an army or the Federal Congress. Hence the hired clergy of the State simply un-dertake a task too great for their or anybody else, and they uniformly blunder over it and bring the scorn and contempt of scoffers on the most serious and solemn func-tion connected with the i eligious life. * * * A CLERGYMAN, of the Methodist Conference, lately in Session at Winfield, Kansas, "rose to a question of per-sonal privilege," according to the dispatches, during one of the debates in that body. I suppose he must have said that that was the thing to which he "rose," or the news-paper reporters would not have made use of the expres-sion. But it would be veryinteresting to know just What the reverend gentleman himself understands by "a ques-tion of personal privilege," and what the presidingofficer of the conference who, it appears, did not call him to order for his language, considers to be the proper mean-ing of that well-known Parliamentary phrase. Ordinary people imagine that when a man "rises to a question of personal privilege" in a deliberative body, he, is, strictly speaking, "out of order," in the sense that what he has to say is not directly connected with the matter then under discussion, but that he is "privileged" to say it, because of its Personal relation to himself, and because, otherwise, his conduct or motives might be unjustly im-pugned. * * Bum this clergyman, his "monitor'' and his conference evidently adhere to no such definition. The "personal privilege" to which the bishop arose, and which he was seemingly allowed to exercise without remonstrance or objection from any quarter, consisted in a particularly virulent personal attack on ex-Senator Ingalls for report-ing the recent prize fight at Carson City. In the course of availing himself of this "personal privilege," the rev-erend gentleman charged the distinguished ex-Senator with "prostituting" his intellect, denounced the "ruffian spirit" of Mrs. Fitzsimmons, and branded Mr. Ingalls as a, liar. ,This attack has provoked the caustic Mr. Ingalls to express to the preacher his hope that he has been incorrectly quoted by the press, because, says the ,ex-,  Senator, "I should regret to be compelled to believe that Carson has a higher code of ethics thanWinfield, or 