130 THE A.IVIERICAN SENTINEL. TINEL always. It is absolute truth, and by it the additional truth is manifested that Sunday laws must enforce the relig-ious observance of the day or else stand condemned as the agency of a terrible de-moralization. But for the State to attempt to enforce the religious observance of the day is to work a yet more terrible demor-alization, as history proves. Therefore, thig truth demonstrates the fact, that Sun-day laws are in themselves essential evil, and tend only to the demoralization of society and the State. Such is the work in which the American Sabbath Union is engaged, and in which, from its connec-tion with that Union, the Methodist Church is in no small part engaged. Dr. Fiske closes his article with the following excellent statement to the same effect as the two already quoted :Š In ordaining this day God legislated for man with the purpose of making human history, through spiritual forces, grand and More and more perfect as the years go by, and of procuring the largest benefits of the atonement in the blessedness of the world to come. In harmony with all our other interests the supreme end was the perfection of man's spiritual nature. Dr. Durrell's article is upon " The Dan-gers that Threaten the Christian. Sabbath," and is an argument to prove that this is a Christian Nation, that we have a national religion, that the observance of the Sab-bath is a part of that national religion, and that, therefore, there should be laws to enforce the religious observance of Sunday. He seeks to prove that this is a Christian Nation by saying that " the mother country was, in form at least, Christian," and then inquiring whethar the daughter was trained to be less so. Whether she was or not matters nothing, because the form of Christianity without the power, is worse than no pretension at all to Christianity. The Scriptures dis-tinctly denounce the form of godliness without the power,, and from such iniquity all Christians are commended to turn away. Yet all that any State can ever do in any such connection, is to make the religion which is professed only a mere form, increasing hypocrisy, and multiply-ing evil. From the fact that the Declaration of Independence refers to " nature's God," to the " Creator," the " supreme Judge of the world," and " divine Providence; " because, the concluding resolution of the original articles of confederation recog-nizes " the great Governor of the world," and because the Constitution requires that all executive and judicial officers of the United States, and of the several States, shall be bound by oath or conformation to so support the Constitution, he gathers the conclusion that " we have by the fun-damental law of the land a national relig-ion, and that religion is Christian." That is a very large conclusion from small premises, In not one of the things which he has mentioned is anything said about Christ or the Christian religion, any  more than about the religion of the Deist or the Jew. And so far as the oath which is required by the Constitution of the United States is concerned, any atheist can take that just as well as any Christian. To deduce from these statements a national religion for the United States is a large contract. But when this is not only done but that religion is declared to be Chris- tian, then the depth of the genius that could discover it, is something marvelous. In fact, any mind which can deduce such a conclusion from such premises, is per-fectly able to create conclusions without any premises at all. Next, and upon all that has been said before, he declares that the observance of the Sabbath is a part of our religious system recognized by law. And this is how he make the observance of the Sab-bath a part of the national religion of the United States. Having thus established his national religion, and the observance of the Sabbath as a part of it, he notes some of the dangers that threaten it. He mentions the mail service, the Sunday paper, Sunday trains, frivolity, irrever-ence, and indifference on the part of the Church. In order to do away with these perils, he says, " the members of the evan-gelical churches of the country, consti-tute at least twenty per cent. of the pop-ulation, and church-goers number more than half of the people of the United States ;" and upon this he declares We are strong enough to effect a reform if we only awake and let our voices be heard. If we all do so, and follow up our public protests by conscientious work at the caucus and ballot-box, politicians will treat us in a very becoming and respectful manner. It is time that God's people should be making themselves felt in American politics. Yes, religious reform is a fine thing to carry on at the caucus and the ballot-box. And such work by the clergy always has been very conscientiousŠand so has the work of the Inquisition. When the churches put their dependence in politics, then worse corruption will follow than ever could be without it. Have they no faith in God, that they must appeal to politics ? Another danger which he mentions and which he calls a " grave mistake," is " try-ing to make the Sabbath a day of rest on purely secular grounds." This is another stroke that hits hard a goodly number of the leaders of the American Sabbath Union, at least in their public speeches. But the greatest danger is in this danger, and is, as he says, that the assertion, by the enemies of the Christian relig-ion, that the sanctity of the Sabbath rests on no religious obligation, and that rest should be " en-forced by the State, on the grounds of public and general utility," has made some Christians doubtful as to the wisdom of placing the observance of the day on religious grounds at all. It is worth while for the " civil " Sun-day law workers to study these passages. They do not realize that their compromis-ing, sophistical, " civil Sabbath " argu- ment is a sword that cuts both ways. They had better stop that method of working and stand with Dr. Durrell openly for the enforcement of Sunday ob-servance upon religious grounds. The Doctor closes his article with this sen-tence The State and the Church are separate in our polity, and can never come into organic union; but the State and Christianity were married in 1776, and "-What, therefore, God hath joined together let not man put asunder." Yes, it is a very nicely planned scheme, that the State and the Church are sepa-rate, but the State and Christianity are united. It is precisely the showing that was made by the bishops to Constantine in A. D. 311 and 312. It was represented that Christianity was a distinct thing from the Church; and as a matter of fact this was true, but not in the sense in which they meant it. And upon this showing Constantine formed a union between the State and Christianity as it was repre-sented to him. But as soon as the union had been formed then it was made to appear that the Catholic Church was the-  one in which that Christianity was represented. And what Constantine and the bishops had joined together has been forbidden, in every nation but this, to be put asunder. Dr. Coxe's article proposes "Remedies for Sabbath Decline." The first remedy which he suggests is to " define the issue," and " draw the lines accurately," that is, that there should be made a clear " dis-tinction between the obligation of the Sab-bath under civil law and that which is due under religious enactment." The way he does it is this :Š The obligation to observe the Christian Sabbath is rooted primarily in the divine revelation of duty in the Old Testament; that of the civil Sabbath in the equally divine revelation of need in human nature. We aim to secure the integrity of the civil Sabbath; we seek to promote the sanctity of the Christian Sabbath. Yes, and it is the same " we " who aim to do both. It is the Church and the Church alone, which seeks, and has always sought to promote the sanctity of the Christian Sabbath by aiming to secure the integrity of the " civil Sabbath." There never has been a Sunday law made or enforced except in behalf of the Church. The clear cut distinction upon which Dr. Coxe insists is further illustrated by his next paragraph, in which the second remedy is proposed which is, that they " must begin in the right place " and immediately upon this says, that " Nehe-miah gave us a good example." Then in telling how Ne,heiniali worked out that good example, he says :Š He began with the nobles of Judea. He first rebuked them for profaning the Sabbath day. He appealed to the religious motive. Of course he appealed to the religious motive. There was no other motive to which he could appeal. And as Dr. Durrell and Dr. Fiske in their articles plainly show, there is no other motive to 