68 TPTE AMERICAN SENTINEL. the children were not required to remain in the room, but were at liberty to retire during the reading of the Bible, the Judge justly disposed of by saying that, " It might be very inconvenient for the chil-dren of the plaintiffs to leave the school-rooms during this exercise, which I must regard as a part of the school exercise; and especially so, in the more inclement seasons of the year. And I am not aware that any room is mentioned in the plead-ing to which they could conveniently retire. And it would seem to be an unquestioned right Of every taxable inhabitant . and patron of the school, to have his children remain in the rooms appropriated to their use for the time being, during all school hours, and to be present at all school ex-ercises ; and that these exercises should not, be sectarian in character, nor improp-erly interfere with their religious convic-tions or conscientious scruples. I may here state that I place very little stress upon the fact that the children of the plaintiffs were not required to be present when the Bible was read. Because if the mere reading of - the King James version of the Bible in the public schools of the State constitutes ' sectarian instruction' within the meaning of the Constitution, then it cannot be read." Thus the main questions to be decided were, 1. Is the reading of the King James version of the Bible sectarian instruction ? and, 2. What constitutes an improper and unconstitutional interference with the rights of conscience ? And it is sincerely to be regretted that the Judge was not so fortunately clear in his decision of these two questions as he was in his disposal of the pitiful plea that the Catholic children were not required to' remain in the rooms while the Protestant Bible was being read. On both points he cites decisions of the Supreme Courts of Maine, Massachusetts, Vermont, Illinois, and Iowa, and gives his decision accordingly : these decisions will be noticed separately, as there is matter in them of vast importance to the American people, in view of the use that has been 'made of them in Wisconsin. Judge Bennett presents very little opinion of 'his own in this decision, but what he does present is worthy of particular notice. As to whether the reading of the King James version of the Bible in the public schools is sectarian or not, the Judge says If this belief of the members of the Roman Cath-olic Church is suffcient to exclude the Bible from the public schools, it would exclude any and all versions from being read except the Douay version, and this also unless read and expounded by an authorized teacher and interpreter of the same. . . . The legical result of this claim of the plain- tiffs is that the Douay version is the only version that, could be read in the public schools, and this only when read and expounded by a duly ordained priest, who undoubtedly would expound and inter-pret the same in accordance with the teachings and beliefs of such church. This it would seem,  would amount to " sectarian instruction " within the meaning of the Constitution; and the same wrong would be inflicted upon othbrs of which the plaintiffs complain. ' It is wholly a gratuitous assumption on the part of the Judge that the plantiffs desired to have the Douay version read in the place of the King James version; there is nothing in the case anywhere that shows anything of the kind. They simply asked to be relieved from being compelled to hear the reading of the King James version. But let it be granted that the logic of the case would demand that the Douay version only should be read.. Is it not just as proper that the Roman Catho-lics shall demand that the Douay version be read, as it is for the Protestants to insist that the King James version shall be read? Oh no ! says the the Judge, that " would amount to sectarian instruction within the meaning of the Constitution." Well then, if the reading of the Douay version, according to the Roman Catholic idea, would amount to sectarian instruction, how is it that the reading of the King James version, according to the Protestant idea, would not amount to sectarian in-struction ? How is it that this would be to inflict upon others " the same wrong " as that of which the plaintiffs themselves now complain, when the whole course of this judicial argument and decision is to make it appear that no wrong is inflicted upon the plaintiffs ? If this decision is correct, then no wrong could be inflicted by the Roman Catholics in so doing, and the Judge contradicts himself and his decision when he says it would be to inflict a wrong. And in this self-contradiction he has lost his ease. In saying that the reading of the Douay version, according to the Roman Catholic formula, would be sectarian instruction within the meaning of the Constitution, in all justice the Judge just as certainly says that the reading of the King James version, according to the Protestant for-mula, is also sectarian instruction within the meaning of the Constitution. In say-ing that the doing of that by the Roman Catholics would be to inflict a wrong on others, in all justice the Judge as certainly says that the doing of this by the Protes-tants, is likewise to inflict a wrong upon others. This wrong, within the meaning of the Constitution was inflicted upon the Roman Catholics of the city of Edgerton. They petitioned the Court for relief. Their petition was refused. Therefore it is clearly demonstrated that the Circuit Court of Wisconsin, Judge Bennett pre- siding, does judicially sanction the in-fliction, upon the Roman Catholics, of a wrong within the meaning of the Consti-tution of that State. We shall say some more on this subject next week; but in closing we would re-spectfully submit to all friends of the Golden Rule, and lovers of justice, Have not the Roman Catholics some cause for opposition to the public school' system, at least in Wisconsin ? A. T. J. Government and the Sermon on the Mount. (By the Bishop of Peterborough, England.) (Continued.) WHEN -we have seen, however, that a Christian State is bound only by those precepts of Christ which are addressed to it as such, does it therefore follow that it is freed from all moral obligations what-soever, or that its morality is something different in its nature from that of the in-dividual? Nothing of the kind. The State is bound by precisely the same morality that binds the individual; for morality is not a duty of positive, but of natural obli-gation, and is binding therefore on all men under all possible circumstances. The State may not, any more than the individ-ual may, act immorally in the discharge of its trust. As he may not lie nor steal for his wards, so neither may the State. It may not, for instance, in the interests of its citizens, plunder the property of other States, or lie to them; or take unfair advantage of them in any way. Similarly in 'all its dealings with its own subjects it must be scrupulously and equally just, But this is a natural and not 'a distinctive-ly Christian obligation. Morality and jus-tice were not created, nor even revealed, by Christ; they existed, and were known to exist, before the giving of the Sermon on the Mount, and would have continued to exist had that discourse never been spoken, or had He who spoke it never ap-peared among men. [Here the Bishop makes a singular slip. The State is a person only by a legal fic-tion, as a railroad company or any other corporation is a person. But to say that the State is a moral person, is to speak be-yond all manner of propriety. "The State, as separated from the individuals who com-pose it, has no existence except in a figure." "The State is the people organized into a political body." "The State owes to its own citizens all that it is." The State as an acting thing is, and can be, represented only in the persons who hold the power of the government or the administration." The State, of itself, can do no wrong. When wrong is done the moral guilt attaches only to the persons who are the adminis-tration or the Government. The State can-not steal. If any of the officers of the, -United States Government to-day should steal, the person who stole would bear the guilt of the theft, even though he should have stolen for the benefit of the State. Queen Victoria or Lord Salisbury could not do a dishonest thing, and pass over the moral guilt to the account of the British Empire. The Parliament of Eng-land cannot pass a cruel' or oppressive act and then expect the guilt to fall upon the State. The individual members of the Parliament, as individuals, would each be guilty, as he participated in the wrong. When Clive employed the trick of chang-ing documents, and committed forgery to 