SEPTEMBER 24, 1896. AIVIDEEEJL A.INT 3E1tYY9E1 299 and his will made supreme in the laws of the nation. From this he proceeded to show that all our great political and social problemsŠdiffi-culties which threaten the very existence of the body politicŠwould be easily solved by means of this union of Christianity with the State. And this, he declared, was the only remedy for them. This brought him to the climax of his dis-course, which he reached in these words: " There is something more sacred than the ChurchŠthe fellowship of the nation." This idea he elaborated by saying that the calling of the " Christian" politician is more sacred than that of the gospel minister, in which connection he referred to President Cleveland as " the priest of the White House," whose position was the most sacred of all! Whether these remarks of Mr. Mills fell upon sympathetic ears or not, we are not told, though it would be fair to presume from other circumstances that they did; but cer-tain it is that his views coincide exactly with those of numbers of his fellow-clergymen. It is as though Mr. Mills' discourse was taken by a large number of the clergy as the key-note of the campaign into which they were just about entering. The calling of the "Christian" politician more sacred than that of the gospel minister Što their belief in this sentiment their ac-tions have emphatically testified. But, as we view it, they have just as emphatically pro-claimed the utter unholiness of that same " calling." By the " mud-slinging " and re-crimination which now characterize the Sun-day discourse in so many places, the " Chris-tian " politician of our land is giving us a beautiful(?) illustration of Mr. Mills' theory in operation. The only things lacking to make its beauty complete are a decision by vote that Christ is the nation's King, and that President Cleveland is its high "priest"! s. PROPOSAL TO TAX CHURCH PROPERTY IN PENNSYLVANIA. IT is reported that a movement is under way in Pennsylvania to repeal the tax exemp-tion upon church property in that State. A press dispatch says:Š A movement is on foot that will create a frurore in Pennsylvania. A measure is to be introduced provid-ing for the taxation of church property. J. Carson Mercer, county commissioner of Alle-gheny, is having prepared a bill to be introduced at the next session of the legislature providing that here-after all church property shall be subject to taxation the same as any other property. Commissioner Mer-cer will also bring the matter before the annual con-vention of the State, which will be held in Reading probably next month. Heretofore church property in Pennsylvania has been exempt from taxation for any purpose. The holdings of church property, by all denominations, however, have increased to such enormous propor-tions, that it is now proposed to tax them. It is con-tended that the properties of immense values held by rich congregations should be taxed because, other-wise, it is a discrimination against the small property owner, who is a member of the small congregation and has his taxes increased because the more valuable properties are exempted. The Dunmore (Ps.) Pioneer, in which the above appeared, makes this pertinent com-ment upon the proposed bill: " This is op-posed by some people on the ground that churches are built and maintained by taxpay-ers, and that it is not fair to tax church-goers twice. The same reason would apply to the members of secret societies who erect build-ings, or to anyone else who erects buildings and runs them. That equal and exact justice,  which Jefferson contended, for would tax churches the same as any other property. Exempting church property from taxation is only a step toward a union of Church and State, which can never be countenanced in the United States." Ł HEAPING CONTEMPT ON A SOLEMN THEME. PROBABLY never before since the subject of the end of the world was presented by William Miller and his associates previous to and including the year 1844, has this subject received so much attention from the secular press as during the few days preceding and following Sept. 2, 1896,Šthe date fixed upon by the leader of a fanatical band in Brooklyn for the dissolution of earthly things. The geo-graphical location of this band unfortunately placed them and their doctrine among the observable features of life in the nation's me-tropolis, and naturally they were not overlooked by the sensation hunters whose task it is to keep a modern enterprising daily " up with the times." For several consecutive days the leading secular journals of " Greater New York" published extended accounts setting before their millions of . readers the foolish prophecy of these misguided religionists that the world would end on September 2, and the preparations made in view of the expected event, not forgetting the inevitable reference to " ascension robes," etc. The absurdity of the prediction put forth to the wOld in this instanceŠthat on Sep-tember 2 the sun would reach and melt all the ice at the north pole, causing a deluge which would sweep over the earth, while the little band of " the faithful " would be borne away to paradiseŠdoubtless added to the effect which the setting of a date for the end of the world must have upon the average mind. That this effect is to bring the whole subject of the end of the world and the second advent of Christ into disrepute, as a theme only for religious speculators, visionaries, and fanatics, no one will deny. The subject of the second advent of Jesus Christ is the most prominent and momentous theme of insired prophecy. Its importance to every inhabitant of this earth cannot be exaggerated. The day of his appearing is the day of all days. The first inspired proph-ecy ever uttered by man and recorded for man's instruction was a prophecy of Christ's second coming Š"Behold, the Lord cometh, with ten thousands of his saints, to execute judgment upon all, and to convince all that are ungodly among them of all their ungodly deeds," etc. It was Enoch, the contempor-ary of Adam, who proclaimed these words, and the last revelation which the Book of God records, is " Surely I come quickly." The same momentous theme burdens the pages of Holy Writ everywhere throughout both Old Testament and New. Signs of the end have appeared in the heavens and upon the earth. Sun and moon and stars have given their testimony to the reality of the approaching dissolution. "The sea and the waves roaring," " earthquakes in divers places," " distress of nations, with perplexity," are earthly heralds of the same event. It would require a volume to set forth the prophecies upon the point, with that which has occurred in their fulfillment. The Saviour, in speaking upon this subject to his disciples, as a caution to all men which he foresaw would be most essential, plainly declared: "But of that day and hour knoweth no man, no, not the angels of heaven, but my Father only." Matt. 24:36. This language  is unequivocal. It cuts squarely across all setting of time for the end of world. It compels time-setters to stand before the seeker for truth in their true light, as ignorant or dishonest speculators, and not guides to Scrip-tural truth. It is characteristic of such persons that they still cling to their folly after the dates which they have published are in the past. So it is, we are told, in the present instance. They are certainly to be pitied. But if the harm done by their unscriptural speculation and vagarizing were confined to themselves, their work would not possess a hundreth part of the baleful significance which it has. s. CANADA APPEALS TO ROME. THE Catholic school controversy in Mani-toba has taken a novel and startling turn. Up to this time it has seemed that the advan-tage in the contest was all on the side of the Protestants. It appears now, however, that Rome purposes to reap a very substantial ben-efit from the controversy, even nothing less than the exaltation of the Pope to the posi-tion of arbiter in the affairs of the Dominion. It is an adverse wind indeed which Jesuitical craft and cunning cannot turn in some way to the benefit of the papal ship of State. The facts of the situation are set out, with appro-priate comments, in the Toronto Mail and Empire, of September 10, as follows:Š OTTAWA, Sept. 2.Š(Special)ŠA new and extraordi-nary development of the Manitoba school controversy is about to take place. The government has pur-chased from Manitoba, as the price of a portfolio, certain concessions to the Roman Catholics of that province. At to day's meeting of the Greenway Cab-inet the bargain was ratified, and it is expected that Mr. Sifton will enter immediately, by the grace of the electors of Brandon, into the enjoyment of the consideration. Your correspondent is informed to-night that an emissary of the Laurier Government will leave imme-diately for Rome to ask from the Pope ratification of the bargain. If acceptable to his holiness, the terms of the agreement will be implemented, but if not, the threat of Mr. Laurier to enforce the constitution in its entirety, will be carried out. The whole question now hinges upon the view of the case which will be taken by Pope Leo XIII. According to the information that comes to hand to-night, the gentleman who is to undertake the un-usual task of consulting his holiness has been chosen, and is known to the informant of your correspondent. This course is taken to meet the views of the Quebec Liberals, who insist that before they take their hands off her throat, Manitoba must satisfy the church. In adopting this policy the government is gaining time, which is important, and it is invoking the aid of the visible head of the Catholic Church, which is more important. Never before has a Federal administration in Can-ada taken so remarkable a step. Mr. Mercier made an act of the Quebec legislature dependent upon the approval of the Pope, but though Mr. Laurier had nothing but praise for the sainted count, he never flattered him before to the extent of so close an imi-tation. It will be an unpleasant piece of news to the Canadian public to know that the latest development of the Liberal policy is that in matters educational there is an appeal from the judgment of the Privy Council of England to the judgment of his holiness of Rome. The course of the government has all along been directly contrary to its election promises. There was to have been an immediate investigation of the ques-tion, but there has been none. Sir Oliver Mowat was to be one of a great tribunal to which the issue would be submitted, but Sir Oliver has done nothing beyond sitting comfortably in the Senate. Mr. Laurier was to bring about harmony with Manitoba by means of his sunny ways, but he has traded a portfolio for a settlement. Finally, instead of the people's representatives, who were elected to deal with the subject, being per-mitted to voice the sentiments of their constituents, they are to await the pleasure of the Pope, and follow his directions. It is to be hoped that it is not too late for Mr. Laurier to retrace the unfortunate steps 