24 THE AIVIERIC.A.N SENTINEL. NEW YORK, JANUARY 9, 1890. NOTE.-Any one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. OWING to a lack of funds the "publica-tion of documents of the American Sab-bath Union for 1890" has been postponed. THE field secretary of the American Sab-bath Union announces that he will make another lecture trip across the continent and back, starting across in April and reaching the Atlantic again in August. Definite dates and places of giving the lectures, are not yet announced. THE local Sunday bill for the District of Columbia was presented in the House of Representatives by Representative Breck-inridge, of Kentucky. The Speaker re-ferred it to the Committee on Education and Labor, but by request it was after-ward referred to the Committee on the District of Columbia. We hope to have a copy of the bill for comment in our next issue. WE have received a circular from the secretary of the American Sabbath Union, announcing that the Union is to hold a convention at Washington, D. C., January 30 and 31. "Everybody" is invited, but "especially the friends of the American Civil Sabbath in Virginia, West Virginia, Maryland, and the District of ColuMbia." "The leading purpose of the convention" as announced "is to urge upon Congress the request of the commissioners of the District of Columbia" for a Sunday law. The circular announces that " distin-guished Senators, , Congressmen, pastors and others are expected to speak" besides Mr. Crafts. COLONEL SHEPARD of the so-called Sab- bath Union, is making himself ridiculous and bringing religion, which he is sup- posed to represent, into contempt by such utterances as the following which is at-tributed to him in a speech before the re-cent Dominion Evangelical Alliance:Š The West Shore and Hudson River Railways, which were started for the purpose of running Sun-day excursions, were driven into bankruptcy by the Lord. A new management cut off the Sunday traffic as far as possible, and now their finances are in good condition. At one time no Sunday elevated trains were run on the Sabbath, when it was ar-ranged that a train should be asked for by a Chris-tian minister, who, by the way, very soon was called away from earth. It may do to talk this sort of stuff to people who do not know the facts in the  case, but it will not impress others very much. The truth is that the West Shore Railroad was driven into bankruptcy by a most ruinous competition. Then it passed under the management of the New York Central and Hudson River Railroad. The rates were increased and the number of trains reduced, and the Vanderbilts make money out of it. And Sunday trains both freight and passenger are run, and have been all the time, both on the West Shore and the New York Central. IT is stated that the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland has issued a pastoral address on non-church-going and its causes, which it asks to be read over the pulpits in all the churches on a convenient Sab-bath. It points out that in Glasgow, the most populous city of Scotland, there are not fewer than one hundred and twenty thousand persons who are alienated from public worship. It is further remarked that there is a similar and alarming pro-portion of people in other towns, and even in rural parishes, who habitually absent themselves from church. It may be interesting to remember in this connection that Scotland is probably the most strict Sunday observing country in the world; but it seems that something more than simply refraining from work on Sunday is required to make people pious, or even to insure their attendance at church. Evidently that which Scot-land needs (?) is a law requiring every body to attend church who is not excused fol. some good and sufficient reason. The National Reformers should see what can be done for the country of the Cove-nanters. We should like for some of the people who favor the suppression of base ball on Sunday, to point out what there is about a base-ball game that is uncivil on Sunday any more than on any other day. No one pretends that the playing of a game of base-ball is uncivil in any sense. It can-not be shown that it is in any way uncivil on Sunday, and it is not because of any incivility, in it that they propose to sup-press it on Sunday. Nor is this all; the playing of base-ball is not even irreligious. It is true that men who are not religious play base-ball. It is equally true that men who are religious, and strictly so, can play base-ball and still be religious. Then it is not because the playing of base-ball is either uncivil or irreligious that they pro-pose to suppress it on Sunday; it is solely because Sunday is held by certain people to be a religious day, and that it is to be devoted to religious exercises; and as the playing of base-ball is not a religious exer-cise, therefore it is not consistent with the religious observance of a day. Conse-quently the only purpose of the enactment and enforcement of Sunday laws is to en-force the observance of it as a religious day. k is to compel people who are not  religious to pay religious tribute to those who pretend to be religious. But if the Government is to do this in one thing when it is demanded, why not in everything else as it may be demanded, and have a thor-ough-going union of Church and State at once. That will be the outcome of a na-tional Sunday law. THERE was lately organized, in the City of New York, a league professedly to maintain American institutions. We have not yet seen a copy of its constitution or any official statement of its objects, but from what we can gather from the news-paper report, it seems to be more than anything else an organization to maintain American Protestant institutions as against Catholic institutions. Like most of the attempts in this line, that have lately been made, this looks too much like an attempt to put Protestantism in the place of legal recognition rather than Catholicism, and no American institution can ever be de-fended by any such means as that. Prot-estantism as an established religion, is only the Papacy in principle and under another name. We shall give our readers more particulars in this matter hereafter. " ONE of the most prominent characteris-tics of the American Sabbath Union, says its organ, the Pearl of Days, is its broad basis of practical Christian union for one national, civil, and religious object. Its only shibbotleth ' is the preservation of ' the Christian Sabbath as a day of rest and worship.' It has no sibboleths ' no other motto upon its banner. For this su-preme end Protestants and Roman Cath-olics can and do co-operate, even if they are not incorporated in the institution it-self. Religion and patriotism combine together to keep and to hand down to suc-ceeding generations the blessing of ' the Lord's Day.' Certainly the object of the so-called un-ion is " civil and religious ;" it is civil in that it demands that the civil power en-force a religious institution; and it is re-ligious in that the great underlying mo-tive of the leaders in the " union" is the exaltation of Sunday because of the sa-credness which in their minds attaches to that particular day. The term " civil" which they use is simply sugar used to catch flies that might not relish the odor of Church and State vinegar. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preserva- tion of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending towards a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. SINGLE COPY, PER YEAR, POST-PAID, . . . . $1.00. In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, 75c  To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORE. 