148 AIVIIMEZSCA.N VoL. 8, go. 19. of the world and asserted the right to rule in all things human or divine. The idea of the State was the highest idea of ethics; and within that was included all actual realization of the highest good. Hence the devel-opment of all other good pertaining to humanity was made dependent upon this.ŠNeander. Worship the gods in all respects according to the laws of your country and compel all others to do the same. But hate and punish those who would introduce anything whatever alien to our customs in this particular.ŠGibbon. This was a close union of Church and State in the Roman law. The highest idea of good to the Roman mind was to worship according to the civil law. Hate and punish those who would dare refuse. This clearly shows to us how that mighty empire brought upon the world the most gloomy period, known in history as the Dark Ages, in the which the lives of over fifty thousand martyrs declare unto us the destructive power hid away in a union of Church and State. This blood declares unto us that the civil power can not have anything to do with religion. This blood declares unto us that the Church can not govern the civil power. This blood de-clares unto us that the civil power is ordered of God, and when civil govern-ments usurp the prerogative of God he gives them over to the hands of Satan for destruction. Thus the Babylonian, the Medo-Persian, and the Roman Gov-ernments became self-destructive by the self-same cause, i. e. civil rulers putting themselves in the place of God and dic-tating worship. Notwithstanding all these facts of history, and the First Amendment to the Constitution pointing out the causation and forbidding a repeti-tion in our Government, the President of these United States, instead of his veto, deliberately put his seal to a declaration of Congress saying the first day of the week is the Sabbath day, contrary to the voice of God from Mount Sinai, in thun-der, saying, " The Seventh day is the Sabbath." The union of Church and State is confirmed in the United States since Aug. 5, 1892. The test is upon the peo-ple. " Choose ye this day whom you will serve." P. A. REED. Ł-Ł Ł Not the Best Way. THE North American, of Philadelphia, has the following paragraph :Š General Grant once said that the best way to get rid of a bad law was to rigidly enforce it. It was probably a desire to test the wisdom of that remark that prompted the State Typographical Union yes-terday to endorse the old Blue Laws, affecting the publication of Sunday newspapers. The obsolete laws governing the case, and which for more than a century have been permitted to rest in "innocu-ous desuetude," were framed at a time when newspapers, railroads and electricity were un-known. Entirely out of harmony with the pres-ent condition of things, these so-called Sunday laws would probably never have been " resur-rected" but for a band of selfish Pittsburgers born a hundred or more years too late. Now that the " crusaders " have been, in a measure, successful in harassing the newspaper publishers of Pittsburg, they will doubtless proceed on their victorious march against the directors and stockholders of the various Allegheny County horse-car lines, and with every prospect of success. Whatever their motive might have been, the self-sacrificing in-dorsement of the printers was for the best. If the Puritan Sabbath is to become a legal institution in Pennsylvania, let us have it at once and be done with it. Let the law making a penal offense all works on Sunday, except those of "necessity and charity," be rigidly and equally enforced, and let there be no half-way business about it either. It may be that General Grant made the remark credited to him, but if he did he was in error. The best way to get rid of a bad law is, not to perpetuate its injus- tice by continuing to enforce it, but to make an end to the bad law and the wrong done under it by a summary re-peal. It is sometimes true, of course, that the rigid enforcement of an unjust enactment may so call attention to the hardship which it works as to secure pop-ular attention and united effort for the abrogation of the offensive law. But in order to reach this result the law must be made offensive to a sufficient number of a certain influential class of society. On the other hand if those who suffer are but a comparative few without a noticeable voice in public affairs, their outcry against the injustice done them will be ignored and the obnoxious law be al-lowed to remain, rather than make the acknowledgment that the statute books are at fault and the legislature and ju-diciary have erred. It is certainly true that it is not the best way to obtain the repeal of a bad lawŠto enforce it. Two wrongs can not make one right. The maxim, if maxim it is, is as much as to say that the sense of abstract justice and the love of right, for right's sake, has left the hearts of the people, and- the only way to secure their attention to the wrongs they are doing their fellow-men is by making sure that the blows they deal shall rebound upon themselves. Perhaps this is so; but if it is it is not the first and best resort but the last and worst. No, repeal an unjust law; do not enforce it. W. H. M. How It is Done. AMONG the convention jottings in the Christian Statesman of Feb. 25, '93, there is recorded this suggestion :Š It is a good thing to meet our legislators face to face. . . . They are men of like passions with ourselves, influenced by hopes and fears, and would do much better than they do if good men would aid them by frequent suggestions in person or by letter. Now this sounds all well enough, and in-deed the suggestion rightly followed would doubtless lead to a better condition of things publicly than we now see. Espe-cially would this be true if only good and wise men gave assistance in that direc-tion. There is however a degree of latitude in the application of these " suggestions " which might more properly be observed with very beneficial results not only to " ourselves " but the Statesman as well and the body politic in particular. This will readily appear from the frank ac-knowledgment that is made that " our-selves " are subject to "passions " and " influenced by hopes and fears " as well as the legislators. This being true will bear special recognition, and suggests " the need of more than human wisdom to guide these " passions " " and prejudices, if you please," of both the suggestors and the suggested to, else the blind might lead the blind and themselves and the Govern-ment fall into the ditch. Which thing has been done in the past and after the manner so ardently advocated by the Statesman. We have in the same issue some of these " suggestions " of " ourselves " as repre-sented by the speech of Rev. W. J. Rob-inson before the Judiciary Committee of the Pennsylvania House of Representa-tives on the Sunday Newspaper Bill. After the preliminary amount of adula-tion of the men addressed he said :Š We appear before you not to instruct you in your official duties, neither to persuade you to the faith-ful discharge of them, nor to antagonize you in your convictions of what is right and proper in your official conduct, but to assure you of the sym-pathy, approval, and support of the great body of your constituency which we represent." Now if he had no instruction to give relative to official duties, no persuasion to faithfulness and no antagonism as to their convictions of what was right and proper, it would seem that he might better yield the floor to some one else as he had vol-untarily confessed that he had no mes-sage save the " assurance of sympathy " which he fully expressed in "instructive persuasion " and " antagonism," the very things he had denied his purpose to do. As to his reasons for appearing before that honorable body he said :Š And why do we come to you ? simply because we have neither the right nor the power. Since he had stated that his sole pur-pose was to give " assurance of sympathy," it is somewhat vague as to what this " neither the right nor power " might mean, except we let his own words of " in-struction" to the committee represent what he would do did he occupy their places, which is undoubtedly the inten-tion of such language. Having artfully tried to conceal his true purpose under the cloak of " assurance of sympathy," he then followed with such words of " in-struction " and " persuasion " as have but few parallels in this Nation. In speakin g of the source from which the body ad- dressed had received their authority, he continued :Š And whence comes this authority to you ? From what source have you derived it ? Not from your fellow-citizens. . . . But the authority conies from God. And he alone can give to one man the right to lay his hand with controlling authority on the person, property, and rights, of his fellow-men. You are acting in his name. You are the expound-ers of his will to your fellow-citizens in the depart-ment of their civil relations and conduct. Now if there was not a goodly amount of " instruction " and intent at " persuas-ion " in this, and if " ourselves " did not have some purpose of " influencing " these " demagogues " it is hard to see the force of this statement. But farther we read :Š But he has not left you to determine what is his will in the matter of rights and obligation of men in their civil capacity. He has distinctly enun-ciated these in his moral law which is summed up in the Decalogue. You are empowered and required therefore by your acceptance of the legislative functions of the civil magistracy to place upon the statute books, as the binding law of the State, this infallible summary of human rights and obli-gations. For downright instruction and per-suasion this man of " passions " has but few peers. His argument summed up amounts to this. The legislators are the expounders of the will of God (which is his law) to their fellow-men, and having interpreted that law are in duty bound to place their interpretation thereof as the binding law of the State. How admirably this is in line with the action of the late Congress in the interpretation of the fourth precept of the Decalogue. How quickly the " assurance of sympathy " became the loud voice of ecclesiasticism, uttered to persuade those men not to re-peal that twin relic of paganism, a Sun-day law. Can the reader for a moment think that God, as this man has testified, has given any man, or set of men, the right to lay hands with controlling force upon the rights of his fellows ? Can it be that legislators are to be instructed, nay, persuaded ; nay, antagonized, that they shall interpret the law of God and cause such 