42 AlDIMIEZICAaV VoL. 9. No. 6. have come to the aid of the State of Flor-ida. But it is to say that if she is of any kind of good to society and civil order, she ought to be able so to instruct and civilize "her children" that they would not want so much to fight that all the power of the State cannot keep them from it. It is also worth remarking in this connection that any one who will read the names in the " sporting" notes of the daily papers, or the " sporting " papers, will have no difficulty in seeing that a " fearfully large proportion " of the prize fighting element, as well as of the saloon element and the " hoodlum element " in general, are " children of the church." THERE is another fact in illustration of the point which we are makingŠthat the Catholic Church is not in any sense the champion of law and orderŠand which is late enough to bear an air of considerable " freshness." Thursday night, January 18, 1894, in Kansas City, Mo., an ex-priest was making a speech, when the meeting was broken up by a riot. As is always done in such cases, the " police," instead of quelling the riot and arresting the riot-ers, arrested the speaker whom the rioters had attacked. Further proceedings are clearly enough described in the following dispatch to the Atlanta Constitution, a Catholic paper, January 21 :Š KANSAS CITY, Mo., January 20.ŠHad not the police authorities to-day taken extra precautions to guard the life of J. M. McNamara, the ex-Catholic priest, who lectured last Tuesday night when a riot occurred, he would probably have received rough treatment, if not lynched. At his preliminary hearing to answer to the charges of malicious libel and circulating foul and obscene literature, such a large crowd gathered that the authorities decided to transfer the hearing to the county jail, where McNamara was incarcerated. The news that the hearing was to be held there quickly spread, and a mob numbering fully 4,000 people gath-ered outside of the jail. A number of extra policemen were detailed to endeavor to keep the crowd in order. When McNamara was brought from his cell his coun-tenance was very white. The court room was packed and the spectators regarded him with anything but friendly glances. When the case was called McNa-mara's attorneys moved for a continuance, they not having conferred with him, and it was granted, not only for this reason, but because of the threatening aspect of the mob. The hearing was set for Thursday next. Nobody will have any difficulty in de-ciding who these rioters were. Every-body knows well enough that this whole mob was made up of the " children " of " this glorious church," which is confess-edly so "largely represented " in the "hoodlum element" of the Nation. The despatch further states that a local paper declares that Mr. McNamara in his speech " said nothing that would warrant his arrest on the charges preferred against him." This, however, is evident enough on the face of the report. Now, if it be in any sense true that "the Catholic Church is the foe to law-lessness," why does she not antagonize t his lawlessness in her own membership ? If it be in any sense true that she is "the cha7mpion of law and order," then why does she not champion law and order in her own ranks and inculcate the princi-ples of law and order upon her own "children"? If it be in any sense.true that " the solution of the present social difficulties is to be found in the Catholic Church," then why does she not solve these social difficulties that are so preva-lent amongst her own people ? If " it is from the Vatican that the saviour must come," who is to save society from this condition that is fast becoming worse than  pagan times, why is it that the Vatican is unable to save its own organization from this condition that is " worse in some respects than pagan times" ? If she is in any sense the source of so much good to States and nations, as is proclaimed for her, then why is it that she is not the source of enough good to her own commu-nicants to keep them from overawing the civil authorities and intimidating justice by riotous demonstrations ? If it be in any sense true that the Catholic Church is " the synonym of authority," then why is it that she has not authority enough to check the native deviltry of her own children ? THERE is an apparent shadow of truth in the observation, that the Catholic Church is better qualified than any other church " to grapple with " the strikes and the consequent riot and violence of "the labor problem" "by her hold upon the working masses." And this because such " a fearfully large proportion " of the strikers, with their rioting and violence, are members in good and regular stand-ing in that church! This is the hold which she has on the working masses. But here is the question : Having such a hold upon these striking, rioting, violent masses, why is it that she cannot so con-trol them that there will be no danger of any of this evil work, which makes the "labor problem" such a serious and dan-gerous question to society and to the State ? Having already such a hold upon these masses, that she owns the vast majority of them, body and soul, and yet being impotent to prevent any kind of evil or violence from them, what could possibly show more plainly that all this boasting about the Catholic Church being "the champion of law and order," "the syn-onym of authority," the " saviour of society," etc., etc., is nothing but a down-right, huge, and unconscionable fraud ? IF there were any truth at all in these claims put forth in behalf of the papacy by Catholics, and sanctioned by " Protes-tants," it would prove itself in the quie-tude and peaceful demeanor of the whole body of the membership of the Catholic Church. There would not be a single saloon keeper, nor a visitor of saloons, nor a user of intoxicants, among all the vast membership of that Church; there would not be a single prize fighter, nor a single rioter, nor a single striker, nor gambler, nor any uncivil person of any kind, among all her children. Instead of this being so however, everybody knows, and facts of daily experience keep it ever within their knowledge, that the opposite is the truth of the matter, and that all these charac-ters are found, and abide, in her commun-ion for ever and everywhere; and that she has no power to prevent it. This is not saying that there are no characters of other kinds in her communion but these; it is only saying what everybody knows, that these characters are there, and she has no power to cause it to be otherwise. And that as she has no power to cause it to be otherwise; so all the claims put forth in her behalf as being the stay of civil order and the saviour of society are ab-solutely fraudulent. THE plain, unvarnished truth is, that the papacy is so entirely the synonym of lawlessness, that the Word of God de-scribes it as the " lawless one " and the very " mystery of lawlessness." It is the  corrupter of society, the disabler of States, and the weakener of nations. It never was, and never will be, and never can be, of any kind of good under the sun. That church is " Babylon the mother of har-lots and abominations of the earth." The Word of God says so, and it is so. A. T. J. Christ and the Sabbath.* (Concluded.) WHOSE POWER SHALL WE ACKNOWLEDGE ? IN the observance of the true Sabbath, we acknowledge the divinity, the author-ity, the power of God manifested in Jesus Christ,Šthat is to say, we acknowledge the divinity, the power, the authority of Christ. In the observance of the false Sabbath we acknowledge the pretended claim of the Catholic Church which is but the agency of Satan in this matter; we acknowledge the pretended claim and authority of the Catholic Church to the same thing. In the observance of the true Sabbath we acknowledge that our con-fidence for salvation is in the living God and his power manifested through Christ. In observing the false Sabbath we ac-knowledge that our trust and confidence for salvation are in that rival power, that rival authority. And any rival to God in Jesus Christ is simply a manifestation of the working of this spirit of Satan. It is Satan who instigates all opposition to God ; it is Satan who urges every individual to reject Jesus Christ. And, in this matter of the false Sabbath, the sign of the pre-tended power, we see this working of Satan, who would steal away from the true God, and from Jesus Christ, in whom he is represented to the world, the hom-age, the worship belonging to him. No one who observes the true Sabbath in the true meaning of it, can ever turn away from Jesus Christ. It is the con-stant acknowledgment of his belief in the divinity, the authority, the saving power, and saving grace of Jesus Christ. But any one who turns away from the true Sabbath, the sign of the true God in Jesus Christ, and turns to the false Sabbath, a sign of the rival power, has turned his back upon the law of God, and upon the temple of God, and worships with his face toward the east. THE SABBATH A QUESTION OF ALLEGIANCE TO THE TRUE GOD. It is not simply an observance of days as such, whether we shall stop work upon Saturday, or stop work upon Sunday, but the question is, What God are we to serve ? In what power are we to trust ? In whom are we depending for deliver-ance? It is a question of allegiance to the true God, or allegiance to some rival or pre-tended power. That is the thing that is in Sabbath-keeping now; and all the people, everywhere, ought to know it. And they will know it; for we read: "And I saw another angel fly in the midst of heaven, having the everlasting gospel to preach unto them that dwell on the earth, and to every nation, and kin-dred, and tongue, and people, saying with a loud voice, Fear God, and give glory to him; for the hour of his judgment is come;: and worship him that made heaven, and' * From No. 14, of the Religious Liberty Library, by Prof. W. W. Prescott. 