136  AMERICAN SENTINEL. Christ," as interpreted by human authority. Thus an three demand-the same thing; all three ignore the Cre-ator, differing on this point only in their methods. Alt three stand opposed to the Christian and American theory which exalts the individual by recognizing in him that which is too sacred to be- subject to merely human-authority and of which no human power can rightfully dispossess him. * * THE Torch of Reason, a western paper, which is an exponent of atheistic "liberality," said in a recent issue that "no man or woman should have the right to do wrong, and that the majority interested should have the say as to what is right and what is wrong; and that it is, generally speaking, the duty of every citizen to yield a ready obedience to the voice of the people the same as a child should readily obey its parents." * This is the natural logic of atheism, since it ignores the Creator altogether. The doctrine of freedom in gov-ernment is that "all men are created equal, and are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights," and that it is the proper business of civil gov-ernment to preserve these rights of the individual. But if there is no Creator, as atheism asserts, then of course men are not "created equal," and the highest authority upon any question of right and justice is the people themselves. And this simply gives to the majority the authority to decide what is right in every matter, both civil and religious, and to oblige the individual to con-form his life altogether as it may dictate, just as a child must submit to the dictates of its parents. It sweeps away individual rights altogether; for such a right is one which no majority can set aside. If the majority can rule in all things, then there can be no such thing as an individual right. * Thus atheism repudiates the Declaration of Inde-pendence, and betrays its essential oneness with the governmental theory of the papacy and of National Reform. * The American theory of government enunciated in the Declaration of Independence is the Christian theory, as 'stated by Christ himself in the language, "Render therefore to Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's." If there is no God, then we must necessarily render all things to Caesar, and be answerable to him in religious things as well as in things civil. We would be alienable in allthings to human authority. The papal theory of government demands submission in all things to the authority of the popeÑa human beingÑand the National Reform theory demands submission-in all things to the "law of HORACE GREELY'S idea of the doctrine which now rests upon a Supreme Court decision, that "this is a, Christian nation," is expressed in the following from The N. Y. Daily Tribune, of March 7, 1865:Ñ "We deny that this is 'a Christian nation. France, Spain, Russia, Austria, Mexico, Portugal, Brazil, etc.,. are Christian nations, no matter how many of their people may be non-Christians; this country is not Chris-tian, though a majority of its inhabitants probably are. 'Almighty God' is not the 'source of all authority and power' in our government; the people of the United States are such source. . . . The Federal-Constitu-tion is based on the idea that religious faith is a purely personal matter, with which civil governments have properly nothing to do, and with which they cannot meddle without doing far more harm than good." * * - It is plain from this that in Mr. Greely's view it was not any great credit to a country to be a "Christian nation." A. nation might be "Christian" without being any better than Spain, Austria, or Russia, while the best government on the earth was non-Christian. O course, to call such nations Christian is a slur upon Christianity; and it is impossible that a nation should be truly Christian irrespective of the Christianity of its people. * AN exchange notes that "by enforcing a puritanic Sunday law in South Norwalk, Conn., the mayor has inaugurated a Sunday exodus to Norwalk, a mile dis-tant, where trade is permitted the first day of the week.. Hence, if Sunday trade is a sin, the bigots have not les-sened the evil by closing the South Norwalk stores, but they have caused to be added to the felony of Sunday traffic the offence of walking otherwise than 'reverently to and from church.'" * *  * Ax obstacle in the way of the enforcement of the New York City Sunday law against shaving, has been,  discovered by a Brooklyn lawyer who was counsel for a. barber recently arrested for the crime of shaving a cus-tomer after 1 o'clock P. M. The law provides that first "offenders" upon conviction, "shall be fined not more than $5; and upon a second conviction for a like offense shall be fined not less than $10 and not more than $25, 