THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 381 on the rights of conscience. They have received- With sorrOW ,the information that petitions are daily presented to both houses of CongreSs ip relation to the present mail establishment', To have proposed an open union of Cliurch and State would have been so manifest a violation of republican principle, as must have drawn upon its anthors the just resentment of an indig-nant people. But the subject now adopted as suitable for the legislation of Congress, can be discussed with less danger and WITH AN EFFECT EQUALLY CERTAIN. YOnr memorialists have in vain en-deavored , to discover any reasonable mo-tive for the selection of the Sabbath as peCuliarly proper for legislative support. There is no small diversity of opinion among mankind regarding the propriety of keeping one day in seven holy. The Jews, and some sects of Christians, aver that the seventh, and not the first day of the Week; is the true Sabbath. A large number of pious persons believe that the Jewish Sabbath, with its ceremonial ob-serVances; has been abolished; and that, in its plade, the, first day of the week must be held equally sacred. Another class of mankind maintain that the institution is utterly abrogated, and that neither day should be observed. "Your memorialists believe that if Con-gress possess the power to'designate what day shall be the Sabbath, and to, define its appropriate duties, it would Ł be equally within the scope of their authority to de-cide other disputed points. If the Consti-tution has imposed on Congress the duty of discriminating what mode of faith shall be Ł adopted, it must, as a consequence, give the; power to compel obedience. Ł Hence alt the religious obligations of men must becbme the subject of legislation to the ruin, of families and the destruction of persOnal comfort and convenience; for if the law can enforce one religious duty, it can, by parity of reasoning, insist on the performance of all. "YoUr memorialists would say that, when the Congress of the United States shall prefer an arrogant and domineering clergy, heaping upon them privileges and immunities not enjoyed by other citizens, then will be formed as powerful an cede-siastidal establishment as can be found in any other nation on earth. The doctrines of the favored party will then become the creed of the country, to be enforced by fines, imprisonment, and perhaps death. " The historian Gibbon utters an im-portant warning upon this point. He says: "It is encumbent on the authors of persecution previously to reflect whether they are determined to support it in the last extreme. They excite the flame which they strive to extinguish; and it soon be-comes necessary to chastise the contumacy, aa Well as the crime, of the offender. The fine which he is unablb or unwilling to 'discharge; exposes his person to the sever-ities of the law; and his contempt of  lighter penalties suggests the use and pro-priety of capital punishment." Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire, chap. 37, Par. 23. " Superstition and bigotry will paralyze the steps of genius, and, the further im- provement of our now happy country must be suspended. If the sun of her glory.shall now set, it will, perhaps, never again rise to cheer a benighted world with the splendor of its rays. " Your memorialists would further rep-resent that, in their present appeal to the justice and magnanimity of the constituted authorities of their country, they are act-uated by no irreverent motive. Nor do they cherish other than feelings of respect for their fellow-citizens who differ from them in sentiment. They do not ask you to throw any impediment in the path of those who, in sincerity of heart, would worship the God of their fathers. Their design in now appearing before you is to preserve the liberty of conscience invio-late; and to ask that the Constitution of the Government may not be infringed in this particular. " On no consideration would they wish to restrain the right of free discussion in relation to the matter now pending before you. That liberty they ask for them-selves, they devoutly desire may be en-joyed by all mankind. They are, how-ever, aware that the Sabbath is a part of the Jewish law, and it is for that people to advocate its sanctity. These are, how-ever, satisfied in the enjoyment of their own rights, without intruding on those of others. The declaration has gone forth from a sect of Christians, that the due observance of the Sabbath is essential to the moral health and existence of the Nation. They have arrogantly usurped the right to determine in what the Sab-' bath shall consist, without having the least regard for those who conscientiously differ from them. " Your memorialists have considered the importance of your deliberations to the welfare of the Nation, and that some-thing more than an ordinary occurrence is necessary to justify them in thus ob-truding on your attention. Their inclina-tions would have induced them to keep silence, had they not felt themselves urged by a sense of imperious duty to oppose the daring schemes of the day. The zeal with which the plans of different sectaries have been prosecuted, and the pertinacity of design manifested by their continuing to force their views of religion on the people, must be accepted as an apology. The great political doctrine, that all men have a natural right to worship Almighty God according to the dictates of their con-sciences, is now denied. It is said that religion requires compulsory laws for its security, * and the extension of its influence *This Church and State doctrine is quite generally held among Sunday-law advocates. Judge Scott, in delivering the opinion upholding the Sunday laW in Missouri, said: "Long be-fore the convention which framed our Constitution was assem- over the conduct and characters of men. The truth of this position is denied in the most unqualified manner by those who now address you. They are clearly of this opinion that there is no just cause of com- plaint on the part of the petitioners, and that their intolerant zeal has evidently destroyed their judgment. " Your memorialists feel no disposition to submit to compulsion in matters which rest exclusively between themselves and the God who made them. Besides the at-tempt now being made on Congress, numer- ous other arbitrary measures have been adopted, with the intention of holding up to public odium those who cannot think in conformity with the doctrines avowed by your petitioners. Whatever fanaticism may have anticipated in former days, or zealous bigots in the present may predict, no great danger is to be feared of the stability of our Government, except from the combinations of a corrupt clergy. More than half a century has elapsed since the day when a large and fruitful Nation was given to the world. The prosperity of our country is unparalleled in the an-nals of history; peace and plenty have united to bless her inhabitants. Every description of creeds and endless varieties of faith have their votaries, and flourish under the protection of a generous system of laws. Learned institutions are encour-aged and thrive among us; and there is reason to believe that the hour is rapidly advancing in which every individual in our extensive territory will be properly qualified to exercise the great functions to which he is eligible. From Maine to Mexico, and from the Atlantic to the.  Western wilds, the same smiling scene Ł is displayed. " Your memorialists would inquire if, in this general prosperity, the friends of religion and morality have any well-founded cause of discouragement ? The countless evils that must flow from the least interference of the general Govern-ment with the view of favoring a religious party are such as, in their consummation, would prove destructive to our national existence. It is impossible, on an occasion like the present, not to advert to the mis-ery which has flowed from the assumption of ecclesiastical dominion in other coun-tries. There are regions where persecu-tion even now erects her blood-stained banner, and demands unnumbered victims for her unholy service. The past history of the Church furnishes a melancholy demonstration of the danger to be antici-pated from an alliance of the ministers of religion with the civil magistracy. There is no language which can adequately de-scribe the abuses which have been prac-ticed, the diabolical cruelty which has been perpetrated, and the immense amount bled, experience had shown that the mild voice of Christianity was unable to secure the due observance of Sunday as a day of rest. The arth of the civil power had interposed." So, what the mild voice of Christianity cannot do, these Sunday agitators are determined to accomplish at any cost by the iron hand of law. 