THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 27 citizens who are willing to give away their birthrightŠ"Corrupted freemen are the worst of slaves." But we promise that we shall never have our consciences bound by any human Government without publishing to the world our protest. And we promise to faithfully warn ova. fellow-citizens of the danger which impends over their civil and religious liberties, and to the best of our ability to earn the name of an AMERICAN SENTINEL. J. H. W. What Do They Want? THE second article of the Constitution of the National Reform Association reads, in part as follows: " The object of this society shall be to maintain existing Christian features in the American Government; . . . And to secure such an amendment to the Constitution of the United States as will declare the nation's alle-giance to Jesus Christ, and its acceptance of the moral lawS of the Christian religion, and so indicate that this is a Christian nation, and place all the Christian laws, institutions, and usages of our Government on an undeniable legal basis in the fundamental law of the land." We must suppose that those wor(ls are in-tended to conceal some ulterior de,sign; -.!or we are morally certain that none of the National Reformers care to see just the condition of things which the above article might, on a cas-ual reading, seem to demand. By a little ex-amination of the subject we can see that the expressed object of the National Reform Party could not be realized unless the religious bodies of this country should undergo a great trans-formation. Our first question is, What is Christianity? Webster defines it as, "The religion of Chris-tians; the system of doctrines and precepts taught by Christ." Then right in connection with this, we must answer the question, What are Christian institutions? The obvious an-swer is, The ordinances of the Christian religion; those instituted by Christ. And as all the pro-fessed followers of Christ, professors of the Christian religion, are termed as a body, the church, we may say that Christian institutions are the ordinances of the Christian church. When we come to an examination of the subject of Christian ordinances, we shall find that there are very few of them. The apostle Paul describes one of them in 1 Cor. 11 : 23-26: "For I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you, That the Lord Jesus, the same night in which be was betrayed, took bread; and when he had given thanks, he brake it, and said, Take, eat; this is my body, which is broken for you; this do in remembrance of me. After the same manner also he took the cup, when he had supped, saying, This cup is the new testament in my blood; this do ye, as oft as ye drink it, in remembrance of me. For as often as ye eat this bread, and drink this cup, ye do show the Lord's death till he come." One Christian ordinance, then, is the Lord's Supper. It was instituted by Christ, is enjoined upon all his followers, and is peculiar to Chris- tianity. One more: Just as Christ was about to ascend to Heaven, he said to his disciples: "Go ye into all the world, and preach the gos-pel to every creature. He that believeth and  is baptized shall be saved; but he that believ-eth not shall be damned:" Mark 16: 15, 16. To these two ordinances some Christians add the washing of feet as found in John 13 :1-15; but all are agreed on the first two. Here, then, we have two, or at the most, three Christian ordinances. They are peculiar to Christianity, and besides them there are no others. Some one will exclaim, " What about the Golden Rule?" We reply, That is not peculiar to Christianity. Do not misunderstand us. We do not say that the keeping of it is not necessary to Christianity, but that it is not pe- culiar to Christianity. When our Saviour said, "All things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them," he immediately added, "for this is the law and the prophets." The golden rule is simply a summary of the last six precepts of the deca-logue; but the decalogue was in existence and of obligation before man fell, and consequently before there was any need of Christianity. The ten commands, which comprise all primary ob-ligation, would have been just as much in force as they are now, even if there had been no fall involving the necessity for a Christian religion; and more than this, they are now, as they were in the beginning, of universal obligation; so that they are equally binding on Jews, Moham-medans, Christians, and pagans. But baptism and the Lord's Supper not only are not obliga-tory upon Jews, Mohammedans, and pagans, but they are positively denied to such until they profess allegiance to Christ. We repeat, therefore, that the only possible Christian ordinances are baptism, the Lord's Supper, and the ordinance of humility, or feet-washing. These are the features which out-wardly indicate the possession of Christianity. And therefore if a nation is to be really a " Christian nation," these features must exist in it. If it demands that all its subjects sub-mit to these ordinances, then it will be, in name, a Christian nation; but if none of these features exist in it, then it is in no sense a Christian nation. Has the United States any of these Christian features? Does it require any or all of them as a condition of citizenship? Everybody an-swers, No. Then it has no "existing Chris-tian features" to be maintained. National Re-form zeal, therefore, in that particular, is en-tirely misapplied. Now for a brief consideration of the difficul-ties in the way of making this a "Christian nation," i. e., a nation having Christian feat-ures. At the outset we are met with a contro-versy over baptism. A large and respectable body of Christian professors hold that nothing but immersion is baptism. Many more hold that sprinkling meets the requirement of the Saviour; while still others teach that either immersion, sprinkling, or pouring is baptism. Most immersionists hold that a single immer-sion is all that can be allowed, while some claim three immersions are necessary to constitute baptism. Here is an irreconcilable controversy; for though the matter has been under discus-sion for centuries, it is no nearer a settlement than in the beginning. Concerning the Lord's Supper there is almost equal division. A large part of the so-called Christian church with- holds the cup from the laity, while many are of late disposed to dispense with the entire ordi-nance. As for the third ordinance, it is cele-brated by but few, the greater part of professed Christians being utterly opposed to it. But it is useless to carry this point any fur-ther, for if you were to put the question, the entire body of "National Reformers" would with one voice declare that they desire no such thing as that the nation snail recognize baptism, the Lords Supper, etc. And in so saying they would speak the truth. Nevertheless they do declare that this is, or ought to be, a Christian nation, and that "all Christian laws, institu-tions, and usages," should be placed "on an un-deniable legal basis in the fundamental law of the land;" and we know that that can be done only by making the Constitution require the celebration of baptism and the Lord's Supper as a condition of citizenship. It must be that they have something else in mind, which in their opinion is peculiar to Christianity, and upon which there would not be among professed Christians so much difference of opinion. What do they want, anyway? In a future article we shall let them tell for themselves. E. J. W. The StrangerŠthe Dissenter. THE following poetry appeared in the Chris-tian Statesman, copied from Harper's Magazine: AN EASTERN LEGEND. An aged man came late to Abraham's tent. The sky was dark, and all the plain was bare. He asked for bread; his strength was well-nigh spent; His haggard look implored the tenderest care. The food was brought. He sat with thankful eyes, But spake no grace, nor bowed he toward the east. Safe-sheltered here from dark and angry skies, The bounteous table seemed a royal feast. But ere his hand had touched the tempting fare, The patriarch rose, and leaning on his rod, " Stranger," he said, " dost thou not bow in prayer? Dost thou not fear, dost thou not worship God?" He answered, "Nay." The patriarch sadly said: "Thou hast my pity. Go! eat not my bread." Another came that wild and fearful night. The fierce winds raged, and darker grew the sky; But all the tent was filled with wondrous light, And Abraham knew the Lord his God was nigh. "Where is that aged man ?" the Presence said, "That asked for shelter from the driving blast? Who made thee master of thy Master's bread? What right hadst thou the wanderer forth to cast ?" " Forgive me, Lord," the patriarch answer made, With downcast look, with bowed and trembling knee, "Ah, me! the stranger might with me have staid, But, 0, my God, he would not worship thee." "I've borne him long," God said, "and still I wait; Couldst thou not lodge him one night in thy gate?" Also the following words are copied from the Christian Statesman, original with the "Rev- erend" gentleman who uttered them at a "National Reform Convention:"Š " If the opponents of the Bible do not like our Government and its Christian feattires, let them go to some wild, desolate land; and in the name of the devil, and fbr the sake of the devi;, subdue it, and set up a Government of their own on infidel and atheistical ideas, and then if they can stand it, stay there till they die." And when they are " disfranchised " and banished, or dead and gone, the model Chris-tian Reformers (?) can reverently sing:Š " Ah, me! the stranger might with us have staid, But, 0, our God, he would not worship thee." But in the meantime we recommend them to use the words of Burns:Š " 0 wad some power the giftie gie us, To see oursels as ithers see us," 