162 AlVE.EdruC.A.fiT SIENTIPINISILA. VoL. 8, No. 21. by another from the same paper under date of Feb. 18, 1886, as follows :Š We hear less than we used to about the apostolic origin of the present Sunday observance and for the reason that while the Sabbath and Sabbath rest are woven into the warp and woof of Scripture, it is now seen, as it is admitted, that we must go to later than apostolic times for the establishment of Sunday observance. This latter quotation shows clearly that the Christian at Work does not think that the apostles, nor tile Church in the days of the apostles, had anything whatever to do with the change; and in this it is man- ifestly correct, as can be demonstrated by the most reliable historians. We have room in this connection for only a single extract, and until that is controverted (and it never can be), it will not be nec- essary to cite any other proof. Neander, of whom " McClintock and Strong's Cyclopedia " says that he is " universally conceded to be by far the greatest of ecclesiastical historians, " gives this pointed and candid testimony:Š The festival of Sunday, like all other festivals, was always only a human ordinance, and it was far from the intentions of the apostles to establish a divine command in this respect, far from them and from the early apostolic Church, to transfer the laws of the Sabbath to Sunday. Perhaps at the end of the second century a false application of this kind had begun to take place; for men appear by that time to have considered laboring on Sunday as a sin. ŠRose's Neander, page 186. This is a plain statement. But the fact remains that the change has been made; and if Christ and the apostles did not make it, how was it accomplished ? If there is no divine authority for the change what authority is there for it ? And if it was not introduced in the days of the apostolic Church, when was it brought in ? In answer to these questions Adventists say the Papacy made the change not only without divine authority but- in direct violation of the divine law; and that to observe the day is, in effect, to recognize this apostate power as above God, who instituted the Sabbath. But it is objected by some that, as the Sabbath was changed at least as early as the fourth century, whereas the earliest date assigned by Protestants for the establishment of the Papacy is A. D. 538, it is not possible that the Papacy changed the Sabbath, a cen-tury before it (the Papacy) had an exist-ence. But let those who make this objection remember that the Papacy was the result of growth. It did not spring into being in a day, nor did it attain full stature in a century. As early as A. D. 54, the Apostle Paul wrote:Š For the mystery of iniquity doth already work; only he who now letteth will let, until he be taken out of the way. And then shall that Wicked be revealed, whom the Lord shall consume with the spirit of his mouth, and shall destroy with the brightness of his coming. 2 Thess. 2: 7, 8. This, as all Protestants agree, is a ref-erence to the Papacy, or at least to the apostasy which culminated in the Pa-pacy. The fact is, that instead of being established in A. D. 538, the papal power attained its majority at that time. Its infancy and youth were far back of that date, and not a little of its work was done before that time. In his history of the " Early Church," p. 591, Killen says of the bishop of Rome:Š In the third century the chief pastor of the Western metropolis must have been known to the great officers of government, and perhaps to the emperor himself. Decius must have regarded the Roman bishop as a somewhat formidable person-age when he declared that he would sooner tolerate a rival candidate for the throne, and when he pro-claimed his determination to annihilate the very office, At this time the bishop, or pope, of Rome exercised power over only a part of the church, but his power was the same in kind, if not in extent, that was exer-cised by his successors two centuries later. Those who deny that the Papacy changed the Sabbath, on the ground that the change was effected before that power had an existence, only show how limited is their knowledge of the history of the first great apostasy, and -the development of the papal power. Protestants all agree that the papal system has in it many features borrowed from paganism; and just so surely as it has, Sunday-keeping is one of them. Every Bible student knows that the Scriptures contain no hint of the change of the Sabbath by divine authority; scores of first-day writers have acknowledged the fact; ecclesiastical historians of note have repeatedly said that " the festival of Sunday was always a human ordinance." Do Adventists not justly accuse " the mystery of iniquity," which, even in Paul's day, was working for the corrup-tion of the Church, with the crime of thinking to change the law of God, espe-cially the fourth commandment, as fore-told by the prophet Daniel? And do they not also do well to obey God rather than man, even when to do so involves civil penalties ? C. P. B. Forbidden by the Word of God. WE are asked to explain why it is that if a theocracy was a good thing for the children of Israel it would not be an equally good thing now. This is not for us to say. God has said that there shall be a theocracy no more until He come whose right it is; and then the dominion will be given to him. It follows that anything claiming to be a theocracy since the passing away of the Jewish theocracy, could be only man-made, and without divine authority. The government of Israel was a true theocracy. That was really a government of God. At the burning bush, God commissioned Moses to lead his people out of Egypt. By signs and wonders and mighty miracles multi-plied, God delivered Israel from Egypt, led them through the Red Sea, and through the wilderness, and finally into the promised land. There he ruled them by judges, to whom "in diverse man-ners " he revealed his will, " until Samuel the prophet." In the days of Samuel, the people asked that they might have a king. Their re-quest was granted, but only under earnest protest. " Nevertheless the people re-fused to obey the voice of Samuel; and they said, Nay; but we will have a king over us; that we also may be like all the nations; and that our king may judge us, and go out before us, and fight our bat-tles. And Samuel heard all the words of the people, and he rehearsed them in the ears of the Lord. And the Lord said to Samuel, Hearken unto their voice, and make them a king. And Samuel said unto the men of Israel, Go ye every man unto his city." God chose Saul, and Samuel anointed him king over Israel. But Saul failed to do the will of God, and as he rejected the word of the Lord, the Lord rejected him from being king, and sent Samuel to anoint David king over Israel; and David's house, and David's throne, God established for evermore. When Solomon succeeded to the king- dom in the place of David his father, the record is: " Then Solomon sat on the throne of the Lord as king instead of David his father." 1 Chron. 29: 23. David's throne was the throne of the Lord, and Solomon sat on the throne of the Lord as king over the earthly king-dom of God. The succession to the throne descended in David's line to Zede-kiah, who was made subject to the king of Babylon, that perchance the kingship with the kingdom might stand. Zede-kiah entered into a solemn covenant be-fore God that he would remain a faithful subject of the king of Babylon. His name was Mattaniah at first, and when he entered into this covenant, the king of Babylon changed his name to Zedekiah, which means The Justice of Jehovah. Mattaniah gave his hand, and accepted this new name as the seal of the covenant with the king of Babylon, and in so doing pledged that if he should break that cov-enant, he would incur the judgment of the Lord. Zedekiah did break this covenant, upon which the Lord said : " As I live, saith the Lord God, surely in the place where the king dwelleth that made him king, whose oath he despised, and whose cove-nant he brake, even with him in the midst of Babylon he shall die. . . . Seeing he despised the oath by breaking the covenant, when, lo, he had given his hand, and hath done all these things, he shall not escape. Therefore thus saith the Lord God; As I live, surely my oath that he hath despised, and my covenant that he hath broken, even it will I recom-pense upon his own head." Eze. 17: 16-19. And in recompensing this evil upon the head of Zedekiah, the word of Samuel to the people was fulfilled when he told them, " If ye shall still do wickedly, ye shall be consumed, both ye and your king." For to Zedekiah, and to the king-dom forever after, God gave this testi-mony: "Thou profane, wicked prince of Israel, whose day is come, when iniquity shall have an end, thus saith the Lord God Remove the diadem, and take off the crown; this shall not be the same; exalt him that is low, and abase him that is high. I will overturn, overturn, over-turn it; and it shall be no more, until he come whose right it is; and I will give it him." Eze. 21 : 25-27. The kingdom was then subject to Baby-lon. When Babylon fell, and Medo-Persia succeeded, it was overturned the first time. When Medo-Persia fell, and was succeeded by Grecia, it was over-turned the second time. When the Greek empire gave way to Rome, it was over-turned the third time. And then says the word, "It shall be no more, until he come whose right it is; and I will give it him." And he whose right it is, is thus named : " Thou . . . shalt call his name Jesus. He shall be great, and shall be called the Son of the Highest and the Lord God shall give unto him the throne of his father David; and he shall reign over the house of Jacob forever; and of his kingdom there shall be no end." Luke 1:31-33. But that kingdom is not of this world, nor will he sit upon that throne in this world. While Christ was here as " that prophet," a man of sorrows and ac-quainted with grief, he refused to exer-cise any earthly authority or office what-ever. When appealed to, to mediate in a dispute between two brothers in regard to their inheritance, he replied, " Man, who 