354 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. It is a mistake therefore to speak as,  some have of Tennessee's " rigid Sunday law." Tennessee has no rigid Sunday law. On the contrary she has a very mild law for a Sunday law, and even that is not enforced. It is somewhat wide of the mark also to call, as some papers have, for Tennessee to repeal her Sunday law. This is not the need just now; for Tennessee's Sunday law is not hurting anybody. It is the Sunday law that she hasn't that is doing the mischiefŠand that can't be repealed. What is urgently needed just now in that State is a rigid reform of her courts. There needs to be secured a set of judges who will have some respect for the laws, both constitutional and statutory; and who will be content to set forth the law as it is written, and not take it upon them-selves to set forth their own arbitrary will for the law. Judges are wanted there who will keep within the bounds set by the Constitution for the judiciary, and who will not attempt to exercise also the prerogative of the legislative branch of the State government. This is a reform, too, that is sadly needed not only in Ten-nessee but clear from the Circuit Courts of that State all the way up to the Su-preme Court of the United States. But lo! in this very fact of the widespread and deep seated need, lies the hopelessness of any reformatory remedy ever being successfully applied. Tennessee also needs attorneys-general who will be content to be prosecuting attorneys, without turning themselves into persecuting attorneys after the man-ner of that one down in Henry. CountyŠattorneys-general and not inquisitors-gen- eral. A. T. J. Government by the People, for God. THE Supreme Court of the United States has seen fit to decree that the divine law of Jehovah is the civil law of this land ; and the Congress of the United States has interpreted that law, and made actual application of its interpretation, in refer-ence to one point of belief and practice. This is no less than the assumption of the vicegerency of the kingdom of God on earth. To assume to be the vicar of God and to speak and to rule by divine right is no new thing upon the earth. Heretofore, however, it has been an expression of the blasphemous error of religious absolutism exercised by a one man power, a despot-ism of one. But monarchial form of gov-ernment is not positively necessary to support a religious despotism. The ruling classes of the United States, and perhaps of the leading nations of the world, have now reached that stage of development that they are able to sub-ject themselves and their vassals to the despotism of an idea; and the sway of that idea may be more despotic, enforced by the methods they can bring to bear, than the personal rule of any one man could possibly be. The despotism of an idea is, sure to be imperative, coercive, re-lentless. The despotism of a religious idea, misdirected into channels of civil legislation, is certain to be unqualified tyranny. This has been demonstrated in the history of the Papacy. When the ruling majority in this country shall establish the civil authority of a religious idea and compel, or assume to compel, the citizens and residents of the United States to yield obedience to it, then a the- oretical papacy will have been established. A perfect similitude of a papal despotism will be enthroned. A papacy established after a monarchial theory is concrete, necessarily, in its form. A papacy constituted in, and according to the theory of, a republican form of government must conform to the necessi-ties of representative expression. The one then is the concrete tyranny of an in-dividual will; the other is the elusive, but no less real, despotism of an abstract idea enforced by the will, or the permission, of majorities. The latter is the complete similitude of the former, but on a higher plane of intellectual and governmental development. Humanly speaking, only, is it on a higher plane. It is an advanced development; a more subtle manifesta-tion of the direst and most fatal error into which the mind of man has ever fallen. This image to the Papacy is the highest refinement of governmental wickedness possible. By it the people, in and through the regular procedure of self government, assume to themselves, each and separately, the divine prerogative, and attempt to usurp, individually and collectively, the authority of God. In just that degree to which this is a government of the people, by the people, for the people, in just that degree is each sovereign citizen respon-sible for the establishment of this simili-tude to the Papacy. It may be said that this is but the ex-pression of a fine drawn theory which can never be realized. It is already realized, as shown by the initial facts which were used as stepping stones to these thoughts. This Government has then declared itself to be a government of the people, by the people, for God. The result will be a sim-ilitude of the Papacy worthy of the in-tellectual development and moral degra-dation of the nineteenth century. W. H. M. Ł  Bishop Potter and the Fair Again. IN the current number of the Century Magazine is an article from Bishop Potter, in which he enlarges somewhat upon the views set forth by him in the October Forum. As will be remembered, the Bishop favored only partial Sunday opening of the FairŠa silent FairŠopen grounds and buildings, but motionless ma-chinery and closed bazars. But Bishop Potter has been severely criticised by the more ultra Sunday-clos-ing element, and his article in the Cen-tury is doubtless for the purpose of ex-plaining his former utterance. After a number of platitudes, the Bishop assures his readers that of the danger of any sub-stantial surrender of the benefits of Sun- day he is " profoundly impressed," and continues:Š If it is to be a question between the complete closing of the Exposition, and such surrender of it to secular uses on Sundays as to make no discrim-ination between Sundays and week-days, then, for one, I should be in favor of the most rigid closing of every door. With the Bishop then, the question is not one of principle but of policy. He agrees that the Fair must be so manipu-lated as to exalt Sunday ; the only ques-tion with him is, How can Sunday best be honored ? He says :Š To most of us that day stands supremely as an institution of religion. But for what is religion, if it be not for the revelation and the inculcation of moral ideals? It may have, most surely it has, other uses, but this, no less surely, is pre-eminent among  them. And so if, when Sunday came to the Ex-position in Chicago, it could be assumed that in some great hall in the midst of it there would be some worthy,  and impressive presentation of these Šif the Nation should summon its ablest and most eloquent teachers and bid them do for us the prophet's work amid such profoundly interesting and suggestive surroundings, it would hardly sum-mon them in vain. And this he would have the Nation do! Nor would the good Bishop stop here; he would have "on Sunday afternoons and evenings the multitudes assembled in Chicago from hamlet and village and prairie that rarely or never hear the great works of the great masters," " lifted on the, mighty wings of grand and majestic harmonies ;" and he enthusiastically adds, " Surely that, too, would be no unworthy use of a day consecrated to lofty visions and unuttered aspirations." And fi- nally," says the Bishop,Š if, in addition to all this, there could be, not alone in immediate connection with the Exposition itself, but in every sanctuary and pulpit of the great city, thronged and vibrant with a great and keen curiosity, some elect and chosen voices to speak for God and Duty and Patriotism and Self-sacrifice and the Eternal Verities, that, too, would be an undertaking worthy of the best energies of those who might give themselves to it, and worthy no less of the great religious ideals of a great people. Thus Bishop Potter would not only have the Government still more fully committed, if that were possible, to the patronage of the Sunday as a religious institution, but he would have the Fair so used and manipulated as to destroy, in the minds of thousands of individual Christians, all their previous ideas of its proper observance. Sunday is not the Sabbath, but Congress has decided that it is, and Bishop Potter would have this action followed up by the Nation sum-moning its "ablest and most eloquent teachers " and bidding " them do for us the prophet's work "! 'That is, he would not only have the Nation adhere to its .championship of Sunday as the Sabbath, but he would have it continue its assump-tion of control over its observance in such a manner as to still farther strengthen in the minds of the people the idea of gov-ernmental authority in religion and gov-ernmental patronage in the practice of its forms. Congress having assumed the guardianship of the consciences of the people so far as the Sabbath is concerned, by deciding that Sunday is the Sabbath, the Bishop would have it further debauch those consciences by giving them another standard of Sabbath observanee than that laid down by the Author of the Sabbath. Not only would he assent to the action of Congress in construing the fourth com-mandment as meaning the first day and not the seventh, but he would also have that body set aside the inspired commen-tary upon the fourth commandment given in Isa. 58:13. But such must ever be the result of governmental interference in religious things. Had the Fair been opened on Sunday by the action of the Directors, and had Congress kept its hands off from the question entirely, leaving the whole matter to the individual conscience, little harm would have come to anybody by an open Fair. Those who had conscientious convictions upon the subject would have remained away on Sunday; those who had no such convictions would have gone to the Fair, but they would have been no .worse morally for so doing. But, by the scheme now proposed, Congress is to as-sume all responsibility not only of saying that Sunday is the Sabbath, but of defin- 