---a"---1,87aterman'$ * Ideal Fountain * Pence Claims first attention, as it certainly is The Best Fountain Pen on the Market. Other makes may be good, but the WATERMAN IS THE BEST. Some points of excellence are:Š The fine quality of the gold pens; The relial?ility of its feed, which has stood a ten years' test; The absence of any portion of the feed on the top of the pen point, whereby it is left untrammeled and acts with all the ease and grace of any first-class gold pen. iMer. 11;* MARCH 5, 1896. 79 writers of these articles in order to be bene-fited by reading them. The money question especially is one of absorbing interest, because of what is involved in it. This country is now passing through a crisis the outcome of which no man can foresee. Senator Butler's article especially is significant as indicating the trend of the times. "THE STANDARD DICTIONARY." SOMETHING over a year ago we called the attention of our readers to the first volume of the " Standard Dictionary." The work has since been completed, and is by far the best thing of the kind published. No fewer than 247 specialists and other editors were employed upon the " Standard." The work cost the enormous sum of $960,000 before a complete copy was ready for the market. Its preparation required five years. Its Vocabulary. The " Standard " has a vocabulary of more than 300,000 words, by actual count, as against 225,000 in the Century," 125,000 in the " International" (Webster's), 105,000 in " Worcester's," and 50,000 in " Stor-month's." A LITER %RV WONDER. THE NEW WEBSTER DICTIONARY AND Complete Vest-Pocket library. 45.800 Words. Absolutely Full Punctuation. In quantity it is greater than any other abridged dictionary by several thousand words. . More than thisŠthe same covers contain Four Other Corn=  plete Books.  A GA ZETEER PARLIAMENTARY %IA' UAL-- EXPERT CALCULATOR LITERARY GUIDE. Condensation without omission is a notable feature of this book. It abounds in novel time-saving and space-saving devices; but the greatest of all achievements in modern dictionary-making; is the addition to the dictionary of 25,300 words by means of a single page, called theŠ " COLUMBIAN V% ORD BUILDER." Bound in Morocco leather, with gold edge. REGULAR PRICE, .50 WITH SENTINEL, one year, . $1.25 THE STORY OF PITCAIRN I$L,AND. (SECOND EDITION.) BY ROSALIND AMELIA YOUNG A Native Daughter. Pitcairn Island, one of the volcanic gems of the Pacific. has been heard of wherever the English language has been spoken The story of the working out of the problem of human life on its limited territory reads stranger and more thrillingly in many respects than a romance But most. if not all, of the tales told and books printed have either been too fragmentary or incorrect and misleading. It will be interest ing to the friends of that miniature world to know that an authentic history has been written, and that by a native of the island. one to the manor born Miss Rosa Young is one of the direct descendants of the mutineers of the Bows ty. The book is a plain unvar-nished tale of Pitcairn and its inhabitants from its settlement to the year 1894, It is written with a charming simplicity of style which refreshes the reader and invites a continual peru-sal. Illustrated with 26 engravings by the half-tone process, and its 23 chapter,  hate each a neatly engraved heading. Price, $1.00 With Sentinel, - 1.50 ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 BOND ST., NEW YORK. The Gospel Primers  A BOOK FOR THE CHILDREN. Contains 100 pages of matter, which will interest the old as well as the young. There are thirty-three full-page illustra-ions, which, in themselves teach many gospel truths. The book has been re-written, and such additions have been made as it was thought would be of profit to its readers. Con-siderable prominence and much thought have been given the WORD-METHOD DEPARTMENT. It is not only desirable that the child should learn to read well in as few lessons as possible, but it is of greater import-ance that the mind should be developed spiritually while thus engaged. In the twenty-two pages devoted to this method, the child may learn to revere its Sinker, and to love all for whom the Saviour gave his life. Such lessons, so early learned, are not easily forgotten. With the words which have been taught in the word-method, a short story has been written on the Creation. A few new words are introduced in this account of God's work in the be-ginning, and a practical lesson is taught of the power, wisdom, and stability of God's word. The same style and purpose is carried out in writing on other subjects. The aim is to keep the mind upon the things of God while teaching the child to read, and thus lead him to remem-ber his Creator in the days of his youth. The book has been enlarged by the addition of thirty-two pages of valuable matter. It is a most desirable book for 1 teaching, as well as a pleasant and attractive feature of the home. It is beautifully illustrated. printed on fine paper, and bound in heavy board, with handsome design in colors. REGULAR PRICE OF BOOK, - - - .35 WITH SENTINEL, one year, - - $1.15 ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 BOND ST., NEW YORK. THE "CYCLONE" STILL WHIRLS Sweeping Everything Clean Before It. SEE WHAT THE PEOPLE SAY: Milwaukee, Wis., Jan. 19. 1396. MESSRS Coon Bans.: Please send me 30 more "Cyclones" as soon as convenient. All to whom we have sold the " Cyclone" are well pleased with it and say that they like it better each time they use it. I will enclose some of their testimonials. JAMES CAMPBELL. YOUNG WOMAN MEMORY. MAN CULTIVATE YOUR Procure a set of BIBLE EXERCISE CARDS containing precious texts on the PROMISES OF GOD and i RULES FOR THE CHRISTIAN that every Christian should memorize. INTERESTING, INSTRUCTIVE, IN/WIRING'. 25c per set. ,Iddress, Wm. WARD SIMPSON, , Battle Creek, Mich. Compounds. A point that will be highly appreciated by printers and proof-readers is that in the " Standard" there is for the first time a uniform system of compounding. Those who have struggled with the annoying and per-plexing inconsistencies .of all dictionaries in this particular up to the present time will be able to properly estimate the advantage of having at instant command a guide from which there is no necessity of appeal. Double Hyphen. To avoid the confusion that often arises, especially in a dictionary, by the use of a hyphen for the division of both single and compound words, the German double hyphen is used in hyphened compounds. The use of the hyphen between the mem-bers of a compound word has proved a crux to all writers and printers hitherto. One authority calls for its use in a given com-pound, another "drops it out and rejects the composition, still another runs the two words into one. Each authority is inconsistent with its own usage, and all are at variance. The matter was looked upon by the editors of the "Standard " as one of such moment that they published a volume outlining their the-ory of composition and submitted it to experts for examination. The result is a system which is sure to be generally adopted. Capitalization. No former dictionary has attempted to set up authority on the use of initial capitals. Nearly all have given each word in their vocabularies as beginning with a capital and have left it to the individual compositor and general custom to settle whether the word is worthy in type of the dignity of capitals. In the " Standard " the words are printed in lower case throughout, except in the instance of proper nouns and proper adjective, where the capital letter is used, as in accordance with grammatical rules it should be. This is a matter of no small importance. Space forbids us to mention one in ten ofŁ the meritorious features of the " Standard." Suffice it to say that every one who can do so ought to procure this most recent a' d most complete of all dictionaries of the English language. Address Funk and Wagnalls, New York, N. Y. Among those who use the Waterman Pen are:Š REV. LYMAN ABBOTT, Editor "Christian Union," New York. CHAUNCEY M. DEPEW, Pres. N. Y. C. & H. B. R. Co. HON. W. E. GLADSTONE, Hawarden, England. JOHN WANAMAKER, Ex-Postmaster General. And thousands of others whose judgment may safely be trusted, all of whom with one consent pronounce the Waterman "THE IIIHAST FOUNTAIN PENN-" Among the many excellent features of this pen, to some of which we call attention, stands one of no mean value, and that is the shape of the holder. There Is, hi the new style. no prominent collar or shoulder to come in contact with the fingers when, writing, but the holder has the pleasing touch of any ordinary good pen holder. The Waterman makes a most acceptable present to a parent, to a child, to a brother, to a sister, to a friend, to anybody and will be SENT AT OUR RISK to any address in America on receipt of price. In ordering state what kind of a pen you like best. Whether stiff or flexible, fine or coarse, SATISFACTION GUARANTEED. No. 12. Ladies' size. [Small] $2.50. No. 14. Gentlemen's size - - $4.00. 66 13. 66 3.50. " 15. [Large] 5.00. No. 16. [Very large] - - - - $6.00. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PI313E1SHING CO., 3t3 Bond Street, N ew York City. 