AMERICAN SENTINEL. 153 uphold Spain as he is bound to be loyal to his church. He is bound to do this or repudiate his religion alto-gether. It is a cardinal principle of that religion that church and state ought to be united; and in harmony with that principle the Catholic Church and Spain have for centuries been closely united. And no Catholic can now repudiate the principle of church and state union, and the union of the Catholic Church with Spain in par-ticular, and still be a loyal member of the Catholic Church. By the very act of repudiating that principle, he would proclaim himself a Protestant. * Im is religion, above all things, that determines an individual's course of action. In the very nature of things this must be so. Religious obligations are recognized as the highest and most sacred. Dealing as they do with eternity as well as with timeŠwith affairs and interests that infinitely surpass in magnitude those of this tempo-ral worldŠthey take hold upon the mind and heart as nothing else can; they command the deepest emotions of the soul. In his sympathies, and the conduct through which these find expression, an individual therefore may be expected to respond first of all to the demands of his religion. The sincere Catholic is a Catholic before every-thing else. The religionist of any nameŠif he is sincereŠputs the claims of his religion before all others. This is only what every religion demands. Hearing on the Sunday Rest Bill. THE principal speaker at the hearing in behalf of this bill was Rev. W. F. Crafts, whose chief aim for many years past has been to promote Sunday observance by legislation. Mr. Crafts said that the bill was the same as had been recommended by the District Commissioners in 1896, and that it had been asked for at a union meet-ing of the churches of Washington in 1895, and had been indorsed by Archbishop Keane, Father Stafford, and Cardinal Gibbons, of the Roman Catholic Church. He also claimed that the measure was favored by the Amer-ican Federation of Labor, the Knights of Labor, and the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers. Upon this point he was disputed by Dr. W. A. Croffut, who said that he had recently talked with leading officials of the labor unions, and found them opposed to Sunday observance by law, and desirous of being left free to rest or work on Sunday as they themselves might choose. It cannot be denied, however, that resolutions favor_ ing Sunday laws have within recent years been passed at meetings of the labor unions, and that these organiza-tions stand on record as committed more or less definitely to Sunday enforcement. Mr. W. A. Gordon appeared for the Churchmen's League, an organization representing the Protestant Episcopal Church. He said that the League did not ask that the liberties of any man should be curtailed, but  that the Sabbath should be preserved from profanation. The "profanation" of the "Sabbath" can of course be nothing else than an irreligious use of the day. Mr. Gordon's speech was a plain admission that the Church--men's League asked Congress to forbid the people of the District spending Sunday in a way that was not religious. Mr. H. C. Kirk, President of the Secular League of Washington, took decided exception to the implied charge that Washington was a city given over on Sunday to immorality. He made statements to show that Wash-ington compared favorably with any other American city in this respect. Elder Geo. B. Wheeler, of the Seventh-day Adventist Church, scored a point by asking if the bill aimed to dis-tinguish between a religious and a secular noise; other-wise, the church bells and Salvation Army drums would be prohibited from use on Sundays. He referred the committee to a similar law in Tennessee under which one hundred and twenty persons had been arrested and sev-enty-eight fined or imprisoned. Quoting from recent statements made by Mr. Crafts, Mr. Wheeler brought out the fact that the leading advocate of the bill denounced all who do not observe Sunday as being traitors to God and but little better than traitors to their country. Mr. Crafts interrupted him with the statement that what he had said was meant for Christians; but obviously, that which constitutes treason for one person, must constitute treason for all; for one and all stand under the same obligations both as regards God and their fellow men. Rev. A. H. Lewis, representing the Seventh-day Bap-tists, made an able and telling speech against the bill, treating the subject from the standpoint of history and of the true interests of Christianity itself. If an institu-tion claiming to be Christian, he said, could not be main-tained without having the support of the civil arm, it would better go down as having demonstrated itself a fraud. It remains for the Congressional Committee on the District of Columbia to decide, from the report made to them by the sub-committee, whether or not the bill shall be favorably reported to Congress. Saloon Observance of Sunday in Chiacgo. "Harper's Weekly." "THE man doesn't live," said the mayor [of Chicago], "who could shut up Chicago saloons on Sunday. I shall not try to do it. It isn't for political reasonsŠthat's not important especiallyŠbut because the people would not tolerate it for an instant." "Then you don't believe in enforcing laws not ap-proved by public opinion?" "No, I don't," replied the mayor, "and I don't intend to try it." "But your oath of office requires you to enforce all laws, and Sunday opening of saloons is against law." 