AMERICAN SENTINEL. 573 A CORRESPONDENT who professes a strict adherence to the principles of the Christian religion, writes us that he has no use for the SENTINEL because it teaches that Christians cannot consistently participate in civil gov-ernment. He says he is taught, and fully indorses the idea that it is his duty to "use every lawful and honora-ble means to prevent religious legislation by the civil government;" but "when I go to the ballot box and ex-ercise the right of a citizen of a civil government, I am told that I am mixing in politics and bringing a re-proach upon my profession as aChristian. In fact, I am told by the SENTINEL that if I am a Christian I am not a citizen of any earthly or civil government, but simply a citizen of the kingdom of heaven." * * YES; that it what the SENTINEL teaches; and it teaches it because it teaches the separation of church and state. And in teaching this separation it wants to be consistent, and not teach separation of church and state in one place, and union of church and state in an-other place. Let us briefly consider the matter. * * * WE say that church and state should be kept separ-ate, because they belong in different spheres of action. The church is set in the world to be the channel of the love of God, flowing down to the sinner, offering him mercy, and-bidding him escape the penalty of his transgression of the law. The state, on the other hand, is established to lay the hand of force upon the transgressor and with-out mercy proceed to deter him and all evil-minded per-sons from the commission of crime, by inflicting the pen-alty prescribed by the law he has transgressed. Unite the two, and force would interfere with love, and love with force; mercy with justice, and justice with mercy. Each would nullify the other, and the good purposes of both God and man would fall to the ground. There would be no gospel to win souls to righteousness, and no guarantee of protection to men in the enjoyment of their rights. * * THE state is a political institution. It is of the world; for politics cannot be separated from the world. It opens its doors to all classes. To shut any class of the people out of politicsŠto deprive them of political privilegesŠwould be a flagrant injustice. And it would be an unheard-of thing even to suggest that political  rights should be denied to the worldly-minded. No sep-aration of politics from the world can be thought of. Worldliness must be in politics; it has a right there; and as a matter of fact it is there and always has b' n. And we may look in vain to find a more complete embodiment of every principle of worldiness than politics affords. * * POLITICS means force. Every ballot that is cast means force. There is no mercy in it, no persuasion, no love. Its word is inexorable,Šcarried out, if need be, by bullet and bayonet. It represents government by force, and that alone. * CHRISTIANITY, on the other hand, is not of this world. It contains not one element of worldliness. Were one such element mixed with it, it would no longer be Chris-tianity. The Christian must therefore be separate from the world. He is not of the world, but has been chosen out from the world. It is Christ himself who has done this. And those who have thus been called out from the world constitute the ecclesia, the church of Christ. * * * CAN the Christian, then, maintain his separation from the world, and at the same time take part in that which is of the world? Can he represent both a government of love and a government of force? Can he practice both politics and Christianity? Can he be both a part of the state and a part of the church? And can be do all this without uniting, in his own self, church and state? * * * CAN he be a part of the state andat the same time be separate from the state? or a part of the church and at the same time separate from the church? Since he can-not, as is obvious, can church and state both be joined to him without being joined to each other? Obviously, he himself is, in such a case, the joining element in their union. OCR correspondent does not believe in a union of church and state. He would not have the legislature enact religious laws; he is as much opposed to that as anyone. He would not have the legislature or any state body act in a religious capacity. But he says it is all right, and even a duty, for an individual representing the state to do this very thing. The individual voter is no less truly a part of the state than is the body of in-dividuals known as the legislature; the state is repre-sented as truly by the one as by the other. In each case the same principle is involvedŠthat of state participa-tion in religion. Tins is not a mere theory. It is what the people are doing in practice; it is what they are exhorted to do by 