AMERICAN SENTINEL. 763 "Mrs. W. T. Sherman got the Golden Rose as a spe-cial mark of favor for her service to the church, and it was too much for her, as she died soon after. The pope -cursed Italy as he had cursed England, and excommu-nicated King Humbert for taking the papal dominions and making Rome the capital of the kingdom. Since then she has risen from being a cipher among the na-tions to be a voice and a power in the councils of Eu-rope. He cursed Germany, and she became the greatest power on the continent. The pope blessed the French showman, Boulanger, and in less than two weeks he had to flee to Germany for refuge, and now fills a suicide's grave. The Princess of Brazil, when near her accouche-ment, requested the interposition of the pope and his blessing on her child. She received it and the child was born deformed. Maximilian was killed three years after being blessed by the pope as emperor of Mexico, and his wife became insane after going to Rome and receiving the benediction. The pope neglected some official busi-ness in order to give his special blessing to an English steamer laden with Sisters of Charity for South America, in 1870, and it never reached its destination. Every soul on board perished. The empress of Brazil was blessed but once. She broke her leg three days after-ward. It may be remembered that the floating palace delayed its starting from Montevideo to Buenos Ayres until it received the assurance of safety in the papal blessing. It then raised its anchor, sailed out to sea, and went down in two days. " 'The Order of Christ' was conferred by the pope on Dr. Windthorst, his great champion in Germany. He -died in less than a year. "August, 1895, the archbishop of Damascus, in ad-dressing the Spanish troops at Victoria, when about to start for Cuba, declared that the pope, like a new Moses, had raised his hands to heaven and prayed for victory. We know the result. The Spanish arms, the queen re-gent, and the king have had his blessings many times. On the last occasion it was at the commencement of the Spanish-American war, and the result was that Spain was miserably defeated, her navies sunk, her foreign possessions dropped from her grasp, and the once proud leading state of Europe sank into insignificance; the remnants of her troops returned home ragged, misera-ble, and sick. "The Grand Bazar de Charite in Paris on May 4, 1897, had the papal nuncio to deliver the benediction. It was scarcely five minutes afterward when the building was in flames and nearly 150 of the society ladies of Paris lost their lives. "The late empress of Austria was the recipient of the Golden Rose, accompanied by Leo's blessing. That did not protect her from the dagger of the assassin." Universalists and Sunday Keeping. AT the Biennial Session of the Universalist General convention, held in the city of Boston, Oct. 18-25,1899, the following resolution was unanimously adopted:- -"Resolved, That the Universalist Church in conven-tion assembled records its conviction that the seculariz-ation of Sunday is a grave threat to the religious, social and industrial welfare of the country; and expresses its  hearty sympathy with the aim and efforts of all those organizations and individuals who are striving to con-vince the people of the need of safeguarding by care and custom, which is stronger than law, a Sunday which shall give to as many as possible in every community the right to rest and the privilege to worship, both of which are taken away by the increasing attention to business and pleasure."ŠThe Defender. Religious Freedom in Porto. Rico. A FRIEND in Porto Rico has sent us a copy of a San Juan paper dated November 12, in which appears a letter from a citizen of Guayama; calling attention to the religious intolerance which still prevails there under the papal regime, in the matter of burials in the public cemeteries. It has become necessary, the writer says, to enlarge the cemetery of Guayama, and for this purpose funds are necessary which must be collected from the public. He adds:Š "Nobody is willing to give money for a cemetery, afterwards to be placed under the control of a particu-lar religious denomination which may refuse him inter-ment when dead. "This intervention, by religious bodies, during the Spanish regime was justified; under the flag of the United States of America, there is no excuse for it. The cemeteries all over the island have been constructed by the respective municipalities; the municipalities pay for the employees that look after the cemeteries, sell the vaults, and pay for the keeping of the grounds. Why then should the Catholic priests have anything to say in the matter? Only for denying the right to be buried there of someone who at the moment of death would not be considered by them a genuine Catholic. They do not care even when the tomb has already been paid for or whether the family has expended a large amount in the building of a costly monument. The dead one is not allowed to occupy the place that the loving folks have selected for him, if he happens to be a Mason, a Protestant, if he died without communion, or was killed in a duel, or if he committed suicide, or if he was excommunicated for not believing in some chapter in the Catholic faith. In fact, there are many reasons by which interment may be refused. We could cite many instances; but what is the use? They are well known all over the island. "This state of affairs should cease, and can legally be made to cease. The declaration made by General Brooke on taking possession of this island, in the name of the United States of America, states that all laws and customs, not opposed to the fundamental principles of the United States laws, would be respected. Is it not opposed to those laws when an officer not appointed by the American Government, not elected by the people, nor by the municipality, is allowed to control public property, as the Catholic priests do the cemeteries?" The writer adds that he does "not doubt that the Government will put an end to this nonsense." It cer-tainly will if it carries into effect the principles for which it professes to stand. 