AMERICAN SENTINEL. 221 Julian reckoning with much of race pride and religious,  feeling as well." Now that Russia is about to adopt the Gregorian Calendar, a similar step may be taken by the other Slavonic nations of the orthodox faith.ŠChristian Register. THE South Congregational Church, Boston, has sub-stituted water for wine at its communion service. The venerable pastor, Rev. Edward Evierett Hale, D. D., ex-plained to his congregation that it was in accordance with his long standing desire that the officers of the church had decided to make the change. "It is a mere matter of detail," he said. "The use of wine is in no way essential to the communion. At the great national conferences of the Unitarian Church I administered communion with water. Christ in his life on earth took the cup and drank the wine of the country. In every land it is customary to use in the communion service the beverage of the country, and, thank God, water has now come to be the beverage of America."Š Union Signal. Water is nature's beverage, made by the Creator, for America and all the world, though we cannot see in what sense it has now become the beverage of this coun-try any more than it was formerly. But it is not a symbol of the blood of Christ, and for that reason is wholly inappropriate for a communion service. It is better, of course, to use water, even at commu-nion, than any intoxicating drink; but why the church could not use unfermented "wine," which is no more intoxicating than water, does not appear from any facts known to us, or which we can imagine as existing any-where. Even a zeal for tenberance may be carried to extremes. A LEADING atheist journal published in this city makes this note of a bill now before the State legisla-ture relating to Sunday observance:Š "It is proposed to tinker the Sunday law of New York State by providing that any person who regards and observes another day than the first day of the week as the Sabbath may engage in business or labor on Sunday. Assemblyman Weekes has introduced a bill to this purpose. Such a measure ought to be rejected for several reasons. It is religious legislation, aban-doning civil ground and making religious belief and practise a test of the right to do Sunday labor. This permitting a Jew or a Seventh-day Adventist to do on Sunday what a Freethinker, a Protestant, or a Catho-lic is prohibited from doing is a total denial of religious equality. As a matter of fact, whether a citizen regards and observes one day or another, or no day at all, as the Sabbath, is not a legitimate occasion for legal in-quiry. Justice lies in one direction onlyŠnamely, to repeal every Sunday law on the statute books and ac-cord to the citizen the personal liberty of choosing his own holy days and holidays. These statutes are a fruitful source of injustice which could not possibly exist without them, and if the observance of any or no day were left to the choice of the individual. No thorough  believer in justice between man and man can for a mo-ment defend such legislation, enacted and maintained as it is for the purpose of enforcing conformity to a rule of the church." THE Religious Herald (Richmond, Va.) discerns the fact that religious liberty is imperiled by the careless thought of the age regarding it, and says:Š "The time is ripe for a reaffirmation of the princi-ple of religious liberty. Since that principle was dis-covered and incorporated in the fundamental law of the Republic it has suffered many violations, and to-day it is held very loosely and very obscurely by a great many of our people. The only safe rule is entire separation of church and state. The only safe policy is to resist the beginnings. As an illustration of the indifference of the public to the violation of this principle, we may men-tion the fact that the city of Richmond continues to make, against the repeated protests of a large number of her citizens and taxpayers, appropriations of public money to institutions undbr sectarian control. It is high time for those who cherish the doctrine to teach it without faltering and without apology." PAGAN COUNTERFEITS in the Christian church By C. A. S. TEMPLE. A vivid presentation of the pagan festivals, rites, and usages which the author finds in the Christian churches of to-day, together with two chapters on Freemasonry, which ought to be read by every Mason who professes to be a Christian. 587 pages, paper covers. Price 25 cents. Address House nearest to you. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 BOND ST., NEW YORK, N. Y. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write Names Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. KRICA_IN S  I-  LATIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom- promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OP THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. Single Copy, Per Year 001.00. " Six months .50. Three months .25. ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York. OAKLAND, CAL, KANSAS CITE. MO. 