PUHLISHED MONTHLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, OAKLAND, CAL. J. WAGGONER, zo T. 'JONES, SPECIAL CORRESPONDENTS. J. H. WAGGONER, E. W. FARNSWORTH, DAN T. JONES. EDITORS. " Corrupted freemen are the worst of slaves." VOLUME 3. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, DECEMBER, 1888. N UMBER 12. Tte ArieFical2 Bei21ir2e1. Entered at the Post-eice in Oakland. A NON-PARTISAN temperance correspondent Of the Oakland (Cal.) Enquirer says " I admire Miss Willard's work in every-thing except in drawing the Woman's Chris-tian Temperance Union into politics." And there is no dissenting voice from this side of the house. N 0-9  The Papacy in Germany. THERE was a Catholic Congress lately held in Freiburg, Germany, which showed the de- termination of the Papacy to push every claim to its utmost limit. The Congress de- manded the return of all the orders of the church into Germany, with permission for all of them to labor there without hindrance. It demanded also that the State give up the sole control of the schools, and give to the church a share in their supervision and direction. It further formulated a demand for the restora-tion of the temporal power of the Pope. The Germania, the leading Catholic periodical of Germany, backs up the work of the Congress with the following:Š "That which the shameless monk of Wit-temberg inaugurated three hundred and fifty years ago is no longer looked upon as a refor-mation. No; it was a rushing into a bottom-less pit. It is the most flagrant, the most rad-ical, the most wicked revolution which the world has ever seen. It was a revolution in the churchly, the religious, the moral, the po-litical, the social, the economic, the learned, the historical worlds. The foundation of the so-called Evangelical Church has long since been understood by intelligent men. Accord-ing to these, Protestantism is nothing but a mere rejection of all and everything that is supernatural; it explains everything on the basis of the law of nature, of natural develop-' merit, and not even the smallest nook is left 'open for the God of revelation. Its founda-tions are the purest godlessness and religious Ilihilism; and on such a foundation only hate and empty words, only decay and destruction, ifr time and eternity, can be built." All this only goes to show the determina-tion of the Papacy to re-establish her power everywhere by every means. And this evil leaven is working in the United States as well as in Europe. The American Sentinel and the Churches. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL has occasion fre-quently to criticise the actions, political and otherwise, of the churches, yet this does not in any way spring from any disrespect for the churches as such, nor for the religion which the Protestant churches profess. The SENTINEL is entirely Christian so far as we are able to.  understand Christianity from the Scriptures. As true Christianity is as far as the east is from the west from the principles and practices of the Roman Catholic Church, and we being to the best of our ability allied to true Chris-tianity, it follows as a matter of course that we are decidedly Protestant. We believe in one God, the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ. We believe in Jesus Christ as the Word of God, who is God, by whom " were all things created, that are in heaven, and that are in earth, visible and in-visible, whether they be thrones, or dominions, or principalities, or powers," who is before all things, and by whom all things consist; by whom alone there is salvation ; and who " is able to save to the uttermost all who come unto God by him." We believe in the Holy Spirit as the one who convinces the world of sin and of righteousness, and of judgment; and as the Comforter-and the Guide into all truth, of all who believe in Jesus. We believe that "except a man be born again he cannot see the kingdom of God," either here or here-after; and that in order to this new birth, men must be "justified  by faith,without the deeds of the law." We believe that it is by the obedience of Christ alone that men are made righteous ; that this righteousness is the gift of God; that it is received by faith and kept by faith; and that there is no righteousness that will avail for any man, except this " right-eousness of God which is by faith of Jesus Christ unto all and upon all them that believe; for there is no difference; for all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God." We be-lieve the Bible to be the word of God. We believe, according to the word of God, that the church is utterly separated from the world, and bound to Christ in the love of God, as a chaste, virgin to a lawful and lov-ing husband. This being so, the members of the church cannot be joined to the world without being counted by the word of God as adulterers against him to whom they profess to be joined in love. Says the Scripture, "Ye adulterers and adulteresses, know ye not that the friendship of the world is enmity with God? whosoever therefore will be a friend  of the world is the enemy of God." James 4: 4. " Love not the world, neither the things that are in the world. If any man love the world, the love of the Father is not in him. For all that is in the world, the lust of the flesh, and the lust of the eyes, and the pride of life, is not of the Father, but is of the world." 1 John 2:15, 16. As the individual members of the church of Christ cannot be joined to the world without being counted by the word of God as adulter-ers against him, so also the church as a body cannot be joined in any way to the powers of the world without likewise being declared by the word of God an adulteress and a harlot. When the professed Christian church of the fourth century forsook her Lord and joined herself to the imperial power of Rome, she was fully committed to that corrupt course in which the word of God describes her as that great harlot, " with whom the kings of the earth have committed fornication, and the inhabitants of the earth have been made drunk with the wine of her fornication." "And the woman was arrayed in pur-ple and scarlet color, and decked with gold and precious stones and pearls, having a golden cup in her hand full of abominations and filthiness of her fornication." "And I saw the woman drunken with the blood of the saints, and with the blood of the martyrs of Jesus." Rev. 17: 2, 4, 6. That is the Lord's description of the Church of Rome; and in the light of history no man can deny the truthfulness of the description. But every-body knows that she never could have com-mitted fornication with the kings of the earth if she had maintained her allegiance to Christ. She never could have been made drunken with the blood of the saints and with the blood of the martyrs of Jesus, if she had not traded upon her lascivious charms for the control of the civil power, by which she could persecute to the death those who de-nied the authority which she had so adulter-ously gained. Now the leaders of the Protestant churches of the United States are going in the same way in which the church leaders of the fourth century went. They are seeking an alliance with the civil power. They are seeking for this alliance for the same purpose, in the same way, and by precisely the same means. And when they shall have secured the alliance and gained the control of the power, the same results will inevitably follow this in our day that followed that of the fourith century. And to ,make the surety of this success doubly 