24 AMERICAN SENTINEL. That "Great Discovery " ! THE one leading object of the "Christian Endeavor" work for 1897, is to make universal the observance of Sunday as the Sabbath, and instead of the Sabbath. And this is to be accomplished by whatever means can be employed. In performing its part in the business, the Christian Endeavorer begins its campaign for the year, by boom-ing a fraud. ThelEndeavorer declares this fraud to be the greatest discovery since Columbus discovered this 'Con-tintentŠ"As important in theology as the discovery of America: was in geography." This "great discovery," this fraud in fact, is that the Sabbath of the Lord, the Sabbath of the fourth com-mandment, was not the seventh day, but "occurred on fixed dates like one's birth-day or the fourth of July." And yet they call it the "weekly Sabbath" ! Henceforth then all the people may expect Independence Day to occur, and may prepare to celebrate it, weekly on the fourth of July throughout the year: their birth-days likewise may be celebrated weekly throughout the year. That is a great discovery. And it is as plain as A B C that it is as great a fraud as it is a great discovery. Yet the Christian Endeavorer actually booms this thing as so great a truth that among other great things to be accomplished by it the Endeavorer "trusts" that " The Jews throughout the world . . . will be led to observe Sunday." This is a great thing of course, and so are some of the other things "trusted" for by the Endeavorer; but the greatest of all, the thing that brings most satisfac-tion to the soul of the Endeavorer, the thing that makes it fairly leap for joy, is the halorious fact that by this dismal fiction "The Seventh-day Adventists are left with-out any standing whatever ; " and "The Seventh-day Adventists will simply have no reason 'for existence." How great indeed must be the Seventh-day Adventists, in the view of the Christian Endeavorer, when a thing that is hoped to leave them "without any standing what-ever," and without any reason for existence, deserves to be boOmed as the greatest discovery of ages ! If the Sev-enth-day Adventists are really so important an element as this, we hardly expect them to be put out of existence by this fraud, gigantic as it may be. Mu. F: L. BOYNTON, member of the law firm of Boyn-ton & Smith, Kingfisher, Oklahoma Territory, who for some time has been doing a gOod work in supplying with Christian papers the prisoners in the jails of the Terri-tory, has enlarged .the field of his truly Christian en-deavor to include "families too poor to subscribe for papers, yet who hunger for dhristian reading; and fami-lies who are indifferent to Christianity, but who might become interested through good reading." He asks that all who are willing to cooperate with him in this, will send him their address. On receiving your address  he will send to you the addresses of persons to whom the papers may be sent; and then you send the papers, post-age prepaid, direct to the readers. This will not only supply reading matter to those in need of it, but it wilt put you in direct communication with those people so. that you can do further Christian work in their,behalf. We bespeak for gr. Boynton a hearty,Christian response from all our readers. Is This Laudable? ONE of the judges of the Supreme Court of the State of New YorkRoger A. PryorŠseems to think himself the special guardian of Sunday as "the Christian Sab-bath." A Hebrew society applied for a certificate of in-corporation. The society desired to hold its annual' meeting on the second Sunday of January, each year. The certificate was deniedŠnot because any law prohib-ited it, but because in the judge's opinion, " In the State of New YorkŁ the sabbath exists as a day of rest by the common law and without the necessity of legislative ac-tion to establish it." The judge acknowledges ',that *" The question is not whether such meetings on Sunday are illegal ; but whether they should be approved by a justice of the Su-preme Court:" and then gravely observes, "A thing may be lawful and yet not laudable." That is to say, that without any law judges may curtail the liberty of the citizen according to their o'vn individual view of what may or may not be laudable. And the judge's-view of what is laudhble may spring from his own per-sonal religious bias; yet that is to make no differenceŠit, is to be imposed upon the citizen, and must be sub-mitted to by the citizen; anyhow; because, though not lawful, he considers it laudable. JUdge Pryor says that "The members of the pro-posed corporation are of a race and religion by which not the first but the seventh day of the week is set apart for religious observance"; but that "The law which scrupulously protects them in the observance of their-ceremonies gives them no license, and I am sure their have no desire, to affront the religious susceptibilities of others." That is the doctrine and the principle of the fullest possible religious despotism. For when I know that others in what they do have no desire to affront my religious susceptibilities, and then I prohibit them from doing those things lest they-affront my religious suscep-tibilities, it is plain enough that my "religious suscepti-bilities" is only another name for an exceedingly despotic spiritŠa spirit that would compel everybody to conform to my religious notions. So as the conclusion of all this the judge says that "Because the holding of corporate meetingS on Sunday is contrary to the public policy of the State, if not to the. letter of the law, I decline to approve the certificate." And bear in mind that this "public policy of the State" is not what the people have declared by constitution or 