14f 'Vol,. 0, go. 10., man, also of the Sunday Watchman, hereby publicly disavow every utterance which I have published or permitted to be published in said papers derogatory to the person, or sacred office, of any bishop of the church, and I hereby recall any reflection upon the most reverend administrator of this diocese which has appeared in the columns of those papers, and I prom-ise to prevent any such publications in the future under my control. I also retract the false position assumed in the article entitled "Address of the Edi-tor," and fully acknowledge the right given to bishops over papers that claim to be exponents of Catholic thought. It appears that the Church of Rome is again triumphant in her determination that free speech shall be suppressed, and that Catholic editors are owned by their superiors.ŠIronclad Age. . 1  Ł  A Christian's Plea for Truth, Justice, and Freedom. [The Independent Pulpit, of Waco, Texas, June, 1893, contained a reprint of a speech, by Rev. H, M. Curry, before the National University, of Lebanon, Ohio, which was called forth by an address advocating the prohibition of infidel literature by law. It is so replete with' good sense, that I make some lengthy extracts for the AMERICAN SENTINEL, trusting that the editors will give it room, and so give others the benefit of the same, inasmuch as the principles equally apply to all religious laws enacted by the State,ŠH. F. PHELPS.] Tins question involves the most sacred rights of man, and the most vital princi-ples of human government. I take my stand upon the side of truth, justice and freedom. I am not an infidel; but sup-pose I were, would that subject my con-science to the dictates of other men ? Would it take from me the inalienable rights to which I am born, and which are vouchsafed to me by all principles of gov-ernment? So far as human legislation is concerned, I have a perfect right to wor-ship any god or no god, just as my con-science might dictate. I have a perfect right to criticise or to question any creed, any religion, or any book, notwithstand-ing any claim that either may make to divine origin. If I should not believe the Bible I have a right to say so, and no one has a right to prohibit me from publish-ing to the world my reasons for not believ-ing it. This nation is not owned by a church, nor creed, nor any body of divinity. This is a purely secular Government, a Govern-ment for the people, without respect to shade of religious belief whatever. Let us forget, then, for a short time, that we are Methodists, or Baptists, or Presbyte-rians, or Catholics, and remember that we are men and women, American citizens, living under a constitutional Government, which declares that all men are created free and equal. . . . Thomas Paine, Voltaire, David Hume, Diderot, and many other illustrious men, were driven to renounce the Christian religion by the abominations of the so-called " Christian Church." The abuses of the name of the Christian religion have led more thinking men to question the truth of the Bible than all the infidel books ever published. . . . But the religious people are afraid the infidel will prove that the Bible is false, and destroy the Christian religion. Where is their faith in the divine authorship of the Bible ? Where is their faith in the divine origin of the Christian religion ? Where is their faith in God as the author and preserver of both Bible and religion, when they think that the infidel must be restrained by law from demolishing both ? If those who profess Christianity and pretend to believe the Bible, would show their faith by their works, others would  have more respect for their profession and more confidence in the existence and char-acter of God. True Christianity does not need any such protective tariff system for its preservation. The current commercial religion of the present day may need such protection, but I am sure that Bible reli-gion does not. The evidences of the truth of the Bible are written far beyond the reach of infidels. They are written in the very framework of the universe; written in the earth and in the sky ; written in the stones and in the stars; and closer still, written in the experience of millions of human hearts. If the Bible should be burned, and the ashes scattered to the winds, the heavens would still declare the glory of God, and the firmament would still show forth his handiwork. If men should hold their peace, the stones them-selves would cry out. Truth has never sought protection be-hind such legislation; neither has it ever sought to suppress error by law. It has always stood upon its own merit; and though sometimes crushed to earth, has risen again, and in the resurrection has shone forth more brilliant, more convinc-ing, more powerful than ever. Jesus said, " I am the truth; " he also said, " I have overcome the world." Truth, then, has overcome the world; and the victory denies that this measure is for truth's pro-tection. All the interests of the Christian religion, both for time and eternity, are centered in Christ; and he said, when brought before Pilate, " My kingdom is not of this world." This was the greatest crisis, from a human standpoint that Christianity can ever be called upon to pass through. Look at the picture : Christ, the Founder, the Builder, the Prophet, the Priest, the King, the Hope, the Life of the Christian religion, stood arraigned before the judgment seat of the powers of dark-ness, to receive the sentence of death. If there is anything ih the elements of this world that could contribute to the defence of his kingdom in any way whatever, it certainly would have been called into action by this time; and if in this most trying hour he had nothing to ask of the rulers of this world, we may safely con-clude that there never can arrive a period when earthly governments will be required to defend his cause. Christianity is not of this world, in its origin, elements, pro-visions, protection, government, nor des-tiny. It is of heavenly birth, and by its own inherent power it shall accomplish its mission on earth. . . . The proposition is altogether impracti-cable. What court or tribunal would de-cide the infidelity of a literary production ? Congress would have to create a Sanhe-drim for this purpose, and the matter would naturally fall into the, hands of the clergy. To favor one sect to the exclusion of all others would be acknowledging a State church, which is an impossibility in America, at least for the present. To form such a council of representatives of all sects and non-professing men would be creating a State authority in matters of religion, which is not only contrary to our Constitution, but would be trampling under foot the blood of our fathers, set-ting up a beast that would turn and rend us by devouring every principle of freedom we now enjoy. . . . The proposition calls for restriction of the liberties of the press, and it is to be objected to on that account. Our Constitution provides that Congress shall make no law whatever abridging the freedom of speech or of the  press; and with jealous care of what is almost universally regarded as a sacred right essential to the existence and per-petuity of a free government, a provision of similar import has been embodied in each of our State constitutions; and a constitutional principle is thereby estab-lished, which throws a shield of protection around the free expression of opinion in every part of our land. Does this oneness of sentiment of the great and good men who framed our Government argue nothing against this measure ? They were men of the broadest experience, the ripest wis-dom, the purest motive, and the profound-est statesmanship, and they with one accord declared that the press must be free. But we forget the experience, wis-dom, and prudence of our fathers, and are carried into the merest religious senti-mentalism. . . . This proposition is barefaced intolerance; and what could be more hateful to a Chris-tian, more obnoxious to an American cit-izen, or more antagonistic to free govern-ment ? Something occurs every day to remind me that the spirit of the Inquisi-tion still slumbers in the breasts of the people. True it has ceased to burn alive, to saw asunder, to lash the back, to bore the tongue, to cut off the ears, to build dungeons and erect gallows; but it comes with the face of the lamb, and modestly, meekly, piously requests that the press be surrendered to its controlŠthat the most sacred rights of man be laid at its feet. The spirit that would deny the infidel the freedom of the press, would forbid him the freedom of speech; as a last resort would burn him at the stake. The leading creeds of the world, whether Catholic, Protestant, Jewish, or Mohammedan, have arrogated to themselves authority over the consciences of men and have taken upon themselves the herculean task of ridding the world of heresy, infidelity and all false worship; and in their vain at-tempts to accomplish their utopian whims, they have filled the earth with blood. The principles of this resolution are chil-dren from the womb of infidelity itself, cradled in superstition, nurtured in intol-erance, and grown old in their father's business, and are calculated to raise up and dignify a religious aristocracy, to prostrate the rights of man, and event-ually to repeat the dreadful scenes of per-secution which in past ages have drenched the earth with human gore. The gentleman who advocated this pro-position from this stage had a great deal to say about a law for blasphemy. Con-cerning this allow me to relate an incident. The makers of the Presbyterian creed caused Servetus to be arrested for blas-phemy. Calvin was his accuser. He was condemned to death by fire. He was bound to the stake, the fagots were lighted, and for awhile the wind carried the flames away from his body, so that he slowly roasted for hours. At last the flames climbed round his form; his murderers beheld through fire and smoke a white, heroic face. There they watched until the man became a charred and shriveled mass. Law against blasphemy banished liberty from Geneva, and there was nothing but religious intolerance left. Hear another and then draw your con-clusions. A few centuries ago a serene and noble man made his appearance in one of the Eastern countries. None had ever seen one like him before. He was wiser than Solomon, he was meeker than Moses, he was more patient than Job, 