632 AMERICAN SENTINEL. -which they are designed to hide; but against authority there is no defense. It was authority which crushed the noble sentiments of Socrates and others; by authority the Jews and heathen combatted the truth of the gospel; and when Christians increased into a majority and came to think the same method to be the only proper one for the advantage of their cause, which had been their enemy and destroyer of it, then it was the authority of Chris-tians which, by degrees, not only laid waste the honor of Christianity, but well nigh extinguished it among men. It was authority which would have prevented all refor-mation where it is, and which has put a barrier against it wherever it is not. What the Churches Teach Officially, Regarding ti Observance of Sunday.-2. BY CHARLES E. BUELL. THE confession of the Swiss government churches de-clares in the most simple terms that which is held by all government churches:Š "The observance of the 'Lord's day' is founded not on any command of God, but on the authority of the church; and the church may alter the day at pleasure."ŠCox's Sabbath Laws, p. 287. This was the thought expressed by Tyndale in his reply to Sir Thomas Moore. He says:Š "And as for the Sabbath, a great matter, we be lords over the Sabbath, and may yet change it into Monday, or any other day if needs be, or may make every tenth day holy day, or we may make two every week if it were expedient . . neither was there any cause to change it from the Saturday other than to put a difference between us and the Jews; nor need we any holy day at all, if the people might be taught without it."ŠLewis, Hist. of Sunday Legislation, p. 274. The State Church of Prussia, which is a union of Luth-eran and Reformed elements, holds to the Augsburg Con-fession for its rule of practice in Sunday observance. Among the evangelical churches, probably the largest of the denominational families throughout the world, is the Lutheran. Their system of faith and practice is founded on the Augsburg Confession, and this says con-cerning the observance of Sunday, that it is not neces-sary nor need any one feel that they commit sin if they violate the regulation concerning it; and it states in italics:Š "Those who suppose that the ordinance concerning Sunday instead of the Sabbath is enacted as necessary are greatly mistaken."ŠAugsburg Confession p. 40 (Lu-theran Pub. Society, Philadelphia). There ought to be some explanation for publishing an ordinance and then clearly and emphatically stating that it is not necessary. There is another statement of vast import, made in  connection with the preceding. It is: "Neither the Sab-bath nor any other day is necessary." The Augsburg Confession was formulated by a con-vention at Augsburg, Germany, during the reign of the Roman Catholic monarch, Charles the Fifth. This docu-ment was signed by John, Elector of Saxony; George, Earl of Brandenburg, and five other princes, and by the Senates of Nuremburg, and of Reutlingen, as appears in the printed copy. The adherence of the princes and civil rulers to the Lutherans may have accounted for the stringent meas-ures which the Roman Catholic monarch enacted, evi-dently to check the growth of the seemingly rival church. In the Quaker publication, "Au Apology, etc.," by Robert Barclay (Friend's Publishing House, Phila., p. 375), it is stated that while the convention which formu-lated the Confessional, was in session at Augsburg, Charles the Fifth commanded that John, Elector of Sax-ony, should be present at mass, and carry the sword be-fore the monarch, as was his office to do. "Which, when he scrupled to perform, his preachers, taking more care for their prince's honor than for his conscience, persuaded him that it was lawful to do it against his conscience, which was both a very bad example and a great scandal to the reformation, as the author of the history of the Council of Trent, in his first book well observes." It is evident that the Lutheran clergy were timid in the face of the conflict which would have arisen if the Elector of Saxony had disobeyed the command of the monarch; and there is the secret of the publishing of the ordinance for the observing of Sunday, and with it the statement that it is not necessary to observe itŠthe tim-idity of the clergyŠwho, shrinking from a persecution, smothered the very conscience, rejected the Sabbath sanctified by Jehovah, and bowing to the armies of Romish rulers, went through the formalities of observ-ing the pagan day. The same spirit which prompted the statement, "Neither the Sabbath nor any other day is necessary," has so far prevented a return to "the old paths," a return which would have proved a blessing to the millions of Lutherans throughout the world. The Society of FriendsŠQuakersŠearly discarded the designated Sabbath of the fourth commandment of the Decalogue, and while having no reverence for Sunday, for convenience, and to avoid the persecution which con-fronted those who openly neglected Sunday observance, in the early days of their organization, kept the pa-gan day to the extent of resting and conducting worship thereon. In "The Doctrine of Friends," by Elisha Bates, pp. 249-250, quoting from Barclay's "Apology, etc.," prop. 11, the views of the Quakers are set forth:Š "The Society of Friends believe that 'the holy days,' `new moons,' and 'Sabbath days,' observed under the law, were shadows of things to come, and ceased with the shadowy dispensation. . . . An improper venera-tion of days, and other shadows of the legal dispensation 