316 TGIF AMERICAN which churches differ." What does he mean by " dogmas " ? It is fair to presume he means those doctrines taught by the various sects or denominations which constitute their cardinal differences. Let us see how much of the Bible there will be left for one of the teachers in a public school to teach when all these are avoided. The Christian believes that Christ was the true Messiah. The Jew believes he was an impostor. The dogma of the Messiahship of Christ must be avoided. The Trinitarian believes in the divinity of the Son, and his co-equality with the Father. The Unitarian believes that Jesus was a mere man. The dogma of the divinity of Christ must be avoided. The Baptist and the Presbyterian believe in the doctrine of election and final perseverance. The Methodist rejects both. The dogma of an effectual call must be avoided. Orthodox Christians believe that re_ pentance and faith are essential to salvation. Uni-versalists believe that all men will be saved whether they repent and believe or not. The dogmas of re-pentance and faith must be avoided. Baptists be-lieve that nothing but immersion is baptism. Pedo-baptists believe that rantism or something else will do. The dogma of baptism must be avoided. Bap-tists believe that regeneration is an essential qual-ification for church membership. Pedobaptists do not. The dogma of regeneration must be avoided. So we might extend the list of so-called " dogmas' until every essential doctrine is eliminated from the Bible, leaving little else besides the fly-leaves and the lids. And this is just the position that every Christian, and every Christian paper, should assume upon the question of the Bible in the public schools. The Book of books can properly have no place in schools supported by the State. American Principles. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL is a thorough-going Protestant journal, and is therefore opposed to every form of the Roman Cath-olic doctrine, and to the Roman Catholic system as a whole; but we do not indorse in any degree this anti-Catholic cry that is becoming so prevalent. Our opposition to Roman Catholic doctrine, and to Roman Catholicism as a system, is confined wholly to the field of reason and discussion. We maintain that the Roman Catholic has just as much right to be a citizen of the United States as any other man, that he has all the rights of any other man, and that these rights are just as sacred as those of any other man. We know that any man or any class of men who would deny the Roman Catholics any civil rights whatever, would deny the same thing to anybody else. It is certain, therefore, that if this anti-Catholic crusade that is being so urgently pressed by many who appro-priate to themselves the name, American, would be as thoroughly despotic if it had its way as Roman Catholicism ever was, or as any system could be. And although all these papers and associations boast of their Americanism, the spirit of the whole movement is everything else than Amer-ican. Americanism, that is, the genius of American principles and American polit-ical doctrine, is the recognition of the equal rights of all,Šof the rights of the  Roman CatholiC as well as of the Protest-ant, and of those who are neither, as well as of those who are either. The constant ambition of THE AMERICAN SENTINEL is to be thoroughly loyal to genuine American principles, asserting and defending the equal rights of all the people whatever their religious profession may beŠthe right of any man to be a Roman Catholic and a citizen 'at the same time; the right of any man to be a Protestant and a citi-zen at the same time; the right of any man to be neither and also a citizen,Šthe right of the Roman Catholic Church to exist as a church, and to have its own church schools free from any interference by the State, as the State has the right.  to its schools free from any interference by any church; and the same to any Protest-ant church. We believe in the right of the State to exist, and in the right of the Church to exist, and in the total and ab-solute separation between them. A. T. J. The Veritable Facts. WHAT we want, and ask for, is facts. We can supply principles, and offer their application; but we must get the facts by information. We cannot invent or deduce them. We tried to get the facts about the re-lation of the Roman Catholics to our public schools; but we did not get all of them in our issue of three weeks ago. We- gave an account of the more noted cases, those that had come to our knowl-edge; but some were not included in the many articles then published. We add a few obtained since from Iowa. Having seen in the Advance a brief reference to the public schools in Dubuque as allowing the Catholic catechism to be taught in some of them, we wrote to the Superintendent of Public Schools of that city, and received from Mr. Hardie, Sec-retary of the Board of Education, an absolute denial. That seemed conclusive. But it appears that the Advance had con-fused the city of Dubuque with the coun-try districts in the same and an adjoining county, and that what was not true of Du-buque was true of the neighborhood about it. We give the facts as stated to us by a correspondent; and so full and circumstan-tial are they that we cannot help believing them. Here we have an extraordinary illustration of what the Catholic Church has done in a community of Catholic for-eigners cast upon these shores, unaffected by American ideas and American civili-zation. The. Rev. Charles 0. Brown, pastor of the First Congregational Church of Du-buque, writes us the following facts, from his own personal observation and investi-gation, about which there can be no doubt:Š At Key West, three miles southwest of Dubuque, the public school is in the same yard with the Catholic church, and is taught by nuns, who teach  the Roman catechism as a regular study. At the time of the writer's visit school was dismissed that the children might " go riding with the sisters " to a neighboring convent. At New Mallory and Prairie Creek, the Roman Catholic catechism is regularly taught, the writer himself having been present at one of the recitations on the observance of mass. At Bernard a similar state of things exists. At Wilton, near Asbury, three miles northwest, several years ago a priest ordered, and secured, the removal of the public school from its own to a building of his selection, where he regularly heard recitations in the Catholic catechism, and where he was accustomed to order the whipping of different pupils. At Holy Cross the public school building was sold years ago, and the public school is now in a building on church property, taught by nuns. All of the above places are in Dubuque County. The following places are in Jackson County. At Spring Brook a state of things very similar to that in Holy Cross exists. At Spruce Creek, Otter Creek, Butler, and many other places, the catechism is taught. At La Motte the school is a building next to the Cath-olic church, which the former bishop, Smythe per-suaded the directors to erect on church land. This was done and the house paid for with public money. The present bishop upon coming into the diocese, laid claim to the property, and has since controlled it. At one time a lawsuit was imminent; but the Catholic who dared to oppose his bishop died, and so the matter was dropped. It is needless to add that the Roman catechism is taught there. At the time of the writer's visit to that neighborhood, school was dismissed that teacher and pupils might attend a " mission " which priests from Chicago were conducting. But it is reserved for Tete-de-Morte, a little village about eight miles north of Belle-vue, to cap this sheaf; for there the public school of District No. 2_ is in a four-storied nunnery, which is flanked by a Catholic church and cemetery with a life size image on the cross, in the same yard! Of course, the school is taught by nuns, and equally of course, the Roman catechism is taught. These are only instances. Many more might be given. In many of these schools not only is the catechism taught, but Roman Catholic text-books, filled with exaggerations and perversions of Ameri-can history, are in use. Facts which have more recently come to the writer persuade him that Clay-ton and Delaware Counties are also suffering from similar abuses; but to what extent he is not at pres-ent ready to say. Now these facts are just what we wanted to know, and what we wanted the public to know. Here are religious schools, with undoubted sectarian instruction, paid for out of the public funds. The great State of Iowa ought to put an immediate stop to it. We doubt not it is contrary to the State Constitution. If the reading of the Ł King James version of the Holy Bible in the public schools is declared unconstitu-tional by the Supreme Court of Wisconsin, what shall. be  said of the teaching of the Roman Catholic catechism in the public schools of Iowa ? We urge the citizens of Iowa to purge out this injustice and to give their children really undenomina-tional public schools. Catholics have complained, and justly complained, that Protestant religious ser-vices were held in the public schools. We have admitted that they were right, and that injustice has been generally ended. But here we have a disheartening example of what the Roman Catholic Church has done with the public schools when it had the power. Can Catholics justify it ? Will they not join with us in correcting the abuse ?--s-New York Independent, ;dept. 25, 