'ME AMERICAN' SENTINEL. 25t their traffic the other six days. Therefore, Ito sum up, since it is in the saloon keeper's interest to have the Fair closed on Sun-days, since he would be welcomed as an ally, and since the " Sabbath " reformers have manifested solicitude for his physical welfare, why has he not joined the Co-lumbian Sunday closing movement ? IL B. MAITEEIL "ilavtiling on the Sabbath." RECENTLY, the California Christian Ad-vocate published the following upon this subject :Š In most cases it is done out of entire indifference to the claims of the Sabbath. For Christians to travel on Sundays except on clear cases of neces-sity or mercy, is inexcusable. The Church in the West has often been disgraced by the worst kind of examples of Sabbath-breaking by ministers from the East. They come into towns on Sunday, or go on excursions on that holy day. In one case a minister came into a town on Saturday night, and was cordially invited to preach. He begged off from the morning service, but agreed to preach at night All day Sunday he was out with a mis-cellaneous company on a grand excursion to the mountains. Such acts demoralize and disarm and disgust the Church. We plead for the sanctity of the Sabbath in vain when we desecrate it our-selves. It is a shame and a disgrace for Christians to violate the law of the Sabbath. Oh, Advocate, now you've done it ! You have gone and almost spoiled the last ditch plea for a Sunday law in Cali-fornia. The American Sabbath Union has planned a two years' crusade in be-half of "the only State in the Union with-out a Sunday law." One of its main pleas s that Sunday desecration is greatly de-moralizing the people of the State. And prominent ministers of the leading de-nominations have taken up the strain, endeavoring to create the impression that Sunday laws form the great moral pro-tectorate of the country. Ever and anon comes the wail about the State's lost con-dition, all because it has no Sunday law. We are continually pointed to the good effect of the Sunday laws of other States, until any one who should only hear that side would naturally infer that Sunday in the East is one grand feast of morality. But here comes the Advocate, Šthe Pacific Coast organ of the very church in whose arms the infant American Sabbath Union was nursed, and whose ministers are loud in bemoaning California's isolated and de-plorable conditionŠand upsets the kettle. It comes right out and says that even the ministers from those Sunday-law States come out here and sot a very bad example in the matter of Sunday observance. Just think of it; a minister from a Sun-day-law State begs off from preaching in order to go " with a miscellaneous com-pany on a grand excursion to the moun-tains." Now the Sabbath Union will have to find a new plea for its pet scheme, and the Sunday-law ministers will have to advance some new theory for improved Sunday observance. Evidently the Sun-day laW iS a failure in the other States,  when even the ministers come from under its influence to this Coast to " demoralize and disarm and disgust the Ł Church " where there is no Sunday law. W. N. GLENN. Oakland, Cal. Shall We Have "Church and State" or Church and State ? MAXIMS and traditional phrases are one of the safeguards of liberty. Trite say-ings, in course of time gather unto them-selves all the force of law. Take for in-stance the colonists who asserted the time-honored Anglican principle that " taxa-tion without representation is tyranny." The patriotic colonists would no more hear a denial of that principle than they would hear to a decree making them slaves ; in fact, they considered that a submission to any kind of tax by Parliament was a submission to slavery. Hence, the Revo-lution, and American liberty. There is another political idea which the American mind holds just as dearŠholds with just as great reverenceŠas it does the foregoing maxim; and that is the separation of " Church and State." Knowing this to be true, and knowing that any one who would presume to agi-tate openly for any such thing, would not stand any chance whatever of success, some modern " reformers " who hold iden-tically the same opinions, are working for identically the same kind of laws and form of government, and applauding iden-tically the same actsŠnow assert that though they do not want " Church and State," are " totally opposed to Church and State," etc., yet they want a religious State, or a Christian State. This is a specimen of Jesuitical casuis-try, that American people, who for a cent-ury have enjoyed the unparalleled bless-ings of religious liberty, should see the ab-surdity of at once. They most assuredly will do so, and act accordingly, too, if they still have the spirit of liberty in them that was in the American people a cent-ury ago. The English Government at-tempted a similar deception upon the colonists by taxing them under another name. But the plan did not succeed then. Will it succeed now ? It is a mistake to suppose that the Amer-ican revolt of the last century was against the term " Church. and State;" in fact that term was comparatively little used; it was against the institution, against Gov-ernment and religion being connected in any way or having anything to do with each other. To show that the great American move-ment was to preserve religion in its purity and integrity, and to confine the State to civil affairs alone, and not simply to object to what some people call " Church and State," I have collected a few terms used by one of the early American statesmenŠJames MadisonŠthe " father of the Amer- ican Constitution." These are simply gath-ered at random, and I do not suppose they begin to represent all of the terms of Mad-ison himself, much less all of those of that most interesting period of our coun-try's history. 'Some of Madison's expressions are : " The veteran error of entwining the civil and ecclesiastical polity ;" " distinc-tion between what is due to Cesar and what is due to God;" " mutual independ-ence of the religious and civil polity ;" "religious establishments;" "ecclesias-tical establishments;" " established Chris-tianity " (not established sects); " religion and politics;" " hierarchy;" " combina-tion of the civil and ecclesiastical polity," etc. Fully as many terms were used in reference to our religious equality; such as, " enjoyment of the freedom of relig-ious opinions and worship," " perfect equality of rights which it [the American secular political system] secures to every religious sect," etc. Washington, Madison, and Jefferson declined as plainly as words could declare, that Christianity as a religion had no more claims whatever upon the Govern-ment than any other religion. Washington's treaty with Tripoli de-clares: "The Government of the United States of America is not, in any sense, founded on the Christian religion ; " and asserted further that " it has in itself no character of enmity against the laws, re-ligion, or tranquillity of Mussulmans." And Madison in his speech in the Vir-ginia Assembly against the establishment of Christianity pointedly asked : " What is Christianity ?" And then answering his own question he declared to the listening AssemblyŠ" The courts of law will have to decide." And then again he asked, " Is it trinitarianism, arianism, or so-cinianism ?" etc., etc., etc. And then he addedŠ" It ends in what is orthodoxy ? what heresy ? " This is what Madison was opposed to. " Who does not see," he subsequently wrote, " that the same authority which can establish Christianity, in exclusion of all other religions, may establish, with the same ease, any particular sect of Chris-tians, to the exclusion of all 'other sects ?" And Jefferson, who wrote the celebrated Virginia " Act for establishing religious freedom," tells how the Assembly sup-ported him in his views, proving that in their eyes as well as his, " its protection was meant to be universal." " Where the preamble " says he " declares that coercion is a departure from the plan of the holy Author of our religion, an amendment was proposed, by inserting the word " Jesus Christ," so that it should read, " a departure from the plan of Jesus Christ, the holy Author of our religion;" the insertion was rejected by a great ma-jority, in proof that they meant to com-prehend within the mantle of its protec- 