JAN. 12, 1893. S,IRNTVIIN severity of the Covenanter doctrine down to the broadest liberalism. " The Sabbath association unquestion-ably does not represent all these forms of religion and can not, therefore, claim to be a purely popular agency. Why then appropriate the term ' Christian' and assert a monopoly of its application ? Would it not be more sincere and more equitably indicative of the origin and purposes of the blue-law movement to say, ' We, the allied Reformed Presby-terians, etc.,' instead of ' We, the Chris-tian people' ? " Disguise the movement as they may, its supporters can not strip it of its strictly sectarian character nor conceal their de-sign of subordinating all other interests to those of a few denominations which do not comprise anything like a majority of the citizens of this great country. " We would suggest to those people ac-cordingly that they give ' prayerful con-sideration' to the First Amendment of the Constitution of the United States which says : ' Congress shall make no law respect-ing an establishment of religion, -or pro.. hibiting the free exercise thereof,' and also to section 3, article 1, of the Consti-tution [of Pennsylvania], which says: 'No human authority can, in any case what-ever, control or interfere with the rights of conscience, and no preference shall ever be given by law to any religious establish-ment or mode of worship." Rights of the Minority. THE following communication from the editor of a Tennessee paper is of interest as showing the view taken by many of the rights of the minority :Š EDITOR AMERICAN SENTINEL: In your review of my article on " Proper Sunday Laws " (SENTINEL, Dec. 15, 1892), intended to be caustic, you ask me a question. Will you kindly allow me to answer it ? The question is: " Even if the principle of Sunday legislation were right would the minority have no rights ? Would it not be equally just for the law to provide that all labor done on the sev-enth day by Sunday keepers be performed in such a manner and at such places as not to interfere with the religious devotions of those who observe another day ?" My answer is that law, government, the State, can not do theoretical or exact justice. Of those in our country who regard one day in seven as a Sabbath, ninety-nine in every hundred sanctify Sunday and perhaps one sanctifies Saturday. These figures may not be accurate, but the vast majority who make any difference in days, the vast majority of all our citizens, regard Sunday as the Sabbath. In Morristown, in all upper east Tennessee, I do not know of one person who sanctifies Saturday. If such a person should move here, theoretically his rights to a quiet day should be protected; but to hamper the toil of hundreds of thousands for the sake of a single Seventh-day Adventist, or a single Mohammedan, who wished to pray on Fri-day, would be a practical injustice. The majori-ties must rule. Their opinions in regard to right and wrong, so far as they affect the public peace and common weal, and only so far, should shape the legislation. Mathematical justice is impos-sible in the political sphere. As I have tried to answer your question, will you allow me to ask you a question ? If you refuse to base legislation on the moral convictions of the majority of the people, on what will you found it ? JAMES B CONVERSE, Editor Christian Patriot, Morristown, Tenn. The question of rights is not one to be settled by majorities. No majority, how-ever large, has any legitimate power what-ever to deprive the minority of any nat-ural right. Rights never conflict. The plea that Sunday laws are necessary in order that those who want to rest on that day may do so is disingenuous. If the small minority of one in a hundred can rest with the ninety-nine busy around  him, can not the ninety-nine rest while the one works ? Certainly they can. The fact is that it is not the noise of Sunday work that disturbs the ninety-nine, but the knowledge that the one dis-sents from them on a vital, religious ques-tion. At Springville, Tenn., a number of rushing railroad trains do not disturb the Sunday keepers, while a single Sab-bath-keeper hoeing in his garden or sprouting stumps in his back field, con-stitutes " a nuisance to the community " and "an offense against the peace and dignity of . the State " !! The ninety-nine Sunday-keepers desire Sunday laws, not because they can not rest while the one hundredth man works, but because they will not rest while that one man dissents from their religion and emphasizes his dissent by Sabbath rest and Sunday work. The courts of Tennessee and the United States Circuit Court for the Western Dis-trict of that State have virtually admitted that this is so; and it is vain to deny it. The Seventh-day Adventists, of whom Mr. Converse writes, keep the original, divinely-appointed seventh-day Sabbath because they believe it to be a vital point; because they believe God demands the observance of that particular day; be-cause they fail to find a single iota of au-thority in the Bible for the change of the day, and they most emphatically decline to recognize the right of any power on earth to substitute another day; and because they all honestly and firmly believe the Bible teaches that the final test of faith with this generation will be on this ques-tion. Will God excuse these people from the penalty attached to a violation of his immutable law simply because a majority chose to believe and practice otherwise than according to his direct command ? The fact of the matter is, Sunday is not, never was, and never will be, the Sabbath; and God never has, and never will recog-nize it as such. The question which the editor of the Christian Patriot asks, was quite fully answered in the SENTINEL of Nov. 3, 1892, but we will give some of the points again. Sunday legislation is not based on the same principle as laws against murder. The laws against murder, theft, and adul-tery are not based upon the law of God, but upon the inherent rights of man to life, and the possession of that which is rightfully his own. Sunday laws are asked for on the ground that God is insulted, dishonored and robbed, and that his vials of wrath will be poured out upon this Government if the fourth commandment is not incorpo-rated in the law of the land. The one universal and sufficient basis of civil legislation is the natural, the in-herent rights of men. " We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights, that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, that to se-cure these rights governments are insti-tuted among men." We are not dependent upon revelation for a knowledge of the mutual obligations resting upon intelligent, social beings; for the Creator has written the laws that should govern human intercourse in the great book of nature, as well as in the volume of his revealed will. This truth is recognized in the words already quoted from the Declaration of Independence : " We hold these truths to be self-evident." On the other hand the principles of God's  moral law are not self-evident. It is true that they appeal to man's better nature when brought home to his conscience by the divine Spirit, but it is nevertheless true that man can not " by searching find out God." It is, therefore, upon the law revealed in nature, and not upon the law revealed in holy writ, that all just civil laws are based. It is obvious from the principles stated, that God could never commit to man the administration of His written law. That law being spiritual is vastly more than a civil code; it is a moral law; and God as the only moral Governor must administer it himself or else abdicate his throne. For if it were the province of the State to in-terpret and administer the law of God, the subject of that law would ask, not, What does God require ? but, What does the State require ? Not, What does the law of God say ? but, What does the State say about the law of God ? Thus, man's thought and loyalty would be diverted from God to his vicegerent, the State. And not only would men seek merely to know the will of the State, caring little whether or not it was also the will of God, but the State being the divinely ordained interpreter and administrator of the di-vine law, God himself would be bound by the action of the State. That which the State prohibited would be sin; and that which it permitted would be virtue, regardless of the real purpose of the di-vine Lawgiver. For it is not supposable that God would clothe the State with au-thority to define and enforce his law and yet hold the subject responsible for the errors of the State. It is a mistake to suppose that civil government is Christian, or that it ex-ists only for Christians. It belongs to the race. It is true that the most perfect civil governments exists in so-called Chris-tian lands; and this is unquestionably due to Christianity; but it by no means follows that the State has any right to take cognizance of moral questions and forbid certain things simply because they are not in harmony with Christianity, and are morally wrong. All legitimate au-thority and action of the State comes, not from the moral law, which is a matter of revelation, but from the law of nature, which is self-evident. We do not maintain, however, that the State may not forbid that which in the light of Christian civilization is seen to be an invasion of inalienable rights. Christianity has had an influence in the world such as no other religion has ever had; its influence is to civilize and to Christianize; it civilizes all with whom it comes in contact; it Christianizes all who accept it, and who from the heart obey its teaching. As a nation becomes civilized through the influences of Christianity upon the people who compose that na-tion, its laws become more humane and the rights of the people are more fully recognized and adequately protected. As men become imbued with the principles of Christianity they will the more readily perceive and acknowledge the rights of their fellows; and this change will be speedily manifested by more liberal laws and by a more equitable administration of justice. But true Christianity never leads to a disregard of the rights of others. Those who are made free by Christ never seek to enslave their fellows. The true Chris-tian will recognize God as the only moral Sovereign, and he will leave all men as 