there never has been, and there never can,, be, presented, a stronger justification 'of the saloon and its work. Because if the saloon is worthy of having a day of rest assured to it to reciiperate its wasted ener-gies better to prepare it 'for the business of ;the week that is to follow-Lso worthy, indeed, that the Government must step in and guarantee this by law then the saloon business is, a worthy work. And those who plead for the Sabbath rest for the saloon-keeper, while he still pursues his traffic, thereby justify the saloon traffic as a worthy business, equally with all other buSiness in the pursuit of which it.  is proper for a. man to keep up his ener-gies to the best state, in order that he may Ł  do' at all times his very best, The AmericanSabba,th Union; thereforef, justifies' the saloon traffic as a , worthy; basiness on all days ,except Sunday,; justifies it as a business which is worthy the support of the State in keeping`up its energies to the best state in order that it may do its very best in the Work to which it is deVoted. Oh, yes, by all means, let this "bitter cry" of the saloon-keepers and the bar-tenders, and all their worthy associates in dealing out hell to deluded soulsŠlet their-`bitter cry" for Sabbath rest be, heard by ,the Government, and answered, by a law which shall assure them forever one day in seven to recuperate their wasted energies so that they may enter with renewed vigor each week upon, their Worthy work! A. T. J. Church and State. Tim Bishop of Marseilles, in France, 4 seen fit to' issue to the clergy of 'his diocese a circular telling them that while the elec-tion: of deputies is a political matter it,is a sin to vote ill. Following this the Minister of Public Worship issued 'a circular calling Ł the attention of the French bishops to the law, and pointed out to them that priests are forbidden to interfere with political matters or to exercise pressure upon the consciences of their flocks. To the people of the United States; born and educated under a' representative form' of govern-inent, the' whole question of Church and 'State seems a very simple one. The inborn and: ingrained sentiment of the American people is that electionS are not matters of ethics, but matters of politics, "and that if any religious teacher, no matter what he -may 'be called, desires to take any part in theta it must be as a citizen, and in no Other capacity. The' priest of any religion hag an undoubted right to denounce a bad man 'who is a candidate for office, but that 'right depends upon his being a good citi-Zen, not upon his holding a religiOus office, and his right is not superior to that of any Other good citiZen:, France can never be genuinely republican until the divorce between Church and: State is made absolute. No matter what may be' the 'prevailing sentiment there,  whether a majority of the people be Cath-olic or Protestant or Israelite or Agnostic, Ł the' teachers of religion, as such, have no right to interfere in any way in the elec-tions; for to dO sO is to destroy the funda-mental idea of popular government.---San Pi^ancisCo Chronicle. That Sunday-laW Tour. LAST week we had space merely to no-tice Łthe fact that Mr. Crafts of the Amer-ican Sabbath Union, intends to make an-other tour across the continent and back in the interests of a national Sunday law. He announced that those who desire ad-dresses from him " should send early in-vitations, stating what months and what days of the week are first, second, and third. choice. When lectures can be put at dates that will chime with other dates in the same region," the terms are : " A guarantee of at least $15 for a week-night or afternoon; $.20 for a convention, af-ternoon and evening; and $30 for a Sun-day." " Local entertainment to be pro-vided " in every case. Three services may be held on Sunday for the thirty dollarS ; but it is thirty dollars whether there be one service or 'three. Where there are three meetings on Sun-day, no engagement will be made for Sunday morning " where the church will not either appropriate $10 or more " " or give' the collection." Sunday afternoon Meeting is expected to be " in some hall, opera: house, or pavilion, and whatever is taken in the collection beyond expenses of rent and advertising" is to go to the ',cause. Sunday evening Meeting is ex-pected to be a union of,  ` at least several ohiirches;' and the entire collection is 'to be devoted " to the Work." It is to be "understood that those send-ing invitations " for Sunday speeches do guarantee $30 as a minimum; " and whatever is raised more than thirty dol-lars, goes to him anyhow, which, ho says, is " for Sabbath-reform literature " which is-" unspeakably needed iii large quanti-ties to checkmate the literature against the American Sabbath which is being cir-culated"vastly more than our own in all parts 'of the land." Whenever the collec-tion falls short of the full amount of the guarantee, it must be 'made up " on the spot." And, " the 'collection should be taken' immediately after the address in all cases, and at once counted, so that, if it is insuffidient, the balance may be secured before diSniission." The gentleman does not prepose to risk even a cent's worth, for a minute. The' "'entertainment" fOr the' tourist must also " be engaged in advance at a ho-tel-or a home, and informatien sent some days before arrival as it is not , always POSsible, even When intended, to meet the .speaker at the depot, and it is very ern-' barrassing to drive about town in a hack, to get this information.'" ricina our Ob.  serVation, ' we had not supposed that Mr. Crafts Was so easily embarrassed as this would imply; because to most pople it cer-tainly is not' a "very embarrassing" thing to find a hotel in any town in this country where there is a hotel; except, Of course, as in such a case as this, where a man doesn't want to pay his own expenses and wants everything cash down " on the spot." As further particulars are learned of the proposed tour we shall announce them. A. T. J. Rome Takes a New Departure. THE Jesuit leaders, in their recent Baltimore Congress, decided that the Ł Romanists of America are not yet numer-ous enough to risk an immediate conflict here with heretics, and the rising tide of a patriotic revival must be checked at once by conciliatory measures. Protestant churches, political leaders, and even the great masses of citizens in the United States and Canada were becom-ing thoroughly alarmed at the overbearing attitude of the hierarchy of Rome, for ulterior and Satanic purposes ' - she now putS herself on best behavior. No class in our country will hereafter claim such exalted position because of its devotion to temperance, patriotism, benevolence, lib-erality, fraternity, and charity, as Rome. This part must be played out to the end, even if some genuine patriots detect the counterfeit .imposition and continue to protest. How wisely this feature has been outlined by the following utterance of the Roman Congress in these words: "We 'arc in favor of Catholics taking greater part than they have hitherto taken in general philanthropic and reformatory movements. There, are many Christian issues in which Catholics could come together with non-Catholics, and shape civil legislation for the public weal. In spite of rebuff and injustice, and overlooking jealousy, we should seek alliance with non-Catholics for proper Sunday observance," etc. What is the English of this ? The lion has been abused by the lamb for 'a long time. The lion is now willing to become magnanimous, and will forgive the spites 'and rebuffs received from the lambŠfor the present. Rome is now to head the forces of re-formation as against the licentious Mor-mon priesthood. She now poses as the party Of reform 1 The Protestants of America have never been able to adopt radical legislation that would entirely re-move the Mormon cancer because of, Ro-man indifference to the Mormon evil. Henceforward legislation in this direction, bids fair to be thoroughly drastic in its nature. In the past Rome has favored the intro-duction of the irreligious continental Sab-bath to take the place of the Christian observance of that day. Now, we may look for Congressional action that: will force the people to keep the first day holy (?) by law, with severest penalties, just as Rome is now intriguing to secure the passage of a law in Japan that shall compel that Whole peopleŠmen, women, and childrenŠto be baptized into the Roman faith, officially. Do you see' any union of Church and State in. these Jesuit schemes Antericdn, 