  IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HUE NOT."ŠJesus Christ.   VOL. 13, No. 14. NEW YORK, APRIL 7, 1898. Single copy 3 cents.       The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. ifirAny one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it (Entered at the New York Post-office.) ENFORCED idleness is not rest. It is unrest. Ł 34.- 4 Ł THE pedigree of the "civil Sabbath" is wholly reli-gious. LAW furnishes nobody with the power to obey its requirements. "RELIGION is the best armor in the world, but the worst cloak." "MEN will wrangle for religion, write for it, fight for it, die for it,Šanything but live for it."  cannot be made a department of religion without de-stroying civil government. EXPERIENCE with a strict Sunday law in the large cities proves conclusively that in such places at least the measure does not lessen crime or promote the safety of life or property. THE man who believes he ought not to keep Sunday, and has the courage of his convictions in the face of all opposition, is of more value to his community and to the state than the one who believes likewise, but has not the courage to do what he thinks is right. -4  Civil Government and the Gospel. "THE powers that be are ordained of God." Rom. 13:1. "The powers that be" represent civil government. In a fallen world, civil governmentŠa government of force Šis a necessity. But civil government is not the only or the most im-portant thing ordained of God for this world. Before civil government arose, it was ordained that fallen man A FORCED uniformity never does anything to pro- should be restored to his lost estate by a plan of redemp-mote unity. The one is directly contrary in spirit to the tionŠthe gospel. other. This was because "God is love," and the salvation of manŠthe object of that loveŠwas in the sight of God the thing of primary importance. There are then, in the world, two governments, both ordained of God; namely, civil governmentŠa govern-ment of forceŠand a government of love, which is opera-tive upon the earth through the gospel. The government of love is God's government; for "God is love." This was ordained of God from the begin-ning, and must always 'continue, so long as the character of God remains what it is. Civil government, being not of love but of force, was not thus ordained, but became a RELIGION cannot be made a department of civil gov- necessity on account of sin. ernment without losing all its goodness; and politics These two governments being in the world, both or- UNION of the state with religion, means a state con-science in religion, by which the individual conscience is to be superseded. "To render good for evil, is God-like; to render good for good, is man-like; to render evil for evil, is beast-like; to render evil for good, is devil-like." 