''`HE "civil Sabbath" is an alleged ssity of these times; yet if the vho are calling for it and ex-o make so much use of it, e perfectly civil in their own 144  AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, MARCH I, 1900. THE Sabbath law of God commands that the seventh day be observed as the Sabbath, and also commands that no other day be observed as the Sabbath. Hence it necessarily clashes with every Sunday law. Im is wrong to perform secular work on the day set apart by the Creator as the Sabbath; but this is so only because of the duty which we owe to God. It cannot become a crime to do on one day of the week what is not criminal on another day of the week. SABBATH desecration is a trans-gression of the law of God; and the penalty, fixed by the same Author-ity which enacted the law, is death. If men are to enforce this law, they are logically bound to execute its penalty, and send Sabbath-breakers to the gallows or the electric chair. IT is not necessary to a union of church and state, that the two should be united to enforce religious beliefs and observances in general. A single point, as for example, the observance of Sunday as the Chris-tian Sabbath, is sufficient basis for as real a union of church and state as ever existed. The results to all dissenters from this church dogma will be precisely the sameÑfines, imprisonment, etc.Ñthat would fol-low to dissenters under the most obvious union of church and state that was ever known.  conduct, the "civil Sabbath" would amount to nothing. If they would admit the necessity of the Golden Rule, and practise it, they would never interfere with the religion of their neighbors in the way that the "civil Sabbath" is designed to jus-tify them in doing. NEARLY all the States of the Union have Sunday laws, but these laws differ widely from each other in their regulations and their penalties. In some States, also, they are at times quite strictly enforced; and in other States they are almost dead letters. And California has been for years without any Sunday law at all. And yet Sunday observance is about as general in one State as in another; it is not promoted by the Sunday laws, nor hindered by their absence. It is as general in California, which has no Sunday law, as it is,in Penn-sylvania, which has been noted for its Sunday law. And who, from these undoubted facts and condi-tions, can point out any necessity for Sunday laws at all, or discover any good purposewhich they clearly serve in society? THE Canadian Baptist reports that no person can obtain the position of conductor on the Toronto Street Railway unless he is willing to work on Sunday, and says that this and the operating of other lines of busi-ness on Sunday "not `¡, only robs many of the Sabbath rest, but it robs those who will not give up their day of worship, of employment." But the Baptist seems to forget that no person can, be deprived of the Sabbath except with his own con-sent, for Sabbath desecration is a sin, and no person is obliged to com-mit sin. Any person who,prizes the Sabbath as he ought will hold on to it, and he who gives it up does so for the same reason that caused Esau of old to part with his birthright. And as for robbing people of em-ployment, it is to be observed that either the Sabbath-keeping people or some others must be "robbed" of  employment; for all cannot be em-ployed, and where one is taken on another must be dismissed or some other applicant for the same posi- ¥tion must be turned away. When we look closely at the facts that are alleged to make out a case for enforcing Sunday observance, we always find that there is no good reason for summoning the power of the state to help an individual to be a Christian. Jr is difficult to sift the truth from the mass of conflicting reports that come from the battle fields in South Africa; but one thing seems clear, and that is that the civilization of Paris, London, or New York is not essential to the development of those physical and intellectual qualities which make men heroes. The world would be just as well off to-day if it were not quite so highly civilized. WE have received from the "Truth Seeker Company," of this city, a booklet giving the "Secret Instruc-tions of the Jesuits;" being a re-print of a publication which ap-peared in 1723, in Amsterdam. We have no reason to doubt the gen-uineness of these "Secret Instruc-tions." They were designed by the Society of Loyola to be kept very secret, and if by mischance they should fall into the hands of the public, the members were instructed to deny that they were the rules of the Society. Their publication how-ever probably does little harm to the Jesuits and accomplishes little good for the cause to which that Society stands opposed. For the Jesuits have by no means a monop-oly of the evil principles which their " Secret Instructions" embody; if they had such a monopoly, they could accomplish little harm in the world. But the trouble is that they exist to a greater or less extent in every heart where principle is sub-verted to policy, in every life that is devoted to the service of self. It is the general prevalence of this de-cadent spirit, rather than the ma-chinations of the Jesuits, that is menacing the perpetuity of liberty and just government in the earth. 