.348 AMERICAN SENTINEL. and not one true heart to befriend or care for hiM, for as Edna has told you, his marriage was a very unhappy one. "Now, as considerable remains yet to be learned concerning this unhappy monarch, we will stop for to-day, and ask Edward Barnaby to write a few of the most important facts of this king's life which we have not men-tioned to-day, and read to us next Tuesday what he has written." "I'm afraid I can't find any facts to help me," said Edward, slowly, blushing. "You know, professor, we haven't many books at our house." "I think Jean lend you some helps, my boy," said his teacher, kindly, as he dismissed the class. MRS. L. D. AVERY-STI1TTLE. "A Time of Trouble Such as Never Was." "MAMA, when we were talking about making an image to the beast, you said that a decree would go forth to put to death those who would keep God's command-ments in spite of the laws of the state; but that before it was carried into effect, the Lord would come, and deliver his own." "Yes, Charlie. Though the world will be arrayed against commandment-keepers, and they will be looked upon as troublers in Israel, as Elijah was, yet the time of trouble such as never was, will fall upon the world, and not on the servants of the Most High. Please read what Daniel says of this time. Dan. 12:1,2. " 'And at that time shall Michael stand up, the great prince which standeth for the children of thy people; and there shall be a time of trouble, such as never was since there was a nation, even to that same time, and at that time thy people shall be delivered, every one that shall be found written in the book.' "The next verse speaks of the resurrection. Michael is another name for Christ as you will find by comparing 1 Thess. 4:16, John 5:25 and Jude 9. The voice of the archangel is the voice of the Son of God, and the arch-angel is called Michael. So Christ stands up, or reigns for his people, and delivers them in the midst of a time of trouble such as never was." "Mama, what will make this terrible time of trouble?" "The cause of the trouble will be the same cause that has always resulted in troubleŠthe forsaking of God, the transgression of his law. In forsaking God, the world puts itself from under God's protection, and- abandons itself to the will of the powers of evil. We have already spoken of the agency of evil spirits in deceiving the peo-ple. These will act a large part in bringing about this time of trouble; for one result of forsaking God and his law will be world-wide war. You may read what the apostle John, in vision, saw done by evil spirits in gathering the nations to war. Rev. 16:14." " 'They are the spirits of devils working miracles, which go forth unto the kings of the earth, and of the  whole world, to gather them to the battle of that great day of God Almighty.' "You know, Charlie, that the war _spirit is now work-ing among all nations. The most terrible war imple-ments have been invented, and nations are groaning under taxation to sustain vast armies. Our own nation is involved with Spain in an apparently righteous cause Šthat of delivering the oppressed Cubans; but before long, all nations will be in bloody strife, that will have no semblance of righteousness to justify or excuse it. James says, 'From whence come wars and fightings among you? Come they not hence, even of your lusts? . . . Ye lust, and have not: ye kill, and desire to have, and cannot obtain: ye fight and war." "I know, mama, that when war does become general, it will be more terrible than any war of the past." "Yes. It will not only bring frightful suffering to soldiers, but to those who do not go to the battlefield. Famine, pestilence, outrage, devastation, and death fol-low in the wake of war." "Mama, how soon do you think these terrible troubles will break on the world?" "I cannot tell, Charlie, how soon the world-wide as-pect will appear; but, no doubt, the beginning of the time of trouble is upon us. The rich oppress the poor; the poor are becoming desperate. There will not only be war on the battlefield, between armed enemies, but war be-tween rich and poor. James says, `Go to now, ye rich men, weep and howl for your miseries that shall come upon you. . . . Ye have heaped treasure together for the last days.' Only yesterday, I saw an account of a bread-riot in Italy. You remember Coxey's army of un-employed men, who a few years ago marched to Wash-ington. There are mutterings of the coming socialistic outbreak, when the cry of 'Bread or blood' will be the watchword- of men and women made desperate by star-vation." "Mama, when all these horrors come upon us, who will have time to think of Sunday laws, and of persecut-ing Sabbath-keepers?" "These very horrors will be attributed to Sabbath-keepers. They will be charged with bringing down the wrath of God on men." "Why? What for?" "Because they refuse to receive the traditions of men, and persist in keeping God's commandment. You must remember,-Charlie, that Satan and his hosts are working to marshal the whole world against Christ. Those who stand loyal to God_ against the laws that Satan has instigated to force allegiance to him, will be a target for his malignity. Men will be deceived as they have been in the past, and will think they do God service in ridding the earth of the just, but the prince of evil will know what he is doing. He will work on the superstitions of men as he did in the Dark Ages, misapply God's Word, and hold up the innocent as malefactors. All the old agencies for deceiving the world are becoming active. Wizards, ne-cromancers, mediums, astrologers, diviners, miracle- 