2/6 Tht-M A_MEIRWAN 8VNTINVL: ences ? Professed Christians should be ashamed of themselves for asking human law to sustain an obligation for which they claim a divine command. If God has commanded men to observe Sunday there Is certainly no need of human la* upon the subject. If he has not com-manded such observance, the sooner it sinks into eternal desuetude the better. If Christians want people to observe the things they believe, let them present to the world the example of a consistent life. There is no influence to be com-pared with the power of Jesus Christ in a truly consistent Christian. It is to this power, and to this alone, that Christians are to look for success in making mankind better. Let us trust more in God and less in human law. A. O. TAIT. Prohibition from a Wrong Standpoint. THE SENTINEL is not and never has been opposed to the prohibition of the liquor traffic on proper civil grounds. It may be that under existing conditions prohibition is not practicable; but that does not affect the principle. If the saloon is a menace to the peace and safety of so-ciety, if it makes criminals and paupers, thus increasing the burdens of taxation, if it endangers life and destroys property, F. the State may properly prohibit it. But this is not the standpoint from , which prohibition is advocated by the great majority of those who are in favor of it. Very unfortunately, it is made a religious question. It is proposed to pro-hibit the liquor traffic not as a menace to civil society, but as a sin against God. This is a most serious mistake. It is a mistake however to which the Prohibition-ists are very generally committed. This is well illustrated by the following reso-lutions, which among others, were adopted by the Prohibitionists of St. Lawrence County, in their recent convention at Ogdensburg, this State:Š Resolved, 1. That the question of how to deal with the rum traffic is the problem of the age, and that its solution is the work upon the hands of the Prohibition party under God. Resolved, 6, That the interests of Nation de- mand a faithful observance of the holy Sabbath and the enforcement of law touching the same, for the sake of the home and public safety. In the name of God, and home, and native land. In this assumption of a divine commis-sion  to abolish the liquor traffic lurks a very grave danger. Necessarily, when men assume to act for God, they assume also to interpret the will of God; and in this the Prohibitionists are no exception. Demanding prohibition for religious rea-sons, because it is sin, and because it hin-ders religious work, they necessarily stand committed to the suppression of every-thing  that in their view is morally wrong, that is, everything that is in violation of the divine law; for it cannot be denied  that if it were the duty of the State to prohibit the liquor traffic because it is sin against God, it would be equally its duty to prohibit all sin. It is this confusing of civil and'religious things that leads the Prohibitionists to demand Sunday legislation. Assuming that it is their mission to prohibit sin, and believing disregard of Sunday to be sin, they demand that it too be prohibited. This is directly in the same line with the National Reformers, whose scheme of government is thus explained by Rev. N. R. Johnson, in the Christian Statesman: All civil governments and all officers should take the Bible as the higher law and as the rule of ac-tion. Indeed, this holy law is just as good a rule of action in the State, as in the Church, or in per-sonal relations. Accordingly the whole moral law as summed up in the ten commandments, and the whole moral Mosaic penal code, would be the rule of action in Congress, in State Legislatures and in the courts of justice. Kidnapping, man-stealing, blasphemy and adultery, as well as murder would be punished by severe penalties. Not the ever-changing will of the people, but the unchangeable ^ law of the Most High would be of supreme author-ity.  As this would be right, can we doubt that good would result ? This we are told " would tend power-fully to the suppression of existing evilŠof all abounding wickedness. Public idol-worship, profanity, blasphemy, Sabbath desecration, disregard of parental author-ity, oppression of the poor, and of the millions once enslaved, shameful wrongs done to women, the licensed liquor traffic, intemperance, legalized prostitution, in-famous divorce systems, polygamy, blood-shed, adulteryŠthese and similar evils would be punished as the divine law re-quires." To be consistent every man who de-mands prohibition because the liquor traf-fic is sin, must with avowed National Re-formers demand the enforcement of the whole of the moral law as summed up in the ten commandments; in short every logically consistent Prohibitionist is, whether he knows it or not, committed al- ready to the National Reform, scheme. And this is the reason that no man who has a just appreciation of freedom of conscience, and who is willing that his neighbor should enjoy the perfect relig-ious.  liberty sought to be guaranteed to , every citizen by the Constitution of the United States, can affiliate with the Pro- hibition Party. C. P. /3. Interesting Statistics. AUGUST 8, the Census Bureau issued a bulletin giving statistics of the Roman Catholic Church and all other Catholic bod-ies historically related to it which are rep-resented in the United States. The total number of communicants is 6,250,045, who are attached to 10,221 organizations (churches, chapels, and stations), making an average of 611 communicants to each congregation. The total value of church property, including edifices, the ground `  on which they stand, furniture, bells, etc., is $118,381,516. The average value of each edifice is therefore about $13,500. The Metropolitan See of New York, with its 472,806 communicants, has church property valued at nearly $9,000,000; that of Chicago comes second, with property worth $6,457,064, and that of Boston third, with a total of $6,379,078. Brook-lyn comes fourth, with a valuation of $5,751,907, and Newark fifth, with $4,-297,482. These five sees have more than one-fourth of the entire valuation of the church. In the distribution of communicants, the archdiocese of New York comes first, with 472,806; Boston second, with 419,660; Chicago third, with 326,640; Philadephia fourth, with 251,162; Brooklyn fifth, with 228,785; St. Paul sixth, with 203,484; and Baltimore seventh, with 192,597. There are twenty-two sees, which contain up-ward of 100,000 communicants each. The church is represented in every State and Territory in the country, including Alaska, and the District of Columbia. It has organizations in every county, except one, in the six New England States; also in every county in New York, New Jer-sey, Wisconsin, and other States and Ter-ritories. Madison's Views of "Property." PROPERTY, in its most general sense, is the right to the use or enjoyment of any-thing. We have a property in our time. All of each individual's time (that is, as far as government is concerned) belongs to himself ; hence, government has no more right to dictate to an individual how he shall use his time than it has to dictate to him how he shall use his money; and it has no more right to deprive him of the free use of his time than it has to deprive him of the free use of his money. Each individual, in actions that concern only himself, is absolute sovereign, governed only by natural laws. The father of our National Constitution in an essay written in 1792, carried this idea of property even further :Š " In its larger and juster meaning, it [property] embraces everything to which a man may, attach a value and have a right, and which leaves to everyone else the like advantage. [ italics Madison's] . . . He has a property of peculiar value in his religious opinions, and in the profession and practice dictated by them. . . . In a word, as a man is said to have a right to his property, he may be equally said to have a property in his.  rights. . . . "Government is instituted to protect property of every sort; as well that which lies in the various rights of individuals, as that which the term particularly ex-presses. This being the end of govern-ment, that alone is a just government which impartially secures to every man whatever is his own. 