AMERICAN SENTINEL. 101 republicanism. I should have to tell him that it was an outgrowth of false Christianity, and not one of the "lights" which Christians are commanded to shed upon an unbelieving world. I should feel bound to acknowl-edge to him, moreover, that it violates the spirit of our constitutional guaranties, and is a state religion in em-bryo; that if we have no right to tax him to support "worship" we have no right to tax him to support reli-gious instructions; that to tax a man to put down his own religion is of the very essence of tyranny; that how-ever small the tax, it is the first step in the direction of an "establishment of religion;" and I should add, that the first step in that direction is the fatal step, because it logically involves the last step. But it will be asked how can religion, in this general sense, be' essential to good government? Is atheism, is the religion of Buddha, of Zoroaster, of Lao-tse, con-ducive to good government? Does not the best govern. ment require the best religion? Certainly the best gOv-ernment requires the best religion. It is the child of true religion, or of truth on the subject of religion as well as on all other subjects. But the real question here is, not what is best religion, but how shall the best religion be secured? I answer, it can best be secured by adopting the doctrine of this 7th section in our own bill of rights, and which I summarize in two words, by calling it the doctrine of "hands off." Let the state not only keep its own hands off, but let it also see to it that religious sects keep their hands off each other. Let religious doctrines have a fair field, and a free, intellectual, moral, and spir Ł itual conflict. The weakest, that is, the intellectually, morally, and spiritually weakestŠwill go to the wall, and the best will triumph in the end. This is the golden truth which it has taken the world eighteen centuries to learn, and which has at last solved the terrible enigma of "church and state." Among the many forms of stating this truth, as a print ple of government, to my mind it is nowhere more fairly and beautifully set forth than in our own Consti-tution. Were it in my power I would not alter a sylla-ble of the form in which it is there put down. It is the true republican doctrine. It is simple and easily under-stood. It means a free conflict of opinions, as to things divine; and it means masterly inactivity on the part of the state, except for the purpose of keeping the conflict free, and preventing the violation of private rights or of the public peace. Meantime, the state will impartially aid all parties in their struggle after religious truth, by providing means for the increase of general knowledge, which is the handmaid of good government, as well as of true religion and morality. It means that a man's right to his own religious convictions, and to impart them to hit own children, and his and their right to en-gage, in conformity thereto, in harmless acts of worship toward the Almighty, are as sacred in the eye of the law as his rights of person or property, and that although in the minority he shall be protected in the full and un- restricted enjoyment thereof. The "protection" guar-anteed by the section in question means protection to the minority. The majority can protect itself. Con-stitutions are enacted for the very purpose of protect-ing the weak against the strong; the few against the many." The "Sabbath" Trust. BY H. E. OSBORNE. As THE numerous organizations devoted to the "protection" of the "Sabbath" progress in their work, the spirit which prompts them becomes more apparent. It therefore happens that their own zeal frequently re-sults in happily acquainting the observer with the actual animus of their movement. At a recent meeting of the New England Sabbath Protection League, in Boston, considerable attention was devoted to Sunday bicycling as a menace to their pet institution. Among those invited to speak was President Eliot, of Harvard, who found occasion to dis-sent from the views of the preceding speakers on this particular question, and he therefore urged moderation on the part of the League. Presumably this was quite distressing to the League, but the incident served to set before the auditors a very instructive contrast. That some were thereby edified is apparent from certain "Editorial Points" in the Boston Globe, of January 31. Here is one of them:Š "By inviting President Eliot to address them, the members of the New England Sabbath Protection League offered themselves the opportunity to listen to some lovely common sense." Now it is but fair to infer from the above that in the estimation of at least one person the League is not ac-customed to hearing "common sense," and it was so re-freshing to him that he enthusiastically denominated it "lovely"! That is good, but better still, the Globe apŁ prehends the spirit of monopoly which moves the League to the prosecution of its purpose. In proof of this state-ment we quote the following:Š "President Eliot's position is substantially that the Sabbath was made for man, and not for the New Eng-land Sabbath Protection League." Thus does the Globe naively expose the trust spirit behind this organization and its movement. If only it might be learned that the Sabbath was indeed made for man, not for leagues; and that individual men and not leagues will be held amenable for its desecration, how speedily would disappear these methods involving the force of human law. Once establish the divine principle of individual accountability, and the worse than wasted energies of these "leagues" and "unions" would immedi-ately be applied to useful ends. The ordinary trust only ventures to control the price 