Archambault scourged the parishioners for their disre-gard of church authority. Fainting women were re-moved from the auditorium of the church when he de-clared that henceforth the temple was deserted and that, the sinning Catholics had turned God from their church. In the future, he said, they would do without the benefit of the clergy; no bells would toll, no high mass would be said. "When it was declared that no offices of the church would be held, not even those for the dead, the canon was interrupted by a wail of lamentation that arose and echoed from wall to wall. "In the presence of the congregation the church wasŁ then stripped of all the symbols and furnishings of the Roman Catholic faith. While men and women ranŁ  about weeping and crying for mercy Canon Archam-bault was taking the lead in the final act of placing the ban. When he tore the first decorations from the highŁ  altar men and women were prostrate on their knee& protesting and weeping. "Then the host was removed amid the wailing of the people and the chanting of the `miserere.' The canon and his assistants made short work of it. The altars were stripped of every symbol of significance, and the church, save for the walls and seats, was soon bare of anything to suggest its purpose. "The tolling of the bells followed as the parishioners were ordered to vacate the building. They went forth as a sorrowful multitude, and a panic followed at the entrance. Women fell in the aisles, and were carried out through the, side entrances. Men gathered without andŁ.  wept as the doors were locked and the keys taken by Canon Archambault for an indefinite period." To this stateof hysterical helplessness are people reduced who in their ignorance depend on the authority of manŠthe churchŠrather than on the Word and au-thority of God. WHY are 65,000 soldiers of the United States re-quired in the Philippines, and less than 5,000 in Cuba, and why is there war in the one region and peace in the other? There we fix the responsibility.. It is not upon those who have protested always and pointed out the honorable, better. and righteous way. In the one case this Republic wages a war of conquest; in the other we lift up liberty, teach the lessons of self-government, and protect the people in their home rights. In Luzon the hell of war exists; in Cuba there is quiet, and material upbuilding bravely goes on.ŠSpringfield Republican. A Coming Storm. 44, AMERICAN  victory from tenderness of conscience as to the supposed implication of such a prayer that our cause is a just one, and its presumed arrogance. But again, we constantly pray that the Queen may be strengthened to vanquish and overcome all her enemies, and assuredly the compilers of the Prayer-book had no thought of asserting that the Sovereign must always be in the right in a quarrel. The prayer takes the human form of a special petition, for which there are countless spiritual precedents; but behind the prayers there is always the mental reserva-tion that God alone knows the justice of our petition or whether it is for our good that it should be granted." It might be well in the event of such an appointment to consider whether the nation is prepared to recall its troops from South Africa and grant independence to the Boers, if the conviction should be reached that the cause of the Boers is just. From a Christian standpoint, the admission that the nation might be in the wrong, and the consideration of the moral propriety of the war, would be absolutely necessary. But who ever heard of an empire pausing in its course to consider a question of morals? The idea has always been that the empire was in the right, and the seeking of divine aid was not for the purpose of enlightenment, but only to ask the sanction of Heaven upon what the empire was determined to do. A Reminder of the Dark Ages. WE are reminded when we read of such occurrences as the following, that the Dark AgesŠas regards super-stitionŠstill linger on the earth wherever the people are enlightened only by the light of Rome. The people of the parish of St. Ignatius Loyola, in the province of Quebec, had placed over them, by au-thority of the bishop, a church warden to whom they strongly objected. A bitter controversy arose, which culminated in riot and bloodshed at a meeting held in the church to talk over the situation. Hearing of this, Archbishop Bruchesi decided to place the church under the ban, the effectiveness of which proceeding has been amply attested in papal history. The scene which en-sued when this direful sentence was carried into effect is thus described:Š "The ban was inflicted by Canon Archambault, the chancellor of the archiepiscopal palace of Montreal, in the presence of a weeping, hysterical multitude of par-ishioners in the Church of St. Ignace de Loyola. It was read with much pomp and ceremony and the excitement and lamentation following can scarcely be pictured. , "In a voice trembling with anger, Canon Archam-bault said to the parishioners:Š "'You have offended the three tribunals which every Christian should obey,Šthe tribunals of civil authority, of God and of the church. The scandal is terrible. The newspapers are full of it, and soon it will be known in all corners of the earth how Catholics here betray the faith.' "The excitement reached a fever pitch as Canon THE rumblings of a coming storm can be clearly-heard in Colorado. Sunday baseball games are becom-inevery common here, and the main reason assigned by many for this desecration of Sunday is that the Seventh-day Adventists are teaching the people .thatŁ Sunday,is not the Sabbath and is not a sacred day; and therefore this great growing disregard for Sunday sa-credness. They are called in this part of the State espe- 