The above Cut represents a receptacle for S. D. A. literature, now being used by the T. & M. Society in the Union Passenger Station, Columbus, Ohio. Societies or individuals desiring to get important matter before the public who would choose this method and style of box are informed that I am prepared to furnish the boxes and any information concerning same on application. Address, C. L. SHELTON, Columbus, Ohio. DECEMBER 7, 1893. 383 More than this, the speaker was not in ignorance as to who has sought to change the Sabbath. He merely denied the facts of history, presumably not fearing con-tradiction. The fact that the Bible is as silent as the dead in regard to first day observance leads the honest in heart to a skeptical position on Sunday observance, and it is an old time maxim that false theories must be bolstered up by compulsory laws. The speaker appealed to the word of God,Šand asked his congregation to correct him should he speak contrary to it. Yet the position he took was in direct conflict with it. The use of the fourth commandment to sustain a Roman, pagan Sunday is enough to bring the judgments of heaven upon us. Sunday rest, enjoined by Constan-tine, a pagan emperor, upon his pagan subjects in 321, afterwards taken up by the apostate Catholic Church and en-grafted by compulsory law into established usage is in these last days to be, as a "mark of the beast," enforced by apostate Protestantism and will be the sign manual in the right hands or foreheads of all those who love the traditions of Roman ism more than they do the literal word of God. Rev. 13 :11-17. Mr. Day said many truthful things in regard to the apostasy of Protestant churches, but seemed to think Sunday laws were necessary to hold their own members, even some of their ministers, to Christian duties; riding on trains, buying groceries, reading the Sunday newspapers, etc., were denounced in the bitterest terms. Several incidents were related showing why railroad men should have the law to secure them the privilege of becoming Christians, attending church, etc. ; incidents of railroad accidents occur-ring on Sunday which were attributed to violation of the Sabbath law, were also related. Such arguments are folly to the reader of statistics who knows that as many or more accidents occur on other days of the week, proportionately, as on Sunday, and that Seventh-day Adventists and other Sabbatarians will give up good positions, and make heavy sacrifices, for the truth's sake, obeying their sense of right without the aid of law. But false theories must be supported by "our Father which art in the legislature," to which advocates of enforced Sunday ob-servance are no* directing their petitions. The faithful keeper of the command-ments of God, in the face of Mr. Day's lecture, could say with the Apostle Paul, " I am not ashamed of the gospel of Christ, for it is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth." Rom. 1:16. It needs no power of man or legislative act to bring man to Christ or convert him to keep the Sabbath of the Lord when once his heart has been touched with the true spirit of obedience. J. P. HENDERSON. Goodland, Ind. TRUE religion puts men crosswise to the world. A false religion conforms to the world. True religion by its crosswise course creates friction, arouses opposition, exposes itself to the charge of being con-tentious, self - willed and pugnacious. False religion gets a fine reputation for peace by its surrender. It is applauded by the world because it never resists it. ŠChristian Advocate. BIBLE STUDENTS' LIBRARY. WE wish to call especial attention to the above important publication. It is now undergoing thorough revision as rapidly as is consistent with thoroughness and other circumstances. Some of the last numbers issued and about to be issued are as follows:Š Who Changed the Sabbath? No. 107. This is the old title of a new and much better tract. It should be circulated everywhere. It shows by the Scripture who did not change and who would seek to change the day, and it confirms the Scripture testimony by Roman Catholic and Protestant witnesses. Price 3 cents. Life, Its Source and Purpose. No. 108. This is a ten-cent pamphlet by Elder Wm. Covert, on the positive side of the life question. It shows how we may obtain life in Christ Jesus our Lord. The last chapter, and there are nine in the little work, is worth the price of the pamphlet. Price 10 cents. Tormented Forever and Beer; Or God's Test of Immortality, No. 111. This tract of 16 pages treats on the fearful fate of the wicked, as shown by such texts as Rev. 14: 11; 20:10; 19: 3; Matt. 25: 41. 46; Mark 9:43-48, and others, in a new and reasonable light. Read and circulate. Price 2 cents. Spiritualism: Its Source and Character. No. 112. This tract contains all that is worth preserving in Nos. 12 and 13, and more. It is both of these 32-page tracts combined in one 24 page, and is worthy of a wide circulation. Price 3 cents. The Christian Sabbath. FROM A ROMAN CATHOLIC STANDPOINT. No. 113. This is the reprint, by importunate request, of the articles in the Catholic Mirror which have recently ap-peared in the American Sentinel. It shows very conclusively the inconsistency of Protestants in holding to Sunday as a Bible Sabbath, and that while professing to go by the Bible and the Bible alone, they are following the tradition of the Roman Catholic Church. Price 4 cents, The Identical Seventh Day. No. 114. There are three stock objections brought against the Sabbath: (1-) THE ROUND WORLD, (2) THE QUESTION OF LOST TIME, and (3) THE SEVENTH PART OF TIME. These ques-tions have hitherto been considered in three tracts, Nos. 7, 21, and 39, aggregating 61 pp. These three numbers are now discontinued, and these questions are treated clearly in a tract of 16 pages. All essential arguments are given in No. 114, 'Ł The Identical Seventh Day." Price 2 cents. The Waymarks to the Holy City. An Exposition of Daniel 7. No. 115. This is a revision of what was once No. 5. But as it needed revision. and as the former title was to some extent a misnomer, it has been revised and issued under the above number. Price 2 cents. The First Number for Jannary, 1894, is The Sabbath-school Lessons on Luke. No. 116. There will be one year's lessons on this book, and each quarter's lessons should be preserved. Price 5 cents. Prophetic Lights. (January, Extra.) No. 117. This is that most worthy little work written by Elder E. J. Waggoner some years ago. It is just the book for circulation among those who know not the truth. It is finely illustrated, and is issued as a number of the Library at 50 cents. Christ Tempted as We Are. No. 118. By Mrs. E. G. White. This is a most precious, comforting, and strengthening number. Price 2 cents. Order by number. Address, PACIFIC PRESS, Oakland, Cal., or 43 Bond Street, New York. Apples of Gold ENVELOPE SERIES  Library Published monthly. Subscription price, .10 copies of each number for one year, postpaid, $1.00. THIS Library is designed especially for use in daily, personal correspondence. Each number will contain from four to eight pages, of a size con-venient to go into a number six envelope without folding. It is printed on thin super-calendered paper, and two or more numbers can be put in with an ordinary letter without increasing the postage. The leading themes of the gospel will be pre-sented in such a way as to arrest the attention and be helpful to all. These little leaflets should be circulated by the thousands. The numbers now issued bear the following titles : No. 1. Š"Looking unto Jesus." No. 2.Š" The Christian's Privilege." No. 3.ŠŁ` The Sure Promises of God." No. 4.Š" How to Get Knowledge." No. 5.Š" The Church and the World." These will be sent to any address at the rate of 50 cents per hundred, assorted numbers, or $4.00 per thousand, postpaid. Pacific Press Publishing Co., . . . Oakland, Cal. 43 Bond St., New York. BOOKS FOR LITTLE ONES. We are pleased to say to our many friends who have asked us in regard to books for little ones that BIBLE PICTURES AND STORIES, AND ITS COMPANION, Little Folks' Bible Gallery, contain the most perfect and complete outfit of Bible illustrations and stories that we have been able to find. We can recommend them, or either one, to every one desirous of obtaining something good as a gift for a child. Size 7 x 9 inches, 96 pages each; 44 full-page, pictures in one, 45 in the other. Price $1 each, or both together, post-paid, $1.75. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. 12th & Castro Streets, I 48 Bond Street, e Ommsbin, CAL. NEW YORE. '13  PRISON LIGHT agents peTj7where. Good pay. 15e. Trial year. Indorsed by SENTINEL. Particulars free. MYERS,. PRISON LIGHT, Newfane, Vt. 