AMERICAN SENTINEL_ 251 observation that "the forces of this proposed convention and league might better unite with either the National Reform Association or the Christian Citizenship League." And this' is true, as far as concerns its nature; for in spirit and purpose these three organizations are one and the same. ONE of the most mysterious things in the world is the "logic" which upholds the Sunday laws. It may be il-lustrated thus (borrowing from the theology of Sunday observance for the purpose):Š The Sabbath commandment is so indefinite that it does not specify any particular day as the Sabbath. The world being round, it is impossible for a definite day to be observed on it anyway. Hence, you must observe that'particular day of the week known as Sunday. Or, again:Š All the ten commandments have been abolished, in-cluding the command to observe the Sabbath. We believe in full religious liberty. Therefore, you must observe the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, or suffer the pains and penal-ties ot the law. A Product, Not a Discovery, of Ignorance. THE following from the Evangel and Sabbath Out-look, of March 25, exposes the ignorance out of which grew Mr. Gamble's recent "great discovery" concerning the Sabbath. Mr. Gamble says that the translation "first day of the week" occurring in the Authorized and Revised Versions of the English New Testament, is due to the ignorance of the translators; and that it should read "first of the sabbaths,"Šthat is, of the new, or Sunday sabbaths. The Outlook says:Š , "As Mr. Gamble confesses, this bold arraignment of the translators of our English Bible is not original with him. A few others, whose knowledge of Greek seems to consist in obtaining the superficial definition of words from the lexicon without entering into the deeper knowl-edge of the genius of the language, ot the nature of the passages translated, have attempted this method of escaping from the facts in the case. Every Greek scholar will smile at the assurance, born of imperfect knowledge, which Mr. Gamble's announcement of the ignorance of the translators and revisers of the New Testa-ment evinces. The English reader can see the fallacy of this part of the new discovery by noting the following facts:Š "The Hebrews named no day of the week except the Sabbath ; this was both named and numbered. It was so prominent a feature of the week that it was made the starting point from which the other days were num-bered. "Out of this conception grew the idoms which num-bered each day as "First," "Second," "Third," etc., from the Sabbath and in its progress toward the next  Sabbath. This conception carried the idea of ownership of the days by the Sabbaths between which they came and went. This thought and the idiomatic expression growing from it, is yet found in Hebrew references to the days of the week. To aid Mr. Gamble in future discov-eries we refer him to the Hebrew Prayer Book in which the order of the lessons is indicated as we have explained There he will find the Hebrew; Hayom yom rishon bashabbath. "(` This day is' one towards, or of, the Sabbath day) translated in the heading of the lesson so described : ' Psalm for the first day of, the week.' Examples may be found on page 80 of the Prayer Book by Singer, London, and published for use in the United States under the sanction of the late Chief Rabbi Nathan Adler. The Greek writers of the New Testament followed the idea and the idiom of the Hebrew as nearly as the language would permit. Adopting the Greek 'genitive' (possessive), con-struction, they wrote : Mia goon Sabbatoon, which our (careless and ignorant translators, according to Mr. Gamble) render in the exactly equivalent English, ' First day of the week.' Mr. Gamble's discovery is the product of ignorance and not of even ordinary scholar-ship." Mucil comment has been caused in political and busi-ness circles by Senator Chandler's bill, recently intro-duced in Congress, proposing that the Government take possession of the plant of the Bethlehem and Carnegie steel armor "trust," and, operate it until enough armor has been provided for the Government battleships now in process of construction. The occasion of this bill was the refusal of the " trust " to furnish armor to the Gov-ernment except on exorbitant terms. How the spirit ex- emplified in the trusts and that in the proposed remedy as well are working away from that individualism which is the foundation of republican government, is set forth in the following from a leading daily of this city :Š "These trusts delight the true socialist. To him they are gratifying proof that unrestrained individualism is by evolution working toward collectivism. The concen-tration of capital made possible by the improved means of production, communication and transportation, and which results in trusts, the socialist regards as a move-ment altogether desirable. What he wishes for, what he expects,, is that when the business of the country shall come under the control of a few great trusts the Govern-ment will step in and substitute itself for the individuals in enjoyment of the monopolies. Then we, should have the Government as the only capitalist, the only employer, and the cooperative commonwealth, the dream of the socialist, would be realized. `Ł Of course there is nothi  of of which the Rockefellers and Carnegies and Huntingtons disapprove so heartily as socialism. . . . It will strike the millionaires of the trusts and their servitors as grotesque to accuse them of being socialists, yet the'professed socialists recognize in them, if not brothers in purpose, then instrumentalities immensely potent for the breaking down of our competi-tive civilization. " Senator Chandler, also, will be astonished, and vastly amused, too, perhaps, to find himself classed as a socialist. But, whether he knows it or not, he is really fulfilling socialistic prophecy." 