58 TAE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Walter Raleigh land and countries " not actually possessed of any Christian Prince, nor inhabited by Christian people." Thus in the first paragraph of the first govern-mental expression in reference to North Carolina and this Continent is found that old error of the assumption of divine au-thority by human dignities, and by virtue of that authority assuming the right to ignore the principles of universal justice and discriminate against the " heathen and barbarous "- as having no rights which a " Christian" is bound to respect. Under this document it was also granted to Sir Walter Raleigh, to make all necessary laws for the governing of this territory, always excepting that " they be not against the true Christian faith, now professed in the Church of England." Although under this grant no permanent settlement was made, it fixes the precedent and marks the spirit which inspired the adventurers who came to possess the land, and those from whom they claimed to derive their author-ity. The grant to Sir Robert Heath, in 1630, by Charles I., was similar in charac-ter, as is also the Charter of Carolina, given in 1663 by Charles IL, wherein he-grants to several of his courtiers who are " excited with a laudable and pious zeal for the propagation of the Christian faith" that certain country " only inhabited by some barbarous people, who have no knowl-edge of Almighty God." And that he may, in a still greater degree, further the pious purposes of these noble adventurers he grants to them, also, "the patronage and advowsons of all the churches and chapels, which, as Christian religion shall increase within the country, isles, islets and limits aforesaid, shall happen here-after to be erected, together with license and power to build and found churches, chapels, and oratories, in convenient and fit places, within the said bounds and limits, and to cause them to be dedicated and consecrated according to the ecclesias-tical laws of our kingdom of England, to-gether with all and singular the like, and as ample rights, jurisdictions, privileges, prerogatives, royalties, liberties, immuni-ties and franchises, of what kind soever, within the countries, isles islets, and limits aforesaid. To have, use, exercise and enjoy, and in as ample manner as any bishop of Durham, in our kingdom of England, ever heretofore have held," etc. This charter contains also a toleration clause graciously yielding " indulgencies and dispensations" to dissenters from the doctrines and formalities of the established church but couched in such language as to show conclusively that such an unwelcome element could be but barely " tolerated " and that such could not expect to at and upon an equal civil footing with those who con-formed to the established ecclesiasticism. The unbeliever and the heathen are ignored entirely as not necessarily having any civil rights whatever. The char* 9f 1,665, granted again by  Charles II., to other of his courtiers em-bodies the same principles in words quite similar. In 1669 the so called "Funda-mental Constitutions," were framed by John Locke (author of the essay on: the human understanding), and adopted for the time as the lavi of Carolina. This, Constitution contains fifteen sections de- voted to the regulation of religion and religious questions in Carolina, beginning with this :Š No man shall be permitted to be, a freeman of Carolina, or to have any estate or habitation within it, that doth not acknowledge a God ; and that God is publicly and solemnly to be worshipped. As the country comes to be sufficiently planted and distributed into fit divisions, it shall belong to the Parliament to take care for the building of churches, and the public maintenance of divines, to be employed in the exercise of religion according to the Church of England ; which being the only true and orthodox, and the national religion of all the king's dominions, is so also of Carolina; and, therefore, it alone shall be allowed to receive public maintenance, by grant of Parliament. After laying down the rules and regula-tions of admittance to church communion, and defining the terms of profession which should constitute a church, under a tolera-tion clause, the following broadly stated conditions of outlawry are laid down:Š No person above seventeen years of age shall have any benefit or protection of the law, or be capable of any place of profit or honor, who is not a mem-ber of some church or profession, having his name recorded in some one, and but one, religious record at once. The next step in the governmental prog-ress of Carolina was the Mecklenburgh Resolutions of independence in 1775, and the Constitution of 1776, but the code of civil practice developed under such regu-lations as these, which have been quoted, was retained in spirit, and in some cases to the letter, although directly opposed to the principle of universal equity, which, with the Declaration of Independence and adoption of the Constitution of the United States, became the fundamental law of the land. Although in 1790 Carolina ceded to the United States the Territory of Tennessee, yet it retained its heritage of religious stat-utes passed under Church and State rule, and applied in the cases of King, and Parker, and others quoted, the statute, contrary to,  which the indictment charges that the of-fense of the accused was committed, which is to be found in the act of 1741 enacted by His Excellency Gabriel Johnson Esq. Gov-ernorŠand after the Revolution retained among the Statutes of North Carolina and incorporated in the laws of Tennessee. In this statute it is asserted that " in well regulated governments effectual care is always taken that the day set apart for public worship be observed and kept holy, all and every person or persons whatso-ever shall, on the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday, carefully apply themselves to the duties of religion and piety," etc., therefore all labor, hunting etc., is pro-hibited on that day. In 1803?  after Tennessee was 4draitted  to statehood, the legislature passed "an act more effectually to prevent the profanation of the Lord's day, commonly called Sab-bath." This act was not different from its predecessor, except in the omission of some compromising verbiage and the ad-dition of a clause intended to effectuate the intent of the act, in that one half the fine levied upon the culprit should go to the informer bringing the action. These statutes are to be found in the laws of Tennessee, Scotts edition, Vol. 1, p. 55, and p. 795. This marks clearly the line of inherit-ance by which Tennessee comes into pos-session of her religious laws. The history of their derivation is at hand, and the documentary evidence is sure and unim- peachable. W. H. M. The Kingdom of Christ. As THE SENTINEL has repeatedly shown, the error of the National Reform theory is due to a misapprehension of the teach-ing of the Scriptures of truth concerning the kingdom of Christ. But there should be no confusion or misapprehension upon this point, for the Scriptures are very plain upon the subject. The Scriptures speak of two thrones, and consequently of two kingdoms (for a throne necessarily implies a kingdom), namely, the throne of grace and the throne of glory. Says the apostle : " Let us there-fore come boldly unto the throne of grace, that we may obtain mercy and find grace to help in time of need." Heb. 4 :16. This throne of grace is the throne from which grace, or favor is dispensed. Says the Scriptures : " Now of the things which we have spoken this is the sum: We have such a high priest, who is set on the right hand of the throne of the Majesty in the heavens. Heb. 8 : 1. Christ is now a priest-king, not upon his own, but upon his Father's throne. He himself makes a clear distinction be-tween the throne he now occupies and that which he will one day take. He says : " To him that overcometh will I grant to sit with me in my throne, even as I also overcame and am set down with my Father in his throne." Rev. 3: 21. Christ also tells when he will take this throne ; it is " when the son of man shall come in his glory, and all the holy angels with him, then shall he sit upon the throne of his glory." Matt. 25 : 31. The kingdom of grace, over which Christ now reighs, and the kingdom of glory, which according to the word of God is still future, are of course very closely related. The purpose of the king-dom of grace is to prepare subjects for the kingdom of glory. There is, however, this important difference, that while the king-dom of grace is temporary, spanning only time from the fall of man to the close of human probation, the kingdom of glory is coincident with the future eternity. The 