302 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. can the. churches of our land call it per-secution, for the majority of them have rejoiced in the judicial decision herein cited; and, according to that, those mis-sionaries were certainly guilty of scandal-izing the author of the Turkish religion, and so were guilty of " a gross violation of the decency and good order " of the community in which they lived. This is not written in defense of those outrages, for the writer has the most hearty sympathy for those earnest, godly missionaries who have taken their lives in their hands to carry the glad tidings to those who sit in darkness. But he has just as much respect, and no more, for Church and State in Turkey as in the United States of America. If it is right for a civil court in the United States to declare what is the true religion and what the false, it is right for the Turkish Gov-ernment to make a like decision for Tur-key. If it is " a gross violation of de-cency and good order" in the United States to scandalize the author of the national religion of the United States, then it is a gross violation of decency and good order to so revile tho author of the Turkish religion in Turkey. If we are not bound to punish attacks upon Ma-hometanism in a Christian nation, they are not bound to punish attacks upon Christianity in a Mahometan nation. The principle is that the majority have a right to declare that the religion of the minor-ity is heretical, and that is a part and parcel 'of the mystery of iniquity that fostered the Inquisition in Europe during the Dark Ages, and expects some day to bring to an endŠby the same means, of courseŠreligious liberty in the United States of America. J. 0. BEARD. They Are Right Who Obey God. Ł A GENTLEMAN in Nebraska sends us the following, evidently for publication :Š wmon IS IT ? WITH respect to what are called denominations of religion, if every one is left free to judge of his own religion, there is no such a thing as a religion that is wrong. But if they are to judge of each other's religion, there is no such a thing as a reli-gion that is right. These principles being admitted, it will follow as a matter of fact all the world is right or all, the world is wrong. Which is it? J. L. WAGNER. Waco, Neb. But " these principles " will not be ad-mitted by any one who gives the matter serious thought. Man is a moral being, and consequently has a moral responsibil-ity. So far as his fellow man is concerned, every man is the judge of his own reli-gion; but this instead of militating in the least degree against his accountability to God for the choice which he makes in re-ligion, ,'only emphasizes it; for being ab-solutely free to choose the right he is the more responsible for choosing the wrong. Those who choose the service of God, ordered according to his revealed will, are right. All others are wrong. But they are accountable only to God for being wrong. Man is not the judge of his fel-low man in religious things. What Constitutes a Molestation? THE following quotation from the Ash-ley (Mich.) News shows how easily people may be disturbed in an enlightened land :Š A number of the good citizens of Bannister, Mich., who have been molested for the past two months with he Seventh-day Adventists' doctrine, and es- pecially the Jewish Sabbath, felt it their duty to send for help, etc. They, of course, need help; but what has caused this " molestation" ? Simply this. Two young men came there with a tent and invited the people to investigate the teachings of the Bible, and many re-sponded to the invitation. The respective merits of the so-called "Jewish Sabbath" and the "American Sabbath" received its share of attention, and a number decided in favor of the Bible Sabbath. This so disturbed some that they attempted to re-move the tent and drive the "impostors" from town, thus demonstrating the fact that the spirit of persecution is at the bot-tom of the whole thing, and is only waiting for a chance to use the strong arm of the law in defense of religious bigotry. W. G. KNEELAND. Note This and Pass It Around. IN a recent speech, in Topeka, Kan., Rev. W. F. Crafts, said: "The Christian people of this land can have what they will of their legislatures if they will only ask for it; "and, " The legislators are but the servants of the people, and when the people demand laws their servants must enact them: so if we want Sunday laws, all we have to do is to ask for them." He doubtless was encouraged to make this statement by the action of Congress in its last session, passing the bill requir-ing that the World's Fair be closed on Sunday at the imperious demand of the churches. In all the life and teachings of the Man of Nazareth, we find nothing to indicate that it would ever be right for his follow-ers to " demand " that laws be made in favor of the Christian religion. Is it pos-sible that any man who has read the his-tory of those long, dark ages of religious persecution, when it was possible for so-called Christians to secure by their " de-mand" whatever laws they desired, would ask that the same scenes be enacted over again in the nineteenth century ? In it-self alone there is power in dhristianity to lead men to Christ; ,but when it is coupled with civil law, it ceases to be Christianity, and has no power for real good. A. 0. TAIT. OF the saving clause, " Except works of necessity and mercy," usually found in Sunday laws, the Baptist Examiner says: There has been of late a notable expansion of men's ideas of what constitute works of necessity and mercy. Great cities and modern conditions of living have made some things necessary that were not so formerly. In a rural community families may easily provide themselves with food ,before-hand, and can ride to church in their own car-riages. It would be a cruelty to the poor in our cities, unable to buy ice or provide proper storage, to forbid them to buy food early Sunday mornings, especially milk, and if any but the rich ride to church it must be in public cars. This paragraph is worthy of more than passing notice, because while it is seem-ingly very liberal, it is in fact extremely narrow. The idea of the writer clearly is to restrict all travel on Sunday to church going. It is for that purpose that the cars must run; that is the " necessity " which exists for public conveyances upon the first day of theŁweek. People may be permitted in mercy to buy food on Sun-day to prevent them from starving; from " necessity " to ride to church.. The poor man who wants to go elsewhere may pos-sibly be permitted to walk, provided he does it reverently. NATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. THE Grand Jury at Fort Worth, Texas, has in-structed the officials in regard to the Sunday law, and as a consequence it is being rigidly enforced, at that place. A CORRESPONDENT from New Port, Benton Co., Oreg., reports that the Sunday law has lately been enforced at that place, closing all places of busi-ness on Sunday, with the exception of hotels and restaurants. IT is reported that the Supreme Court of North Carolina will not sit hereafter on Mondays,. The purpose of this regulation is that the lawyers may not travel on Sundays to be present at the call of, their cases on Monday. THE Congregational Church at Antigo, Wis., recently passed some resolutions calling on the mayor of the town to stop the violation of the Sunday laws there. The pastor of the church and the editor of the local paper have indulged in a little discussion over the merits of such resolu-tions, and the editor seems to be ahead in the argu-. ment. AT Chicago the Trades and Labor Assembly has, by a vote of 119 to 40, declined the invitation of the World's Fair directors to take part in the parade during the dedication exercises next month. Sev-eral hot speeches were made for and against the acceptance of the invitation. It was finally de-clined on 'the ground that workingmen could not indorse the Fair as long as its gates were closed on Sunday. THIS department acknowledges with much satis-' faction the receipt of marked copies of newspapers containing local matter in reference to the enforce-ment of religious laws in different parts of the country. All matter of this description together with accounts of public meetings held to favor or' oppose religious legislation, as well as newspaper discussions of the question, and the utterances from the pulpit in regard to it, are of much interest and value, and gladly received. A CORRESPONDENT, from Selma, Cal., details an interesting conversation with a' chance acquaint-ance, who proved to be 'a Roman Catholic in be lief, upon the union of Church and State now so evident in legal and legislative proceedings. At the close of the conversation the Roman Catholic said, " Well, I will not pretend to say how it Łwill be done, but our priests tell us that the Govern-ment of the United States will soon be in the hands of, the Catholic Church, for nearly all the higher courts are controlled by them now; and I guess they know pretty well what they are talking about." Such instances as this have their signifi-cance. " THE Rev. W, W. Boyd, Pastor of the Peddie Memorial Baptist Church, of Newark, N. J. ,"says the New York Sun, " has resigned from the Law and Order League of that city. It is said that the league is on the verge of disruption. A year 'ago the league brought Captain Wishart, from Pitts-burg, Pa., to assume the office of general director of its affairs. Great things were'exPected of the Captain. When he arrived he visited the different churches and told the spellbound congregations how he had redeemed Pittsburg from the lowest' depths of vice,' The Captain and the leagte laid elaborate plans for the rtdemption of Newark. Sunday was to be made a day of puritanical sever-ity. Somehow their plans went astray. There was any amount of speech making and planning; but the Sunday'beer gardens and Sunday sacred con-certs went on without hindrance, and saloon keep-' ers laughed at Captain Wishart: The Rev. W. Wr 