606 AMERICAN SENTINEL. edict permitting the children of Stundists to remain in national schools only on condition of their attending re-ligious instruction regularly and taking part in the reli-gious exercises prescribed for the orthodox scholars. * * WISCONSIN REPUBLICANS have put into their State platform the following:Š "We believe in perfect liberty of conscience, nonŁsecta-rianism in public affairs, separation of church and state, in free schools, and the utmost independence of individ-ual thought, speech, and action consistent with law and the rights of others." According to this, Republican government in Wiscon-sin will be very nearly the perfection of human govern-ment, provided the party belief is carried into effect. But it is a mistake to think that human liberty should be limited by law in addition to "the rights of others." Any restrictions upon liberty which are not demanded by regard for human rights, are neither necessary nor just. "War's Over: Good Times Now, If." NOTWITHSTANDING the sensationalism of the New York JournalŠ"An American paper for American peo-ple "Šit has some admirable traits. To help bring about good times it is doing its best to bring employers and laborers together. One method it is following is to advertise, without charge, "Helps and Situations Wanted." This is commendable. It is certainly right that one should do all in his power to make things better. "Live and let live" should be the motto of all. But for all that, are the good times of which the Journal speaks so glowingly and confidently, before us ? Granting that "war is over," there is a big little word which the Jour-nal is compelled to use. That word is " If." Doubtless the Journal knows a great deal; but un-questionably Providence knows a great deal more. Instead of the good times which the Journal antici-pates over and beyond its big "If" at the heading of its columns, the "sure word " of God has shown otherwise. If that Word is any criterion, instead of employers and laborers coming together, the breach between them will widen more and more. For thus " saith the Lord:" "Go to now ye rich men, weep and howl for your miseries that shall come upon you. Your riches are corrupted, and your gaiments are motheaten. Your gold and your silver is cankered; and the rust of them shall be a witness against you, and shall eat your flesh as it were fire. Ye have heaped treasure together for the last days. Behold the hire of the laborers who have reaped down your fields, which is of you kept back by fraud, crieth; and the cries of them which have reaped have entered into the ears of the Lord of Sabaoth. Ye have lived in pleas- ure on the earth, and been wanton; ye have nourished your hearts as in a day of slaughter." James 5 :1-5. We are not pessimistic from choice in this matter, and would not appear to throw cold water on the Journal's efforts to better the condition of things. But over and beyond its big "If," the Journal, from its general tone in the past as well as the present, expects a future for the United States more glorious than anything they have ever experienced. And herein lies the danger. And because of this we write. The Journal may not believe it, but it is true nevertheless, that the present financial situationŠthe great "gulf "Šas impassable as that which separated Dives and LazarusŠbetween the capitalist and the laborer will not, cannot, be crossed. And the only good times for which one can consist-ently look, are those which are to be ushered in at the coming of the Lord. He who looks for anything else will be grieviously, irretrievably disappointed. U. H. K. Diet as a Cause of Suicide. "Literary Digest." WHILE the moralists have been discussing the ques-tion whether a man has a right to commit suicide, the scientists have been considering the question, Why do men commit suicide? A Dr. Haig, who has been looking into the subject, and telling a Scotch audience his con- clusions, finds the cause of suicide to be uric acid in the blood, and the reason for this is found in a bad diet, and especially meats, beer, tea, and tobacco. The Hospital speaks as follows of Dr. Ilaig's researches:Š "Dr. Haig is of opinion that suicide may be traced to error in diet, the error being the eating of meat, the drinking of beer and of tea, and the smoking of tobacco. His facts all fall comfortably into their places in support of his hypothesis. Are there not more suicides among men than among women, and do not men consume more meat, more beer, and more tobacco than the women? Again, suicide is more common in England than in Scot-land, not apparently because the Scotch are a more canny race, but, because the English eat more meat and drink more beer, while the Scotch eat less meat and drink whiskey instead of beer. After maintaining that suicide was less common among the Scotch, it was perhaps hardly polite, when addressing a Scotch audience, to go on to say that suicide increased with civilization. But the fact was explained on the ground of the more injuri-ous diet, that of civilized man being more productive of uric acid and thus of suicide, than thal which prevails where civilization is less advanced. Uric acid is, in fact, at the bottom of all this, and, according to Dr. Haig, the incidence of suicide tallies with the daily, annual, and life fluctuations of uric acid in the blood, being common-est when uric, acid is most abundant, namely, in the mornings, in spring and summer, and in childhood and the full prime of life. "We have no doubt that errors of diet are responsi-ble for much, and, among other things, for a certain number of suicides; nay, we would go farther and admit 