THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 301 the Holy Roman Empire set itself against God. Every State and every empire sets itself against God when it makes itself the champion of the church, and undertakes to build up the church; and the church sets itself against God whenever it consents to be partaker of any such offices on the part of the State. And when a State and the church thus unitedly set themselves against God, there is produced that which at the first made the mystery of iniquity, and that which ever since has been carrying out, the spirit of the mystery of iniquity. And when the United States falls into this wicked condition, the same wicked spirit will show itself, and the same wicked works will be the result, as in all the cases before it. A. T. J. The World's Sunday-School-Conven-' Ł tion. True following report of the "World's Sunday-school Convention" we clip from the Signs of the Tinies.' It contains,  several points worthy to be remembered : Our interest was especially called to this convention, as it was the lot of our party to cross the Atlantic in the steamer which contained the greater part of the American delegates. In all there were on board some three hundred, of whom sixty were ministers. One of the most striking things about this company was the amount of tobacco smoke they produced, and it proved a real annoyance to some. Many times when some sick woman was helped on deck for a little fresh air, one of these "Rev." gentlemen sit-ting near would calmly light his cigar and pro-ceed to smoke her below again. Only those who have passed through the ordeal of seasickness can appreciate the effect that tobacco smoke has on a thus weakened stomach. But these "gentlemen" were only a type of thousands, and the incident only goes to prove how inconsiderate for the feel-ings of others the tobacco habit makes men. We also saw the rather novel sight of a man presiding at a religious meeting with a cigar in his mouth, The convention did not attract very much out-side attention in London. The Church of En-gland took no part whatever in the proceedings, but regarded it with haughty indifference. For the most part, the time was taken up with re-ports from different parts of the world. In many was heard the clamorings for a more strict Sunday observance. In the address of welcome, Lord Kinnaird, president of the Sunday-school Union, called especial attention to the encroachments made upon Sunday, and he called on all present to rally round and upbuild that institution. Count Bernstorff, of Germany, said that the Sunday-school was working out many great prin-ciples, but the greatest of all was the principle of SundaY:*.  He hoped that England and America would unitedly continue to defend it. They (in Germany) wanted to have a Sunday (great ap-plauSe tnd cheering), and it was the Sunday-school work which taught the children from a very early age to love the Sunday. He also told how they had prevailed on the present emperor to express a wish that no races should be held on that In consequence, last, winter and spring all such amusements were held on week days. 'Dr,. Withrow, of Canada, told about a city in which "not a street-ear wheel turned on the Sabbath-day.  [Sunday]; not a drinking-house was die also stated, that the government of  Ontario paid for the cab hire of Sunday-school teachers to go to their work on Sunday. At one meeting, Dr. John Hall, of New York, brought up a resolution of the Executive Com-mittee, consisting of a memorial to be presented to all the crowned heads of Europe, setting forth the views of the convention as to the importance of the better observance of the "Lord's day." It reads as follows :-- " That the delegates to the World's Sunday-school Convention now assembled in London, and representing many Christian lands, and many millions who are interested in Sunday-school work, feel constrained by love to God and regard for our fellow-men, most respectfully do present this memorial to your Majesty. We have ample evidence that Sabbath-school work has made multitudes intelligent, self-respecting, dilibent in duty, and faithful to obligations, be-cause the Scriptures teach them to fear God and to honor constituted authority. We have also brought to us the evidence that this beneficient work is particularly difficult in many lands by the practical disregard of the divinely ordered day of rest. Moved by these considerations, we, with one accord, by our officers, earnestly petition your Majesty that, by your personal influence and by the constitutional power in your Majesty's hands, you will secure for the day of weekly rest the place given it in that decalogue which all Christian lands recognize, and for the good of the people, and for the glory of God, promote its rec-ognition as a delight, holy of the Lord, and hon-orable. In bringing to the consideration of your Majesty this important matter, we do not forget that in the land we represent, the holy day is often degraded and ignored. These evils we deeply deplore, and in our places earnestly op-pose, and we feel assured that action in the di-rection of Sabbath observance on the part of your Majesty and the nation over which, in the providence of the Almighty God, you are placed, would tend to strengthen a sentiment, national and international, in favor of the reverent use of the seventh day, on which our Creator rested, for an example to man, and which is linked through-out Christendom with the rising from the dead of our blessed Lord and Saviour." The memorial was cordially agreed to. Thus we see that the Sunday movement is not confined to the United States, but is worldwide. A Civil Sunday Holiday. THE Rev. D. Atkins, writing of the American Sabbath Union, in the Pacific Methodist, and of its efforts to secure a law forbidding Sunday traffic in the government's mail and military serv-ice and in interstate commerce, says :Š " This is a timely movement, one which will meet the approval of the entire Christian Church, and all lovers of law and order. There are some who will oppose it on the ground that the State should not in-terfere with the conscience of its subjects. But we must not ignore the fact that the Sabbath is a civil in-stitution as well as a religious. While no one could wish Congress to enact laws enforcing practices of re-ligion upon unwilling consciences, yet even religious services ought to be protected, and all men who de-sire to worship ought to be protected by law in per-forming their peculiar and chosen rites. As a civil institution the Sabbath may be enforced by law. Congress has declared certain days to be holidays, and no one complains that personal liberty has been infringed. If three or four days of the year can be thus distinguished by Congress, what is there to pre-vent so distinguishing one day in seven, if it seem proper to do so?" This is a fair specimen of the way in which  those arguing for a Sunday law mislead the peo-ple as to the real purpose of the law. It may be that it is not intentional, because we are sure that many of these who are working for the law do not really know what they want or why they want it ; but it is too bad that on so vital a ques-tion as this the people should be kept in the dark as to its true nature. The statement that the Sabbath is a civil as well as a religious institution is very common; but we never yet knew anyone to take the time to attempt to prove the statement. Let us exam-ine it for a moment. The leaders in the Sunday-law movement themselves declare that the sole authority for the Sabbath is the fourth command-ment. Rev. Herrick Johnson says that the an-chorage of the Sabbath is in the fact that it is a divine institution. Colonel Shepard says: "We do not rest this work on mere human reasoning; we rest it wholly and directly on the divine com-mandment." Rev. J. H. Knowles, editor of the Pearl of Days, says : "It will become more and more apparent that the real defenders of the day are those who regard it as divine, not merely a human institution." And we heard Colonel Shepard say in one of his speeches, that " it is useless for any-one to claim that the Sabbath has any rights ex-cept as they plant themselves on the divine com-mandment." With these statements we most heartily agree; but how do they agree with the statement that the Sabbath is a civil as well as a religious in-stitution? What is a civil institution? A civil institution is one which originates among the citizens of the State. But how about the fourth commandment, upon which alone it is claimed rightly that the Sabbath rests? God gave it .himself. Moses, after repeating the command-ment to the children of Israel, said : "These words the Lord spake unto all your assembly in the mount, out of the midst of the fire, of the cloud, and of the thick darkness, with a great voice: and he added no more. And he wrote them on two tables of stone." Deut. 5 : 22. Again he said to the people: "The Lord spake to you out of the midst of the fire ; ye heard the voice of the words, but saw no similitude; only ye heard a voice. And he declared unto you his' covenant, which he commanded you to perform, even ten commandments, and he wrote them upon two tables of stone." Dent. 4 :12, 13. When the law was delivered from Mount Sinai God came down with ten thousands of his holy ones. Dent. 33: 2. The angels of Heaven were there, but no man was there. The people were forbidden to draw near the mount under penalty of death ; but there was little danger of their drawing near, for the terror of the scene caused them to stand afar off', and even Moses said, "I exceedingly fear and quake." Man had nothing- whatever to do with the enactment of the Sabbath commandment. Still further, the Lord declares that the Sabbath was given solely that the people might know that he is the God who sanctifies them (Eze. 20 : 20), and he declares the proper keeping of the Sabbath to be the highest act of worship,- for he says that those who turn away their foot from it and do nc,t do their own pleasure on it shall delight themselves in him: Isa. 58: 13, 14. There is nothing of a human element in the commandment. It is religious and wholly religious. It is true that it has been made a civil institu tion in some of the States, but in so doing the States did something that they had neither the 