252 THE AMERICAN" SF.,NrrINti. tion the Jew and the Gentile, the Chris-tian and Mohammedan, the Hindoo, and infidel, of every denomination." See " WOrks of Thomas Jefferson," volume I, page 45. This uniformity of statement from the three great " fathers " of AmericaŠthe father of the Declaration of Independence, the father of the Constitution, and the father of his countryŠis conclusive evi-dence that Christianity is not, nor was it ever intended to be, in any sense, the re-cognized religion of America; but that every man of whatever belief was to be on an absolute equality in the eyes of the American Government. Any other view is diametrically opposed to the American political system; and any effort to reinstate enforced religious ob-servances (whether they be the weekly Sabbath or other Church dogmas) into our governmental policy is directly opposed to the efforts on that question made by Washington, Jefferson, and Madison. W. A. BLAKELY. Ł -4- Some Boycotts. AT the annual meeting of the Amer-ican Sabbath Union at Ocean Grove, July V, the World's Columbian Commission was memorialized as follows : The American Sabbath Union and affiliating Sabbath associations in convention assembled in Ocean Grove, New Jersey, July 27, 1891, respect-fully present the following memorial: " We do most earnestly protest against the open-ing of the World's Columbian Exposition at Chi-cago, in 1893, on the Lord's day, in the name of the Sabbath keeping people of the United States. We do this in the interest of public morals; in harmony with the convictions, memorials and re-monstrances of many millions of our fellow-coun-trymen, and in obedience to the letter and the spirit of the laws of the land, which protect the rights of all classes of our population to the enjoy-ment of their weekly rest day. " With supreme regard to the divine authority and perpetual obligation of the fourth command-ment of the Decalogue and of all the statutes and ordinances, promises and threatenings, of the Word of God that guard the institution of the Sabbath for the benefit of individuals, commu-nities and nations, we entreat the Local Directory and the National Commissioners not to alienate great multitudes of the Christian people of the United States who would gladly sustain the Expo-sition by their presence and patronage, which will certainly be withheld if their convictions on this subject are ignored and overridden. " We also appeal to the Local Directory and the National Commission not to subordinate the high moral and religious considerations which should decide this question to the financial needs of the treasury. No amount of Sunday gate money can compensate this country for the loss of our na-tional character and moral prestige that will fol-low the continuous desecration of the Lord's day during the half year of the Exposition. " For these as well as other reasons that might be added we .pray the authorities that have this matter in charge to settle this question without needless delay, and for the observance of the Sab-bath rest throughout the great international Expo-sition." Although this is couched in the form of a memorial it will be seen that the pith of the whole resolution is contained in the  threat that the presence and patronage of great multitudes of the Christian people of the United States will certainly be withheld if their convictions on this sub-ject are ignored. This is a boycott. In commenting upon these resolutions Sam Small said in that inimitable way so peculiar to himself that he had " discussed this question with four Congressmen from Georgia and they will stand and rot on their feet before they will vote any more money from Congress until this question of Sunday closing is settled." This is the financial boycott to which Sam Small pledges the Congress-men from his State. He also pledged himself, on pain of being " run off the Ocean Grove camp ground " if he failed, that the next Geor-gia Legislature would " instruct their dele-gation to declare Georgia out of the Ex-position unless it is closed on Sunday." This is Sam Small's legislative boycott. Further, referring to the decision of the Sunday-closing question being left to the Local Directory, composed entirely of cit-izens of the city of Chicago;  he std, Leave this question to be decided by those dirty rascals in Chicago and there isn't a yellow dog in Georgia that would go to the Exposition This is Sam Small's boycott for th e whole State of Georgia. No one could possibly have expected, when the boycott was first introduced in this country as a persuasive measure in the settlement of differences of opinion between capital and labor, that it was destined, in the hands of the American Sabbath Union, to become one of the greatest missionary forces of the age, possibly one of the chief factors in converting this Nation to a National Reform Christianity. But, as a stream can rise no higher than its source, the efforts of the " boycott " as an evangelist will result in conversion to the unrighteousness of Mammon rather than the righteousness of God. W. H. M. A Timely Criticism. REV. MINOT J. SAVAGE, in the Boston Arena for August, criticises a paper which appeared in the July number of that mag-azine, written by Rev. Francis Bellamy, in which were advanced ideas favoring paternalism in government,: In the course of his criticisms, Mr. Savage says Whatever may be in the future, when men get to be something different from what they are, so far in the history of the world it has been true that all kinds of governments have oppressed the indi-vidual. And, so far, the only safety of the individ-ual has been such guarantees of personal rights and liberties as have limited the governmental power. And until some one can give the world assurance that-human nature is to be transformed, it will be just as well to maintain the guarantees, instead of putting still more power into the hands of the GovernmentŠwhether it be called one thing or another. While even one wolf is abroad, the wise shepherd will not get rid of his dog. Further along he says:Š The plain fact of the matter is, that all the per- secutions of the past have grown out of just this idea, which Mr. Bellamy endorses, that an "intel-ligent public opinion " has the right to tell certain individuals what they shall believe and teach. And a// the growth of human civilization thus far has been in the direction of the rise of the individual as over against the claim of the majority to con-trol. And there is no safety for the individual; and no sure and swift promise of human advance, until " intelligent public opinion " is taught to mind its own business. These are timely and well-cleselived crit-icisms. In view of the fact that there are associations in the land organized for what, in the end, can be no other than the destruction of the safeguards of civil and religious liberty found in our national Constitution, every lover of such liberty may well not only plead for the mainte,  nance of the guarantees to such liberty, but that these guarantees shall be cher-ished and respected, Toronto, the Ekainijle of Sunday Quiet TORONTO has often been cited as an illustrious example of a city where the Sunday laws *ere strictly enforced. Again and again has the picture been drawn, telling of the bliss of living in such a city. But a great change has just come over the " Sabbath hush " of that place. Certain ones have been using Queen's Park as a place for giving expression to some thoughts, very abusive and offensive to some of the religious customs and beliefs of her Majesty's subjects. Accordingly the City Council passed an ordinance for-bidding such speeches in any of the parks or public squares of the city, and limited its application to Sunday. Sunday, July 26, was the first day to try its workings. The Toronto Mail says that about sixty thousand people visited the park during the day to see how the law would work. In an editorial it says :Š The excited, and. in some instances, disorderly crowd, which assembled in Queen's Park yesterday was probably more the result of a widespread curi-osity as to what would be the outcome of the re-cently passed park by-law, than of concerted action. It may be taken therefore as a spontaneous expres-sion of public opinion of a very deep and determined character against the regulations in question. It is deeply to be regretted that it degenerated into vio-lence, and the contemning of law and order. . . The proceedings yesterday appear to have been of a sufficiently turbulent character to justify the reading of the Riot Act. They comprised vari-ous assaults upon persons, the hooting of the Chief Magistrate out of the park, and the tearing down-of the placards containing the regulations of the obnoxious by-law. The foregoing sentences would lead any one to think that Sunday laws had not raised Toronto above the average city. And when a by-law is passed that crosses the track of the "masses" in Toronto they raise a mob and howl about it, very much the same as they do in Chicago, New Yo'rk, or any other large city. But the strangest part of it all is that such a thing could happen in Toronto on Sunday, and that, too, over a Sunday by-law. It might be supposed from what has been heard 