  ..IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT: FOR I CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAYE THE WORLD."   Vol. 11, No. 3B NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 3, 1896. Price, Three Cents.     American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEK I. Y BY THE , PUCIFIC PH DS PUBLISHING coNron, 39 BOND STREET, NEW Yona CITY EDITOR,  C. P. BOLLMAN. ASST. EDITOR, - L. A. SMITH. THE "CHRISTIAN CITIZEN." Tun term "Christian citizen" is one fre-quently used nowadays, but is, we fear, only imperfectly understood. This is not saying, however, that the designa-. tion is an improper one, or that it describes something that cannot exist. That a man can be at once a Chris-tian and a citizen is evi-dent from the fact that the Apostle Paul was such; he was both a citizen and a Christian. We name these things in their order; for the apostle was first a citizen in point of time, and subse-quently became a Christian; but did not thereby either forfeit or renounce his citi-zenship, for we find him twenty-five years after his conversion declaring himself " a citizen of no mean city" (Acts 21: 39), and claiming his legal rights as a Roman (Acts 22 : 25) ; and still later, by several days at least, we find him exercising the Ro-man citizen's right of appeal to the emperor himself. Acts 25 : 10, 11. The Apostle Paul was, then, a Christian citizen of the Ro-man empire, and that of a time when Rome itself was wholly pagan. Ł Silas also a Roman Citizen. Nor was this the first time that the apostle availed himself of the privileges of Roman citizenship; neither was he alone in it. From Acts 16 we learn that when arrested, whipped and imprisoned at Philippi, Paul and his companion, Silas, refused to be secretly re-leased, but sent word to the magistrates, say ing, " They have beaten us openly uncon- .demned, being Romans, and have cast us into prison; and now do they thrust us out privily? nay verily; but let them come themselves and fetch us out." Referring to this circumstance another has well said :Š Paul and Silas felt that to maintain the dignity of Christ's Church they must not submit to the illegal course proposed by the Roman magistrates. The apos-tles were Roman citizens, and it was unlawful to scourge a Roman save for the most flagrant crime, or to deprive him of his liberty without fair trial and condemnation. They had been publicly thrust into prison, and now refused to be privately released with-out proper acknowledgments on the part of the mag-istrates.  Paul Before Festus : He Appeals Unto Caesar. It may be that when Paul described himself as " a citizen of no mean city," he meant no more than that he was a native of Tarsus, and regarded that as his home; but no such ex-planation can avail to weaken the force of the apostle's assertion that he was a Roman. In this he as clearly claimed citizenship in an earthly government as does the American, who, going abroad, carries with him a pass- "Redemption: or the Teachings of Paul," by Mrs. E. G. Whitl, page 42. port from the Secretary of State at Washing-ton; and who, upon occasion, claims his rights as an American citizen. All of which, in the absence of evidence to the contrary, shows that citizenship in a civil government, and a legitimate exercise of the rights thereof, are not inconsistent with Christianity, nor with the fact that the Christian's citizenship is in heaven (Phil. 3 : 20, R. V.), and that he is a stranger and pilgrim upon the earth seeking a city whose builder and maker is God. The Sphere of Civil Authority. Civil authority is ordained of God for the preservation of hu-man rights. "We hold these truths to be self-evi-dent," declared our fore-fathers, " that all men are created equal; thitt they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness; that to secure these rights gov-ernments are instituted among men." The same sublime truths are taught in the sacred Scriptures. Civil government has, then, to do only with the relations of men a's social beings, and in the very nature of the case can have nothing what-ever to do with any man's relations toward God. Nor does the individual, the cit-izen, the subject, or what-ever else he may be called, owe to civil government any duty, or service, or obliga-tion of any kind that does not pertain to the equal rights of his fellow-men. As an intelligent, civil, social being he is amenable to the God-ordained authority which men have to safeguard their own rights; but as a moral being, endowed with a religious nature, capable of knowing good and evil as revealed in the word of God, the individual is responsible only to God. In these things civil government can have no legitimate juris-diction over him. A Dual Citizenship. Such being the relations of men to each Then said Paul, I stand at Czesar's judgment seat, where I ought to be judged: to the Jews have I done no wrong, as thou very well knowest. For if I be an offender, or have committed anything worthy of death, I refuse not to die: but if there.be none of these things whereof these accuse me, no man may deliver me unto them. I appeal unto Cusar. Acts 25:10, 11. 