THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 91 be a Christian is to be free, and to be an ear-nest laborer for the fullest freedom of every in-dividual. And no other man than the Chris-tian can be in the fullest sense a champion of liberty. Hence it is that we do not rejoice so greatly as some others do at the opposition of infidels to National Reform. Knowing that .,337 do not oppose it from the proper stand- we feel assured that those who do not Jecome converted to Jesus Christ, will erelong be zealous champions of that which they now imagine that they despise. Tyranny is tyranny, no matter who exer-cises it. For our part, if we must be slaves, we think it would be far preferable to be the slaves of One man than the slaves of a million men. BUt we protest against being enslaved at all. Freedom is more than life; without it life is nothing. Thousands of martyrs have testified' to this with their blood. Slavery, whether of body or soul, is abhorrent to every principle of Christianity; and slavery of the soul and the conscience is so much worse than slavery of the body, that the latter is not to be named in connection with the former, ex-cept as a very feeble comparison. Thousands of slaves toiling in the fields or the galleys under the lash, and in chains, have been free menŠinfinitely freer than their brutal masters. The man who is "holden with the cords of his sins," or whose conscience is in the keep-ing of another or of thousands of others, is an abject slave. The man to whom God has given intellect, who will allow any other, or others, to do his thinking for him, or to dic-tate to him in matters of faith and conscience, has no right to call himself a free man. And the evil is not lessened, but rather augmented, when that slavery is voluntary. " The consent of the governed " is a fine phrase, but it may stand for the most degraded slavery as well as the most,perfect liberty. Is a woman's shame any the less because she consents to be the slave of lust? If she will-ingly sells or gives away her chastity, is not her slavery the more deplorable? The slave who groans in unwilling bondage is next door to liberty; but what hope is there for the one who forges shackles for his own limbs, and willingly consents and even begs to have placed upon him the badge of servitude ? No man has a right to consent to waive his judgment in matters that pertain to con-science. God has delegated to no ma,n on earth, the right to demand that another shall give assent to a thing which he believes to be wrong. And what is not delegated to any man on earth, certainly cannot be held by a million. This is not anarchy, but, on the contrary, is in most perfect harmony with strict obedience to law; for. our friend is mis-taken in supposing that good order and good government require that we should waive a particle of our natural.  liberty. Perfect lib-eity is found in a state where each individ-uf4 is careful not to injure his neighbor, and it , is not consonant with any other state. When any man goes beyond and defrauds his neighbor, the imprisonment which he duffers upon conviction by the civil law, is 4-v Lily the outward manifestation of the bond- age in which he placed himself by the com-mission of his crime, long before the law placed its hand upon him. Perfect liberty is perfect conformity to perfect law; and the law which demands that the humblest citizen should waive any of his God-given rights in order to conform to it, is an unjust law ; and perfect conformity to an unjust' law is slav-ery,Šslavery on the part of the majority who conform to it because they have made it, and it suits their inclinations, even more than on the part of the one who is forced to it against his will. We love unity and peace; but we hope that God may ever give us strength to fight against unity and peace that are secured by coercing a single individual to give up an inalienable right. The supreme question is not, Shall the people be sovereign over morals and religion ? or shall the Pope? That question means sim-ply this: Shall the majority have power to dictate to the minority what they shall be-lieve, and what shall constitute their religion? It means, Shall we have many popes or one Pope? The supreme question is, Shall God be recognized as sovereign over morals and religion? The AMERICAN SENTINEL'S answer to this question -is, Yes; and it will never recognize any other sovereign. Its highest ambition is to be instrumental in bringing many others to make the same acknowledg-ment. It is true that the proposed Protestant censor-ship includes laymen; but a pope is a pope even though he be uncrowned. We would as soon be dictated to in matters of conscience by priests and ministers as by laymen. We wish it distinctly understood that what we protest against is not the arrogation of power in matters of morals and religion by a particular class of men, but against the assumption of such power by anybody whatever. Our fight is not against a certain individual's wielding the lash, but against the wielding of the lash by anybody. It may not be amiss to note that laymen have ever been used as tools by a bigoted and Pharisaic priesthood. When the laity de-pends upon the ministry to tell them what they should believe, what possible difference can there be between_ being dictated to by a layman and being dictated to by a priest? Finally, in noting the last sentence of our friend's letter, we declare that we are against the teaching of the Bible in the public schools, for the simple reason that thereby the sover-eignty of faith an& morals will be placed in the hands of the majority, and the few will be deprived of their God-given liberty; be-cause such a proceeding will put man in the place of God, and thus the only object of studying the Bible will be defeated. In short, we are unalterably opposed to unchris-tian methods of spreading Christianity, be-cause when the result has been accomplished by such methods, we have the equivalent of the Papacy, and not true Christianity. E. J. W. JUST are the ways of God, and justifiable to man.ŠMilton. The Divine Right of Civil Government. IF by the divine right of civil government be simply meant that men naturally exist as _political communities, that some form of gov-ernment is the necessary adjunct of this fact, and that God has established and maintains a constitution of things leading to these re-sults, then it may readily be conceded that civil government exists and operates by a di-vine right. Earthquakes and volcanoes also exist by the same right. All the relations of means and ends and all natural laws rest on the same basis. God's providence embraces the whole scheme of things; and in the scheme political society and civil govern-ment have their place by divine appoint-ment, just as everything else has its place. Those who affirm the so-called divine right of civil government would not accept this as an adequate statement of their doctrine. They hold that such government is not sim-ply a natural and providential appointment or order of things, but also a divine institu-tion, in the sense of having God's authorita-tive seal affixed to it. His moral govern-ment operates, in part, at least, through the civil government which he has instituted and specially chartered by vesting it with his own authority. The civil ruler is officially the minister of the divine will. God's authority stands behind his authority as its sanction and source. He is to be obeyed as the vice-gerent of Heaven, and to resist him is to re-sist God. His right is an official divine right. He governs in the name and by the authority of God. The Old Testament account of the origin and organization of the ancient Jewish nation very clearly presents such a fact. The gov-ernmental system of that people was a theoc-racy, established directly by God himself, at-tended by miracles as signs and seals thereof, and bearing upon its face the broad inscrip-tion, " Thus saith the Lord." Its laws were divine. God was both the object of worship and the civil sovereign. Moses held the two-fold relation of being his representative and the leader of the people. God appointed him to this position and supernaturally qualified him for its duties. Joshua succeeded him, and others succeeded him. The Church and the State were the same thing. The underlying theory of the whole system was that God himself was at the head of it, and that men were merely his agents. Have we the parallel of this fact anywhere else in the history of the world? Is the fact, so far as the question of divine right is con-cerned, substantially a type of all Govern-ments? No one, surely, is bound to accept such a proposition until it is proved. The proper proof thereof would be historical. Take, then, as a specimen illustration, the Government of Great Britain, and subject it to the historic test. Starting with the .,native Britons, trace it through the Romans, then through the Saxons, then through the Nor-mans, and then onward through a long suc-cession of political changes, until we of last come to Victoria and the two Houses of Par- 