-milnICA.N Sao VOL, 9. No. '39. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 4, 1894. M-  ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. ON another page we print a portion of a speech by Hon. W. S. Linton, member of Congress from the State of Michigan, on the bill " making appropriations for cur-rent and contingent expenses of the Indian Department and fulfilling treaty stipula-tions with various Indian tribes for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1895, and for other purposes." It is this bill which makes appropriations for the "contract schools," or, in other words, the denomi-national schools, supported by the Gov-ernment. The bill passed, and was ap-proved Aug. 15, 1894. The figures given by Mr. Linton are valuable, and should be saved for future reference, as should also the figures given on page 302 of the SENTINEL Of Sept. 27. IF anything had been lacking to show the power of Rome in this State it would be supplied by the action of the late Con-stitutional Convention. This convention, which had a Republican majority, started in with a flourish of trumpets to so amend the constitution of the State as to for-ever prohibit appropriations to sectarian schools. To this end the educational ar-ticle was adopted as follows:Š ARTICLE 9, Section 1. The legislature shall pro-vide for the maintenance and support of a system of free common schools, wherein all the children of this State may be educated. Section 2. The corporation created in the year one thousand sever hundred and eighty-four, under the name of the regents of the University of the State of New York, is hereby continued under the name of the University of the State of New York. It shall be governed and its corporate powers, which may be in-creased, modified or diminished by the legislature, shall be exercised by not less than nine regents. Section 3. The capital of the common school fund, the capital of the literature fund, and the capital of the United States deposit fund, shall be respectively preserved inviolate. The revenue of the said common school fund shall be applied to the support of common schools; the revenue of the said literature fund shall be applied to the support of academies, and the sum of $25,000 of the revenues of the United States deposit fund shall each year be appropriated to and made part of the capital of the said common school fund. Section 4. Neither the State nor any subdivision thereof shall use its property or credit or any public money, or authorize or permit either to be used, di-rectly or indirectly, in aid or maintenance, other than for examination or inspection of any school or insti-tution of learning, wholly or in part under the control or direction of any religious denomination, or in which any denominational tenet or doctrine is taught. This article alone would not have ac-complished all that was to be desired, for it still leaves the door wide open for that colorless thing called " unsectariaia reli-gious instruction," and which is unsatis-factory to man and displeasing to God; but it would have cut off all appropriations to distinctively sectarian institutions. This was not to be, however; the Roman Catholics rallied their forces and " influ-ence," and, invoking all the, saints in the  calendar and all the political " pull " in Tammany, succeeded in getting the fol-lowing provision inserted in the section on charities:Š Nothing in this Constitution contained shall prevent the legislature from making such provision for the education and support of the blind, the deaf and dumb and juvenile delinquents as to it may seem proper, or prevent any county, city, town or village from providing for the care, support, maintenance and secular education of inmates of orphan asylums, homes for dependent children or correctional institu-tions, whether under public or private control. Pay-ments by counties, cities, towns and villages to char-itable, eleemosynary, correctional and reformatory institutions wholly or partly under private control for care, support and maintenance may be authorized, but shall not be required by the legislature. No such payments shall be made for any inmate of such insti-tutions who is not received and detained therein pur-suant to rules established by the State Board of Char-ities. Such rules shall be subject to the control of the legislature by general laws. This leaves the sects an open door to the State treasury, and we may expect to see the usual shameless scramble of pa-pists and " Protestants " for funds at each recurring session of the legislature. As usual, however, Rome will be in the van and will bear off the lion's share; thanks to the weak-kneed " Protestantism " that truckles for votes and denies a principle for lucre. BISHOP KEANE, Rector of the Catholic University at Washington, returned re-cently from Rome, and is, according to the World, of this city, authority for the statement that Mgr. Satolli is erelong to be clothed with supreme authority in Roman Catholic Church affairs in this country. Hitherto appeals have been made either to Mgr. Satolli or direct to the propaganda at Rome, at the option of the appellant; but when the contemplated change shall have been made, all cases must first go to the vice-pope at Washing-ton, after which the pope ill Rome can permit an appeal to himself, if he sees fit. It is also stated that the pope will issue another important encyclical in Novem-ber, which will deal with " the questions of political government," and will con-tain a reiteration of the pope's " views of democracy, not alone in this country, but abroad." The letter will be addressed specially " to the Catholics of the United States, and will recite anew the position of the church here." Bishop Keane be-lieves that " it will transcend in impor-tance the encyclicals on the labor and parochial school questions." According to Bishop Keane, the pope finds in American political as well as reli-gious affairs an unceasing source of inter-est. " The pope believes America is to be the bulwark of the Catholic Church of the future, and rejoices that the political evo-lutions of the Old World are on the lines of democracy followed in the United States." The pope is said to have asked all kinds of questions relative to political matters in this country, and to have manifested a  lively interest in all things American. He wished to know about the American Pro-tective Association, and the use of troops in the recent labor troubles. He was much interested when told that the mili-tary took no sides but simply appeared as guardians of property. Probably His Craftiness was weighing the chances of becoming arbitrator of the differences between labor and capital in this country. Why does the pope believe " America is to be the bulwark of the Catholic Church of the future " ? and why does he rejoice " that the political evolutions of the Old World are on the lines of democ-racy followed in the United States " ? Simply because democracy is the people, and Leo believes that he can use the people better than he can the princes. That many of the people stand ready to be hoodwinked, seems evident; but while, as Lincoln said, it is possible to fool all the people part of the time and some of the people all the time, it is not possible to fool all the people all the time. The pope may, yea, will, largely realize his expectations in this country, but not all will be deceived by him, or by the system which he represents. A New Sabbath-school Song Book. " THE Gospel Song Sheaf," " gleaned by F. E. Belden," is the name of a well-bound and attractive looking book of 240 pages just issued by the Pacific Press Publishing Co., New York City; Oakland, Cal. ; and Kansas City, Mo. Pages 1 to 50 are devoted to songs es-pecially adapted to use in the primary division of the Sabbath-school. This is all excellent feature of the book a! id will bo greatly appreciated by the little folks. The author's experience in kindergarten work has stood him in good stead in the preparation of this part of the book, The intermediate division has also been specially remembered, and pages 51 to 150 are devoted to words and music appropri-ate to this division, but suitable also for the use of persons of more mature years. All, both old and young, will be glad to find in this part of the book a number of familiar pieces in addition to many new ones. Pages 150 to 218 contain special and gospel songs suitable for the more general purposes of the Sabbath-school, as well as many of them for social worship. The remainder of the book is given up entirely to old hymns and tunes, and here is found a large number of the old favorites, as many as six appearing on a single page, but in such cases of course with only a single bar of the music, but all the words. Taken altogether we think the "Song Sheaf " is an excellent book and will meet a hearty welcome wherever introduced. This book is neatly and substantially bound, and though somewhat larger than other books of its kind sells at tile usual price: 35 cents per copy, by mail, or $4.00 per dozen; $30 per hundred by express, not prepaid, Address the publishers as above. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street. New York CO. 