AMERICAN: ''SENTINEL.. 755 erty there is in Christ, he wished that every one might enjoy the same liberty. This liberty he preached; and in none of the writings of the New Testament do we find the principles of religious liberty more clearly set forth than in the teachings of the Apostle Paul. How any man who reads the Bible, and has become acquainted with its Author can favor a union of religion with politics, is unexplainable. Those who are' to-day so anxious to enforce religion, would do well to renew their acquaintance with Christ. The Church Points Out the "Duty" of the Republic. "SHALL WE TAKE FUICKIEN PROVINCE?" "Springfield Republican" (Mass.). A MISSIONARY writes a timely article in the last num-ber of the Northwestern Christian Advocate on "Amer-ica and China's 'Probable Partition."' His ideas are worth serious consideration, since they are not unlikely to be adopted by the present Government of the United States, in case a partition of the empire seems the order of the day. Mr. Brewster starts with the assumption that China cannot be held together, which is not consid-ered unreasonable by many careful students of the ques-tion. "Has America nothing to do in this crisis?" asks the writer. He thinks she has. The logic of his position is clearly stated:Š "Aside from the commercial question, we who believe that there is a Providence at work in the lives of na-tions, as well as of individuals, can hardly fail to see that the events of the memorable year 1898, which made America a world power, instead of merely the leading state of the western hemisphere, put responsi-bilities upon her in the event of the partition of China that cannot be ignored without national guilt." From Mr. Brewster's viewpoint, it is plain sailing. If the United States was under moral obligations to establish permanently its power and rule in the Philip-pines, it would be a national crime not to take the next logical step. As he says at another point in the same article:Š "This coast is but 500 miles from the scene of Dewey's victory. One more step and the Pacific will be crossed. It is a step that Providence is urging by every move in the march of events , . . The Stars and Stripes cannot stop in mid-ocean or off the coast of Asia. Their protecting folds must be thrown over a part at least of the long-suffering 'brothers in yellow." The only question remaining is the "slice." Where shall America carve out her section? On this point Mr. Brewster, being personally acquainted with China, may speak perhaps as an expert. Rapidly surveying the coast line of China, already well pre-empted, he lays his missionary finger upon the Fuhkien province, between Chekian on the north and Kuangtung on the south,  with the island of Formosa lying off its coast. This "is one of the most valuable parts of the whole empire. France will want it. But England and Germany will certainly object to allowing their traditional national enemy to have more than one-third of the entire coast line, as this additional province would giveŁ them." Japan, too, will want it, since Japan already has For-mosa, and "Japan knows how valuable this province is, with the enormous output of its great lumber product, " and its untold undeveloped mineral wealth of coal, iron, silver, lead, and probably other minerals." Now it would be a great calamity if Japan should get Fuhkien province. It is very clear that God wishes another disposition to be made. "The Chinese both hate and despise the Japanese. These 20,000,000 of people would not submit to becoming Japanese subjects without a long and bloody struggle. The new regime could never become one that the Chinese would enjoy. It would not tend to develop the people in civilization or morals. The Japanese have a thin veneer of western civilization but scantily covering the heathen morals and spirit. Their rule would be a curse rather than a blessing." But if the United States should secure Fuhkien prov-inceŠah! how different! "Twenty millions of our fellow-men will be saved from long anarchy and misrule under the Japanese, a people not yet ready to assume such a task. The people would readily submit to American rule. It would be welcomed by the great majority." And the writer says this "in spite of the sad Hua-sang - massacre" in which the Chinese displayed such love of the western missionaries. Finally, one reads:Š "If this province should come under the beneficent rule of America, idolatry would be speedily overthrown. Such triumphs of the cross would be witnessed as the world has seldom if ever seen. The soil is prepared, the church is ready, the people are readyŠwill Christian America see its opportunity and accept its responsibil-ity in this great crisis, or will it allow these 20,000,000 souls to be handed over to the tender mercies of heathen Japan?" If the partition of China is inevitable, our imperial-ist friends now have no alternative save to take those 20,000,000 Chinamen and the Fuhkien province, or some other province, to their bosoms. This missionary advocate of God and five per cent. is simply leading the way. He speaks out what responsible statesmen scarcely dare as yet to hint at. "SUNDAY politics," says The Defender, "will event-ually hang itself if rope enough be given it." We hope so. The Defender refers to political electioneering on Sunday; but we refer to the far more prominent form of "Sunday politics" which seeks so persistently to bring Sunday as a Sabbath day up for consideration in Congress and the State legislatures. 