232 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Vol. 4, No. 29. TI2e An2epiear2 OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, AUGUST 14, 1889. NOTE.ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. THE Times of this city says that "the Paterson Board of Health has decided that where the plac-ing of a green card on a house to indicate the presence of diphtheria on the premises, might di-minish the business of a saloon-keeper, the card may be placed on the back door, where the gen-eral public will not see it." We do not know how it is in New Jersey towns, but if the object be to place the green card where its presence will the least interfere with business, it would be nec-essary as a general rule to change the card to the front door one day in the week, namely, on Sun-day, in those towns where Sunday-closing is in vogue; because then the back door of the saloon is the avenue of business. ... Ł THE Overton (Neb.) Clipper has the following in reference to some lady who is securing signa-tures to the remonstrance against the Blair bill and kindred measures:Š " What lunatic asylum has broken loose? Last Sunday an old woman was in town with a petition to Congress to not make a Church and State government of the United States. " To this the Phelps County Herald replies as follows :Š " Evidently the above paper favors a Church and State government. If so, it does not realize its posi-tion. Better study history a little, and see what have been the terrible results of a union of Church and State in the past. All honor to the ' old woman' who is contributing her mite toward keeping Church and State forever separate. " The Herald is one of our exchanges, and is posted on National Reform doctrines and meth-ods. WE are opposed to the teaching of the Chris-tian religion in the public schools, not because Christianity is not the true religion, but because the State cannot of right have anything what-ever to do with any religion. Religion is defined by Webster to be " Recognition of God as an object of worship, love, and obedience; right feeling toward God, as rightly apprehended; pi-ety." And in the very nature of the case only individuals can love God and have right feelings toward him. Again. If we recognize the State as having the right to decide for us as to what is the Chris-tian religion, as it must do if it is to be taught in the public schools, we virtually agree to stand by its decision, and for a Christian to agree to stand by the decision of any human authority upon mat-ters of religion, is in effect to agree to apostatize from the faith whenever that authority may de-mand it. But whenever the State assumes to de-cide such questions it goes outside of its legitimate sphere, and puts itself in the place of God. IT is urged by the advocates of Sunday laws that they do not infringe the rights of conscience, because while they forbid work on Sunday they do not forbid the keeping of another day also. But is this true? God has said, "Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work." This at least  gives all permission to work six days out of each seven. The divine law also says, "The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God; in it thou shalt not do any work." One man reads that commandment and says, That requires me to keep the definite seventh day of the week. Another says, That means that I shall work six days and rest one; any stated day will do. The first man keeps Saturday, the seventh day of the weekly cycle. The second man keeps Sunday, the first day of the week. The State steps in and says to the first man, " You may keep the seventh day if you wish, but you must also keep the first day." Does it not, by thus depriving him of one-sixth of his God-given time for labor, to all intents and purposes fine him for acting according to his convictions of duty? THE Christian Nation of July 17 says:Š " The *enemies of the Sabbath and friends of the liquor traffic, are doing their utmost to make the Cin-cinnati Sabbath observance law odious, so as to se-cure its repeal. The mayor of the city has issued an order closing up all places of business and stopping all vocations that are not strictly necessary. This is an old scheme of the liquor menŠa retaliatory meas-ureŠwhich often causes the whole law to go by de-fault." Well, the very object of the law is said to be to stop all vocations and business that are not strictly necessary. The petition for a National Sunday law in this respect only excepts work of " real ne-cessity." Then, if the law is good, how is it possi-ble to make it odious by enforcing it? Let the reader imagine, if he can, how strictly laws against murder, manslaughter, assault and battery, and theft, would have to be enforced to be made odious. Such a thing is impossible. Such laws cannot be made odious by enforcing them. Their very virtue lies in the strictest enforcement possible. Any law that can be made odious by enforcement is a bad law, and Sunday laws everywhere are made odious always by a uniform enforcement; consequently all Sunday laws are bad laws and ought to be repealed. THE field secretary of the American Sabbath Union tries to dodge any connection with the National Reform Association, so as to evade an additional point which we make in regard to Sunday laws being religious legislation ; but he, himself, was a part of the last National Reform Convention, held in Pittsburg last spring, and made a speech there. Rev. J. P. Mills, a district secretary of several years' standing, of the Na-tional Reform Association, is secretary and chief manager of the Ohio State Sabbath Association, which is auxiliary to the National Sabbath Union, and was organized under the direction of the field secretary, Dr. Crafts. Again, Rev. M. A. Gault is a born and bred National Reformer, and for years has been, and is now a district secretary of the National Re- form Association and one of its most active work-ers. Mr. Gault, with Miss Shaw of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, organized the Mis- souri State Sunday Law Convention held at Sedalia in May, at which Dr. Crafts was present and made a speech, and where, again, under his direction, a State Sabbath Association for Mis- souri was organized auxiliary to the National, of which Mr. Crafts is field secretary. And now, we have it on the authority of the Shenandoah Post, of Iowa, that " Mr. Gault has been appointed secretary of the Des Moines, Omaha, and Denver districts," and that as such he is now "giving his time to the Sunday-rest movement," and is hold- ing Sunday-law conventions in his districts. Now if Dr. Crafts or anybody else can tell where the American Sabbath Union stops and the National Reform Association begins, we wish he would do it. THERE is an item of business that we should like for the field secretary of the American Sabbath Union to explain. In Portland, Oregon, in the First Congregational Church, July 22, there was placed in the slips of the pews, the fol-lowing petition to be signed :Š "To the United States Senate: " The undersigned, adult residents of the United States, twenty-one years of age and more, hereby earnestly petition your honorable body to pass a bill forbidding in the Nation's mail and military service and in inter-State commerce, and in the District of Columbia and the Territories, all Sunday traffic and work, except works of religion and works of real necessity and mercy." We picked up in that church one of these blank petitions which we now have. Mr Crafts went from Portland to Puget Sound, and at Tacoma he circulated the following petition:Š "The undersigned organizations, and adult resi-dents (21 years of age or more) of the United States, hereby earnestly petition your honorable body to pass a bill forbidding, in the Nation's mail and military service and inter-State corn-meriT, and in the District of Columbia and the Territories, all Sunday traffic and work, except works of religion and works of real necessity and mercy, and such private work by those who re-ligiously and regularly observe another day of the week by abstaining from labor and business, as will neither interfere with the general rest nor with public worship." ' Now why is this thus? Why do they circu-late these two kinds of petitions? Why do they in one petition propose to exempt those who religiously and regularly observe another day of the week, and in the other petition make no sign of any such exemption? Not that we are in favor of such exemption, for we favor no exemp-tion from the workings of SMiday laws unless it be uniform, and exempt everybody who does not want to obey the law. We only ask for infor-mation, why do they circulate these two kinds of petitions? And the columns of the SENTINEL are open for the field secretary, or any other one in authority, to answer. WE are requested to state that on or about the 7th of March last, George D. McKinstry, a young man eighteen years of age, left Healdsburg, this State, to return to his home at Binghampton, Cal., and has not been heard of since. No cause can be assigned for his sudden disappearance and prolonged absence. Any information as to the young man's whereabouts, either now or at any time since his disappearance, will be thankfully received by his father, H. H. McKinstry, Bing-hampton, Cal. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO Tne defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anyth ing tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - - $1.00 In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, - - 75e. To foreign cour4ries, single subscription, post-paid, - Address, ,AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1069 Castro et., OAKLAND, CAL. 