TEIE AMERICAN' SENTINEL 83 It says, "that all and every person and persons whatsoever, shall on the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday, carefully apply themselves to the duties of religion and piety, and that no tradesman, artificer, planter, laborer, or other person whatso-ever, shall, upon the land or water, do or exercise any labor, business or work of their ordinary call-ings (works of necessity and charity only excepted), nor employ themselves in hunting, etc., nor use any game, sport, or play, on the Lord's day, afore-said, upon pain, etc., . . . to forfeit ten shillings, etc." The professed object of this statute, was to fur-ther the observance of the Sabbath day, pursuant to the spirit of its original institution. This object is fully and forcibly expressed in its words, "that all persons whatsoever, shall apply themselves to the duties of religion and piety," and certainly the ac-tions disclosed upon this record, comport not with its injunction, but are directly contrary to the tenor of conduct contemplated by it. It would therefore seem to have been the intention of the framers of this statute, to have totally interdicted all worldly labor whatsoever. Yet the rules of construction adopted and constantly adhered to by the courts, in the case of penal statutes, will narrow down this intention so far as not to render all acts illegal and void, it having been decided, that to do `so, there must be ail express prohibitory clause. Now, in our act, the expressed prohibition is against work and labor of one's ordinary calling and extends not to all kinds of labor indiscrimi-nately, under any 'circumstances. The case of Drury vs. Defontaine, in Taunton's Reports, shows the construction of the English judges upon their statute of 29 Ch. II ch. 7; an act similar to ours, having substantially the same enactment and in nearly the same words. An English case is then cited which is almost parallel in all its attendant facts, wherein the court held that as the sale of horses was not the ordinary calling of ei-ther party to the case, therefore, the case did not fall within the statute and the contract was consequently good. Upon this, the judge in the Tennessee case con- cludes his opinion :Š So in the case before the court, there is nothing to show that the work and labor and business stated in the record was of the ordinary calling of either of the parties, but in the nature of the trans-action, quite the reverseŠa private matter. How-ever much, therefore, it is to be regretted, yet the act covenanted to be done on Sunday, might have been lawfully performed on that day, and not be-ing done, the plea is no answer to excuse the non-performance. The next case which appears in the re-ports is that of Berry vs. the Planters' Bank, brought in 1875; in this it is held that where a contract on Sunday is exe-cuted, each party is in equal fault, and relief cannot be granted on the plea that the contract was made by one of the par-ties in exercise of his ordinary calling. The petitioner in this case had deposits, of the issue of the Planters' Bank, in the Bank of Tennessee at Nashville, held at par, and when, on February 16, 1862, the news of the fall of Fort Donelson reached him, it being Sunday, he Went immedi-ately to the bank to withdraw his deposits. In the language of the report,Š He went to the bank to make inquiry about his deposit, and arrived there in the afternoon, and foundŠSunday as it wasŠall the bank officers at their post, attending to their usual avocations, with the bank doors open, and paying off the depositors in Confederate treasury notes. The Confederate notes he accepted under protest and afterward brought suit for in-demnity. The position was taken by the petitioner that the transaction took place on Sunday and was void. Of this, the judge says, in considering the grounds relied on for reliefŠ One of these grounds is that the payment to the petitioner of his deposit was made to him on Sun-day, in the exercise, by the bank, of its " common avocation," and therefore void. Code sec. 1723. . . . But the contract was clearly executed, and each party in pari delicto, and no relief can on this ground be granted to either. The plea is consequently good in itself, but the parties in this case were not in a position to take advantage of it, not being able to come before the court with " clean hands." Again at December term 1880 occurred the case of Mosely vs. Vanhooser, 6 Lea 286, where it was attempted to break a contract because it was made, as claimed, on Sunday. But it was shown that the agreement was not fully complete on Sun-day, only negotiations entered into, and the judge said :Š If a contract is to be held void because made on Sunday, it certainly should be technically complete on that day. If it had been technically complete on that day, a question of great gravity would have been presented to the court. That is not, however, pretended, and we think it not proper, upon a hypothetical case, to decide a matter of so much importance. In these cases the gradual progress of judicial sentiment towards a decision that all contracts entered into on Sunday are void, is manifest. In the first case the judge, although he deplored the necessity of such a decision, was still very certain that Sunday contracts were valid, while in the last the judicial feeling is that it is a question of " great gravity " and of "much importance," not yet satisfactorily decided. The inference from this is that in Tennessee the judicial mind is still open to conviction that all Sunday con-tracts are invalid. It has proved upon other similar ques-tions that the wish has brought forth the desired decision, and the evident teaching of the spi.it  of the reported cases is that the same thing is not impossible in the matter of Sunday contracts whenever another case shall come up for adjudication. W. H. M. The Charter of Religious Liberty, AS ASSURED BY HER MAJESTY'S ROYAL PROCLAMATION OF 1858. PROCLAMATION.-Firmly relying ourselves on the truth of Christianity, and acknowledging with gratitude the solace of religion, we disclaim alike the right and the desire to impose our convictions on any of our subjects. We declare it to be our Royal will and pleasure that none be in anywise favored, none molested or disquieted, by reason of their religious faith or observance, but that all shall alike enjoy the equal and impartial protection of the law; and we do strictly charge and enjoin all those who may be in authority under us, that they abstain from all interference with the religious belief or worship of any of our subjects, on pain of our highest displeasure. How often in the history of nations have the peace and good order of society been disturbed by some real or fancied injustice or oppression, until the agitation. that followed has led to armed resistance, open revolt, and bloodshed; while the governing power has been called upon first to quell the rebellion, and then to in-vestigate the cause that led to it. Thus it was in the older provinces of Canada a little over half a century ago, under the inequitable rule of Church and State, un-til Lord Durham's report brought to light such an array of facts as led to the re-moval of the grievance, and the supposed guarantee of equal rights to her Majesty's subjects in the provinces. And thus it was again in India about twenty years later, when the Sepoy soldiers remon-strated in vain against the military require-ment respecting the cartridges greased with pork. As believers in the Koran, how could they submit, at every loading of their rifles, to bring in contact with their lips, tongues and teeth, that which their Prophet had so solemnly forbidden? Hence their revolt was only the result of that inward revolt of their consciences against an act which their religion taught them was an abomination and a sin against God. And when the investigation which followed the suppression of the re-bellion, showed in its true light how their religious convictions had been trampled upon,Šhow seasonable and appropriate was Her Majesty's Royal Proclamation of Religious Liberty, which has since won from their hearts a right loyal allegiance to the "Empress of India." And we, her Canadian subjects, have an equal claim to all that is assured in that proclamation. In declaring her "Royal will and pleasure that none be in anywise favored, none molested or disquieted . . . but that all shall alike enjoy the . . . protection of the law," it is obvious that the gracious assurance is to all within the limits of her jurisdiction, and to the ex-clusion of none within those limits. Here is the necessary limitation and extent of the terms used in the proclamation. The opening of the proclamation assures us that her Majesty professes to be a Christian sovereign, and yet she freely disclaims the desire to impose her convic-tions on any of her subjects. This was surely good news to her Mohammedan subjects whose religious convictions had been disregarded. But the jubilee trump of emancipation has the clear ring in the words: " We disclaim the right . . . thus to treat . . . any of our subjects." And if Queen Victoria has no such right over any of her subjects, and is thus free to declare it, by what inherent or derived right are those actuated who seek to op-press the loyal subjects of their sovereign in their conscientious convictions, even those who profess the same religious faith as her Majesty ? Who then are they, whether ecclesias-tics or laity, who are rushing to the front on the platform and through the press, and seeking to enlist the higher powers of Parliament, that they may be specially " favored . . . by reason of their re-ligious faith and observance," which her Majesty has expressly declared to be con-trary to her "royal will and pleasure ?" And against the same declaration a system-atic combination has been going on, es-pecially for the last two years, to secure such power to the aspiring majority through parliamentary enactments, that others, who are only a small minority, "by reason of .their religious faith and 