MARCH 7, 1895. .4.1MEIMEEICA.IK  this still further: " The church has always been divine.'  her divine principles have never varied; her degree and manner of connection with the civil power, these have varied; still, in England, that connection always has been." Now, if it be granted that a church is divine, and that she is incorporated with a human government, it must also be granted that, as divine wisdom and judgment are supe-rior to human, she has a right to predomi-nate; and like any other government, in order to maintain its existence, must use all the power she has to enforce obedience to her laws. Therefore the sword, prison and pillory, that have been used against dissenters in the past, were only a natural outcome of a union be-tween civil government and religion; and just as her never-varying " divine principles" have been manifested in this way in the past, to be true to those principles, she must do the same again when opportunity permits. Did Christ, the only manifestation of divin- ity in humanity (John 1:18) teach such principles ? When some of his iollowers asked for fire to consume those who did not receive them, did he say, Yes, they should be burned as an example to frighten others? No; "he turned and rebuked them." Luke 9:55. He also said: " If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not." " My king- dom is not of this world." . So it is evident that before a church can become united to a government of the world she must turn from following Christ. Then the god of the world will rule in her, and this is clearly seen in the history of every Church and State connection in the past. That a State Church is different from the Church of Christ is also seen from the following, from the same article: " She, the church, has al-ways had close relations with the State, and holds, in consequence, a position of consider-able temporal dignity." " My kingdom is not of this world," said Christ,Š" In the world ye shall have tribulation." Speaking of the last days, Paul said: "All that will live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution." From this we must conclude that a church which the world exalts to a position of tem- poral dignity, cannot be the Church of Christ. The " prince of this world" offered a position of great temporal dignity to Christ on the moun-tain, on condition that he would worship him, but Christ turned from the temptation; and none of his followers can accept a position that will detract their allegiance from him. Canon Knox Little characterizes disestab- lishing the church in Wales, apart from the church in England, as "peddling and meddling with so grave a question in a kind of local option' spirit," and gives the following signifi-cant example of a better way of doing:Š Long ago the American Republic showed the world how well they understood this in the matter of State existence on a large scale when they refused to permit the southern States to quit their union, and one may well hope and believe that England will show them-selves equally sagacious and just-minded in the matter of their church. What an illustration! Because the Ameri-can Government, by means of bullets and bay- onets prevented the States of the South from throwing off their allegiance to a political union, therefore the Church of England should employ bayonets and bullets to prevent the people of Wales from throwing off their alle-giance to the Church of England! And what is this but a repetition of the spirit and prac-tice of the papacy, illustrated in her murder-ous marches against the Waldenses, Albigenses and Huguenots ? And now, a word about the home of the SENTINEL. " The American Republic" is setting an example to the world at present in making and enforcing religious laws, and pun-ishing dissenters, the inevitable evil of which  cannot be estimated. And just as the great Republic, founded by Washington, Jefferson and others in the truly divine principle of individual liberty, has influenced the world against that relic of media5val darkness, eccle-siastical tyranny, so now that the Republic has proved false to these great principles, her in-fluence will lead other nations that are influ-enced by her example back to that tyranny. Well may the AMERICAN SENTINEL sound aloud the alarm, and well may we on this side of the Atlantic hope and pray for its success. JOHN MCAYOY. Prestwich, Ayrshire, Scotland. THE RIGHT THING TO DO. THE Echo, of Darlington, Ind., publishes the following in its issue of February 15:Š The Echo has a large number of sample copies of the A ITPEIHAN  SENTINEL to give away to whosoever wants one, which advocates some principles that every American citizen who is loyal to the free liberty and untrammeled personal rights of each individual and the law of equal rights of our country should be deeply interested in. Don't get prejudicial and think it is designed to work on your religious or political faith. If you are incapable of reasoning for yourself, you are in bad shape. You don't want your rights to think and worship your God according to the dictates of your own conscience to become under bondage;  do you ? Then read and put into acts the right of your suffrage, when it costs you nothing. We have noted with pleasure the many favorable comments an the work of the AMERICAN SENTINEL which have appeared recently in the columns of our exchanges, but to know that one of them has carefully pre-served copies of the SENTINEL and now offers them to its subscribers with the above recom-mendation, is indeed cheering. The Echo declares in its motto that it is " No man's slave," and its attitude toward the SENTINEL would bear out its courageous declaration. EASEL CONTINUES TO PERSECUTE FOR CON-SCIENCE' SAKE. DURING a portion of the months of Octo-ber and November of last fall, the au-thorities of the city of Basel, Switzerland, imprisoned Henry P. Holser, pastor of the Seventh-day Adventist Church and manager of the publishing house of the denomination in that city. The imprisonment was because of work done in the denominational publish-ing house on Sunday. The law used to secure this imprisonment was the factory law, the intention of which is to secure a rest of one day in the week to the employ& in manufacturing establishments. The law is declared by its interpreters to have no religious significance, but to be intended solely for the good of the laboring class; yet it was here used in an attempt to deprive a company of inoffensive working people of the results of labor for one day in the week. Those who invoked the law knew well that these people could not work on the seventh day and they deliberately used it when they knew that by so doing they were attempting to restrict them to five days' labor per week. Although such a course is deliberate self-stultification, it is persistently contin-ued. Mr. Holser served a term of twenty-one days in the Basel prison. There is a fine of two hundred francs still standing against him, which he will not pay, as to do so would be a virtual acknowledgment of the justice of the penalty. This must yet be, served out in prison, which means forty days more. He is now in Battle Creek, Mich., attending the General Conference of Seventh-day Adventists. He goes there as representative of the Central European Conference of the denomination.  It is expected that he will return in the spring, as this was his intention. When he left Basel for the United States he placed no one in charge of the business of the publishing house, but simply arranged the work to be done, and told the employs that the house was always open to its laborers six days in the week. In consequence of the action of the authorities the presses had already been stopped entirely, and all the press work hired to job presses in the city. This consists of three papers, and religious tracts and books which the house is continually issuing. All the work done in the house is therefore of the most quiet nature,Šsuch as typesetting,Šand it would not be possible to know that labor was being done there at any time except by watching to see the workers quietly come and go morning and evening, or by actual inquiry. On January 23, the following letter was received from the police department:Š The Department of the Interior, Canton Basel. To the Imprimerie Polyglotte, Basel. The federal factory inspector informs As that you work regularly on Sunday. As you well know work on Sunday is forbidden by article 14 of the factory law. Now that you have al-ready suffered the legal penalty for violation of this before-mentioned law, we are prompted to warn you against further repetition, for according to the second paragraph of article 1 of the factory laws, besides ap-propriate fine, imprisonment also for three months may be affixed. Therefore we shall direct the police department to give special attention as to the observance of the Sun-day rest in your business. Respectfully, Chief of the Department of the Interior, PrnuPPI. The following Sunday the house was care-fully watched by a policeman in citizen's clothes, and the workers who left in the even-ing were questioned as to whether they had been at work, and their names taken. The infor- mation asked was given in every instance without hesitation. During the week the police called at the office and held a conversation with the book-keeper, Mr. Henri Revilly. According to the terms of the factory law the manager alone is made responsible for the infringement of the Sunday law by factory labor. There is no one in charge of the Imprimerie Polyglotte, and no person other than the absent manager has any authority more than another, or is responsible for anything more than his or her individual work. The book-keeper, Mr. Rev-illy, stands precisely on the same footing as the other employ6s, yet the police have told him that he will be held responsible, individ- ually. He has been summoned to appear on Friday, February 16, before the Basel police court, to answer to a charge upon which the authorities have threatened him with three months' possible imprisonment. He has ad-dressed the following letter, involving mainly the civil and personal application of this case, to the Department of the Interior, and to the representative in the National Assembly from his Canton of Vaud :Š MONSIEUR PHILIPPI, Chief of the Department of the Interior, Basel. The Imprimerie Polyglotte has received your letter of January 23. Unfortunately your advice cannot be followed for the two following reasons: 1. The di-rector of the establishment, Mr. Holser, is at this mo-ment in the United States, where he represents the Adventists of Central Europe at an assembly of the General Conference of the denomination. The under-signed occupies the position of book-keeper and clerk, and consequently has no direction of the affairs of the house. He works by the hour as well as the other employ6s, and has nothing to say in questions of this kind. Mr. Holser said to the workers repeatedly: " The house is open to you every Sunday. You can come to work or you can rest. Accordingly, then, even if I wished, I could not hinder the workers from laboring on Sunday. 2. You Łknow that the opera-tives are Seventh-day Adventists; they rest on the Sabbath, consecrating that day to God. There are none of independent income among us. Each one must work his ten hours daily, if be is to honorably 