"If any Man Near My Words, and Believe not, I Judge him not: for / Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World." VOLUME 9. NEW YORK, JANUARY 25, 1894. NUMBER 4.   American Sentinel. PUBLISHED 'WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 Boz) STREET, NEW YORE. Entered at the New York Post-Office. EDITOR, - - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE 'comas, -1 CWAILEV,LN—,F.H.B°—I"Al,ENC : WHAT is now the position and work of the Catholic Church in the United States ? Ł THIS is a question worth careful inquiry, and watchful attention on the part of every one who would not be deceived by this " mistress of witchcrafts and mother of abominations." THE Government and people of the United States having been sold and de-livered, by the National Reform American Sabbath Union combination into the bands of the papacy, it is well for the people to, study and understand how the new claimant looks upon her new acces-sion, and what she proposes to do with it. WE have given in these columns 'the published purpose of Leo XIII., that " what the church has done in 'the past for other nations, she will now do for the United.  States ; " and the —command of Satolli from Leo to the Catholics of the United States to " bring your country into immediate contact with that great secret of blessedness Š Christ and his church; " and also the hope of that church " to missionize the and land in half a decade of years," and that " the nets of St. Peter will drag this continent from ocean to ocean, till they are filled to breaking with the souls of men that shall be saved." Š4-- SEEING her purposes so plainly stated, it is well to see what steps have been, and are being, taken to accomplish them. It cannot be expected of course that we should tell all of this in one number of the SENTINEL; not only because there is more than could be given at once, but be-cause it is a constantly active and rapidly growing work. However, we pledge our-selves to watch the thing closely, and to point out as faithfully as is possible the developments of this everlasting " men-ace " to the political and religious liberties  of mankind, which has been so firmly seated. in the American saddle by the officious governmental tinkering of Bishop Coxe and others, and of the National Re-form American Sabbath Union combina-tion. THERE were some developments at Cardinal Gibbons' late jubilee, which are worthy of particular note; but which we have not seen mentioned in any paper, outside of the Catholic papers which pub-lished full reports of the proceedings. At that celebration Archbishop Ireland de-livered a panegyric upon Cardinal Gib-bons in which he linked Leo XIII., and the cardinal together as the links which are to bind together " the church and the age," and himself gave the definition of his expression, "The church and the age," thus : " Rome is the church; America is the age." With this specific definition there will be no difficulty in seeing the archbishop's meaning in the extracts which we shall present. SPEAKING evidently of the cardinal the archbishop said:Š I indicate the opportunity for the great and singular churchman. His work is to bridge the deep valley separating the age, to clear off the clouds which pre-vent the one from seeing the realities of the other, to bring the church to the age and the age to the church. With Rome as the church, and America as the age, it is clear that the archbishop's speech is in the direct line of Satolli's in-structions from Leo to the Catholics of America to bring their " country into immediate contact with " " the church." THE archbishop continues:Š I preach the new, the most glorious crusade. Church and age! Unite them in mind and heart, in the name of humanity, in the name of God. Church and age! Bring them into close contact; they pulsate alike; the God of humanity works in one, the God of supernatural revelation works. in the otherŠin both the self-same God. And of course for all the purposes of this design, this " crusade," and of those engaged in it the pope is this god who works in both " the church and the age." Tx's is more clearly indicated in another place in the archbishop's speech, as fol-lows Surely, much yet is to be done before the union of age and church is complete, but the work has begun  and has progressed in a surprising degree. Let us pray that Leo may live yet many years, and that when death at last comes Leo's spirit may yet dominate in the Vatican, and all will be well. Meanwhile, in America, let Catholics of America cluster aronnd him, inhale his ideas and work with him, as Americans should work, in energy and earnestness. We are es-pecially favored by him. He lives among us in an especial manner, having sent to us his chosen represent-ative, who makes Leo known to us as no other could ; whose words, whose acts, prove to us daily how truly Leo is the pontiff, of the age. Monsignor Satolli, the church and the age! Rome is the church; America is the age! And Monsignor Satolli's command to Cath-olics of America is: " Go forward, on the road of progress, bearing in one hand the book of Christian truthŠChrist's gospelŠand in the other the Constitu-tion of the United States." 4---- NEXT the archbishop turns personally to the cardinal and defines his place, thus :Š I have spoken of the providential pope of Rome. I speak now of the providential Archbishop of Balti-more. How oft, in past years, I have thanked God that in this latter quarter of the nineteenth century Cardinal Gibbons had been given to us as primate, as leader, Catholic of Catholics, American of Americans, a bishop of his age and to Iris country; he is to Amer-lea what Leo is to all Christendom. . . . A par-ticular mission is reserved to the American cardinal. . . . America is watched. The prelate who in America is the representative of the union of church and age is watched. His leadership guides the combat-ants the world over. . . . The ripplings of Car-dinal Gibbons' influence Cross the threshold of the Vatican. . . . The historic incident of the Knights of Labor, whose condemnation Cardinal Gibbons averted by personal interview with Leo, was one of the preparations to the encyclical on the Condition of Labor. The work of Cardinal Gibbons forms an epoch in the history of the church in America. He has made known, as no one' before him did, the church to the people of America; he has demonstrated the fitness of the church for America, the natural alliance existing between the church and the freedom-giving institutions of America. Through his action the scales have fallen from the eyes of non-Catholics, prejudices have van-ished. He, the great churchman is the great citizen. Church and country unite in him, and the magnetism of the union pervades the whole land, teaching laggard Catholics to love America, teaching well-disposed non-Catholics to trust the church. NOR is this all theory, nor simply the grandiloquence of a set panegyric. For before that celebration was over there was furnished an object-lesson, which, whether it was pre-arranged or not, was seized upon and made to tell for all the occasion was worth, and in Rome's hand it is worth a great deal. The next night after this speech was made, a great banquet was held in honor of the cardinal and the oc- 