380 AMERICAN SENTINEL. The writer appeals to Baptists to purge their gar-ments of this modern Sunday-law persecution by with-drawing their influence from its instruments and agents, and by raising their voices against it. This is not an ap-peal for sympathy on behalf of imprisoned seventh-day observers. If their faith is not worth suffering for, it is not worth possessing. Their persecutors, not they, are the ones most in need of sympathy. They can afford to suffer, but Baptists cannot afford to persecute them, nor remain silent while others oppress them. Persecu-tions will come, but woe unto him by whom they come. Men, whose boast it is that ye Come of fathers brave and free, If there breathes on earth a slave, Are ye truly free and brave? If you do not feel the chain When it works a brother's pain, Are ye not base slaves indeedŠ Slaves unworthy to be freed? Is true freedom but to break Fetters for our own dear sake, And with leathern hearts forget That we owe mankind a debt?Š No; true freedom is to share All the chains our brothers wear, And, with heart and hand, to be In earnest to make others free. They are slaves who fear to speak For the fallen and the weak; They are slaves who will not choose Hatred, scoffing, and abuse, Rather than in silence shrink From the truth they needs must think; They are slaves who dare not be In the right with two or three. ŠJames Russell Lowell. Sunday on a U. S. Man-of-War. A RECENT issue of the Union Signal gives the follow-ing description of the exercises by which Sunday is ob-served on a Government warship;Š "Sunday on board a United States man-of-war is in many respects similar to any other day in the week, save that the men are more quiet, the occasional games and recreations are suspended, there are no drills, and the morning `church' is the feature of the day. "On board the New York, the flagship of the North Atlantic Squadron, the Rev. A. L. Royce is chaplain. The services on this ship last about an hour, and a deep interest is taken in the responses from the book of prayer, as well as in the sermon and singing, music for which is furnished by the Admiral's band. "This quarter of the gun deck during religious serv-ces presents an interesting scene. At one end the chap-ain stands at his pulpitŠa solid oak piece of furniture draped with the Stars and StripesŠon which rests the open Bible. To the right the officers of the ship are seated, and facing the chaplain are the marines, in uni-forms of white duck, with blue sailor collars. To the left the rear of a powerful gun is visible, the muzzle project-ing through a porthole, while to the right, and back of the officers, a rack of rifles may be seen. Here, amid the deadly weapons of modern warfare, this body of men assemble to lift up their hearts and voices to their Maker. "Sunday on board ship is resting-day for nearly all hands, and those who are inclined to attend divine wor-ship do so of their own free will. It is to the credit of our seamen that very few of them neglect this privilege. The Government provides a chaplain, and designates the hour for service, but does not compel the men to attend, so that it is very encouraging to find a large proportion of the ship's men at the Sunday-morning service. "A beautiful custom in the navy in this connection is that when the ship's bell tolls for church, the national colors are hauled down from the peak, and the church pennant, consisting of a blue cross on a white field, is dis-played instead. The colors are then hauled back to a position immediately underneath the pennant. Thus the sacred symbol of Christianity alone is permitted to take precedence of the Stars and Stripes ; and this, the only flag that is ever hoisted above the national colors, re-mains flying during the hour of Sunday worship, from half past ten until half past eleven. It is then hauled down and the Stars and Stripes are again hoisted. Every flagship in the navy carries a chaplain, and most of the first-raters, such as the Columbia and Minneapolis-Some of the second-raters, like the Texas and Maine, also have chaplains. Every prominent naval station and navy-yard are also provided with chaplains, so that in the navy the Government provides in all for twenty-four chaplains, who at the time of their appointment must not be over thirty-five nor less than twenty-one years of age. "To those chaplains on the active list, the moral and religious work of our churches in the navy is intrusted, and each is required to do the work of his church without a shadow of sectarianism. Christian unity is aimed at and largely realized in the navy, and to the building up-of character the chaplains are at work with might and main. They are appointed and commissioned, like any other naval officer, by the President, by and with the consent of the Senate. As in the case of other staff offi-cers, they hold relative rank with the line, their rank ter-minating with that of captain, so that theirs is the priv-ilege of the ship. The uniform is not military, neither is it unmilitary, since it consists of the ordinary clerical dress, which is especially becoming on board ship." Would the "church pennant "Šthe "sacred symbol of Christianity "Šbe kept at the masthead while the ship went into action and sunk opposing ships and killed the enemies of the Government? Probably not. But if the emblem of Christianity is ever appropriate at the mast-head of a man-of-war, why should it not be so when the latter is in action? For what is a man-of-war designed to do but to fight? She does not change her principles when she goes into battle. But think of the " sacred em-blem of Christianity "Šthe ensign of the Prince of PeaceŠflying in a sulphorous canopy over a ship from whose sides great guns are hurling missiles of death against other ships freighted with human beings, and whose decks-present a pandemonium of men shouting and cursing in a mad endeavor to murder their fellowmen, or shrieking and groaning from the effects of the like efforts made by their opponents ! What has Christianity to do with a scene like this? Just as much, we answer, as it has to do with a man of- 