AMERICAN SENTINEL. 783 Christ's ministry. How did the priests and rulers look on the movement?" "With jealousy and hate. The old fear beset them as to its outcome,Šas to its effect on their selfish inter-ests." "What did they do?" "They called a council; they were filled with indigna-tion, and laid hands on the apostles and thrust them into prison." "All this stands for human power. Force is the ut-most appeal. Jesus had told them what would come. The servant was not to be greater than his lord. Bonds and imprisonment awaited them." "Aleck, how do you account for the peace and pros-perity of the church to day? There does not seem to be the antagonism between the church and the world that there was then." "I account for it on the ground of the lack of Holy Ghost testimony. When the church is baptized with power from On high, the kingdom of .the world and the devil will manifest all the old enmity. But Cecil, how much power had the priests and rulers over the apostles? Were they silenced?" "No. It says, 'The angel of the Lord by night opened the prison doors, and brought them forth, and said, Go, stand and speak in the temple to the people all the words of this life.' It seems to me, Aleck, that ought to have strengthened the disciples, and made them ready for any thing." "No, Cecil; the mere fact of an angel appearing was not enough. It was the Holy Spirit in them that strengthened with all might. Were the rulers and priests then convinced?" "No; they set them before the council, and the high priest said 'Did we not straightly command you that ye should not teach in this name? and, behold, ye have filled Jerusalem with your doctrine, and intend to bring this man's blood on us?" "You can see that self-interest was behind all their opposition. Even when the officers went after the si-silenced prisoners, they took them, it says, without vio-lence, because they feared the people. Surely the fear of man is a snare. It makes men hpyocrites." "Surely, Cecil. Then how essential it is not to fear man, but God only. What excuse did the apostles give for continuing their witness?" One that is in perfect harmony with their faith, and the only answer consistent with-the principle of reliance on God,Š'We ought to obey God rather than man.'" "Was that all they said? "0 no. They went on and boldly charged them with putting to death the Saviour of the world; but I noticed that in their testimony they also held out the privilege of repentance for Israel." "Beside this they boldly asserted the witness of the Holy Spirit, men were cut to the heart, and yet though convicted of the truth, for the Holy Spirit convinces of truth,Šthey took sides against it, opposed themselves  in their conviction, and for the saving of self, took up stones to kill the apostles. What prevented the carrying out of their purpose?" "The sensible talk of Gamaliel. He told them of va-rious efforts that had originated in man and had failed, and declared that if this was of man, it would come to naught; but if of God, it would not be overthrown. For a time his good advice was respected. What a pity it is that this advice is not always respected! Persecution would not have much chance if it were followed." "The prince of this world counts such advice as the worst of treason." F. B. B. Studies in French History.-51. "WELL, Julia, are you prepared this afternoon to tell us something concerning the last hours of Louis XIV.," asked Professor Carman. "I have learned a few things, professorŠonly a few," replied Julia, as she rose and stepped to the desk beside her teacher, and began:Š "King Louis XIV. reigned much longer than any of the kings of France. His reign began in 1643, and he died in 1715; as he was four years old when he took the throne, this would bring him to the good old age of sev-enty-six years. But he had to die at last, even though he always had so dreaded death that he would not even look out of his window to see the church of St. Denis, where he must be buried. He had a very great deal of trouble, poor man, along at last. In the first place his son died,Šthe only real lawful son he had,Šof small-pox; next his grandson's wife died of measles. She was a real-sweet, nice lady, and the old king loved her very much, and used to get her to sit on the arm of his large chair and visit with him; so of course he must have felt very bad when she died. The young princess' husband died of grief in a week after her death. Then the eldest son of this 'ill-fated couple,' as Aunt Eunice called them, died too." "Dear me!" exclaimed Florence Ray. "I don't see as there was any one left at all to take the throne. I hope nobody else died after this." "But there did," continued Julia, "another grandson died two years after this. Ł"At last a poor, feeble little chap four years old was the only one left to take the throne. He was the old king's great grandson, and became Louis XV. "When the old monarch was on his death-bed, he called this little boy to him and gave him some very good advice, which the young king did not live up to at all, though he had it nicely framed. He advised the child king to be more saving than he had been, and more peace-able, too; and then he called him 'darling,' and blessed him before he died. "Aunt Eunice said it was such a pity that the old king didn't live long enough afterward to illustrate his 