394 ..A.1VEIHARICA_N SENT1INIE1-4 VoL. 11, No. 50. suredly the object of this organization of building trades is nothing else than "to secure the monopoly of some particular branch of trade, industry, or commerce, and to stifle wholesome competition." It is true that this building-trades trust suggests "benefits" that can come from their monopoly; and so does the coal trust, the sugar trust, and all the others. The Presi-dent's answer to the claim of "benefits" to others made by the capital trusts is also an answer to this suggestion of "benefits" to others made by this latest, or any other, labor trust. Admitting that such a thing may in-cidentally and occasionally appear, it is only incidental and occasional, and "such occa-sional results fall far short of compensating the palpable evil charged to the account of trusts and monopolies." And the greatest of these evils is that which the President points out, which we have be-fore pointed out, and which only last week we dwelt uponŠthe destruction of individ-ullity. As the President expresses it: "This tendency is to crush out individual independ-ence and to hinder or prevent the free use of human faculties and the full development of human character;" the relegation of the in-dividual "to the level .of a mere appurtenance to a great machine, with little free will, with no duty but that of passive obedience, and with little hope or opportunity of rising in the scale of responsible and helpful citizen-ship." The President recommends legislation that shall check the operations of trusts and mo-nopolies of capital. But how can a law be made that will have the desired effect upon the trusts and monopolies of capital, without affecting trusts and monopolies of labor as well? Any legislation proposed which should bear upon the labor trusts, however, would be instantly and vigorously resented as an at-tack upon labor and an invasion of the rights of labor; and certainly would not be suffered to become law. Yet any law bearing only upon trusts and monopolies of capital, would certainly be rejected by the courts as special or class legislation. Indeed, the President says that the legislation that has been enacted already, has failed, "simply because the laws themselves, as interpreted by the courts, do not reach the difficulty." There is danger then, indeed there is a probability, that in the attempts to remedy the evil by legislation, it will be done in such a way that a governmental trust and monop-oly will be erected which will be more de-structive to individuality than all the other trusts and monopolies of all sorts together. The danger is that laws may be enacted and enforced, even by decrees of the highest courts, overstepping the boundaries of strict impartiality and general justice, and the assent of all be exacted simply because it is the law; and when any one presumes to question the law as to whether it is right, or strictly im-partial or generally just, and refuses his as-sent to it because it is not such a law, he will be denounced as an enemy of the government and a revolutionist. There is too much of this doctrine spread abroad in the United States already, that every law must be accepted and obeyed simply "because it is the law." Benjamin Harrison, while he was president, as he was "swingin' round the circle," made this his particular theme. In the late campaign he made a spe-cialty of the same thing, and denounced as "revolutionists" all who should refuse assent to a decision of the United States Supreme Court on a constitutional question. The principles upon which the Government of the United States is founded, admit no such •19  trine. Abraham Lincoln's whole political contest was waged against it. Yet this doctrine is the stronghold of the religious combination that proposes by Sun-day laws and religious legislation generally, to dominate the country, and which is already dominating it to vastly too large an extent. They never ask, nor do they care, whether a thing is constitutional, or whether it is right. They only want to know whether it is the law, or whether by any means it can be made the law. Then whoever opposes it or refuses to obey itŠno matter how flatly unconstitu-tional and wrong it may beŠhe is denounced as an "enemy of the government," "revolu-tionist," ''anarchist," "Adventist," etc., etc. And having the governmental power in their hands, and public opinion on their side, they can, and they do, make it very uncomfortable for the man who chooses to think for himself and to maintain the constitutional provisions and fundamental principles upon which the nation rests. The effect of this religious trust and monopoly, precisely as is that of every other trust and monopoly, is to crush out indiv-idual independence and to hinder or prevent the free use of human faculties and the full development of human character;" to rele-gate the individual "to the level of a mere appurtenance to a great machine, with little free will, and with no duty but that of passive obedience." It was not by any means a small club to be used to this end that President Cleveland put into the hands of this religious monop-oly, when in his last Thanksgiving proclama-tion he committed the national government specifically to the patronage of the Christian religionŠor rather, to that form of the Christian religion which is dealt in by this religious "Trust." REALLY we did not suppose that anybody could be found who would defend President Cleveland's action in dragging the Christian religion into his last Thanksgiving proclama-tion. Many we knew would be glad that he did so, and would gladly use it for all that could be made out of it; but that any would attempt to justify it or defend it, we did not believe. The issuing of a religious proclamation at all, even in the most general and non-com-mittal terms, by the President of the United States, is so clearly an act of usurpation, that we could not think that anybody would have the face to defend such an act when he went so far beyond this as to adopt distinctly the religion of one class of the people of the country. " The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, . . . are re-served." No man can for a moment say that the power to appoint religious festivals, and prescribe religious exercises, has been dele-gated by the Constitution. Every person who ever read the Constitution, knows there is no delegation of any such power. For the President of the United States to do such a thing, is for him to act without authority, without the Constitution, without legal right. It is even more than this; for the makers of the Constitution and of the Government un-der it, particularly excluded religion, and specifically the Christian religion, from the cognizance of the national authority. Such an act of the President, therefore, is not only without the Constitution, but against the ConstitutionŠagainst the spirit and ex-press intent of the Constitution. Yet for all this there are those who have the face actually to defend this latest thing  of the kind. It will be of interest to the people to know who they are that do it, and how they do it. The Independent was the first to do it. After quoting the particular sentence of the proclamation, it acknowledges that " this is a recognition of our Lord Jesus Christ and of the Christian religion in a proclamation ad-dressed to all the people of the country, Christians and Jews alike." But why men-tion only Christians and Jews ? " All the people of the country" are not composed of Christians and Jews. There are thousands upon thousands of " the people of the coun-try" who are neither Christians nor Jews, and yet who are entitled to just as much consideration from a President of the country as is any Christian in all the land. Was Mr. Cleveland chosen and elected to be the Presi-dent of all the people of the country? or of only the Christians of the country ? But even though all the people of the country were composed of only Christians and Jews, then under a Constitution includ-ing both Christians and Jews the President of the country would have no kind of right in his official capacity to recognize exclusively Christian doctrines. To do so would be at once to give public notice that he did not consider himself the President of all the peo-ple; but of the Christians only. It would be to say that in his view the Constitution did not include Christians and Jews, but Christians only. And when as is the fact all the people of the country are composed promiscuously of Christians, Jews and non-religionists, living under a Constitution that was framed expressly to include all without any distinction whatever; when, in view of this the President, having taken an oath to maintain the Constitution, in his official ca-pacity as President issues a document which is exclusively Christian, notice is thereby plainly given to all the country that he does not consider that the Constitution includes all the people, but Christians only; and that he considers himself under that Constitution as President, not of all the people, but only of the Christians of the country. This must be so, or else it will have to be admitted that a President who issued such a document was an exceedingly thoughtless personage. As we did not suppose anybody would de-fend this thing, so also we would not have supposed that anybody would attempt to de- fend it in the way that the Independent does in the following words:Š Our President and governors are authorized by law to set apart certain days as seasons of thanksgiving and fasting. All that the law provides is the bare announcement of the time. As it relates to the President of the United States, there is not a shadow of truth in this statement. As for the governors, it is true that there are States that provide that they shall appoint days of thanksgiving. But as regards the President, it is absolutely false. There is no law authorizing him to do any such thing; not even as to "the bare announcement of the time." His doing of it is entirely with-out law, as well as without the Constitution. The Independent's pretense that there is such a law, is a fraud. But that a fraudulent thing should be supported by fraudulent means is natural enough; and, by the way, it is becoming enough too. The Independent further says:Š If the President or governor says anything further [than the law provides] it is not a legal act. Very good. That is true enough. And as it is certainly true that there is absolutely no law which provides that the President shall 