242 AMERICAN SENTINEL. prominent to warrant such a view of this assertion of congressional sovereignty. For years there has been a plain tendency towards the transference of power from the people to certain classes and parties in the Government, to such a degree as even to suggest the coming of an absolute monarchy. We are hearing of "government without the Constitution" and even of "government by a single mind" as conditions at which, if realized here, the American people should not be greatly surprised. And with this the idea of the sov-ereignty of Congress is in perfect harmony. The people do not appreciate the importance of retaining the sovereignty in their own hands. They are, for the most part, absorbed in getting rich, as Jefferson prophesied would be the ease; and unscrup-ulous men of ambition, realizing their opportunity, are robbing them of their power and undermining the structure of American constitutional government. "Government without the Constitution," and the "sovereignty of Congress" are expressions meaning one and the same thing. The Constitution is the rule of government declared by "we, the people of the United States." The "sovereignty" of Congress must neces-sarily exist outside the Constitution; and it can exist at all only by superseding the sovereignty of the people and setting aside the Constitution; for this country, like the world in Alexander's day, "does not admit of two suns or two sovereigns." Shall the sovereignty remain in the people? or shall it be transferred from the many to a fewŠto Congress, then to a clique, to a triumvirate, and finally to an emperor? This is no idle question. It is one to which the American people must give an answer. Archbishop Ireland for Sunday Enforcement. THE following from this noted Catholic prelate is quoted in "Lord's Day Papers," a monthly publication issued by the Wisconsin Sabbath Association:Š "I have noticed with much regret that in movements of citizens to enforce the Sunday laws of the country, Catholics are not in large numbers among the foremost combatants. This may rise from some singular politi-cal ideas held by them, but no political ideas must pre-vail against such obligations as those binding us to the observance of the Sunday." And the "obligations binding us to the observance of the Sunday," as the archbishop and all Catholics see them, are that the day has been set apart by the Cath-olic Church as a religious day, resting upon precisely the same authority as do other feast and fast days of the Catholic Church, and no more binding than these in its obligation. This is why Archbishop Ireland wants the Sunday laws enforced upon Protestants in this country. Another noted Catholic writer has said that the observance of Sunday by Protestants is "an hom- age they pay in spite of themselves, to the Catholic Church;" and Archbishop Ireland, the Wisconsin Sab-bath Association (professedly Protestant), and all-oth_ ers working for the enforcement of Sunday laws, want Protestants in the United States forced to pay homage "in spite otthemselves, to the Catholic Church." But we don't want anything of this kind. Sectarian Appropriations Again. THE long-standing question of Government appro-priations for sectarian Indian schools came up un-expectedly in Congress for discussion April 7. It was precipitated by the following amendment offered by Senator Jones of Arkansas to the Indian appropriation bill which was then before the Senate:Š "That the secretary of the interior may make con-tracts with present contract schools for the education of Indian pupils during the fiscal year ending June 30, 1901, but shall only make such contracts at places where the Government has not provided facilities for all the children of school age residing thereat, and to an extent not exceeding the number of children in at-tendance at said contract schools at the close of the fiscal year ending June 30, 1900." A lively discussion ensued, which demonstrated the fact that the sentiment for continuing Government contracts with the sectarian schools is by no means dead in Congress notwithstanding the action taken by that body on the subject some years ago, which was thought then to have settled the qnestion against such a policy. It is evident that Cardinal Gibbon's request that Congress reopen the whole question of appro-priations for Catholic Indian schools, made some time ago, was not without a good foundation for hope of its favorable reception there. The following is a press report of the discussion:Š "Mr. Thurston in charge of the bill, opposed the amendment, taking the position that the Government should pursue a policy of providing its own schools..  He deprecated any reopening of the question which six years ago had been a subject of disturbance and serious-discussion throughout the country. The matter, he thought, had been settled at that time by the adoption of a policy of reducing the appropriations for contract.  schools 20 per cent each year until the contract schools should have been abandoned entirely. He stated that the secretary of the interior had advised the committee that all Indian pupils could be provided for in the government schools. He deemed it the true policy of the Government to carry on Indian schools without reference to any religious sect. "Mr. Jones made a strong appeal for the adoption of his amendment. He said it was not a revival of the contract system, but was appropriation simply to permit the secretary of the interior to enter into con_ tract for the accommodation of the Indian pupils who could not be accommodated in the government schools. He declared that if such an amendment was not. 