230 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. properly formed character to support it. The character that lay behind the senti-ment was shameful; and character, what- ever it be, will assert itself in the long run. That influence which formed the sentiment was no sooner broken than the whole " blessed work " was more than un- done. The sequel is thus told :Š A fashion indeed it was; and like a fashion it passed away. No sooner had the old king been carried to St. Denis, than the whole court unmasked. Every man hastened to indemnify himself, by the etoess of licentiousness and impudence, for years of mortification. The same persons who, a few months before, with meek voices and demure looks, had consulted divines about the state of their souls, now surrounded the midnight tables where, amidst the bounding of champagne corks, a drunken prince, enthroned between Dubois and Madame Parabere, hiccoughed out atheistical arguments and obscene jest. The early part of the reign of Louis XIV. had been a time of license; but the most dissolute men of that generation would have blushed at the orgies of the Regency. The Puritan Parliament tried the same thing.in England, and with the Ł same result. It was resolved " that no person shall be employed but such as the House shall be satisfied of his real godliness." " And the consequence was that a crowd of impostors, in every walk of life, began to mimic and to caricature what were then regarded as the outward signs of . sanctity. . . . The Restoration crushed for a time the Puritan party, and placed supreme power in the hands of a libertine. The political counter-revolution assisted the moral counter-revolution, and was in turn assisted by it. A period of wild and desperate dissoluteness followed. Even in remote manor houses and hamlets the change was in some degree felt; but in London the outbreak of debauchery was appalling." These examples teach the important truth that, law without character to sustain it is of no value. And with this belongs the other equally important truth that the only legitimate and proper work of the Church is not the making of laws, but the building up of sound and sym-metrical character. Let the churches of the United States learn this lesson and practice it, and they will do far better than they can do by all the efforts that they can ever make to secure the enactment of Sunday laws or any other. A. T. J. National Reform in Brazil. THE Roman Catholic bishops have is-sued a letter to their clergy and faithful, which they have distributed throughout the republic. It contains eighty-six large octavo pages, and is divided into three parts;  as follows:- 1. What is our opinion in regard to the separa-tion of Church and State, which has been decreed by the provisional government ? 2. What is our opinion in regard to the freedom of worship given to the sects ? 3. What is our duty in regard to the new situa-tion of the church in Brazil ? In the introduction to their letter, the bishops say :Š What will become of you, dear people of Brazil, if you should also be deprived of your faith, and be left without God; without God in the family, with-out God in the schoolhouse, without God in the government and public offices, without God in the last moments of life and in death, yea, even in the grave without God ? We want individuals, families, and society to keep faithfully the Decalogue, which observance, as Le Pluy says, is the secret of the stability and well-being of families, of the regeneration of races,- of the honor and splendor of great, prosperous nations. This has the genuine National Reform ring. The idea is that unless the govern-ment fosters religion the people are, to some extent, deprived of it; the nation is godless, the schools are godless, and the people are without God even in death! This is simply saying that every man's personal relation of faith and obedience to God is dependent upon the action of the government under which he happens to live; if the government is Christian the citizen may be Christian; if the gov-ernment is pagan the citizen must also be pagan ! It is an appeal to prejudice instead of reason. All can see how absurd such an  idea is when 'advocated by Romanists in" Brazil; but it is not one whit more absurd than is the same idea among Prot-estants in this country. Sunday Saloons. WE have noticed from time to time the opposition on the part of Roman Catholic ecclesiastics to Sunday dram-selling, and the Catholic Home is quoted as follows There is not a parish in Chicago where the Sun-day saloon has not been the ruin of hundreds of the most promising and the brightest boys that made their first communion in the parish church. There is not a parish priest in this city but can furnish along catalogue of young men and married men whose loss of character, of self-respect, of faith and virtue, whose downfall and probable damnation can be laid at the door of the open Sunday saloon. Is there any Catholic father or mother who mourns the per-version of a son, any Catholic wife whose husband abandons his home for the Sunday saloon, but would rejoice to see these places of temptation closed? Who are they who clamor for the open Sunday saloon ? Hard drinkers, inebriates, deb-auchees, and those who minister to their vices, and grow rich on the misery of wrecked lives. We very much fear that the only way to make a. final riddance of the Sunday saloon is to clear out the Monday saloon, the Tuesday saloon, the Wednesday sa-loon, and all other saloons. A rattlesnake which is allowed to bite six days in the week, will need considerable watching to keep him quiet on the seventh day. The great Catholic Congress in Baltimore has decided to favor the licensing of the saloon. The particular form of license which they favor is " high license," but it is license all the same, and sets the seal of file State's permission upon the business by making drunkards, and provides every drunkard with all the strong drink he can pay for. So long as the saloon runs six days in a week, men will love strong drink, and when they have drank for six days it will be hard to choke them off on the seventh. It might be a mercy to muzzle a mad dog one day in. a week, but it would be far wiser to cut off that dog's tail just behind his ears.ŠThe Safeguard. , Ł Ł  THE following paragraphs are from an. editorial article in the Denver Daily News of June 17:Š Dr. Wilbur F. Crafts, who in behalf of the American Sabbath Union has been canvassing the country in support of the Blair Sunday Law now pending in Con-gress, spoke to three Denver audiences last Sunday, and his position was well summarized in yesterday's News. Dr. Crafts has studied his subject closely and has become an adept in presenting it in plausible garb. Conscious of the incon-gruity of attempting religious legislation in this stage of United States history, he has earned diplomatic honors for the clev-erness with which he maintains the propo-sition that his idea of Sunday rest, en-forced by law, would not be religious leg-islation. The difficulty arises when we come to define rest and specify what may, and what may not be done. It would be interesting to catechise Dr. Crafts on that subject in the presence of one of his large audiences. When he approaches it he has a habit of generalizing, and if he becomes specific he hastens his gait and touches points lightly. It needs no analysis, however, to see the drift of the legislation lie advocates. He would have the civil power enforce a re-ligious conception of Sunday observance, save that he would forego compulsory at-tendance at church. He would ostracize Sunday amusements, no matter how in-nocent; and entertainments, no matter how instructive. He would interdict the masses of city population from going to any suburban resort on the only day of the seven when it is in their power to breathe country air. Just where he would draw the line who can tell-? Dr. Crafts refers to the Sunday legis-lation on the statutes of many of the States as proof that public opinion would sus-tain the legislation he wants. It is true that many laws are in existence which do not accord with the grand conception of religious liberty that was entertained by the founders of our Government, and that was given expression in the national Con-stitution for Federal guidance. But Mr. Crafts might have added that in most cases such laws have no force, no atten-tion being paid to them; which is a truer indication of popular sentiment. Religious freedom to- the churches and church people consists in the right to be protected from annoyance, and to others in the right to enjoy Sunday rest accord-ing to their own judgment. 