282 AINII11-4,1L-LICA_NT VoL. 8, No. 36. Protestant and Christian principle and have adopted the principles of Rome instead. Their apostasy is complete, and there remains only the appearance of the bitter but inevitable fruits of it. AND not only the appearing but the gathering of the bitter and destructive fruit of this apostasy is at the threshold. That this may be plainly seen by all, let us glance at the situation as it is to-day. This step was taken, this act was done, and this interpretation of the scripture, was made by Congress, at the dictation and under the threats of the professed Protestant churches of the United States, aided by the Catholic Church, in this controversy between Protestant sects, as to which day is the true Sabbath. Those who keep Sunday demanded that Congress should decide in their favor and fix in the law of the land their interpretation of the Sabbath commandment. Congress yielded to their demand. And now they have declared that this "settles the Sabbath question." They were able to make their influence felt in Congress in a sufficient degree to accomplish their will in this matter ; and having accomplished their purpose, they now declare that that ques-tion is " settled." Bur all the questions between Catholics and Protestants are not settled yet. Now suppose some question arises between the Catholics and these same Protestants, and suppose the Catholic Church is able to exert sufficient influence to secure the decision of Congress in her favor. What, then, can these Protestants say ? If they propose to deny the right of Congress to decide any such question, the Catholics can simply tell them: " You did not deny the right of Congress to decide a contro-versy between you and other Protestants. So far from denying the right of Congress to do this, you Demanded it. If Congress was then competent to decide a contro-versy between Protestant sects, it is now competent to decide 'between Protestants and Catholics. When Congress decided in your favor there, you gladly claimed the decision and declared that that settled that question. Now Congress has decided this question in our favor, why does not this settle this question ? If a decision of Congress in your favor settles a question, why is it that a decision of Congress in our favor does not settle a question ? Then Congress adopted your view and fixed it in the law ; you said that was right, and we say so too. Now Congress has adopted our view and has fixed it in the law ; and we say this is right. You did that with our help. You said it was right, and we say so too. We did this without your help, and we say it is right. And you cannot deny it." WHAT can these Protestants answer ?ŠNot a word. Their mouths will be com-pletely stopped. And just then they will find out how completely they have sold themselves into the hands of Rome, in the doing of this which they have already done. NOR is such a controversy a far-off thing. It is at hand in more shapes than one. One point is already raised. It came about in this way : In 1885, by a scheme of the Catholic Church, the Catholic Church and about fourteen professed Protestant churches secured donations of money from tho treasury of thp, United States  aid them in carrying on their missionary work among the Indians. And at the very first move the Catholic Church ob-tained more money than all the Protest-ants put togetherŠthe Catholics $118, 343, and all the others together only $109, 916. The second year the Catholics got $194,-635, while all the others got but $168,579; the third year the Catholic Church got $221,169, while all the others got only $155,095 ; the fourth year the Catholic Church got $347,672, while all the others together got but $183,000 ; the fifth year the Catholic Church got $356,967, while all the others got only $204,993; and the sixth year the Catholic Church got $400,-000, while all the Protestants together got but the same, $204,993. Thus starting almost even, in only six years the Catholic Church succeeded in increasing her por-tion of the public money to almost double that of all the others togetherŠand this while the others were increasing theirs all the time too. IN 1889 an effort was made by the Har-rison administration to stop all such ap-propriations of public money; hut it was obliged to confess openly on the floor of the United States Senate, by Senator Dawes, that it "found it impossible to do that." When it was found impossible to stop it, it was next proposed to stop as much as possible, and allow no increase to any, over that which they had received the year before. With this the Protest-ants were content. Not so the Catholic Church, however. She wanted more, and more she would have, and more she got. But how could she get more when the administration was opposed to it ? Oh ! that was no particular hinderance to her. She simply ignored the administration altogether and went into the House of Representatives in Congress and got $32,-000 added to her share of the year before; and when the bill went to the Senate she went there too, and got $12,000 more added, making $44,000, which she secured that year in addition to her share for the year before, and this in spite of the admin-istration, and in spite of the "protests" of all the Protestant churches engaged in the matter. For, as soon as these churches learned that the Catholic Church was getting all this increase while they were getting no increase, they all began to protest" against it. But their protest amounted to nothing, because they were taking money from the public treasury at the same time, and they protested only because she was getting more than they were. But they kept up their "protest" and succeeded in reducing the appropria-tions to themselves to the amount of $48,647, and to the Catholic Church to the amount of only $31,432, so that for the year, 1892, the Catholic Church got $369,535, while all the others together got only $156,346Šthe Catholic Church is now getting more than two dollars, to one dollar paid to the Protestants. WELL, the Protestants seeing that the Catholic Church was beating them at every turn, even when they had the whole Harrison administration on their side, have now taken another tack and propose to take no more public money at all. The Methodist, the Episcopalian, the Congre-gationalist, and the Baptist churches have all refused to take any more; and leading men in the Presbyterian Church are trying to get that church to refuse likewise. The object  pf tills is to lawve 411 t149 F1.01  estant churches refuse to receive any more public money, and then together raise one united cry against any appropriation to the Catholic Church. But here again they will find themselves defeated and sold into the power of Rome by the selfish blunders which they themselves have already made. First, when they declare it wrong to make appropriations of public money to churches, the Catholic Church can reply : " You yourselves took public money in direct appropriations for from six to eight years straight ahead. If it is wrong, why did you do it ? We all began it at the same time. If you have since found out that it is wrong, it does not follow that I should acknowledge it to be wrong. Even if you do think it wrong, /am not obliged to accept your view. I do not think it wrong. The Catholic Church says that it is right that the State should support the Church." And what answer can the Protestants make ?ŠJust none at all. Again, the Catholic. Church can argue thus: "The Supreme Court of the United States has unanimously declared that ' this is a Christian Nation.' As the start-ing point and leading proof of this, the court has cited ' the commission to Chris-topher Columbus,' prior to his sail west-ward, from `Ferdinand and Isabella, by the grace of God, King and Queen of.  Castile,' etc., which recites that it is hoped by God's assistance some of the continents and islands in the ocean will be discovered.' Now the religion intended to be propagated by Ferdinand and Isa-bella was the Catholic religion. The re-ligion which Columbus revered and which he hoped to be the instrument of spreading abroad, was the Catholic religion, and that alone. Therefore, as this royal docu-ment is adduced as evidence that this is a religious people' and a Christian Nation;' as the only religion contemplated or considered in connection with the docu-ment or its purposes was the Catholic re-ligion ; as all but Catholics are heretics and not Christians ; it follows that the religion of this Nation is the Catholic re-ligion, and that this is a Catholic Christian Nation. It is therefore perfectly proper and right that the Catholic Church should be supported, and the Catholic religion propagated, under national authority and from the national funds." And, again, what can the Protestants answer ?ŠJust nothing at all. The fathers of this Republic told them long ago that "the same authority that could establish Christianity in exclusion of all other religions, could establish with the same ease any particular sect of Christians in exclusion of all other sects." For this reason the Government was for-ever forbidden to recognize any religion. This wisdom these Protestants disregarded. They asked for years that the Christian religion should be recognized as the na-tional religion. They rejoiced when this Supreme Court decision did establish the. Christian religion as the national religion in exclusion of all other religions. And now when it results in establishing the Catholic sect of the " Christian religion " in exclusion of all other sects, they can have but themselves to blame for it. They cannot deny that such an argu-ment by the Catholics upon the Supreme Court decision would be strictly logical. Neither can they call in question the right-fulness of the decision itself, for the reason that they themselves have already used that decision to their own advantnge in inAueRt3ing Congress tigt recognize Sunday 