34 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. have it all done at once. This view is now super-seding the old one. It comes, therefore, strictly within our province to show from the Scriptures that such a result as they look for is chimerical in the highest degree. 1. In the first place, it is contrary to all the history of the past, that all the world should ever be converted. It is true that the gospel is the power of God unto salvation, but it is only so to those who believe; and there is no more reason to suppose that all the world will believe in this age, than that all should believe in sonic past age. The gospel was as much the power of God unto salvation in the days of Noah, and of Abraham, and of the apostles, as it is now, yet but very few of the inhabitants of the world believed in those days. This is not because the gospel was at fault, but because men would not believe. If all men would believe, the gospel would save them from sin ; but it is not the work of the gospel to force men to believe. "Whosoever will, let him take the water of. life freely," is the gospel cry; but the mass of mankind have ever been the willing servants of sin, and so their minds have been blinded to the glorious light of the gospel. All men might have been healed, both in body and soul, when Jesus was on earth, if they had cared for the simple yet glorious truths which he spoke; but he was compelled mournfully to say, even to his own people, "Ye will not come unto me, that ye might have life." The preaching of the apos-tles, fired as it was with the zeal of Pentecost, was able to turn but very few of the people of the world to righteousness. Are they not presump-tuous, then, who imagine that they can accomplish what never has been accomplished? 2. Jesus said to his disciples : " enter ye in at the strait gate; for wide is the gate, and broad is the way, that leadeth to destruction, and many there be which go in thereat; because strait is the gate, and narrow is the way, which leadeth unto life; and few there be that find it." Matt. 7: 13,14. The reason why so few will be saved, is because so few want to be, and not because of any lack on the part of God or his gospel. The way to life is narrow; that is, there is only one way to do right; but the way to death is broad; for there are many ways of doing wrong. It is much easier, much more in accordance with natural in-clination to do wrong, and God has foreseen that most people will follow their own inclination. It has ever been so, and the Scriptures declare that it will be so to the end of time. 3. Paul, wrote to Timothy, and through him to us, as follows:Š "This know also, that in the last days perilous times shall come. For men shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blas-phemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, un-holy, without natural affection, truce-breakers, false accusers, incontinent, fierce, despisers of those that are good, traitors, heady, high-minded, lovers of pleasures more than lovers of God; having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof." 2 Tim. 3 :1-5. Here is a list of sins almost identical with those ascribed to the ancient heathen (Rom. 1:28-32), and all are to be prevalent in the last days. Surely this does not look as though the church is to be able, either by legal or moral suasion, to correct the existing evils of society. 4. We have a still stronger testimony than this. In Christ's discourse upon the time of his second coming, he said:Š "And as it was in the days of Noe, so shall it be also in the days of the Son of man. They did eat, they drank, they married wives, until the day that Noe entered into the ark, and the flood came and destroyed them all. Likewise also as it was in the days of Lot; they did eat, they drank, they bought, they sold, they planted, they builded ; but the same day that Lot went out of Sodom, it rained fire and brimstone from" heaven, and de-stroyed them all. Even thus shall it be in the day when the Son of man is revealed." Luke 17:26-30. Since the world when the Lord comes is to be like it was in the days of Noah and Lot, it is go-ing to grow worse instead of better, for "the men of Sodom were wicked and sinners before the Lord exceedingly" (Gen. 13: 13), and before the flood "God saw, that the wickedness of man was great in the earth, and that every imagination of the thoughts of his heart was only evil continu-ally." Gen. 6: 5. If space allowed, we might add many like Scripture testimonies, but these are sufficient. The true church, as our correspondent says, is indeed composed of all those who truly believe in the Lord Jesus Christ, and who by virtue of their faith in him are regenerated, and made new creatures; but it is not the province of the church to correct the evils of society. When the church gets that idea, it begins to pass laws to make men religious, or rather, to make men act as though they were religious, and then it ceases to be the church of Christ. The church is simply to be a light to the world, to exhibit the character of Jesus. But if the church begins to use the civil power to carry forward its work, it ceases to represent Christ, for he did not do so. The gos-pel is to be preached in all the world for a,witness unto all nations, and with that its work ceases. A witness is not a prosecutor, nor a judge; and when the existing evils of society shall be cor-rected by the destruction of them that corrupt the earth, the gospel will have ceased its work. Sentence is never pronounced nor executed until after the witness has finished his testimony. And so those who think that to punish men for not serving God, is a part of the gospel, show that they do not know what the gospel is. They,  cease to be ambassadors for Christ, and usurp the place of Christ himself, as judge. The few Scripture texts and arguments that have been given are sufficient to show the fallacy of the whole of our friend's letter. It is Christ himself, and not the church, that is the rock that is to grind men to powder. It is not by the con-version of the whole world, against their will, that the earth is to be made the abode of peace, but by the utter destruction of those who will not obey God. The kingdoms of this world are to become the kingdoms of our Lord and of his Christ; but it is God the Father, and not the church, that gives them to the Son. And when they are given to him, it is not as converted na-tions, asking "What is the word that cometh forth from the Lord?" but it is as thorns fit only to be burnt; "reprobate silver," because the Lord hath rejected them, to be "broken with a rod of iron, and dashed in pieces like a potter's vessel." We would only add, in closing, that the Con-stitution of the United States is not conformed to the divine. If it were, we should not want it pre-served as it is. Not because we are not in har-mony with the divine constitution, but because we don't think men are capable of administering a divine constitution. The amendment prohibit- hag slavery was in the line of simple justice be-tween men, and for the good of society. We believe in a divine Government, and it is our highest aim to be loyal subjects of it; but we don't want it administered by human deputies, and we are glad to know that God does not rule by proxy, but executes his own decrees. The work of the SENTINEL is no less to keep people from laying profane hands on sacred things, than it is to preserve the American Constitution as it is; and so, while we are laboring in the interest of human rights, we are to the same extent labor-ing for the preservation of the purest Chris- tianity. E. J. W. An Enemy in the Rear. THE Interior, of Jan. 24, has an article entitled, "Fortify the Weak Point," which strikes a blow at our public school system, and shows the relig-ious trend of the day toward political preferment and ultimate control of the Government. It says :Š " The swing of = the educational pendulum toward secularism has proved disastrous both to State and ChurchŠto the church in an alarming scarceness of consecrated workers ; and to the State in an alarming increase of heartless dema-goguesŠand it is time it was swinging back into the atmosphere of Christian morals. It may not bring the public schools with it; but, to succeed, it must produce a system of well-equipped, Chris-tian academies." And these academies, or intermediate schools, must be such "that will not divorce God in na-ture from God in redemption." And this would be all right, were it not designed to " run out"Šso to speakŠthe public schools. The writer closes thus, and herein reveals his true animus :Š "Let that work be pushed with persistent en-ergy; but, in addition, let us outflank the enemy, and take his fortified position by tapping the pub-lic schools low down, and turning the current into Christian intermediate schools, thence into our colleges and seminaries. In that way we will be more likely, at last, to capture the powers that be' for religion." And then, woe to the heretic who dares to oppose those "Christian" powers. It is Rome right over again. The people have been led to think that the Catholic Church is the only foe of the public school system; but this is not so. De-generate Protestantism is anxious to emulate her example. Papal Impudence. THE following item from Montreal, dated Jan-uary 11, shows the aggressive impudence of the Roman hierarchy in all its native ugliness:Š "A sensation in political and religious circles has been caused here by the action of Cardinal Taschereau, in demanding and receiving a place in Parliament equal in rank and dignity to that of the Lieutenant-Governor and the direct represent-ative of the Queen. Before Parliament opened, invitations were sent to the Cardinal and his clergy to be present at the formal opening yesterday. His Eminence replied to Coleman, usher of the Black Rod Hall, refusing to accept the first seat on the floor, which had been assigned him, demanding, as a right of the representative of the Pope, and ac-cording to the rules of the Church of Rome, that he be seated on equality with, and directly oppo-site the representative of the Queen. "The speaker of the Senate had a consultation with Premier Mercier, and the conclusion was come to that the Prince of the Church had to have what he demanded, or the vengeance of the Church would be visited upon the heads of the Govern-ment in no light manner. "Couriers hastened to inform his Eminence that no slight was intended, and that a provision would 