778 AMERICAN SENTINEL. pulpits, from January to DeCember, by the most power-ful and eloquent mission preachers in the land. "In reaching the conclusion to make the year 1899 memorable in the history of the Catholic Church in Amer-ica by this long series of missions, Bishop McDonnell be-comes the first American bishop to take definite action with relation to the desire of the pope on the question, as is evinced in the following letter from Cardinal Jacobini, secretary of the Congregation for the Propagation of the Faith; which was addressed to the bishops throughout the world a short time ago:Š "`You have doubtless become aware of the project, advanced by a number of men of great piety, to get the faithful throughout the universe at the close of the pres-ent century to affiima in a solemn manifestation, by a series of religious exercises, their love and gratitude to the all-powerful Redeemer of, the human race. "`The design of these men in this initiative was to respond to the desire of our Holy Father, Pope Leo XIII, who wished to consecrate the epoch of transition from one century to another by an extraordinary invocation of the divine assistance of Jesus Christ as a happy pre-sage of peace and control. . . "`Here, assuredly, is a noble task, and I own that I am proud and happy to undertake it. For what could be more agreeable to my feelings than the occasion so favorably presented to me at the end of my days to em-ploy all the strength that is still left me in promoting the glory of our SaviourŠall the more, too, in these last days of a departing century. And what a century has been this of ours, in which proud men, relying on a sci-ence unworthy of the name, and displaying an activity which might be,called feverish, have carried their auda-cious temerity to the extent of calling in question the origin of Christianity, or even presenting as a fiction, as a lying legend, faith in the divine person of the Sav-iour. `Ł Wherefore we shall fervently strive to make repa-ration for the great injuries done to our Master, to ap-pease God's anger by our prayers, to exalt in paens of praise the holy name of Jesus Christ, who is the splendor of the glory and the perfect image of the substance of God. Such shall be the task in which we shall set forth all our zeal at the dawn of the new century."' There is plenty of evidence that the close of the cen-tury will be ,a stirring time in every quarter of the civil-ized world. The forces of evil, of error, intolerance, and despotism are everywhere on the aggressive; and the cause of liberty needs the active, earnest endeavors of every one of its friends. 111- -4 -4- "Is the state fitted to teach morality? If not, why? Since it is proper that people should rest on the Sabbath day, why should not the state oblige them to do so? What is the state, and how did it originate? MR. D. S. JAMES, of North Loup, Neb., who has sent us a goodly number of new subscribers, writes in a late note: "The SENTINEL has done more for me than any other paper I ever saw." WE publish this week the first of a series of "Lessons in French History," written especially for this depart-ment of the SENTINEL, and which will continue through the greater part of the coming volume. We believe par-ents and others will see in them just the thing to interest the youth in those principles and events a knowledge of which will be invaluable to them at this time. Read the first one and see if you do not agree with us on this point.-EDITOR. Lessons in French History.L-I. CHARLIE WHITE came in from school one day in high spirits. "0 mother ! Professor Carman is going to do the jolliest thing! He is going to begin to-morrow to give the girls and boys in our grade short talks on French his-tory. We are to have note books and take down the most important thoughts at the close of the study, or while it is going on. He says we can learn history this way, and he hopes it will be a pleasure to us instead of a drudgery. 'Course I'm only fourteen, but it's time I knew more about the nations of our world than I do; don't you think so, mother?" and Charlie stoppedŠhis enthu-siasm had not allowed him to do so soonerŠto take a long breath and await his mother's answer. "Well, my boy, I'm sure I am much pleased with the idea, for I think French history is especially important for all to be well versed in just now ; I hope you will be as well pleased all the time the study lasts." - "0, I know I will, mother. But what makes you think the history of France so important just now?" "Because the indications are quite plain that our own government is fast following in her track, and to be 'fore-warned is to be forearmed,' you know." "But mother," said Charlie, who had always had a great longing to be a soldier, "I thought you did not be-lieve in Christians arming themselves to fight." "0 no, Charlie, I don't mean that; but if we know what is coming, in advance, it will help us to be prepared. That is why our Saviour taught us to watch the signs of the times; it is why he told his disciples about the de-struction of Jerusalem, so that those who believed in him might hurry to a safe place outside the walls." "Well, I'm glad he's going to do itŠprofessor, I mean Š'cause, you see, Rob Billings and I are pretty stupid in 