366 A.10/11E IEL CAIN- lb..41‚Tvr EA. VOL. 9, No. 46. St. Louis, published in the Christian Oracle of Chicago, July 13, 1893, is worthy a place by the side of the noble utterances of Mr. Campbell:Š I am opposed to Sunday legislation. It is contrary to our Constitution and to the New Testament. On the same principles I am opposed to the American Sab-bath Association (Union). It is itself anti-American and anti-evangelical. It is the same thing in principle that Mr. Campbell opposed in the moral societies of Washington County, Pennsylvania, seventy-five years ago. I stand by the principles of this great man on this question. In respect to seeking the aid of the State in maintaining its pet notions and institutions, Protestants are scarcely a whit better than Catholics. In seeking the aid of the national legislature to prevent worldly men from " desecrating the Sabbath," Protest-ants are doing the same thing they condemn in Catholics. Both Protestants and Catholics are wrong in this re-gard, and if either party succeeds, it will bring ruin to both our civil and religious liberties. May God defeat them both. Let us fight out the question of religion and of observing holy days, and especially the Sunday question, with the " sword of the Spirit, which is the Word of God, ' and not with the sword of Ctesar. Another Christian minister, Dr. James A. De Moss, writing in the Christian Standard, of Aug. 12, 1893, offers the fol-lowing courageous protest against the part his denomination took in securing the law closing the World's Fair on Sunday: What have we done ? Our plea for apostolic Christianity, our plea for Christian union, our work and labors throughout the whole restorative movement for Christianity pure and unalloyed, our fights upon all things that bear the marks of Romanism, are marred by our action in the Sunday question that has been under agitation, and will be agitated for a few years yet to be. It seems now that we list to the misapplied Sabbath-day,--misapplied by the "infallible pope," and re-ceived as righteousness by the sectarian world. We excuse this action by differential statement, designat-ing it the "civil Sabbath:' What has constructed or made a " civil Sabbath " ? ŠLaw. Who makes law 2ŠMan. Who made the Sabbath 2ŠGod. For whom did he make it ?ŠFor man. Can man make it for himself 2ŠNo. Then we bow before the force which takes the affairs of God into its own hands. Who is " above all that is called God ?ŠThe papacy. To when and to what do we bow in this question of the "civil Sabbath'' 2ŠTo the pope and to Romanism. There can be no doubt that this legislation upon the Sunday (Sabbath) question is a " mark of the beast " As a people who have vied in the creation and enforcement of this "Sabbath law," we have re-ceived upon our foreheads and upon our hands the "mark of the beast." We have not too much evi-dence that the first day of the week is the Lord's day; while we have conclusive evidence that the first day of the week is not the Sabbath day. If, as we infer, the first day be the Lord's day, then what authority have we to enforce the Lord's day upon the world, or expect its recognition by legal force ? Or by what authority do we assume to exact from other brethren by legal force the rights of honest, con-scientious worship on the only day embodied in the divine law ? Church and State should not be com-bined. Our glorious brotherhood must not assist in combining them. If we engraft (it has been engrafted) in law the first day " Sabbath," then, indeed, as all law, it must be enforced. Besides injustice to very good and honor-able people, we should know we have no right to en-force God's law upon the people that dwell in the earth, presuming it to be the Sabbath day, which we all know quite well it is not. As well might we exact a law to compel all men to be baptized, or fix in law what may constitute a Christian, or by law create Christians. A person out of Christ is no better by respecting, or being compelled to respect, a day of worship; for he is not spiritually or otherwise in the realm of worship, and therefore beyond the reach (jurisdiction) of God and the Church; still this carnal law, when enforced (and enforced it will be sooner or later), has gotten higher than God. What now is "higher than all that is called God " ? --Why, it is papal authority, 'unmistakable and cer-tain. And the " saddest' of all sad things " is that the Church of Christ has stultified itself in its actions in this matter, and taken one step backward toward Romanism. We have brethren who thoroughly understand this question, and this line of prophecy now under fulfill-ment, and know well these are facts we must confront. For shame! May not the general convention further compromise our position upon these questions, by in-dorsing our national legislation upon the subject, or giving support by resolution or otherwise to a " na-tional Sabbath "Šthe beginning of the union of Church and State in America, Rome Unchanged. HAS Rome changed ? Has she become the friend and advocate of religious free-dom ? In two of the leading countries of Europe she has lately answered this ques-tion. In Hungary, after opposing with all her strength the Civil Marriage bill, which narrowly escaped extinction at her hands, she fought against and defeated the Religious Liberty bill,Ša mild measure which granted to all denominations free-dom in the practice of religious rites. In Spain the consecration of a Protestant bishop of Madrid has called forth protests and denunciations from the papal primate of Toledo, and also from the papal nuncio, and the whole country is excited. All the Spanish bishops, it is said, have uttered their minds, declaring the act to be " an outrage on the traditional rights of the Spanish Church," and also " a violation of Art. XII. of the Constitution." Mean-while the head of the church, Leo XIII., from his seat of power and authority looks quietly on without a word of protest, or a syllable spoken in favor of that religious freedom of which the Catholic Church is alleged to be the friend and defender. No; religious freedom for Protestants is still an " outrage " upon Catholic " rights," and a " violation of the supreme law of the land." Consequently it is in order for the civil authorities in Spain to take the offenders in hand and deal with them as the law prescribes, or as it may be con-strued by a Catholic judge or jury. The only reason why this will (probably) not be done, is that enlightened public senti-ment, both in that country and elsewhere throughout Europe, lays a restraining hand upon such extreme exhibitions of religious bigotry. Notice, also, that since this " outra-geous" act is punishable as a violation of the civil law, such punishment cannot, according to the logic of some who call themselves Protestants, be considered reli-gious persecution, and as conviction and punishment for violations of the civil law was what sent Christians of the Dark Ages to the dungeon, the rack, and the stake, it follows from the same logic that Rome never really persecuted anybody, and that the millions of " martyrs " of that period were not martyrs, but only crim-inals. This is exactly what Rome claims. In this, as in other respects, she is the same to-day that she was then.ŠPresent Truth, London, England, October R5. How Roman Catholics Treat Converts From the Church of England. THE following letter from the Rev. A. Lambort, formerly a priest of the Roman Catholic Church. and now engaged in what is called the Pauline Mission, of this city, is of important interest, not merely as a confirmation of Cardinal Vaughan's statement, that no true Catholic recognizes the validity of the orders of the Church of England, but because of the names quoted :- 60 W. 106 St., New York City Oct. 4, 1894. Editor Christian Advocate: I have read your article, " The Measure They Mete Measured Unto Them," in The Christian Advocate of to-day. I am at_a loss to understand how Episcopalian ministers can lie so little posted in modern Church history as to believe that Rome recognizes the validity of Anglican orders. To quote but a few namesŠNewman, Manning, Oakeley, Faber, Garside, Bonus, Marshall; Bowden, St. John, Hutton, Oratorians ; Spencer, a Passionist; Anderdon, a Jesuit ; Lockhart, a Rosminian Father Ł Coffin, Bridget, Hall, Urquhart, Redemptorists; Baker a  Paulist; Preston, the vicar general of Cardinal Mc-CloskeyŠwho were once Episcopalian ministers, were not only reordained, but nearly all, if not all, rebap-tized, when they joined the church of Rome. They received "first tonsure," and went through the whole line of Romanist ordersŠporter, exorcist, lector, acolythe, subdeacon, deaconŠbefore being ordained priests of the church of Rome. Yours fraternally in the Master, A. LAMBERT. This process of Romanizing goes on constantly in the city of New York.ŠChristian Advocate. Significant Paragraphs. [We publish under this heading paragraphs more or less significant, without either approval or dissent, and without comment. The careful observer of the signs of the times will readily discern the pertinent facts and opinions, and will know bow to turn them to account in the great controversy between truth and error.] " Higher Criticism " Leads to Rome. NOTHING is nearer my heart than Chris-tian unity. Not only is the present pope earnestly looking forward to the time when Christian unity may come, but we see in the utterances of cardinals, arch-bishops, and bishops that the unity of Christendom is weighing on their hearts. There is nothing in the New Testament that prevents all of us from coming to-gether. For some years I have agreed with the authorities of the Catholic Church to a certain extent in the interpretation that they place upon the words, " Upon this rock will I build my church." Peter .was the first Christian to be put in place after Christ. Others follow after. Many of the terms in the Testament are really synonymous. They all teach Christian unity. ŠDr. Briggs, quoted in Presbyterian Observer, in an address on Christian Unity. National Reformism and the People's Party. THE prophet Daniel, standing on the mountain peak of prophecy, saw the great empires of earth (Dan. 2) come up and go down in succession, until a form of gov-ernment came on the stage that was to "stand forever." In this second chapter the permanent government is called the little stone cut out of the mountain with-out hands. In the seventh chapter the prophet had a view of the same govern-ments of earth rising and falling in suc-cession, until a permanent one came on the stage which is called the " Ancient of Days." This name alludes to the fact that it is to be a government modeled after the Hebrew republic in which the masses chose their rulers, and Moses instructed them to " choose men who fear God and hate covetousness." This " Ancient of Days," the prophet tells us to be a govern-ment in which the " people of the saints of the Most High should take the kingdom (government), and possess it forever and ever." We are now witnessing in this closing decade of the nineteenth century what the prophet saw ages ago. The people are moving everywhere in the civilized world, to take the governments. The principles of the Omaha platform are in perfect har-mony with the ten commandments and the sermon on the mount, while it is equally true that no man can vote for either of the old parties without thereby voting to sustain mammon worship. Therefore, my fellow-countrymen, the lines are drawn, the issue is before you. 