54 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. " The collective body of a nation or State, as politically organized, or as exercising political functions; also a corporation."Š Webster. All this is in perfect harmony with the Script-ures. When God speaks of a nation he speaks of "the whole body of people" who form the nation. When he speaks to a State he speaks to "the people who constitute the State." When he inflicts judgments upon a State, those judgments fall upon the people who compose the State. To prove this we need no better illustration than the text which, in this connec-tion, is doubtless more used than any other by the National Reform Party. It is this: "At what instant I shall speak concerning a nation, and concerning a kingdom, to pluck up, and to pull down, and to destroy it; if that nation, against whom I have pronounced, turn from their evil, I will repent of the evil that I thought to do unto them. And at what instant I speak concerning a nation, and concerning a king-dom, to build and to plant it; if it do evil in my sight, that it obey not my voice, then will I repent of the good, wherewith I said I would benefit them." Jer. 18 : 7-10. Thus it is the people who do the evil, and it is "unto them" that God pronounces to do evil; and when they "turn from their evil," then he turns from the evil he pronounced " to do unto them." In this same connection the Lord makes his own application of the principle which he has just laid down. Immediately following.the text quoted, he says: " Now therefore go to, speak to the men of Judah, and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem, saying, Thus saith the Lord; Be-hold I frame evil against you, and devise a de-vice against you: return ye now every one from his evil way, and make your ways and your doings good." Verse 11. Here God "framed evil" against the house of Israel, against the nation of the Jews, against the State of Judah, and the way to avert it was for the "men of Judah," and "the inhabitants of Jerusalem" " every one" to turn from his evil way. It would be impossible to more plainly show that, in the mind of God, and in the contemplation of the word of God, a State or nation is the people who compose it; that it is they indi-vidually who sin; and that it is to them indi-vidually, "every one," to whom the Lord speaks. When the Lord pronounced judgment against Babylon, it was thus: "A sword is upon the Chaldeans, saith the Lord, and upon the inhab-itants of Babylon, and upon her princes, and upon her wise men. A sword is upon the liars; and they shall dote; a sword is upon her mighty men and they shall be dismayed. A sword is upon her horses, and upon her chariots, and upon all the mingled people that are in the midst of her." " The violence done to me and to my flesh be upon Babylon, shall the inhabitant of Zion say; and my blood upon the inhabitants oy Ch,aldea, shall Jerusalem say." Jer. 50 : 35-37; 51 : 35. Ł To present other instances from Scripture would only be superfluous; the whole Bible is consistent herewith, and but confirms the cor-rectness of the definitions given, and the truth of the position which we .maintain, that the idea of a State having a personality, a will, a soul, and a moral responsibility of its own dis-tinct from the individuals that compose it, is  absurd. If a nation be wicked it is because the individuals who compose it are wicked; if it be righteous it is because the people, in their own individual moral relation to God, are righteous. When God exclaimed, "Ah, sinful nation" I it was because the people were "laden with in-iquity." Isa. 1 : 4. Thus it is clearly shown that the National Reform theory of a State is not only opposed to reason and common sense, but to established and authoritative definitions, and the word of God, as well. There is, however, in connection with a State, a body-politic, or a corporation, the merest shadow of that which the National Reform Party pushes to such absurd conclusions. It is this: All bodies-politic, whether they be States, banks, railroads, or corporations of whatever kind, are, by a legal fiction and " for the advancement of justice," given a personal-ity, but this personality " has no existence ex-cept in a figure." The definition is this:Š "A corporation is an artificial being, invisible, intangible, and existing only in contemplation of law. In certain respects and for certain pur-poses, corporations are deemed 'persons.' . . . But a corporation cannot be deemed a moral agent, and, like a natural person, be subjected to personal suffering. Malice and willfulness cannot be predicated of a corporation, though they may be of its members."ŠBoone's Law of Corporations. Such, and such only, is the true doctrine of the personality of a State. And yet this " in-visible," " intangible," " artificial" thing, this legal fiction, is the fundamental proposition upon which rests the whole National Reform movement! It is this sheer abstractioi which that Party proposes to push to such enormous conclusionsŠconclusions that are fatal to lib-erty, both civil and religious. Could anything possibly be more absurd ? Professor Pomeroy, the eminent law writer, says:Š " The State, as separated from the individuals who compose it, has no existence except in a figure; and to predicate religious responsibility of this abstraction is an absurdity." To predicate religious responsibility of this abstraction, is exactly what the National Re-form Party does; therefore the demonstration is complete, by every principle of logic and of law, that the National Reform movement is an absurdity. And that all may understand precisely what this demonstration amounts to, we append Webster's unabridged definition of an absurd- ity:Š " ABsuRDITYŠThe quality of being absurd or inconsistent with obvious truth, reason, or sound judgment." "ABSURDŠOpposed to manifest truth; inconsistent with reason or the plain dic-tates of common sense; logically contradictory." That is what we mean in this connection, and that is exactly what the National Reform movement is. A. T. J. MANY a dark chapter in history confirms the truth of the following remark:Š The experience of many ages proves that men may be ready to fight to the death and to persecute without pity for a religion whose creed they do not understand, and whose pre-cepts they habitually disobey.ŠMacaulay. State Theology. Ting term State means any distinct and inde-pendent body of persons occupying a given territory and united together under some form of civil government. The governmental organ-ization of a State for the purpose of enacting and administering law, is practically the State itself. It is such as the agent of its legal oper-ations. By the term theology is meant the science of God, embracing what is assumed to be known in regard to him and consisting sub-jectively in human beliefs with reference to the Supreme Being. What men thus believe is their theology; and if they believe in the doc-trine of God at all, the natural sequel is some form of religious worship. The combination of the ideas indicated by these terms gives a State theology, or a government in which the State asserts a legal doctrine or creed in regard to God, and stamps the same with its own author-ity. The State, then, is a theological State. Its opinions, whether in respect to God himself or the duty and mode of religious worship, form a part of its laws; and this distinguishes them from individual beliefs or convictions that rest merely on private judgment, and hence admit of no coercive enforcement. The natural and, as the most ample experi-ence shows, the sure result of State theology is either such an identification of Church and State that the two are practically the same thing, or such an intimate legal union of the two that they mutually act through each other. In the one case the State is the Church and the Church is the State; and in the other, though formally distinct as organisms, they are, never-theless, blended in a common set of functions in respect to religion. In both cases we have the union of ecclesiastical and civil powers, and in both we have religion with the sanction of the human law impressed upon it. Every State theology must necessarily have some specific character; and as to what it shall beŠwhether pagan or Christian, and, if the latter, whether Catholic or ProtestantŠthe State itself must be the judge. Its opinion on this subject it expresses through the edict of a king or the vote of a legislative assembly. It does the work of a theological professor, add-ing thereto the power of the civil arm. It teaches by command. Its dogmas are laws. All the reasons which demand or justify a State theology at all equally demand that it should be put into effective action. If it be the right and duty of the State to have a theology, then it is its duty to be governed by it and to gov-ern the people by it. The least that it can do is to devise the ways and means of asserting, perpetuating, and enforcing it. If it is worth anything it deserves this tribute. State pat-ronage, State disabilities or penalties for dis-senters, and State admin tration are the logical -corollaries. To this there can be no just ob-jection, since if the State ought to have a the-ology, then it ought to use the necessary means to maintain and administer it. It should see to it that not only the children in the public schools, but also the adult populationŠindeed, Ł all the peopleŠenjoy the benefits thereof. That would be a very queer theology which the State first adopts and legalizes and then leaves to 