MARCH 30, 1893. A..1011EatICAN SIENT'INTES_A. 06 Church and State, yet it seems doubtful whether he fully comprehends what con-stitutes a union of Church and State, for he says, " There is no union of Church and State in Canada,"Šwhile it is certain that such a condition virtually exists in Quebec, and as to the political status of the Church generally in Canada it is said in the Encyclopedia Brittanica," article Canada,Š The religion, laws, language, and customs of the French population were all guaranteed to them at the time of the cession of Canada to England ; and the rights and privileges pertaining to the Roman Catholic Church, among a population regarding its creed as their national religion, help to perpetuate essential differences by maintaining what is still practically an established if not a State Church. It is evident that when Mr. Charlton says there is no union of Church and State in Canada he speaks technically and takes refuge behind a distinction which is in reality not a difference. The purpose of his legislative measure is to build a doc-trinal structure upon the foundation which already exists. It would seem that it would not be as difficult a matter as to accomplish what has been done in the Congress of the United States toward the enforcement of Sunday observance by the central Government. It is certain, how-ever, that neither Canada nor England will be far behind the United States in the enforcement of common law religion. It can not be expected that there will be any step retraced in this matter. When it has become clearly evident to other Eng-lish speaking legislators that the United States has fully committed itself to a course of religious legislation, they will not hesitate to put into full operation the religious requirements always coun-tenanced by, if not an integral part of, their own governments. This relapse into medieval thought and methods is not to be for the United States alone. W. H. M. "The Reformation and Civil Liberty." IN a recent article in the Lutheran Quarterly, David H. Bauslin, D. D., of Springfield, Ohio, sets forth some views on " The Reformation and Civil Liberty," well worthy of serious attention. The key note of the article is struck in the first two sentences : " The genius of hu-man history is the providence of Almighty God. All genuine reforms which have marked the progress of this world's his-tory have been born of the world's deep needs : they have been answers of God out of the uttermost height to the human in its uttermost depths." " Behind the long series of external events," continues Dr. Bauslin, " which in their mere outward and visible succes-sion appear to be traceable to mere ordi-nary historical causes, the devout and thoughtful trace the workings of an Al-mighty hand which at one time touches the springs of human action, and at an-other permits or thwarts the plans of ambitious and designing men, and all for the accomplishment of designs, which at the time of their execution are incompre-hensible to men." " In no period of the world's history, since the days of the apostles, have the designs of this supernatural agency been more intelligible," says the doctor, and its workings more manifest, than in the striking circumstances, distinguished per-sonages and significant series of events, which are associated with that epoch- marking period known as the Reforma-tion of the sixteenth century. Ł . . Luther has been called the father of modern civilization.' He it was who emancipated the mind from ecclesiasti-cal bondage. He it was who pro-claimed that peculiar sort of freedom of thought without which it is easy to see that in spite of our boasted modern inventions, the spirit of the Middle Ages must have been prolonged indefinitely and the course of modern civilization, in con-sequence, been essentially different from what it has been. . . . Romance with all the grand figures of its Launcelots, its Arthurs and its Ivanhoes, furnishes no picture of such heroic courage, moral and physical, as Martin Luther nailing his theses, his declaration of the right of private judgment, to the door of the church in Wittenberg, or standing in the hostile presence of the Emperor of Ger-many and his magnificant array of kings, princes and barons, in the Diet of Worms, and to the demand that he recant an-. nouncing ' I can not and I will not recant a single word.' If it be said that the con-test of Luther was for religious rather than civil liberty, the ready answer is that civil and religious liberty are insep-arable ; and one can not live when the other dies." This is truth well stated; as is also the following sentence : " The religious free-dom which he [Luther] asserted, produced and marked out the way for the exercise of two other kinds of freedom which have been the most important factors in the progress of the last three hundred and fifty years, viz., freedom of the individual and freedom of the press." This is in fact but one kind of freedom, namely, individ-ual freedom: the press is but a mouth-piece of the individual, the creation of individual liberty. " Those were prolific ideas," says the Doctor, " which Luther projected into his times. Their strength and fervor pri-marily lie in their conception of salvation. They were the same ideas which gave their great power to the early preachers of Christianity. Luther did not accord-ingly spend all his time in fierce denunci-ations of imperialism and papal usurpation and bondage, but to the reaffirmation of the ideas of St. Paul regarding the grounds of hope for the soul's salvation. The Refor-mation thus in its first stages was a dis-tinctively religious movement, not a po-litical or moral one, although perforce of the religious ideas asserted it soon became both political and moral. Get rid of the Pope, said Luther, get rid of the priests, rid of all that stands between the individ-ual soul and God. Let God and the soul stand face to face. Let God and the soul know and be known to each other. Here I stand, I can do no other. God help me, for God commands me.' Faith, which brings a man into a face to face knowledge of God, and which brings justification, peace in the conscience where God lived, where God's voice was heard, believed and obeyedŠthis was the primary and fertile idea which set free and stimulated the energy, intellectual and moral of the indi-vidual and thus augmented the forces of which our civilization is the product. Luther gave back to the individual his proper autonomy; the right of private judgment, religious liberty,Šcall it what you will; it produced the growing respect for the rights of the individual, and the ampler room afforded for the unfolding of his powers, and for realizing his aspira- tions. It gave rise to such action and achievements in the field of civil action, as would have been impossible under the dominance of any other idea than that of the assertion of personal rights with re-spect to religion, the highest concern of man. The principles enunciated by Lu-ther at once fosterad a habit of mind which was thoroughly incompatible with a patient endurance of tyranny at the hands of the civil power." These are true words. It is only as men come to understand their individual re-sponsibility to God that they are enabled to have any just conception of their rights as accountable, rational beings. Account-ability and freedom of choice are insepar-able. Under the conditions which pre-vailed prior to the Reformation men had but little conception of accountability to God. The priests ruled them in things both temporal and spiritual and they cared only to know the will of the church and to have her approval. But the time came when they began to realize that they were accountable not to man but to God, and with that realization came the de-mand for freedom to exercise the right of private judgment and to choose, each individual for himself, how he should relate himself to God. Thus all liberty worth enjoying is due to the influence of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. C. P. B. A Telescopic Vision. IN commenting upon an attack lately made by a company of socialists upon a Roman Catholic meeting, at Roubaix, France, the Mail and Express says :Š Every man has the right to worship God accord-ing to the dictates of his own conscience, whatever may be the objectionable peculiarities of his wor-ship, so long as he does not violate the ordinary principles of morality or offer offense to the re-quirements of social order, or interfere with the free and full exercise of the same right by others. After describing the riotous acts of the mob the comment continues :Š This is the same spirit that animates the cruel and craven assaults upon the Armenians and Prot-estant missionaries by the Turkish Government, and the brutal and bigoted persecution of the Lu-therans, the Mennonites and the Jews, by the Russian Government. Such an attack upon a single honest worshiper is an attack upon all worship that springs from conscience and not coercion, and is in direct violation of not only the principles and precepts of Christianity, but also of the principles and laws of civilization. Why does the Mail and Express always cover its religious vision with a telescope warranted to disclose nothing within three thousand miles ? This country is full of the same spirit which has animated these assaults and prompted the persecutions which the Mail and Express enumerates. Scenes of violence and of persecution similar in character, have been enacted here. They have not been mentioned by the Mail and Express to deprecate them in any case; indeed the course which the Mail and Express takes in reference to coercion in religion at home directly tends to cause the very same acts which it de-clares to be, abroad, in direct violation of the principles and precepts of Christianity, and of the principles and laws of civiliza-tion. This is true; but it is no less true in this country than in France. If it is the theory of the Mail and Express that only the American Sabbath Union and its followers have a right to exercise coercion in religious matters why not say so 