.:. The Story of .:. itealrn rstand BY ROSALIND AMELIA YOUNG, A Native Daughter. PITCAIRN ISLAND, one of the volcanic gems of the Pacific, has been heard of wherever the English language has been spoken. The story of the working out of the problem of human life on its limited territory Reads stranger and more thrillingly in many respects than a romance. But most if not all of the tales told and books printed have either been too fragmentary, or incorrect and misleading. It will be hi-teresting to the friends of that miniature world to know that An Authentic History has been written, and that by a native of the island, one to the manor born. The title of the new work appears above. It is written by Miss Rosa Young, one of the direct descendants of the mutineers of the Bounty. The book, of 256 pages, is a plain, unvarnished tale of Pit-cairn and its inhabitants from its settlement to the yeas.  1894. It is written with a 0  Charming Simplicity of Style which refreshes the reader and invites a continued peru-sal. This work is illustrated with 26 engravings by the half-tone process, and its 23 chapters have each a neatly engraved heading. PRICE $1.00, POSTPAID. Thousands can be sold by those who will canvass their neighborhood. Address any State Tract Society, or Pacific Press Publishing Company, Kansas City, Mo. Oakland, Cal. New York City. SAFETY PENCIL POCKET. NEAT, CHEAP, SERVICEABLE. It perfectly secures pen or pencil in the pocket, so that it can not fall out when stooping. Can be easily and safely- attached to any part of the clothing. A small investment will prevent the loss of a valuable pen or pencil. PRICES. No. 1. No. 2. No. 3. No. 4. No. 5. No. 6. Russia leather, for 2 pens 3 " Sealskin, 2 if  3 c, Russia leather, for 4 " Sealskin, 4 " 10c. 15c. 15c. 25c. 25c. 40c. Sent by mail on receipt of price. We guarantee these pockets superior in every particular to sim-ilar styles formerly sold and still offered at much higher prices. PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 39 BOND STREET, NEW YORK CITY. A DICTIONARY of the BIBLE : COMPRISING ITS Antiquities, Biography, Geography, Natural History and Literature, WITH THE Latest Researches and References to the Revised Version of the New Testament, WITH EIGHT COLORED MAPS ŠAND-- FOUR HUNDRED AND FORTY ILLUSTRATIONS. By Wm. Smith, LL.D. Revised and Edited by REVS. F. N. and K. A. PELOUBET. Price, post-paid, . Ł - $2.00 PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO.: 39 Bond Street, New York City. Oakland, Cal. Kansas City, Mo. APRIL 23, 1896. SIENT N1EIL. 135 Innocent acts which the people have committed unmolested for generations have been by law declared to be as criminal as burglary, high-way robbery and larceny. It is no wonder that this produces a confusion of ideas; no wonder that dull, illogical children think that the crime of robbing is after all no worse than the harmless acts for which their parents and neighbors are raided and arrested. This is one explanation of the epidemic, and it may serve to show that the attempt to reform people against their will may some-times bring about the very opposite result to what was intended. THE SUPPORT OF A WORLDLY CHURCH. SAYS the Cincinnati Christian Leader, of April 14:Š Does the Church lean on the world for support? Measurably it does. The appeals for money which the Church makes to the world through all sorts of concerts and entertainments and festivals, which min-ister only to the emotions, imagination and appetite, and which are devoid of all spiritual aspirations, make the fact evident that the Church is leaning largely upon the world. Has it come to this, that the " Church of the First-born " is so selfish and covetous and niggardlyŠso lost to all sense of self-respectŠas to go cringing before an exacting world, and begging of saloonists and distillers of alcohol, and dancing masters, and sportsmen, and head men of theaters, and " society women " of bad repute, for a sordid pittance with which to run the ChurchŠinto shame and everlasting contempt! And it is precisely such a church that covets the power of the civil arm to maintain traditional observances which have no support in Scripture. Ł Air RELIGIOUS LIBERTY IN RUSSIA. [New York Independent, April 10, 1896.] JUST what the Russian State and Church think of religious liberty can be learned from the court proceedings at 'Ufa, where recently fourteen young people were charged with having denied the Orthodox faith and become Mohammedans. The defendants declared that they had never been Christians and did not want to be, and the investigation of the officials showed that their parents had indeed, many years ago, submitted to forced baptism and were entered in the church records as converts, but that the accused had been reared as Mohammedans. On the basis of existing laws the church declared that they had been guilty of a denial of Christianity, and decreed that they should be put into a cloister, and that their property should be confiscated until they would return to the Christian religion. Essentially the same principles of procedure and laws are in vogue in the dealings of the Orthodox Church with the Protestants of the three Baltic Provinces. A GRATIFYING DECISION. [Midland (Mich.) Republican, April 10, 1896.] IT is a most gratifying fact that the judiciary committee of the House of Representatives at Washington, after careful hearing of the argu-ments in favor of and against the proposed so-called "Christian" amendment to the Con-stitution of the United States, decided unani-mously not to recommend it. It is a propo-sition fraught with danger, and it is to be hoped it will take a long rest. One who earnestly favored it, Dr. McAllis-ter, editor of the Christian Statesman, was asked, "If the Bible is placed in the Consti-tution does it not become a part of the law of the land ?" He said, " Yes." Again: " If,  then, the Bible is the law of the land, must not the Supreme Court give its construction to the Bible as law ?" Again he said, " Yes." Then came this question: " If, then, the Supreme Court decides that the Bible Sabbath is Saturday and not Sunday, will not all citi-zens be compelled by law to keep Saturday instead of Sunday ?" This was a poser. The doctor did not like the idea of the Bible being construed by the Supreme Court, unless he could control the court, and the answer was not forthcoming. These few questions and sudden pause, show what a dangerous menace to the rights of conscience any such provision would be. Large Type ' I3 I E3 L. ft:  S For Those with Poor Eyesight We have many inquiries for a Bible of con-venient size to use and carry, and with large clear print. The Bible, specimen type of which is shown below, we think will meet the require-ments of the case. (Specimen of type shows only one column of the Bible. It is a two-column book like most Bibles, the full size of page being x 834 in.) Persons desiring such a Bible as The burnt offering EXOD 32 And Aaron and his sons shall eat the flesh of the ram, and the bread that is in the basket, by the door of the tabernacle of the con-gregation. 33 And they shall eat those things wherewith the atonement Specimen of Small Pica Type is Bible No. 173o; this are usually elderly persons, andwant simply the Scriptures themselves, without helps or refer-ences. This Bible contains a Family Register, Tables of Weights and Measures, and 16 excel-lent Maps, but has no references or other addi-tional matter. It is printed from clear, new, small pica type, and is bound in French Morocco, limp round corners and has gilt edges. Sent postpaid on receipt of price. Order by number. No. 1730. French Morocco, Limp Covers, Round Cor-ners, Side and Back Title in Gold, Gilt Edges, Postpaid, $2.00. Address, PACIFIC PRIiSS PUBLISHING CO. 39 Bond St., New York. Oakland, Cal. Kansas City, Mo. STEPS TO CHRIST, By Mrs. E. 0. White. We take pleasure in announcing an important and exceedingly helpful work, under the title of STEPS TO CHRIST. The rare ability of the author in the pre-sentation of Scripture truth has never been used to better advantage than in this little work. STEPS TO CHRIST is not alone suitable as a guide to the inquirer and young convert, but is rich in thought and sug-gestion for the most mature Christian. Some idea of its scope and practical character may be gathered from the following table of contents:Š THE SINNER'S NEED OF CHRIST. REPENTANCE. CONFESSION. CONSECRATION. FAITH AND ACCEPTANCE. THE TEST OF DISCIPLESHIP. GROWING UP INTO CHRIST. THE WORK AND THE LIFE. KNOWLEDGE OF GM THE PRIVILEGE OF PRAYER. WHAT TO DO WITH DOUBT. REJOICING IN THE LORD. The book is issued in a rich, neat cloth binding, em-bossed in silver, at 75 cents per copy; in white vellum cloth, silver edges, $1.00. Sent by mail, post-paid, on receipt of price. Address all orders to PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 39 Bond St., New York 18 W. Fifth St., Kansas City, Mo. 12th & Castro Sts. Oakland, Cal. 