"Equal and Exact Justice to all Men, of Whatever state or cersuasion, Feligious or Political." VOLUME 8. NEW YORK, MARCH 16, 1893. NUMBER 11. American Sentinel. PUBLIBBED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW Yon& Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN.  WILLIAM R. MC KEE. THE various propositions to have Con-gress legislate affirmatively for the open-ing of the World's Fair on Sunday are just as vicious in principle as that which has prevailed to close the Fair. The dif-ferent bills before the Pennsylvania legis-lature, in reference to the Sunday law of the State, to reduce the fine, and legalize certain forms of business, come within the same category. CONGRESS had no right to decree, either directly or indirectly, that the World's Fair should be closed on a given day, in deference to the religious views of either a minority or a majority. It had no more right to say that it should be open in opposition to the religious practice or belief of either a minority or a majority. The only possible course for Congress in this matter, and have acted within the principles of justice and the Constitution, would have been strict neutrality. THE same thing is true of legislatures. They have no more right to legislate affirmatively, in reference to any religious observance, than negatively. The meas-ures introduced in the Pennsylvania legis-lature,Što reduce the penalty affixed to the Sunday law of Allegheny County, and legalize the manufacture and sale of newspapers on Sunday, and the offering for sale of temperance drinks, etc.,Šwere just as uncalled for, and just as much beyond the proper legislative sphere as the original law of 1794 forbidding all labor, trade, and diversion, on Sunday. The right to make and sell newspapers, or to follow trade and labor in general, can not properly be restricted on Sunday for any reason which would not apply just as well on Wednesday; for as a matter of absolute right, all these are just as proper, and for that matter rightfully lawful, on Sunday as on other days, or on other days  as on Sunday, whether the legislature bid or forbid. In this case the assump-tion of despotic right to prohibit, pre-sumes the same despotic right of af-firmative command, if that should be the legislative choice. In Russia, this assumption has reached the stage of prac-tical experimental reality. WHo will acknowledge that the legisla-ture may rightfully command him to labor on Sunday under penalty of fine and imprisonment ? Who will agree that the State may reasonably and rightfully decree that he shall rest on Wednesday, and abstain from all secular occupation ? If the State may so decree as regards Wednesday, it may decree, if it so choose, that he must work on that day, or some other day, or all other days. Can it not be said that persistent and faith-ful labor by its citizens tends to the welfare of the State; it is a necessity for the support of the citizen himself; public policy therefore demands that the citizens should be required to labor ? The State, therefore, having assumed the right, for the benefit of the State and the citizen,Šas a matter of public policy, a police regulation,Što require the citizen to rest on Wednesday, may, if in its judg-ment changed social and economical or political conditions render it advisable, require him to work on Wednesday. The same reasoning from the same standpoint applies equally in either case; and is just as applicable to Sunday as to Wednesday. THERE is no distinction, then, in prin-ciple between the affirmative and negative Sunday law; both are equally iniquitous. Neutrality is the only just course. It naturally follows, therefore, that the same thing which is true of the Sunday law is also true of its exemption. That is so. The exemption pre-supposes the right to enforce upon others that from which the privileged party is exempt. In all reli-gious laws that is denied by the party ex-empted. There exists no right, in the first place, to make or enforce the law, consequently there can exist no right to exempt. The assumption of the right to exempt is a cumulative claim of the pro-priety of the original legislation and of State authority in the matter. It is, as it  were, creating an exception, that it may more conclusively prove the rule. Es-pecially is this seen when the fact is taken into consideration that all exemption clauses affixed to Sunday laws require the exempted class to strictly and conscien-tiously observe another day and be able to present such proof of this religious observance as shall satisfy the magistrate before whom they may be brought for violation of the Sunday law. The only apparent exception to this is in the enu-merated list of acts which cover the statutory interpretation of " works of necessity and mercy." What is this but the same law applied to another day ? There is a distinction in the days, but no difference in the requirement or the principle which is sought to be applied. THERE has been introduced in the legislature of Tennessee a bill which reads thus :Š An Act to prohibit interference with the Religious Rights or Liberties of Certain Classes of Persons: Section 1. Be it enacted by the General Assembly of the State of Tennessee: That Section 2289, of Milli-ken & Vertree's compilation of the statute laws of the State of Tennessee, be and is hereby so amended as not to apply to persons known as Seventh-day Baptists, Adventists, or any other persons whose religious faith teaches them to conscientiously believe that another day than the one generally observed by the people of the State is the proper one authorized by God as a day of rest. Provided that their usual avocations shall not interfere in any manner with the peace, quiet, or proper rights of others, and provided further, that said persons shall observe one day in each week as a day of rest, as commanded in the Scriptures. Section 2. Be it further enacted: That all laws or parts of laws in conflict with this act be and are hereby repealed. Section 3. Be it further enacted: That this act take effect on and after this passage, the public welfare requiring it. The impulse which has called out this measure is, in the highest degree, laud-able, and a credit to the humanitarian feelings of the legislator who presented it, and of those who advocate its adoption. But the impulse, unfortunately, has not sound and logical legislative principles upon which to base its action. In the first place, from a legislative point of view purely civil, it would be a mistaken course. When a wrong is done by the enforcement of statutory law, the true course for the legislature to take is not to legislate for the relief of each particular 