AMERICAN SENTINEL, 579 versed in the art of war, it is not difficult to see that both together will fill the earth with such war as never was. "While thus the nations are fulfilling the numerous scriptures which speak of the state of unrest and strife which is to'close the history of the earth, what is the reli-gious world doing to fulfill those scriptures which show that, before the coming of the Lord, the gospel of his kingdom will be preached as a witness to all nations ? There is something more important for all Christians than the questions of territorial extensions and political combinations which agitate men'sMainds. The gospel is for sinners, no matter where they are or who they are, and the order of the Lord to every believer is that his in-vitation shall be taken to them. Yet Europe alone spends a thousand times as much on war as all Christendom spends on missions." Helping Our Enemy. "Sunday School. Times." REVENGE is a poor investment. The best way to "get satisfaction" out of one who has injured us is to help him to be a less injurious sort of person. We cannot do this by scowling at him, turning our backs upon him, or retaliating against him. If he is affected with moral pov-erty, we must enrich him. If he is a small pattern of a man, we may help him to grow by setting before him a pattern of largeness. But our contempt is not likely to enrich him, nor to cause him to wax larger and nobler. The very best thing that we can do to our enemy is to afford him all the moral help in our power. To make him better is to better all who have anything to do with him.  Christianity. " GOD was in Christ reconciling the world unto him-self." The great trouble with men is that they have gone away from God, and have become enemies in their minds.  by wicked works. They have gone so far away that they have lost sight of God; their minds have become so confused that they have forgotten him; their eyes have become so blinded that they cannot see him; their hearts have become so perverse that they cannot discern him even though they be standing in his very presence. "There is none righteous, no, not one. There-is none that understandeth, there is none that seeketh after God. They are all gone out of the way; they are together -be-come unprofitable; there is none that doeth good, no,Ł not one. Their throat is an open sepulchre; with their tongues, they have used deceit; the poison of asps is under their lips. Whose mouth is full of cursing and bit-terness. Their feet are swift to shed blood; destruction and misery are in their ways, and the way of peace have they not known. There is no fear of 'God before their eyes." This is the kind 'of world that God had, and has yet, to deal with.' Yet in Jesus Christ he came and- dwelt among men to reconcile the world unto himself. He sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved. He made peace through the Wood of his cross that he might recon-cile all things unto himself. And you that were some-time alienated and enemies in your mind by wicked works, yet now hath he reconciled in the body of his flesh through death, to present you holy and unblameable and aanre-provable in his sight. Thus to a world steeped in sin, God brought reconcil-iation: with a world overwhelmed with rebellion he made peace. To the people of this world, God sends neither condemnation nor antagonism, but peace and reconcilia-tion only. In Jesus Christ is this peace and reconciliation given to the world. All who truly receive Christ truly receive this peace and reconciliation. And every one who re-ceives this peace becomes a peacemaker in the world and to the worldŠhe preaches only peace, peace to all, by Jesus Christ. Every one who receives this reconciliation, in it and with it receives also the ministry of reconcilia-tionŠhe antagonizes nobody, 'he condemns nobody, he ministers reconciliation to all, he persuades men to be reconciled to God. "All things are of God who hath reconciled us to him-self and hath committed unto us the ministry of recon-ciliation. To wit : that God was in Christ reconciling the world unto himself, not imputing their trespasses unto them, and hath committed unto us the word of reconcili-ation." "So then we 'are ambassadors for Christ, as though, God did beseech you by us: we pray you in Christ's stead, Be ye reconciled to God." Thus every Christialb is an ambassador for Christ to the world: he is an ambassa-dor of peace, an ambassador of reconciliation. No Chris-tian is ever an ambassador of condemnation, of legisla-tion, nor of law : every ChriStian is an ambassador of salvation, not condemnation; of justification, not legis-lation; of the gospel, not the law. Every Christian preacbes peace by Jesus Christ; for he is our peace and Lord of all. To the Christian is com-mitted no ministry but the ministry of reconciliation. To him is committed no word but the word of reconcilia-tion. No Christian has anything to do with governing or managing men: his business is solely to serve the Lord, to beseech other men to be reconciled to God, and to persuade them to serve the Lord. The bane of Christianity, and the curse of the world, ever since the days of the apostles, has been the consum-ing desire of professed Christians to "boss" other peoph and to control and run the world. But God did not send Jesus Christ on any such mission as that, nor has he ever sent any Christian on any such mission. For "as he is, so are we in this world." "We have seen and do testify that God sent his Son to be the Saviour of the world." And he never attempted 