124 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Studies in French History.-10. "LEr's see," said Charlie White to his friend Rob Bill-ings, "who was the last king professor told us about last week?" "Louis the VII., I believe," answered Rob, as he seated, ..himself by Charles' side, to wait for the other scholars to arrive. "O yes, I remember; and father said this morning .940 he was called Louis the Young." "I wonder why," said Charlie. "He couldn't always have been young if he reigned forty-three years, as pro-fessor says he did." "I expect they got into the habit of it. By the way, Charlie, the more I learn about France, the more anxious I am to go and see the place where these very things we are learning about happened." Ł "I think we will go, Rob, if we study hard." By this time the teacher was in his place, and, look-ing around upon the happy faces before him, began:Š "Louis VII., while going to Paris one day, received word of his father's death, and so suddenly the weight of the kingdom fell upon his young-shoulders. He however depended much upon that able counsellor of his father, Suger. "The first trouble which he had was with the pope. Pope Innocent II. took it upon himself to appoint one of his nephews to fill the position of a bishop who had died. Louis was old enough, though young, to know that he was trespassing upon his rights as king, and he at once appointed another man, and declared that no pope should take such a liberty with him, while he lived. So the pope was angry and excommunicated him. At last ir. the midst of his troubles, Louis took the town of Vitry. His troops set it on fire, and in this fire 1300 people perished who had fled to the church to save them-selves. The poor king was nearly crazed with grief, and so broken in spirit that he yielded to the pope without further trouble." "This is not very much like some of the earlier French kings, it seems to me Dagabert, for instance, that fellow who ordered 9,000 people to be killed 'cause he didn't know what else to do with them," said Edna Philips, whose memory seemed never to desert her. "Sure enough," said Professor Carman. "Now can you tell us, Edna, how long before Louis VII., Dagabert lived?" "It must have been over 500 years, I think, sir." "Well done. At last the king asked forgiveness of the pope, and decided to join St. Bernard in agitating the minds of the people, and getting them to start on an-other Crusade. You see King Louis felt in some way re-sponsible for the death of those people who were burned, and the foolish man imagined that if he would allow St. Bernard to fasten a red cross on him, and then if he would fight the Turks, that would atone for all his sins. "Louis' wife was so fond of popularity that she was among the first to wear the red cross. Suger remon-strated with Louis, but it was in vain, and the king raised an army of 100,000 men. This vast number was also supplemented by another army of people from all classes,Šmen, women, and even children." "What ! children go to war !" exclaimed Julia March. "What good did King Louis think it would do him or his cause to have women and children in his army? Really, professor, what did they go for?" "This is simply an example on a large scale of reli-gious fanaticism. History says that as soon as the word `Jerusalem; was mentioned, `the world in general became insane.' So you see as these idle crowds professed to be actuated only by a love of God, and a desire to help his cause, no one, not even the king, had the courage or the common sense either, to put a stop totheir going." "I believe the second crusade was a failure, if I re-member correctly. Is that true?" asked Charlie White. "Yes; it was a most miserable affair all around, and Louis was heartily sorry he had not listened to the advice of Suger." "How long did Louis stay in Palestine?" asked Joe Palmeter, pencil and note book in hand. "Only two years, Joseph, but they were years of mortification and unhappiness to the poor king. The Greeks had promised to help him, but failed, and the most of his brilliant' army was either massacred or sold into slavery. Then his queen. Eleanor demanded a di-vorce, because he had failed so miserably, and called him a coward. So after a while he yielded to her clamors, and both she and over half of the lands of the king passed over into the possession of Henry II. of England. "While Louis was king of France, he adopted a na-tional flag, called the Oriflamme. It was made of red silk, and it had tongues of gold on it. This was the flag of France for hundreds of years. "Philip II. began his reign at the age of fifteen. He took a descendant of Charlemagne for a wife, which pleased the French people very much. The great aim of Philip seemed to be to spite and annoy the king of Eng-land. He used to listen to his father and Henry as they would meet under a large oak tree, and he was keen enough to notice, young as he was, that his father was always outwitted by England's king. So Philip deter-mined that as soon as he got matters into his own hands he would make things lively for Henry." "I wonder if Charlie and I can't see that same old oak if we should visit France,Šoak trees stand and thrive 