THE .AMERICAN SENTINEL., 245 " While the Jews adhere, of course, to the letter of the original command to remember the seventh day of the week, there is also in the State a small but re-spectable body of Christians who consistently be-lieve that the seventh day is the proper day to be kept sacred; and in the case of Scoles vs. State, our supreme court was compelled to affirm a judgment against a member of one of these churches, for wor-shiping God according to the dictates of his own con-science, supported, as he supposed, by good theologi-cal arguments. It is very evident that the system now in force, savoring as it does very much of relig-ions persecution, is a relic of the Middle Ages, when it was thought that men could be made orthodox by an act of Parliament. Even in Massachusetts, where Sabbatarian laws have always been enforced with unusual rigor, exceptions are made in favor of per-sons who religiously observe any other day in the place of Sunday. We think that the law as it stood in Mansfield's Digest should be restored, with such an amendment as would prevent the sale of spirits on Sunday, as that was probably the object of re-pealing the above section." Now the Arkansas constitution says:Š " All men have a natural and indefeasible right to worship Almighty God according to the dictates of their own consciences; no man can of right be corn-pelled to attend, erect, or support any place of wor-ship, or to maintain any ministry, against his con-sent. No human authority can, in any case or man-ner whatsoever, control or interfere with the right of conscience; and no preference shall ever be given by law to any religious establishment, denomination, or mode of worship, above any other." This report of the Bar Association says: " In the case of Scoles vs. State, our supreme court was compelled to affirm a judgment against a member of one of these churches, for worshiping God according to the dictates of his own conscience." Thus the Bar Association of that State de- clare that the supreme court of that State confirmed a judgment against a man for doing that which the constitution of that State ex-plicitly declares that "all men have a natural and indefeasible right to do." And the members of the supreme court all being members of the Bar Association, in that unanimous report of the association they con- fessed that they confirmed a judgment against a man for doing that which the constitution, which they were sworn to uphold, explicitly declares that "all men have a natural and indefeasible right to do." And that is how Sunday laws were made " constitutional " in Arkansas. A. T. J. WE learn from the Norwalk (Illinois) Chron-icle of July 4, that on the previous Friday a mass meeting was held by some of the citizens of Hu-ron County, that State, for the purpose of organiz-ing " a County Sabbath Union." Among the resolutions adopted on this occasion was one en-dorsing the American Sabbath Union and its purposes "so far as now made known." Just how much the saving clause was intended to cover, we do not know. Perhaps those who drew up the resolution can see no harm in passing Sunday laws, but are not prepared to endorse that with which the so-called Sabbath Union is charged, namely, of laboring to accomplish the same purpose as the National Reform Association. But did they but know it, the passage of Sunday laws is a long step in that direction. Another resolution adopted by-this-convention -was as follows:Š " That we approve and commend the passage of  the Blair Sunday-Rest bill, . . . and we especially commend the amendment suggested in the committee of the Senate, the exception from its provisions of all who conscientiously keep Saturday or any other day as Sabbath." The committee did not apparently see anything incongruous in the idea of making a difference on account of religion. Why should those who keep some other day be exempted from the pro-visions of the law, if, as is so presistently urged, it is simply a sanitary measure ? The very fact that they are willing to grant an exemption on account of religious scruples shows that it is a religious measure. The trouble with the whole business is, that Sunday is a religious institution and it is useless to try to disguise the fact or to make it appear that legislation in regard to it is not religious legislation. Again, they propose to except those who "conscientiously" keep any other day.,  How do they expect to know when it is conscientiously done? Shall the civil courts decide cases of con-science? "A Very Interesting Question," Indeed. IN the "heating" before the Senate Committee last winter, in behalf of the proposed .amendment establishing a Christian religion, the following colloquy took place :Š ' "Rev. George K. Morris, D. D.ŠThe Roman Catholics in 1886 were represented to be 7,200,-000 citizens including children. The evangelical population at that timeŠnot the church member-ship only, but populationŠnumbered 42,646,279." "The ChairmanŠYou count men, women, and children? "Dr. MorrisŠIn all cases. " The ChairmanŠAnd entirely regardless now of what is called experiencing religion ? " Dr. MorrisŠYes sir, in each case, Catholic and evangelical, we give the population, those who entertain the doctrines of the church. " The Chairman--,In that, do you count all who are Catholics on one side and all who are not Catholics on the other ? "Dr. MorrisŠNo, sir. 'We count all who are Catholics on one side and all who are of the evangelical faiths on the other side. " The ChairmanŠHow large a residuum or fraction is remaining that makes up the entire people ? "Dr. MorrisŠUnfortunately, I have not pre-pared myself upon that. " The ChairmanŠHow many did you estimate that the evangelicals numbered in 1886? "Dr. MorrisŠForty-two millions six hundred and forty-six thousand two hundred and seventy-nine. "The ChairmanŠAnd the Catholics? "Dr. MorrisŠThe Catholic population 7,200-000. " The ChairmanŠThe tow being 50,000,000 in 1880, the gain between 50,000,000 and the true population in 1886, would represent all the other classes who belong to no church whatever? " Dr. MorrisŠThe atheists, those who entirely reject the Christian faith. " The ChairmanŠYou substantially include everybody in the evangelical estimate except the Catholics. "Dr. MorrisŠI have not looked closely into that question. " The ChairmanŠThere-were 50,000,000 peo-ple in 1880 and in 1886 there may have been 58,000,000 perhaps. "Dr. MorrisŠYes, I understand that this es-timate allows for the population which is supposed to be purely atheistic, rejecting all Christian faiths. They are comparatively a small number. "Senator GeorgeŠExclusive of the Mormons ' too ? "Dr. MorrisŠNo, not the Mormons. They would be evangelical in one sense. "Senator PalmerŠYou assume all who are not atheists and all who are not Catholics, to be evangelical? "Dr. MorrisŠYes, sir. Pretty nearly so. " The ChairmanŠYou include all who aro known as agnostics- perhaps as evangelical then? "Dr. MorrisŠThe agnostics, properly speak-ing, are so small in number that they have scarcely entered into the computation. "The ChairmanŠBut the fact seems to be that there is a great body of people who are not communicants of churches, who have no special active affirmative faith in the evangelical creeds or in Roman Catholicism, which, I suppose, is nearly one-third of our people ; I think it is. "Senator PalmerŠThe agnostics are a relig-ious people, more so than many of our people. "The ChairmanŠMr. Ingersoll is an agnostic. He leads a type of agnosticism in the country. "Senator PalmerŠHe is atheistic. " The ChairmanŠHe is an agnostic. " Senator GeorgeŠThat raises a very interest-ing question as to what is the Christian religion." That is a fact. In that sentence Senator George hit the nail on the head, with a mighty stroke. The discussions of those who favor that proposed amendment show in miniature and in a very mild way, indeed, the contentions that would inevitably arise over the question as to what is the Christian religion, should that amend-ment ever be adopted. If the author of that res-olution is wise, he will have learned wisdom by all this and will drop that thing forever. . A. T. J. That Sunday Saloon. THERE is sufficient agitation going on at pres-ent over the subject of saloons to make one think it quite an important question. And it is undoubt-edly true, speaking in general terms, that the subject is an important one. At present, how-ever, the principal interest seems to center in the 'Sunday phase of the question. The zealots who are engineering the National Reform craft, some time ago discovered a powerful ally in the shape of the temperance sentiment, and consequently they steered directly for the respective headquar-ters of the Prohibition party and the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, in order that the ardent Sunday partisans in these organizations might get on board, which they did with such amazing spryness as to make it appear that they had been waiting some time for the privilege. Since then these united forces have decided that the saloon is a menace to our free institutions (on Sunday), that our government is in danger from this source (on Sunday), and that thisperil which threatens us (on Sunday) must be promptly met and summarily stopped (on Sunday). Truly what a terribly awful thing this Sunday saloon is, anyway ; and what a peaceable, moral, and alto-gether lovely and legitimate institution it suddenly becomes from Monday morning to Saturday night Seriously, we do not like to see the intelligence of the American people insulted by such argu-ments as are made nowadays in behalf of this 