AMERICAN SENTINEL. "But if the spirituarcondition is one that may be compared to darkness or night, what may God's people be compared to?" "To the moon and stars." "Now, Charlie, you may read in the eighth chapter of Daniel another prophecy'that brings out the manner in which the horn was to war against God's light-bearers." Charlie read the 10th verse: "And it waxed great even to the hosts of heaven; and it cast clown some of the host and of the stars to the ground. Yea, he magni-fied himself even to the prince of the host." "You can see how the horn warred against the stars of God, and gather from the violence of the figure that there was a deep-set malignity back of its action. What does the name 'Lucifer' mean?" "Light bearer," said Charlie. "Yes. You remember in one of our first talks how Lucifer shed the light of God's glory throughout heaven, and that through self exaltation he lost his light and his position, and was cast out. You can see by the script-ures we have read that God has chosen us, who have been the captives of Satan, to become his light bearers, and take the place of the great angel who lost his first estate. 0 how Lucifer hates us when we shed abroad the glory of love, of which he is now incapable,Šwhen we believe God's Word and follow the footsteps of Him who is meek and lowly in heart. It is this malignant spirit of jealousy that is behind all persecution, that bids the horn tear down the stars of God, and stamp them out." "But persecution did not blot out the people of God," said Charlie. "I read somewhere that the fagot was like a taper that lit up other stars, and that when a martyr died, his ashes were like seed that sprang up in a great harvest of souls." "That is true, Charlie, praise God. No one can do anything against the truth. B'ut the object of the perse-cution was the blotting out of God's people. The priv-ilege of becoming God's light bearers is too sacred, too dear, too full of heavenly joy, to be lightly given up. Once let a soul catch a glimpse of the glory of God. and realize that that glory may be seen upon him, and death itself loses its terrors. Besides the promise is sure that we shall never perish, neither shall any man pluck us out of the hand of omnipotent Love." "But, mama, how was it that the papacy had power to persecute the people of God? It doesn't have that power to-day. Why, there's liberty everywhere. You know our Constitution says that Congress shall make no law respecting religion, or to hinder the free exercise thereof. What could any church do in the way of open persecution in the world to-day?" "It certainly does not look as if it could do anything; but in the Dark Ages the Catholic Church could command the power of the state.' God's plan is to keep the state and church separate; but Satan's plan is to put into the hands of the church the power of the state, so that he, through a perverted church, can control the faith of men, or at least make them conform to certain outward  standards. Satan would like to run the world through one mold, Š the self-mold. Whenever the world con-sents to his scheme of government, and he is always alert to push it on the world, then persecution can be carried on under the sacred name of law, and then God's saints are treated as was their Master, who was known as one of the malefactors.", "But, mama, why is it that the people of thepast had to endure all this, while to-day we have things so pleas-ant? It doesn't seem quite fair." "Every generation has its own test. But we will an-swer this question more fully at another time. I will give you one text, however, to think about. Ł The apostle says, 'Yea, and all who will live godly in Christ Jesus, shall suffer persecution.' The image of Christ is too faintly traced in those who profess his name to provoke enmity from him who was the murderer of the Son of God. When the image is clear, your question will receive the answer of ages. But we have talked a long time; let us close with prayer." Mrs. Ross prayed fervently that they might reflect the glory of God, and,  be strengthened to bear all the consequences. Then they sang togetherŠ " Be Thou my pattern, let me bear, More of Thy gracious image here; Then God the Judge shall own my name, Among the followers of the Lamb." "There is just one thought more, Charlie. The great day of vindication is at hand. Very soon the martyred hosts will hear the voice of the Life-giver. John saw these hosts of God, and said, `These are they who have comeup through great tribulation, and have washed their robes and made them white in the biood of the Lamb.' Ł "Let us wash our robes, my boy, and be made white; then we shall be tried, and after the cross will come the crown." F. B. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. W rite names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co.. not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent. register the letter. AI1ERICAN SENTINEL, Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State. either in name or in principle. ORGAN OF THE International Religious hiberty Assoeiation. Published Weekly by Paeifie Press Publishing Co. Single Copy, Per Year, Six months, .,Three " Li - $1.00. .50 - .25 ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York. 