268 VoL. 10, No. 34. they thirst for civil power and seek it yet again. Prov. 23: 35. Like the man who has tasted strong drink, so those who have drank of the wineŠthe false principles of Rome, her Sunday sabbath, her doctrine that the Church should control the State, that the Church may force the conscienceŠwhen they awake they say, We will seek it yet again. God's way is too tame and slow; we must compel men to obey. The recognized sign of Christian life and activity is a manifest desire to enter politics and make the Church a felt power in civil matters and control the counsels of the nation. And for what else does the B. Y. P. U. A. exist ? We asked at the head of this article, Is the Baptist Church drifting? We say No, mani-festly No. She has got her prow turned, her rudder is set, her sails all trimmed, and with a full head of steam on, she is driving at full speed into the great vortex of ruin that will engulf Babylon and all her kin, and the mist of worldliness is so thick about her that only a few of her watchmen discern the grin shadows, or hear the dread soughing of the surf that lies athwart her course. Why cannot Baptists see God's Sabbath as well as baptism? How can they read Sunday into the fourth command and call it sabbath when they will not allow anyone to read sprinkling into the gospel commission and call it baptism? Why will they seek to the civil power to sustain their religion? Perhaps it is because they can sustain it in no other way. Do they honestly think God's Sabbath bless-ing has slipped from the seventh day over to the first day? And now, lest a few Sabbath-keepers shall succeed in slipping it back, will they spike the blessing onto Sunday with Sun-day laws and then clinch the spikes with church resolutions? Truly they have drunken of Babylon's wine and are mad. The last day of this great convention, Sun-day, July 21, was a gala one. Upon the —rounds a half dozen lines of the best money-making business were in full operation. The street cars, in open violation of the statutes of Maryland, were reaping a rich harvest selling religious railroad tickets gotten up by the B. Y. P. U. A. especially for the occasion. On one side these religious tickets, sold at a re-duced rate, read: " Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ," " Culture for Service;" on the other, "Search the Scriptures," " Loyalty to Christ." Hackmen and bus drivers by the score solicited patronage at the gate, and throughout the city several lines of the best money-making busi-ness were almost unrestrained. It was a com-mon remark of people who attended that it seemed more like a bazaar than a religious service. The cheering at times could be heard several blocks away. On this very day a poor, inoffensive Seventh-day Adventist quietly mended shoes in his private rooms in a se-cluded suburb of this same city far away from a chance to disturb any one; even his window blinds were closed, and the officer, to find out whether or not the man was at work, had to enter the room. For this awful conduct the brother was arrested and thrown in prison, and now must stand trial as a criminal with almost a certainty of a heavy fine or imprison-ment. Now, can the Baptists of America show cause why the National B. Y. P. U. A. con-vention, just closed, is not accessory in prin-ciples and purpose to this and all similar cow-ardly acts of persecution? They have pledged themselves to stand by Sunday laws and see that they are enforced; why are they not guilty in this case? They pledge themselves to sustain Sunday laws, but none of those in the Sunday-keeping ring are disturbed. If one only professes to keep Sunday he can do  as he sees fit about keeping it. But let one turn aside from the beaten path, and he at once becomes a prey. What does this mean? Are they blind?Šstone blind? Reader, it is time to seek God for power to make the truth of God known to the people that they may heed the warning of Rev. 18: 4: " Come out of her, my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive not of her plagues." Who will lift up the voice like a trumpet and show God's professed people their transgressions and the house of Jacob their sins? Baltimore, Md., July 24, 1895. THE GREAT CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR MOVE-MENTŠWHAT OF ITS FUTURE ? BY H. F. PHELPS. JUST at this time the great religious con-ventions are calling forth considerable comment. This is especially so of the Christian Endeav-orers. Great hopes are entertained of this or-ganization of the flower and pride of America, upon whom the hopes of the future depend. But are these great organizations to become political, and thus religio-political? While hope is high with reference to the future, in the minds of many as to the respon-sibilities for good in religious and moral re-forms that are centered in this body of young people, there are others who are accustomed to look beneath the surface, and who usually think deeply, who express fears regarding the outcome. It must be conceded that, as to the greater part of these young people, they are unaccus-tomed to deep and earnest thought as to logical results in a given course and to wrestling with the great questions of the day; .but, upon the whole, are actuated by the inspiration in the movement and are following their leaders. The logical conclusion is that if these leaders are actuated by right motives, if they are thor-oughly acquainted with and recognize the un-derlying principle of all reformsŠthat of the equal rights of all men and the individuality of all men, the very principle for which Christ and his apostles and the Reformers contendedŠif they clearly recognize the fact that, as Herbert Spencer says, " Every man has the right to do whatsoever he wills, pro-vided that, in the doing thereof, he infringes not the equal right of any other man;" then it may be that these leaders can lead these tens of thousands forward to the accomplishment of many a good work. But if, on the contrary, they themselves are not standing upon solid ground, or are actu-ated by selfish motivesŠmotives that are prompted by a blind adherence to some 'ism, Šif they have reached the conclusion that their own methods and opinions are right and that all others are wrong, and that all these wrongs are to be righted according to their policy; if they forget that it is not possible for any moral reform to be carried forward successfully except by the power of the Holy Spirit, and that this power is only to be man-ifested in and through the preaching of the gospel of Jesus Christ; and that Christians are not authorized to seek the aid of any other power in their work except that of the Spirit of God, then it is that this nation and the world have cause to fear rather than to rejoice in the possible outcome of the move-ment. It is evident that they intend to become a factor in politicsŠa possible political organiza-tionŠand to make their influence felt at the ballot box. If then, as they now claim that their movement is in favor of religion, they  are to become religio-political in their meth-ods, what guarantee does the world have that they will not do as all other religious political organizations have done in the past? How do we know but that they may become the very image of the despotism of the past in the en-forcement of religious enactments? Mr. Charles A. Dana, the keen-sighted New York editor, sees danger ahead, and speaks concerning it. He says:Š The speakers at the convention of fifty thousand Christian Endeavor delegates at Boston have given great prominence to the subject of " good citizen-ship;" and their reference to the services which the societies throughout the Union should render toward the purification and elevation of politics, have excited much enthusiasm at all meetings. It is evident that a desire, if not a settled purpose, to make the organ-ization a distinct political power has taken possession of many of its prominent members. We regret to see it, and are heartily sorry; . . . for the moral and religious purposes of the organiza-tion are worthy of encouragement and praise; and, if the disposition to use its machinery for their accom-plishment by political means shall be continued, they will be defeated, and politics will be disturbed by bitter religious strife. The Christian Endeavor enterprise as a moral enter-prise is wholesome and beneficial; as a political move-ment it would be a curse to the country.ŠNew York Sun, of July .15. In the United States Senate Committee Re-port of 1829, Hon. R. M. Johnson, chairman, said : " Extensive religious combinations to effect a political object are, in the opinion of the committee, always dangerous. . . . All religious despotism commences by combi-nation and influence; and when that influence begins to operate upon the political institu-tions of a country, the' civil power soon bends under it; and the catastrophe of other na-tions furnishes an awful warning of the con-sequence." OUTRAGEOUS PERSECUTION. [From the Christian Intelligeneer, July 3.] THE last case of outrageous persecution for religious opinion that has come to our knowl-edge occurred not in China, nor in Turkey, nor in any other half-civilized country, but in our own land beneath the stars and stripes. We learn from the Examiner that there is now in Georgia a man universally recognized as a good citizen who is shut up with incendiaries, thieves and murderers, and with them await-ing departure to a chain-gang; and the reason is that on Sunday he had worked quietly in his own back field, disturbing nobody, and acting in obedience to his conscience. This is lamentable intolerance. We have no sym-pathy with the mistaken views of this Juda-izing Christian, but he has a perfect right to work on the first day of the week so long as he does not hinder his neighbors from the rightful use of the Lord's day. To shut him up with gross criminals is nothing less than religious persecution. * Ł 11 " THE pretense that all law must be rigor-ously enforced because it is law is refuted," says the World, " by a hundred dead-letter statutes, and condemned by the French phil-osopher in the saying that ' of all sorts of tyranny the forcing of the letter of the law against the equity is the most insupport- able.' " Ł -4.-Ł  " THE powers that be are ordained of God," but they are ordained to administer justice, not to decree injustice. There is, as every man knows, a limit to civil power. * This man was 'not actually put into the chain-gang; an unknown friend paid his costs, and he was released.ŠEn. SENTINEL. 