152 AMERICAN SENTINEL. North Carolina, 2; Tennessee, 22; Texas, 1; Manitoba, 1; Ontario, 7. Total, 60. This is the practical sideŠand intensely practical it is to the victimsŠof the movement to reestablish the Church-and-State features of colonial times, which the American Government was thought to have happily out-grown. Will you still believe, reader, that there is "nothing in it"? "Christian Citizenship" Meeting in Washington, D. C. By Our Washington Correspondent. THE Reform Bureau on Sunday, February 28, held two "Christian Citizenship'' rallies. In the afternoon, a meeting was held in the Western Presbyterian Church, under the auspices of the various young people's societies of the city, at which Dr. Crafts, Superintendent of the Bureau, presided. The meeting was addressed by Rev. H. W. Ennis of the Philip and Andrew Society, W. H. Pennel, Chairman of the Good Citizenship Committee of the Christian Endeavor Societies of the District of Co-lumbia, Mrs. S. D. LaFetra, Superintendent of the World's Christian Citizenship Department of the Wo-man's Christian Temperance Union, and the chairman of the meeting, MrŁ. Crafts. The various lines of reform in which the Bureau has been interested during the past winter were presented ip a general way; and the follow-ing resolution was adopted Resolved, That this meeting, called in the interest of Christian citizenship, hereby authorizes its presiding officer and speakers in its behalf to petition the United States Senate to pass the Morse and Little acts, and both Houses to pass : (1) The Washington bill to further protect the first day of the week in the District of Colum-bia; (2) The Shannon bill to, raise the age of protection for girls to eighteen in the District of Columbia; (l) The Gillett bill to forbid interstate gambling by telegraph; and (4) the Aldrich bill to forbid the transmission by mail or telegraph of pictures or descriptions of prize fighting. The meeting in the evening was held in the Luther Memorial Church, and there was an audience of perhaps one hundred and fifty. Dr. J. G. Butler, pastor of the church, presided; and addresses were made by Repre-sentative Elijah A. Morse, Dr. J. H. Elliott, pastor of the Church of the Ascension, Mrs. Margaret D. Ellis, na-tional Superintendent of legislation of the W. C. T. IL, and Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts. Dr. Elliott took for his text the words, "Sundays excepted," found in the Constitution of the United States. He said in substance; Sunday is excepted because it is a day of rest. It is recognized as such. Of thirty State constitutions defining the veto powers of the governors, twenty-eight have used these words taken from the United States Constitution, " Sundays excepted." Since it is excepted for the President, why not for the laborer? The President has secured to him by the Constitution of the  United States, in the very body of that noble document, a Sunday of rest. How then can it be argued that it .is at variance with the Constitution to enact a law with reference to Sunday? The amendment to the Constitu-tion forbidding the establishment of religion cannot destroy this portion of the Constitution. That amend-ment was proposed by those who had framed the Consti-tution. The men who framed the Constitution observed Sunday. I am prepared to say that they regularly ad-journed on Sunday. They made it a day of rest. Con-gress recognizes that Sunday is not a legislative day; when they work on Sunday it is still Saturday not Sun-day. Congress has seven times enacted Sunday laws. The gentlemen who object to the constitutionality of these laws, do not remember what a reproach they arc laying upon Congress when they make that charge. Congress has again and again enacted Sunday laws. How can any one maintain then that it is unconstitu-tional? Has Congress always made a mistake? We are fortified still further by the judicial decision which was rendered in the case of King vs. Crowley. In all the States except Idaho and California there are Sunday laws. It is not the enactment of Sunday laws that is un-American; but the absence of such laws. We are not seeking for exceptional legislation, but we are seeking to correct an exceptional lack of legislation. We are apt to think of the small restrictions that are imposed upon us by Sunday laws; but suppose there had never been a Sunday of rest. Suppose we were to go on day after day and year after year, toiling unceasingly, and some one came and announced a rest day, one in seven, would we not hail him as a benefactor? When a man becbmes a naturalized American citizen, we would have him become naturalized as a Christian. We would have the flags of our country tell all nations of the country's God. One of the speakers said that when it came to a choice between attending a prayer meeting and a pri-mary, the Christian citizen should go to the latter. Dr. Crafts said the two handles of politics are the primary and the lobby. They are now in bad hands ; and they must be laid hold of by good hands if politics are ever to be reformed. All of us are to be engaged in politics. We should be members of the first, second, or "third" house. He then acted as chairman of the " third " house, and the same resolutions were presented and adopted as at the afternoon meeting. SOME of the statements made at the "Christian Citizenship" rally in Washington, reported above, were quite characteristic of the effort to defend the character of Sunday laws. One speaker, for instance, said that "Congress has again and again enacted Sun-day laws," and hence Sunday laws must be right, foil Congress could not be mistaken so many times. But rec-ollecting that Congress itself sometimes works on Sun-day, he said, "When they work on Sunday it is still Sat- 