AMERICAN SENTINEL,. 665 AN authority on "Christian citizenship" says that "the Christian citizens of the United States can no more afford to be apathetic in the face of existing political cor-ruption, than the health authorities of Southern cities dare tolerate filth in theŁ streets and alleys while con-fronted by the yellow fever plague." * * IT is no new thing to say that Christians cannot af-ford to be apathetic. The Word of GodŠthe Christian's guide-bookŠmakes this fact plain upon every page. "Be sober, be vigilant; because your adversary the devil, as a roaring lion, walketh about, seeking whom he may de-vour" (1 Peter 5:8)Šthis and many similar admonitions from the volume of inspiration are familiar to the Chris-tian's ears. But "Christian citizenship" vigilance means something a little different from this; that is, something which has to do with political corruption,Ša thing which has until recently, been supposed to be somewhat out of the line of the Christian's education and work. * * * THE Christian's warfare, as set forth in that Word upon which Christianity is based, is first a warfare against corruption lurking in his own heart, and then against the abounding corruption in the world without. And "cor-ruption," to him, is anything that is a transgression of the divine law. Now suppose that Christians are busily waging this warfare against corruption, is there any necessity for calling their attention to "political corrup-tion?" WHAT does such a call mean, anyway? Does it mean that Christians have become apathetic as Christians? or does it mean that Christians are remiss in their duty if they do not engage in a crusade against political corrup-tion, in addition to their regular warfare, as Christians, against sin? * * REFERRING again to the inspired volume, we learn that to "fear God and keep his commandments" is the "whole duty of man" (Bed.. 12:13), and that "pure reli-gion" is "to visit the fatherless and widows in their af-fliction, and to keep himself unspotted from the world." James 1:27. We learn also that the followers of Christ ŠChristiansŠare commissioned to go into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature (Mark 16:15),  and that "he that believeth and is baptized shall be saved; but he that believeth not shall be damned (verse 16). But in all this there is nothing that points out the supposed duty of purging the land from "political cor-ruption." WE learn further that the Christian goes forth to his warfare clad in a certain armor aŁnd equipped with cer-tain weapons. It might be interesting to note what part of this is adapted to warfare against political corrup-tion. In the sixth chapter of Ephesians we find this ex-hortation given: "Stand therefore, having your loins girt about with truth, and having on the breastplate of righteousness; and your feet shod with the prep-aration of the gospel of peace; above all, taking the shield of faith, wherewith ye shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked. And take the helmet of sal-vation, and the sword of the Spirit, which is the Word of God." Verses 14-17. Thus equipped, the Christian is clad in the "whole armor of God." Verse 11. * LET it be noticed that there is but one offensive weapon in this equipment, and that is "the sword of the Spirit, which is the Word of God." WhateVer attack therefore is to be made by the Christian upon corruption, must be made with this weapon. All the rest of his ar-mament is adapted only for defense. * * Is this weapon sufficient for all the requirements of the Christian warfare? Is it powerful enough to accom-plish every work that can ever devolve upon the Christian to perform? For answer we may quote the words of the psalmist: "By the word of the Lord were the heavens made; and all the host of them by the breath of his mouth. . . . Let all the earth fear the Lord; let all the inhabitants of the world stand in awe of him. For he spake, and it was; he commanded, and it stood fast." Ps. 33:6-9. As we know of no greater exhibition of might than that which brought into existence the heavens and the earth, we may safely conclude that the word of the Lord is powerful enough for any undertaking which can properly fall to the Christian's lot upon the earth. * WHAT, then, about the supposed Christian duty of driving out political corruption? Can this be done by the Word of God? If it can, well and good; but if not, it is certainly not because the undertaking requires more power than the Word of God contains. * No; it is not powe'r that is lacking in this divine im-plement of warfare. Is it, then, a design of Providence that the Christian warfare shall include a fight against politicalcorruption? If so, then the "sword of the Spirit" must be adapted to this task. 