AME.RICAN SENTENE)L. 379 ecessor or successor in his priesthood. He sprang from a tribe which could have no priesthood in Israel, and he alone is priest on the throne of his Father. 6. While sitting upon the throne of his Father in Heaven, he is expecting and waiting for a gift of power and authority of another nature. " The Lord said unto my Lord, Sit thou at my right hand, until I make thine enemies thy footstool." Ps. 110 :1 " After he had offered one sacrifice for sins forever, sat down on the right hand of God, from henceforth ex-pecting till his enemies be made his foot-stool." Heb. 10: 12, 13. His Father puts his enemies under his feet, but not till his priestly reign on the throne of Heaven ends. 1 Cor. 15: 24-28. Of his own throne we may say :- 1. It is the throneŠnot of his Father in Heaven, butŠof his father David. " The Lord God shall give unto him the throne of his father David." Luke 1: 32. " God had sworn with an oath to him [David], that of the fruit of his loins, according to the flesh, he would raise up Christ to sit on his throne." Acts 2: 30. 2. The throne of David was not in Heaven. The first dominion or rule over Israel as a nation, was from Heaven, be-cause their government was originally a theocracy. But the throne of David was in every respect distinct from the throne of universal power whereon Christ now sits. 3. It is counted Christ's own throne, because he was born heir to it, and his genealogy from David had to be preserved in order that his claim to it might be rec-ognized. 4. His reign upon this throne will never end. " The Lord God shall give unto him the throne of his father David; and he shall reign over the house of Jacob for-ever ; and of his kingdom there shall be no end." Luke 1: 32, 33. 5. Jehovah promised to establish the throne and seed of David forever. " Also I will make him my first-born, higher than the kings of the earth." Ps. 89 : 3, 4, 27. The Revision says : " The highest of the kings of the earth." Therefore it was prophesied of Christ, David's son, that, when the kingdom is given to hiin, " all people, nations, and languages should serve him." Dan. 7 :14. 6. David had no priesthood, and. his son and heir can have no priesthood on his throne. As has been proved, the priesthood of Christ is on the throne of his Father in Heaven. Hence his reign upon the throne of David is not a priestly reign. When he is given power over the nations, according to the promise of the Father, the fulfillment of which he has yet in expectation, he will no longer be a mediator or Saviour of sinners. The points of difference between the two reigns of Christ, and of the two thrones upon which he reigns, are plainly brought to view in the Scriptures. It is  only by confounding the circumstances of the two reigns, and misapplying the Scrip-tures in reference thereto, that the " Na-tional Reformers" make their positions appear somewhat plausible. It must be remembered that " his ene-mies are put under his feet." When the nations are subdued under him, they, are his enemies still. And what will he do with them when they are given to him ? The second psalm answers this question : " Ask of me, and I shall give thee the heathen for thine inheritance, and the utter-most parts of the earth for thy possession. Thou shalt break them with a rod of iron; thou shalt dash them in pieces like a pot-ter's vessel." And with this agree all the prophecies. Thus in Dan. 2, the king-dom of Christ is representedŠnot as con-verting the nations and incorporating them into itself, butŠas breaking in pieces and destroying them. They are not brought into subjection to a mild sway of gospel grace; for there is no gos-pel grace offered to sinners after Christ ends his priesthood and receives his power over the nations. The kingdoms of earth will be dashed in pieces, broken, destroyed; they become as the chaff of the summer threshing floors, driven away by the wind, so that " no place is found for them," To represent all this as the conversion of the nations, and their adopting the gospel of the kingdom as their " national religion " is to greatly pervert the Scriptures. It is crying " peace and safety " when destruction is impending. 1 Thess. 5: 1-3. Jesus said the saints will be rewarded at the resurrection of the just. Luke 14 : 14. The resurrection of the just takes place when Christ himself returns to the earth. 1 Thess. 4 :15-17. At the coming of Christ, the saints inherit, or enter into and possess, the kingdom. Malt. 25: 31-34. And they can not inherit it before the resurrection; for Paul says "that flesh and blood [man in a mortal state] can not inherit the kingdom of God ; nei-ther doth corruption inherit incorruption." 1 Cor. 15 : 50. Christ's kingdom is an everlasting kingdom, which can not be inherited by dying people ; they must first be immortalized by the resurrection or a translation. God hath " chosen the poor of this world, rich in faith, heirs of the kingdom which he hath promised to them that love him." James 2: 5. They who are rich in faith, and love God, are now heirs of the kingdom, and they will inherit it when Jesus comes and redeems them from the bondage of corruption. See Rom. 8:23 and 2 Cor. 5: 4. This brief view will suffice to show the errors of the Woman's Christian Temper-ance Union, and other National Reform-ers, in their application of the prophecies. They propose to set up the kingdom by a majority vote; but God will in his wrath destroy the majority and give the king-dom to a " little flock." Religious Toleration in Maryland. THE statement is frequently made, and appears even in some school books, that the earliest official recognition of religious liberty in this country was by a Roman Catholic in Maryland. And the impres-sion is sometimes given that this was the origin of the American idea of freedom of conscience. The truth is, however, that while the Governor of the Colony, Lord Baltimore, was a Roman Catholic, at the time of the passage of the act of religious toleration in 1646, the Catholics had more than enough to do to hold their own against an aggressive Protestant majority; and it is not strange that Lord Balti-more favored religious freedom since his own people, the Catholics, had every-thing to gain and nothing to lose by it. At that time England was Presbyterian, and with a majority of Protestants in Maryland and in the Colonial Legislature, the most natural thing for the Catholics to do was to favor entire freedom in reli-gious matters. But the so-called religious freedom of Maryland was not worthy the name, for as late as 1723 a law was enacted, Section 1 of which, reads as follows:Š Be it enacted by the right honorable the lord proprietor, by, and with the advice and consent of his lordship's governor, and the upper and lower houses of assembly, and the authority of the same, That if any persons shall hereafter, within this province, wittingly, maliciously, and advisedly, by writing or speaking, blaspheme or curse God, or deny our Saviour Jesus Christ to be the Son of God, or shall deny the Holy Trinity, the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, or the Godhead of any of the three persons, or the unity of the Godhead, or shall utter any profane words concerning the Holy Trinity, or any of the persona thereof, and shall be thereof convict by verdict, or confession, shall, for the first offense, be bored through the tongue and fined twenty pounds sterling to the lord pro-prietor to be applied to the use of the county where the offense shall be committed, to be levied on the offender's body, goods and chattels, lands or tenements, and in case the said fine can not be levied, the offender to suffer six months' imprison-ment without bail or mainprise: and that for the second offense, the offender being thereof convict as aforesaid, shall be stigmatized by burning in the forehead with the letter B and fined forty pounds sterling to the lord proprietor, to be applied and levied as aforesaid, and in case the same can not be levied, the offender shall suffer twelve months' imprisonment without bail or mainprise; and that for the third offense, the offender being convict as aforesaid, shall suffer death without the benefit of the clergy. It is true that this statute was Puritan rather than Catholic, as was also Section 10 of the same law providing severe pen-alties for Sunday labor. But that only shows that Maryland was Protestant and not Catholic; and, that in securing a stat-ute of toleration the Catholics were actu-ated not by principle but by self-interest. C. P. B. GOD never intended that the pulpit, and the Church, and the press, and parental influence, should give place, in any great moral conflict for reform, to the baton of the policeman.ŠCuyler. 