*2 Aivilift,it -CAN giNVIrTNIz.-,f,, \TOL. 10. No. 4. NEW YORK, JANUARY 24, 1895. Any one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it, A MOST striking sign of the times is recorded in this issue under the title, " A Courageous Protest." Read it. A FEW months ago the press announced the fact that the Epworth League, and other young people's societies, had gone into politics. Now it announces that the League of Brooklyn has organized mili-tary companies and is drilling for con-flict. The next step will be to proclaim a religious crusade and march against the heretics. WHAT means all this military craze that has taken hold of the churches ? " Church Cadets," " Boys' Brigades " and "Epworth Guards," with their weekly drill have su-perseded the prayer meeting, and it means that the churches having discounted the " Sword of the Spirit, which is the Word of God," and having appealed to the State to enforce the doctrines of religion by law, now turn naturally to the use of carnal weapons. " All they that take the sword shall perish with the sword." WE are gratified at receiving so many orders for our illustrated issue of Jan. 17. The Minnesota Tract Society writes : "Send us five thousand copies as a starter," and the Michigan Tract Society has sent its first order for eleven thousand copies. This issue will not grow old for weeks to come, and we hope our friends will all help to give it a wide circulation. CHAS. W. MILLER, a seventh-day ob-server of Wampum, Pa., informs us that he has recently been notified by a com-mittee composed of a Presbyterian minis-ter, J. C. Rukens, and a Methodist minis-ter, G. B. Carr, to close his stationery and confection store on Sundays, and told that a violation of the command would be followed by his prompt arrest. It looks now as if Pennsylvania would join Mass-achusetts in introducing the Sunday-slavery crusade into the northern States. THOSE who oppose our scriptural pre-diction of a general persecution for non-observance of the Sunday dogma, have always remarked that the previous perse-cutions were confined to States south of Mason and Dixon's line, and were the result of local conditions. But we have always responded that the human heart is the same on both sides of the line, and that, at an early date, these persecutions would be seen in the North. We were not mistaken. A GOOD illustration of the illogical and absurd religious test which some States require of witnesses as a qualification to give testimony, occurred recently in Ten-nessee, where a witness is required to-believe in a God and in future rewards and punishments. A witness against the men who recently lynched six negroes in Tennessee, to escape testifying against the lynchers, boldly denied his belief in a God. His father testified that he had never before heard his son express atheistic sen-timents. The judge after mature thought decided that the young man was lying and did believe in a God, and was therefore thoroughly qualified "to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth," and he was required to testify. Comment is unnecessary. WHY is it that Roman Catholics point to the appointment and election of mem-bers of their church to the premiership of Germany and the presidency of Switzer-land as a triumph of Catholicity over Protestantism ?ŠBecause it furnishes an opportunity for these papists to carry out the programme outlined by Pope Leo XIII., communicated in 1885 to the faith-ful in all lands, but especially in America. It furnishes an opportunity to " do all in their power to cause constitutions of States and legislation to be modeled in the prin-ciples of the true [Roman Catholic] church." And when American citizens oppose this programme and attempt to prevent in America what Rolnan Catholic papers in this country declare to be a triumph of the papacy in Europe, this effort is denounced as persecution! Yea, verily, everything is persecution in the mind of the papist that interferes with the scheme of Rome to again dominate the world and punish heretics. Will Florida Join the Persecuting States? [The following interesting item will appear in the next issue of the Florida Bulletin, a Seventh-day Adventist paper, and is kindly forwarded to us by L. H. Crisler, a Seventh day Adventist minster, of Florida.] ON Sunday, Jan. 13, Bro. H. S. Gid-dings, of Orlando, Fla., was arrested for following his usual occupation of house-building. He was building a chimney inside the house and was not making any disturbance. The officer who arrested Brother Gid-dings threatened to lock him up, but finally agreed to take his word as bond for his 'appearance before the police court at 10 A. M. the next day. On his arrival at the police station the following day, he was informed that he would be tried before the criminal court, which was in session; and at 3 P. M. his case was called. The charge was for working on the day com-monly called Sunday, to which Brother Giddings plead guilty, stating that he had observed the seventh day as the Sabbath for a number of years, and had followed  his usual occupation on Sunday, believing . it to be a rival of the Lord's Sabbath, and that to observe it was to pay homage to the power that set it up. The, judge then read Section 11 of the laws of Florida, which imposes as fine of $50 for doing manual labor on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday ; and said : " I suppose you did not know there was such a law. You would not persist in working on Sunday after know-ing that this law existed, would you ?" Brother Giddings stated that he under-stood there was such a law, and that he would never think of breaking one of the State laws, unless it came in conflict with the law of, God, which in this case it did. He thereupon read from the Bible, Ex. 20 : 8-11, showing his authority for observ-ing the seventh day. And after showing that Sunday is the sign of the power designated as the beast, he read Rev. 14: 9-11, setting forth the judgment to be visited on all who knowingly worship the beast. He then referred him to the three Hebrew children, stating that his case was a parallel one, and that he could only answer as they did. By this time the majority of the people present began to see that there was some-thing unusual presented in this case, and the signs of levity which were general when Brother Giddings began his defense, had all disappeared. The judge also seemed much impressed, and stated that he would postpone sentence in this case until next court, and take the matter into consideration. After we had left the court room,Brother Giddings said : " I never before realized how true it is that we are not prepared to give a reason for our faith until I had to stand up there and do it." Brethren, we have come to the time when we shall have to defend the positions we hold, before the rulers of the land. May the Lord fill us with his wisdom and guide us in all things to his glory. ALEX. MITCHELL. Premium Offer. FOR one new subscription to the AMER-ICAN SENTINEL, we will give free one copy of the 25-cent dictionary, advertised in another column ; for two new subscriptions, one copy of the 50-cent style; and for two new subscriptions and 10 cents, one copy of the 60-cent book. Special terms to canvassers who wish to use the " New Webster Dictionary and Complete Vest-Pocket Library " in their work for the SENTINEL. Address AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond St., New York. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 fond Street, New York City. 