"Corrupted freemen are the worst of slaves." VOLUME L OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, JUNE, 1886. NUMBER 6. 371-2e 1:11121eFical2 3e0h2el. TIIMLISHED MONTHLY, BY TUB PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, OAKLAND, CAL. Entered at the Past-office in Oakland. THE National Reform Party proposes to make Christ King of the United States, and yet they maintain that the Government must still re-main a republic I Will the Christian States-man, or some other one of the advocates of this " reform," tell us how this thing can be? How Will They Do It? WHEN the National Reform Association shall have accomplished its task; when it shall have obtained its proposed amendments to the Con-stitution, and the consequent legislation; when, by the application of its religious tests it shall have secured the conformity of all Christians, and, by the application of the,  Rev. E. B. Gra-ham's mild-mannered measures; and the Rev. Jonathan Edwards's mode of Christian en-deavor, shall have cleared the country of all dissenters; when thus they shall have created their Christian nation, we should like very much to know how they are going to keep it Christian. There will be, constantly, and by thousands, those who will be coming of age, and who will assume the responsibilities of citi-zenship. Now if while the young were growing up any of them may have by any means imbibed sentiments of dissent from the Christian faith of the State; or if any of them should arro-gantly assume the privilege of thinking for themselves, and should thereby have been led *to question the right of the State to regulate the religious opinions of its citizens; what is the State going to do ? If it allows these " infi-dels " and "atheists " to become citizens, it will be no more a Christian nation than it is now. What, then, will their "reformed" nation do to preserve its Christian life and character? We can see nothing else than that it must do one of two things: Either apply the religious test to each individual as he comes of age, or else have all, the children born Christians. Now which scheme will be employed, we confess we are utterly at a loss to tell. Of course the latter would at one stroke obviate every difficulty; but how in the world they can accomplish it, is what puzzles us. Our desire is that some of those most in-terested in this "reform " will enlighten us on this point. The Republic of Israeli THIS expression must sound strange to the ears of every reader of the Bible; but we adopt it from the National Reformers, who, in their wondrous zeal for a religious Government in the United States, and in their equally won-drous determination to bend the facts of the Bible to suit their purpose, actually assert that the Government of Israel, instituted at Sinai, was a republic It was promised in the SENTINEL to show that these self-styled Reformers are in error in their theory of the kingdom of Christ, both in respect to the history and the prophecies of the Bible. In this number we will briefly examine the subject of history, to show that they greatly err in affirming that what they seek in the United States is in conformity with the Gov-ernment of Israel as it existed under the im- mediate direction of Jehovah. A writer in the Christian Statesman used the following lan- guage:Š " The nation of Israel was organized at Mt. Sinai, as I the custodians of the law, liberty, and religion of mankind.' A republican form of Government was given them. The three de-partments of Government, the legislative, exec-utive, and judicial, were substantially repre-sented in it. Moses, as the Judge or President, was the chief executive officer. The seventy elders formed the Congress of General Govern-ment. The court of the gate or civil Sanhe-drin was the arbiter of justice. The heads of the tribes and princes thereof constituted the tribal or State Governments. It was a repre-sentative Government. The people were sov-ereign. They elected their rulers to represent them in office." We are now dealing with factsŠfacts of his-tory; facts important in their relation to the question in issue, and it is, therefore, our duty to characterize statements in correct terms. The above extract is worse than a mere "fancy sketch;" it is a shameful perversion of the his-tory given in the Bible. We have seldom seen so much assumption in so little space as the above paragraph contains. 1. When Israel was called out of Egypt, the Government under which they were led was a theocracy, pure and simple. And every one knows that a theocracy is the very opposite of a republic. 2. There was no legislative department in the Government. A republic was well de- scribed by President Lincoln as a Government "of the people, by the people, and for the peo-ple." But no such Government was instituted at Sinai, or at any other place or time, for Israel. Even Moses, the highest among them, was not a legislator; !doses never made any laws. He enforced that, and that only, which he re-ceived directly from the Lord. 3. The seventy elders were not legislators; they never made any laws. They did not con-stitute a " Congress " in any sense in which that word is used in a republic or in any repre-sentative Government. The Statesman and its correspondents can only make these assertions good by pointing to the act by which they were constituted a legislative body, or pointing to some law which they enacted. This they cannot do. But by their failure to do this they will stand convicted of misrepresenting the Bible to serve the purpose of their worldly am-bition. There is not a Sunday-school scholar in the land, of intelligence and study, who does not know that God alone gave laws to Israel, which Moses and the seventy elders were to enforce and administer, with the explicit direc-tion to add nothing to them, or take anything from them. 4. The patriarchal system existed to the time of the exode. " Elders " were aged men, heads of families or tribes. The father of the family was priest and ruler, no matter how old his sons might be, nor how numerous their families. And his prerogative descended to the first-born. This order continued until the Lord chose one family to serve as .priests for the nation. At first elders were such in this sense only. 5. The Lord directed that seventy "from the elders " be selected by MosesŠnot making or to make them elders, butŠbecause they were elders. The word of the Lord was as fol-lows:Š " And the Lord said unto Moses, Gather unto me seventy men of the elders of Israel, whom thou knowest to be the elders of the people, and officers over them; and bring them unto the tabernacle of the congregation, that they may stand there with thee. And I will come down and talk with thee there; and I will take of the spirit which is upon thee, and will put it upon them; and they shall bear the burden of the people with thee, that thou bear it not thy-self alone. And the Lord came down in a cloud, and spake unto him; and took of the spirit that was upon him, and gave it unto the seventy elders; and it came to pass, that, when the spirit rested upon them, they prophesied, and did not cease." Num. 11 : 16, 17, 25. 6. The assertion that " the people were sov-ereign" is false even to an absurdity. They possessed no sovereignty in the Government in any respect whatever. Neither the people, nor Moses, nor the seventy, were consulted in regard to the laws they were to obey, or to the penalties to be enforced. They entered into 