frrlin AMER/CAN NTINEI.,Ł 259 of education in a Christian land, I will next ask you to consider the dangers and alarmingly deplor- able consequences that are certain to result here- from if persevered in for any considerable time. And when I speak of dangers and'deplorable con- sequences I do not wish to be understood as em- ploying these terms in the religious, but, rather in a temporalŠnational sense. Later on I will show how religion is affected by this system, but for the present I desire you to view it in connec-tion with national interests and national prosper-ity. In formulating the statement then that the present mode of instruction in use in this coun- try is dangerous and hostile to the dearest and best interests of the republic, there are many, I am sure, who can readily imagine that I am at-tempting too much, for there are those, and in-deed I suppose they are in the majority in this land, who actually believe that the prosperity of this country is dependent on the present system 'of education. They really, I believe, look upon it as, the very basis of the social orderŠthe pil-lars of the republic and the panoply and palla-dium of our national greatness. Now to disabuse such persons of this most erroneous idea, I would ask them if-they have ever considered on what national greatness and national prosperity must necessarily rest in order to be permanent. What is the basis of public orderŠhow is a nation's security to be attained ? Very 4ely such persons will tell me, by educa-tionŠby enlightening the masses. True, but not by education in the pagan or non-Christian sense, `fox, instruction to be a guarantee of permanency to IlitŠState must be of a religious character, inasmuch as the Christian republic reposes on moral principles, which, if withdrawn or ignored, the entire superstructure must necessarily come down with a crash. [Mr. Gleeson makes the same mistake that the National Reformers and all other national re-ligionists do, that is that this is a "Christian Na-tion," a " Christian republic," etc. Then, assuming what he ought to prove, he builds up his whole false system upon his assumption, and then, like the heathen of old, he exclaims, Behold this great Babylon that I have built by the might of my power, and for the honor of my majesty.] Enlightment alone is not sufficient to secure per-manency to a nation. The history of the world is an evidence of this. Babylon and Egypt and Greece and Rome were enlightened and highly cultured in the pagan sense, but where are they now. They fell because the basis on which they reposed was of a perishable character; it was not immortal, for there is no immortal basis on which nations can repose save that furnished by Christ Jesus in the divine, imperishable principles of the Christian religion. We have with us in this mat-ter of the necessity of combining religious with secular instruction in the training of youth, some of the greatest statesmen that have ever lived. The greatest andŁ wisest statesmen that ever lived have acknowledged this. With your per-mission I will quote some extracts from their writings, showing their views on this matter. And I will begin with this country, and with one whose name is revered by every loyal American, I mean George Washington. In his farewell address, that illustrious man speaks of the religious and moral dispositions of the people as intlinately connected with national prosperity, as being the very props and pillars on which human greatness necessarily rests. These are his words: "Of all the dispositions and hab-its which lead to political prosperity, religion and morality are indispensable supports. In vain would that man claim the tribute of patriotism who should labor to subvert these great pillars of human happiness, these firmest props of the du-ties of men and citizens. The mere politician, equally with the pious man, ought to respect and cherish them. A volume could not trace all their connections with public and private felicity. Let it be simply asked where is the security for prop-erty, for reputation, for life, if the sense of relig-ious obligations desert the oaths which are the instruments of investigation in the courts of jus-tice ? And let us with caution indulge the sup-position that morality can be maintained without religion. Whatever may be conceded to the in-fluence of refined education on minds of a pecu-liar structure, reason and experience both forbid us to expect that national morality can prevail in exclusion of religious principles." How impor-tant, then, according to the opinion of this illus-trious man, is not the inculcation of moral prin-ciples into the minds of the young. [True; but he did At say that this should be done by the State. Mr. Gleeson again assumes the very thing that he should prove. The controversy is not whether religion and morality should be taught or not; it is not whether these are essential or not. This is all allowed. The question is, Shall the State teach religion and morality ? The an-swer is, The State cannot do it. The State has neither the power nor the credentials for it. These are committed to the church. And the church in doing it, is not to do it-by the power-of the State, but by the power of God.] And again, the same great authority, as if in anticipation of the efforts that later on were to be made by his countrymen in essaying to teach moral obligations without the aid of religion, says: "Beware of the man who attempts to inculcate morality without religion." Yet, in the face of this, I may say dying declaration, of this coun-try's greatest champion, we have men calling themselves patriotsŠmen calling themselves lov-ers of their couptry's well-being doing all in their power, working with might and main-  to support a system-  of education that rigidly ex-cludes from the school-room the presence of re-ligion. Have such persons ever attentively read and carefully weighed the meaning of Washing-ton's words, "of all the dispositions and habits that lead to political prosperity, religion and morality are indiSpensable supports?" If we turn now to the great statesmen of Eu-rope we will find the same expression of senti-ment uttered by them in regard to the impor-tance and necessity of the inculcation of ethical principles in the case of the young. Thus, that eminent Protestant minister, Portalis, who dis-charged the office of public instructor under Napoleon I., said : " there is no instruction with-out education, and no proper education without morality and dogma. We must take religion as the basis of education; and if we compare what the instruction of the present day is with what it ought to be, we cannot help deploring the lot which awaits and threatens the present and future generations." This was thoughtful lan-guage; it was written, as one whose name I can-not recall has well remarked, by the lurid glare of the torch that had set all France in a blaze; it was written in the presence of the hecatombs of victims that had fallen before the popular fury, that had been sacrificed to the wild passions of the knob; it was written, in fine, by a man who was deploring the civil disasters that had befallen his country, and who was ready to trace them to their genuine sourceŠthe want of proper relig-ious instruction. Another even more eminent Protestant states-man and minister of public instruction under Louis PhilippeŠI mean Francois GuizotŠas-serted the same only in different words. "In order to make popular education (said this emi-nent man) truly good and socially useful (mark that) it must be fundamentally religious. I do not simply mean by this that religious instruction should hold its place in popular education and that the practice of religion should enter into it; for a nation is not religiously educated by such petty mechanical devices. It is necessary that national education (I wish you would mark this) should be given and received in the midst of a re-ligious atmosphere, and that religious impressions and religious observances should penetrate into all its parts." No Catholic laymen or Catholic clergyman could speak stronger than that. And what France's ablest statesmen have said in this regard has been echoed by England's foremost men. "Religion is not [says Lord Derby] a thing apart from education, but is interwoven Into its whole system. It is a principle which controls and regulates the whole mind and happiness of the people. Public education should be con-sidered as inseparable from religion." " Religion [said Lord John Russell] should regulate the en-tire system of dicipline. . . . To omit any inculcation of the duties of religionŠto omit in-structing the children in the principles of the love of God and the love of their neighbor, would be a grave, a serious and irreparable fault." Now listen to what that very eminent statesman, Sir Robert Peel, said on this matter. "I am [said he] for a religious as opposed to a secular education. I believe that such an education is only half an education, but with the most impor-tant half neglected." [These statements from Europeans were, grant-ing that they mean all that Mr. Gleeson intends them to mean, are not pertinent to this discussion in the United States; because they were all but parts of the Church and State systems of the na-tions in which they lived. The United States is away ahead of all that. Mr. Gleeson and all those who would put religion into the public schools are only trying to sway this Nation back into the evil tide with those.] So say all Catholics, and so say also a large num-ber of non-Catholics in this country, and though the majority be against us now, yet we hopefully look forward to the day when they will be on our side, and as ardent supporters as we are of relig-ious combined with secular instruction. I will not trespass. on your patience any further in this matter of quotation only while I put before you the sentiments of two more eminent statesmen, the one a German and the other an Englishman, but both non-Catholic. In 1879 Herr -Von Puttkamer, then minister of public instruction, said: " I am convinced that on the day on which we cease to make the saving teachings of the gospel the basis of education, the fall of our national civilized life will be inevitable." I would earnestly recommend the serious consideration of that statement to the men of this country who are wholly in favor of secular as opposed to secular combined with relig-ious instruction. And I would also recommend to the same the opinion of that great and noble-hearted Englishman, Mr. W. E. Gladstone, the "Grand Old Man," as he is called. " Every sys-tem," says Mr. Gladstone, "which places religious education in the background is per' nicions." Mind you, Mr. Gladstone does not merely say that the purely secular system is defective, but he says it is pernicious. The present system of education then, in this country, stands condemned in the light of the utterances of some of the greatest statesmen the world has ever produced. It is a system that rests upon a popular fallacy, that is, that you can have a people moral and virtuous without being taught to be such in the schools. Nowhere in the world can an instance of this nature be pointed to as an example. On the contrary, unbelief is the natural consequence of such a system, and the very moment_ that Christian principles are dis-, carded by the masses, that moment the country is in danger, for, as the immortal Washington has well remarked, religion and morality are the indispensable supports of the nation. Who are 