AMERICAN SENTINEL. 125 "Yes, I should say! The Jews, for instanceŠand Seventh-day Baptists."' "Not only these religious dissenters, but those who do not believe in Sunday, and would just as soon work or go fishing on Sunday as Monday." "If they put in a toleration plank it would have to be so wide that the law would be crowded to the wall; for everybody that slights Sunday would go over on the toleration basis. Aleck, these people are on the wrong side. I can see it." "I am glad you see it. But Cecil, you are not yet on the right side. You have told me several times that if I could prove to you that you needed divine aid, you would come to God, renouncing yourself." "Yes," said Cecil, in a low tone. "Indeed, Aleek, I have renounced self as far as I know how." "Then here is your test. Sunday is not the Sabbath day. God's law says, 'The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God.' In view of your need of divine aid, when the world is rallying against this living truth, what are you going to do?" F. E. B. A Card. To all interested in carrying the gospel ofJesusChrikt to theinhabitants of other lands and who desire to assist in supporting missionaries already placed and others who may engage in the work, the opportunity is given to make an offering to the Foreign Mission Board of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination. Such donations should be sent to W. H. Edwards, the Treasurer of the Board, 1730 North Fifteenth Street, Philadelphia, Pa. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write Names Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bana Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. AMERICAN SENTIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom-promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. Single Copy, Per Year $1.00. " Six months .50. Three months .25. ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York. ALMOST A MAN.-104w' A frank talk to a boy who was "almost a man," and the good it did him. As it is in story form, every boy will read it, and be the better for it, as was to the boy in the story. It is intended to help mothers and teachers in the delicate task of teaching the lad con-cerning himself, purely, yet with scientific accuracy. "I find it invaluable in my work among stu-dents."ŠMargaret Hamilton, Shaw University, Ral-eigh, N. C. "Your booklets are a blessing to mothers, young children, and developing boys and girls, and my heart goes up in heartfelt gratitude for them. My boy, fourteen, said after reading `Almost a Man,' `Mama, I feel better after reading that book; my thoughts are higher.' "ŠNellie P. Witham, Olympia, Wash. Price, postpaid, 25 cents. ALrIOST A WOMAN.--04.44." Every mother should prepare her daughter for the changes that accompany development into woman-hood. Many mothers do not know how best to give this instruction. They neglect this duty; invalidism for the daughter is too often the result. "Almost a Woman" gives this necessary instruc-tion, in the form of a mother's talk with her daugh-ter. Read what a few have said about it:Š "Your little book, 'Almost a Woman,' can hardly fail to meet with a warm welcome from puzzled teach-ers and parents, and to be of great value to thou-sands of young girls."ŠMay H. Prentice, Training Teacher Cleveland Normal School. "My satisfaction with this little book increased with every page. It is just what young girls need, and supplies a want long felt by mothers,Šthe pre-sentation, in well-chosen language, of what girls ought to know, but which mothers find difficulty in telling."ŠAbby Mortor Diaz, Woman's Educational and Industrial Union, Boston, Mass. "I received your little booklet, `Almost a Wo-man,' and upon reading it was delighted with the subject matter, and the manner in which it was handled. 1 placed it in the hands of my daughters, eleven and thirteen years of age, and am sure it will be of the greatest benefit to them for many years to come. I wouldn't have had them fail to receive this information for many dollars. Please accept my greatest thanks for the book, and my gratitude as a mother of girls that you were inspired to write t his book."ŠMinnie B. Horning, Nat'l Supt. Press Dept. W. C. T. U., Chicago, Ill. Price, postpaid, - - - 25 cents. Postage stamps accepted. PACEFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York City. 