JANUARY 23, 189g. A.ML1HAL-tireA.fii g-nINT'VYNI:5'2.4t4 29 this, the people are sleeping while they are being bound, and their liberties slowly but surely being stolen from them by well-mean-ing but terribly mistakened men. At the meeting in question one of the speakers, a prominent clergyman, said that there was a sort of a feeling that this was Church and State; but he declared it was " as free from Church and State as the laws against murder." But in almost the same breath he made two statements that proved this denial to be without a foundation. A good deal was said concerning the Sunday saloon, giving the crusade the air of a tem-perance movement. And as one reason why the saloons should be closed on Sunday, he said: " The great body of the American peo-ple keep Sunday." And again: " We are simply saying, You can't buy it [liquor] on Sunday." These statements analyzed prove conclusively that this is a union of Church and State. Let us see. Why do people keep Sunday? And why this demand for the enforcement of statutes in order that those who desire " can't buy it on Sunday " ? There is one answer, and only one that can be given: It is because the Sun-day is regarded by the Church as a sacred day. Were it not for this, we should never have heard of these leagues. More than this: the Sunday "laws" were secured through the influence and power of the Church. Were it not so, we should never have heard of a Sun-day " law." It stands like this: The Church holds that Sunday should be observed as a day of rest. The Church secured the Sunday "laws." The Church demands their enforce-ment. But they cannot be enforced except by civil authority. If, therefore, the State, through its officers, should accede to these de-mands, it will be nothing less, it ciin be noth-ing less than a union of the twoŠa union of Church and State. This is just as plain and just as true as that two and two make four. Remember, that we impugn the motives of no one; but we do know that these men are ter-ribly mistaken and only wish that they would depend, not upon the power of the State, but upon the power of the gospel to work out reformation. Ł THE "DANGEROUS  DEMAND." [The Midland (Mich.) Republican, Jan. 10.] THE effort is being made, a joint resolution having already been introduced during this session of Congress, to secure an amendment to the Constitution of the United States, or to the preamble thereof, so as to make it read as follows, the words in parenthesis being the new feature which it is proposed to add:Š PREAMBLE. We, the people of the United States (acknowledg-ing Almighty God as the source of all power and au-thority in civil government, the Lord Jesus Christ as the ruler of nations, and his revealed will as of su-preme authority in civil affairs), in order to form a more perfect union, establish justice, ensure domestic tranquillity, provide for the common defense, promote the general welfare, and secure the blessings of lib-erty to ourselves and our posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America. If the resolution is passed by CongressŠtwo-thirds of each houseŠwhich we hope is impossible, the proposed amendment will then be submitted to the several States for ratifi-cationŠor rather, it is to be hoped, for con-demnation. What good can such an interpolation do ? Will it make any man or woman any better in heart or life? Will it make believers of un- believers, or increase the faith of any? Will it feed or clothe or comfort any who are suf-fering? No! But the harm it may do is limitless. Is this nation ready to turn its back on the wis-dom of its founders and on its traditions and deliberately adopt a national religion and a national creed and pave the way for a complete " union of Church and State " ? The preamble to the Constitution is, and should remain, a clear cut statement of def-inite purpose. The words it is proposed to introduce, mean something with reference to the future of this nation, or they mean noth-ing. If they mean nothing in particular, they have no right in the Constitution. If they mean something, and they doŠmore than some of those who are clamoring for their interpolation supposeŠthey mean a national religion. The statement concerning "His revealed will as of supreme authority"  means that that will, or what is thought to be His will, is to be interpreted and ap-plied to all the affairs of the nation and of government in its various branches and sub-divisions. But, as no one will claim that His will in relation to all these modern details is to be found in the Bible, it means that there must be some earthly authority, one person, or sev-eral, whose announcement (revelation) of the supreme will as applied to government in gen-eral, and all cases that may arise in particu-lar, shall be finalŠsupreme! That is what it meansŠthe hand of man, assuming to act for Christ upon all things. Do we want it? Do we want to turn the hands on the dial of prog-ress back to the time when Bruno was put to death for his opinions, or when Michael Ser-vetus was foully and cruelly murdered, slowly burned to death, according to law, by author-ity of John Calvin? We've had within a few months men sen-tenced to prison and to the chain-gang in the United States because their religious opinions and observances do not agree with those of others. We've had a Joseph Cook telegraph-ing the President to " send troops "Šcourting the chances of bloodshedŠbecause his idea of a religious observance was in danger of being disturbed. Do we want to amend the Consti-tution so that more and worse may follow? But some may say these things do not con-cern us here in this corner, and should not be agitated. They do concern us; the question is before the country. TheŁ joint resolution has been introduced in Congress. Congress should know what the people think about it. If the people want it, then they must have it and try it. Bnt they should look at it on both sides and all through. They should realize what it means. If this resolution passes Con-gress, it will have to be acted on by the people of Michigan. Ł The Republican believes that every one should consider this subject carefully. It is of just as much interest to us all as the Ven-ezuelan boundary and the possibility of a war with EnglandŠeven more, for it pertains to what we propose to do with ourselves. . . . England may say whether she will go to war with us, but this question she cannot settle for us. And we're glad of it. We must do it our-selves. She might make a wrong decision. We must not. IT is an established law that every man has a right to do as he pleases so long as he doesn't interfere with other people's rights. A law that violates this principle is not right, and this Blue Law does. ŠSouth Pittsburg ( Tenn. ) Republican. PERSECUTION FOR CONSCIENCE' SAKE. [Weekly Messenger, St. Albans, Vt., Dec. 26, 1895.] IN the town of Darrel, Ontario, a few weeks ago three ministers were arrested for alleged violation of the statutes of that province of the English nation, relating to the observance of the sabbath day or Sunday. They were tried, convicted, and fined, in default of which they were sent to the county jail for periods of from forty to sixty days. These clergymen, regularly ordained and recognized by the believers in their particular form of religious faith, were Seventh-day Adventists, that is to say, they interpret the Mosaic command regarding the of servance of one day in the week as a day of rest and worship literally, and observe the seventh day as the Sabbath. So far as any divine warrant exists or ever has existed for the observance of any one day of the week, these men and their associate believers are clearly and unmistak-ably in the right. The change from the seventh to the first day of the week was purely and entirely of human origin and was made by purely human authority. No claim ever has been or can now be made in sup-port of a divine warrant for the change. These clergymen hold it a matter of religious ob-ligation to observe the seventh day and no claim was made by their prosecutors, or rather persecutors, that they have not scru-pulously kept the tablets of their faith in this regard. One of the congregations or societies over which these ministers were called as religious guides and teachers determined upon the erection of a new church edifice. The society was poor and was in a measure dependent upon the personal and manual labor of its members for the successful pros-ecution of the effort. Having obeyed what to them was an explicit command of the Almighty and kept Saturday as the Sabbath, these clergymen saw no reason why they should not devote a portion of the following day in the furtherance of their plans for building a new church structure. The place where the building was being erected was removed from all other houses of worship and consequently the work upon it did not disturb the worshipers at other religious shrines. The three clergymen gave their services without money and without price and were engaged at the time of their arrest in slacking lime to assist in laying the found-ation of the new church. The Lord's day act of Ontario does not mention any of the profession in its provi-sions, nor farmers nor gardeners, but does inhibit mechanics, artificers, etc., from the pursuit of their callings on the first day of the week. It was alleged these men, besides being ministers, were also carpenters, and the arrests were made and conviction secured upon this ground. Admitting they were in technical violation of the statutes of Ontario in slacking lime on the so called sabbath day, they were not working for hire, were engaged in religious work as truly as the janitors, sextons, organ- ists, even ministers of any and every other church in the community or the entire province of Ontario. It is just as clearly a religious work to slack lime for building the foundations of a house of religious wor-ship as to toll the bell, to blow or play the organ, build, light and replenish the fires, light the gas or turn the electric button, raise or lower the windows' or window cur- tains, or robe or disrobe the minister of a completed house of worship. As a matter 