102 AMERICAN SENTINEL. liew Sunday Legislation in Missouri. A BILL has been introduced in the Missouri House of Representatives, and passed by that body, which if it be-comes a law, will prohibit all games of any kind, public or private, in any part of that State, on the first day-of the week. In the Kansas City Star, of February 3, we note the -following relative to the discussion of the measure in the House:Š " JEFFERSON CITY, Feb. 3.ŠWhen Burroughs, of Howell County, a young man fresh from college, intro-duced a bill in the House to make it a misdemeanor to play base ball on Sunday, and Regan, of St. Louis, taunted him with the declaration that Howell County was so hilly that it contained no place that would give room for a base ball diamond on flat ground, nobody thought that the bill would pass, but it went through the House yesterday afternoon, 77 to 42, and was de-bated afterward. "It was the amended bill that passed, but in reality -the old statute against horse-racing and cock-fighting, is only reenacted and the new portion only prohibits play-ing base ball and all other games. If it shall pass the Senate and become a law it will not only prohibit base ball games of any kind on Sunday, but the small boy who plays marbles in the back yard or his father who plays a game of chess in the pallor on Sunday will be liable to be hauled off to jail in the middle of the game. Unless the Supreme Court shall fall back on 'the old theory of ejusdein generis, which put an end to the prosecution of the ballot box stuffing cases, it is a serious question whether if this bill becomes a law it will not be held that it is an offense against the peace and dignity of the great State of Missouri for small girls to play with their dolls on Sunday, even though saloons are permitted to run wide open on that day." "The bill was fairly railroaded through. The roll call began before members realized what was going on, and though a dozen tried to make speeches by way of ex-plaining their votes, Collins, of Scotland, who happened to be in the chair, shut them off very promptly. "After the bill had been paAsed, Johnston, of St. Louis County, moved to reconsider, and for an hour there was the warmest kind of debate. Martin "roasted" the House for passing a bill which, he declared, was worse than the old Blue Laws of Connecticut. Crisp voiced his antagonism to the bill and declared that for twenty gen-erations members of his family, when they knocked at the pearly gates of heaven, pleaded the promises of God, and that he did not propose to depend for his hope of future happiness on pleading the statutes of Missouri, the sufficiency of which he questioned. "At 9 o'clock this morning the discussion was re-sumed on Johnston's motion to reconsider. Wade, of Springfield, surprised the House by urging reconsidera-tion. He said that in the cities there were thousands who were too poor to dress their children properly to go to church... . . "Fitzgerald, who is tall and gaunt, twisting one long leg around the other and leaning against a desk in the middle of the House, said : 'I desire to ask the gentleman if he believes that when our forefathers landed at Ply- mouth Rock they would have spent one hour playing base ball on Sunday?' . . . " Whitecotton said the House would find before this year should end that no man was more rin favor of good morals than he, but this was a measure which could not be justified. `The idea,' he said, seems to prevail here that the public can be made good by law. I say, as a former prosecutor and an attorney, that it breeds con-tempt for law to place on your statute books laws which the people will not respect. This law is unjust, unmoral, and I will show you by the example of the lowly Nazarene that it is unchristian. Your law will forbid the playing of a game of croquet on Sunday or arrest little boys for playing marbles. This bill is undemocratic; it is against American manhood; it is intolerant.' " After some further discussion, the motion to recon- sider was tabled by a vote of 71 to 52. The bill was sent to the Senate, where, as is reported, it met with no very flattering reception. What further fortune may have come to it we have not yet learned. -4 What Religion ? BY M. E. KELLOGG. ONE cannot but remark that when one of our Ameri-can journalists describes the atrocities practised by the Kurd or the Turk upon the Armenians, he is' careful to preface the words "Kurd" or " Turk " with the word "Mohammedan," and the word "Armenian" with the word "Christian." But when the same writers describe the cruelties practised by one people upon another, where both are professedly Christian, they drop those words out of their vocabulary. The following from an editorial in the Inter Ocean will illustrate the point: "Cruelties not excelled by those of the Mohammedan Turk upon the hapless Armenian Christian have been perpetrated upon the Cuban by the Spaniard." Why this sudden transition in the use of descriptive words, in so short a sentence? Why not give the cruel Spaniard the benefit of being Christian, as well as the cruel Turk the name of being Mohammedan? Or why not qualify the rebellious Cuban with the designation of Christian as well as the equally rebellious Armenien? There can be but one reason : It would be a great shock to the feelings of Christians to designate a Christian as a murderer; but the thought of a Mohammedan mur-derer gives them a very complacent and self-satisfied feeling. But, really, where is the difference? Is a Christian(?) murderer any better than a Mohammedan murderer? And if it is proper to describe a murderer by telling what religion he professes, why not serve the murderers of all religions equally alike? Probably General Weyler is far more responsible for the atrocities perpetrated upon the Cubans before his eyes, than the Sultan of Turkey is for things done in remote parts of his empire by men over whom he never at the best exercised much control. Yet this will not be charged to Weyler's religion. 