3862 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. of religion. No wonder the words of the distinguished Sunday-school teacher, to the Bethany school, were somewhat pessi-Mistic. But let Mr. Wanamaker take courage, the incoming party will no doubt develop a religion which he may yet be able to endorse, ex-officially, as it were. W. H. M. "The Constitution and Religion." [Bitter attacks and counter attacks have lately been made upon each other by Catholics and Prot-estants through the press of Chicago. The imme-diate cause of this was a sermon by Dr. R. S. Martin, pastor of Grace Methodist Church, in which he charged Roman Catholics with being enemies of the Government, and announced his refusal to at-tend the first meeting of the World's Congress . of Churches, which met at the Auditorium, Friday evening, October 22, because the speaker of the evening was Archbishop Ireland of the Roman Catholic Church. Drawn out by this there appeared in the Chicago Evening Post an expression of views from a non-churchman, who looked upon the situation from the standpoint of a citizen, and " Interested Out-sider," and though awake to the hatred for each other which exists in the hearts of the members of the two great divisions of the so-called "Christian Church," in this so called " Christian Nation," still thought the Constitution of the United States able to protect these belligerents from each other. In a following issue of the Post, A. F. Ballenger commented upon the positions taken by this " In-terested Outsider " in the language reprinted be-low.] Editor of the Evening Post: In your Tuesday evening's issue " In-terested Outsider " painted a picture, sad but true to life, representing the malig-nant sectarian hatred everywhere mani-festing itself. Your correspondent draws aside the curtain, presents the forces in battle array and then instantly gives the order to disband in the following words: " There is no danger of any church, Ro-mish or otherwise (Protestant), gaining control of this country. The Constitution is safe and the clergy should thank their several and individual gods that the, Con-stitution is back of them. . . . There will be no religious war. If one should appear the United States will mingle with it, and heads will be cracked indiscrim-inately, Protestant and Catholic alike." Your correspondent shows greater knowl-edge of ecclesiastical party contentions than he does of the Constitution of the United States and recent federal court decisions. The Constitution upon which his optimistic view is based, in the light of recent decisions, is valueless in the direction of protecting us from the strife of religious controversies. Judge Ham-mond, of the United States Circuit Court for western Tennessee, recently declared, in the case of R. M. King vs. The State of Tennessee, that " they (the founders of our Government) left the States the most absolute power oil the subject (of religion), and any of them might, if they chose, establish a creed and a church and main-tain it." Again, the United States Supreme Court recently decided that " this is a Christian Nation." The Supreme Court is above the Constitution since it has power to interpret it. Now that it has been decided that this is a Christian Na-tion the next question to be decided is, who are the Christians ? Protestants claim that they exclusively are the Chris-tians, and'the Catholics just as vehemently make this claim for themselves. Just so sure as Constantine was compelled in the fourth century, after adopting Christian-ity as the religion of the empire, to de-cide which of the contending factions was  the "legitimate and most holy Catholic Church," so now the next logical and in-evitable step to be taken is to decide which of the contending elements is entitled to be called Christians. Having done this, the Government will have become a par-tisan to a religious controversy, and will thereby lose its power to keep the peace, the power which your correspondent, after presenting a most forbidding state of af-fairs, falls back upon for safety. Already Congress is beginning to act upon this Supreme Court decision. Con-gressmen with this decision in their hands argued on the floor of Congress that since this Nation had been decided by the Su-preme Court to be a Christian Nation, it was the duty of Congress to protect the " Christian Sabbath " by closing the World's Fair on Sunday. Congress ac-quiesced and thereby enlisted the Gov-ernment of the United States on one side of a religious controversy, not only as to which is the " Christian Sabbath," but also as to the proper way of observing it. The trouble has only just begun, and the Constitution is powerless, under recent in-terpretations given it, to keep the peace. A Hindrance to Religion. THE Christian says: " It is surely no favorable symptom that a bull-ring of colossal dimensions and capable of ac-commodating 12,000 spectators has been opened at Lisbon. What good influence can the national religion exert when the Sunday is devoted to such a debasing, brutal pursuit ?" Indeed it is not a favorable symptom. There is nothing good about it. But what about the question that is asked,Š"What good influence can the national religion exert when the Sunday is devoted to such debasing, brutal sports ?" The answer must be, None. The national re-ligion can do no good for various reasons, one of which is that the national religion is favorable to such things, and another is that national religion never did and never can do any good. Individual re-ligion would put a stop to such practices, if the religion were of the right kind, and if there were enough individuals who pos-sessed it. But national religion means religion by law, and law never made any-body good. National religion fosters such things, because national religion is necessarily at the expense of individual religion of the vital sort. When there is a national re-ligion, people naturally come to think that nothing is required except what the law of the land demands, which is neces-sarily nothing but form and ceremony, and so they do not realize the necessity of a change of heart. But when the heart is unchanged, the evil that is in it will find vent in some way. But leaving the question of national religion aside, think of the question again. It shows a growing tendency of the age. The idea is growing among the churches that much of 'the work of evangelizing the world must be done by the secular authority; in other words, that the world must evangelize itself. The State is re-quired to prohibit Sunday amusements, in order that religion may make more headway. Fancy the apostles lodging a complaint that they could do nothing, because the Roman Government provided so many amusements to keep the people away from church! No; they went  ahead and preached the gospel, and its power turned the people away from those vanities. A gospel that can not do that is not a gospel at all, and ought not to be preached. It was only when men lost the power of the gospel, that they be-sought aid from the civil power. The indifference of government is not the hindrance to the progress of religion. The early Christians, as well as the mis-sionaries to India and China, have dem-onstrated that. The only thing that can hinder the progress of true religion is the lack of it in the hearts of those who pro-fess it and whose duty it is to proclaim it.ŠPresent Truth, London. Unconstitutionality of Sunday Laws. Ix a late number of the Mail and Ex-press Secretary Knowles, of the American Sabbath Union, answers objections to Sun-day legislation. Among those noticed is the following :Š It is unconstitutional for Congress to pass any law relating to Sunday. Answer. Laws on this subject Š State and Federal, constitutional and statutoryŠhave existed from the beginning of our history and are vindi-cated by decisions of the Supreme courts of twenty-five States and by recent decisions of the United States Supreme Court in 1885 and 1892, which interpret and outrank the Tripoli treaty and the action of Congress on Sunday mails in 1829, both of which are sometimes illogically quoted against such legislation, The decisions of the various courts in the various States present a medley of contradictions. Some defend legislation in favor of SundayŠon extreme theocratic groundsŠfalsely assuming that the Mo-saic legislation concerning the Sabbath is now applicable to Sunday, and that the United States should follow in the foot-steps of Moses, and enforce Sunday observ-ance as Moses did Sabbath observance. These decisions are the strongest support-ers of Mr. Knowles's position, although he would undoubtedly interpret them more liberally than the judges did who have made them. But the question is not one of personal opinion, or even of judicial interpretation. The underlying principle involved is larger and more vital than any of the opinionsŠconservative or liberal. The popular cry in favor of congressional interference is :Š This is a Christian Nation ; the Christian Sab-bath [Sunday] is the distinctive exponent of our national Christianity; it ought to be put on exhibi-tion at Chicago as the best product of our Christian civilization; therefore, the national Government should interfere, and protect and exalt Sunday. Let this be granted for the moment, that the reader may see what follows. If Con-gress ought to enforce the observance of Sunday because this is a "Christian Na-tion," and Sunday is the "Christian Sab-bath," it ought also to enforce regard for every practice that is "Christian." And since creeds and practices are closely united, as cause and result, Congress ought to enforce the acceptances of creeds that are " Christian," and thus establish in Coto the pagan doctrine of State religion. In-deed, Congress has already assumed to decide the national creed in the matter of Sunday, by declaring that Sunday shall be observed under the national law. This decision is extra and antibiblicalŠas much is which has been decreed by State reli-gious legislation; so that the law has in effect superseded the law of God and the teaching of the Bible. Baptism is an es-sentially "Christian practice;" if a "Christian Nation" should enforce regard, 