646 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. it was their belief that the greatest happiness con-sisted in bearing unconcernedly whatever fate might bring to a person. The Epicurean system soon de- generated into a mere practice of the well-known motto: " Let us eat and drink, for to-morrow we die," and there is no doubt that it contributed in no small degree to the licentiousness and profligacy of the,  Roman Empire during its last declining years, and that the final collapse of Rome was largely due to the debauching,influence of this system. As for the utilitarian system, which has of late superseded those just spoken of, it must indeed he admitted that its tendency is of a more elevating''. character, but in spite of this it has been comparaŠtively barren of results so far, chiefly for the reason, no doubt, that its own adherents are still dissatisfied with the system and are continually striving to per-fect it by applying to it the process of evolution, and as, there is little hope of ever completing this proc-ess, the prospects for deriving any benefits from this system for our rising generation in the way of inculcating morality in the public schools of our country are meager enough indeed. It will also pay us here to cast a glance at China, where the renowned moralist Confucius inaugurated a system of moraIityz on a non-religious basis thou;  sands of years agO,,whith is clung to with remark-able tenacity by his nation to this very day. Con-fucius incultated as the chief precepts of morality, veneration for ancestors and their customs, and filial obedience 'on the part of children to their parents and on the part "of subjects to their government.' What haire been the effects of this system upon the Chinese people? It has Made the Chinese a bigoted, self-satisfied people, 'hating bitterly every reform that would better their condition. It has made them a race of slaves and cowards, easily kept in humili-ating bondage by a tyrannical goVernment, whose rapacious officials regard the people merely as a source from which to extort as much money as pos-sible for their own benefit. Yes, teaching morality on a non-religious basis is an, experiment that has been tried again and again in various ages and sections of the world, and thus far every attempt has proved a failure, and those who are .now advocating its being tried in our public schools: are not likely to have'ariy better success with it.. It is still true what the wise man said three thou-sand years ago, that " the fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom." , There is no true foundation  for morality save that furnished by the divine Word, as Doctor Luther has stated so admirably in his " Small Catechism," in his explanation of the com-mandments. This one foundation for true morality is the fear and love of God. THE ENGLISH RITUAL CONTROVERSY. From the Literary Digest. THE fires of the ever-threatening ritual contro-versy in the English Church, after a, short period of comparative quiescence,, show signs of renewed ac-tivity. After the successive pronouncements of the archbishops against the use of ceremonial incense, moving lights, and, latest of all, the reservation of the Sacrament, a proposal was made that a " Round Table Conference " on ritual be convened, represent-ing all parties in the church, in the hope of an ami-cable agreement. Now, however, such hopes of compromise seem to have become slighter than ever: At ,a recent meeting of the English Church UnionŠwhich represents the High-Church elementŠofficial declarations were passed which condemn the opinion of the archbishops on reservation, and once more make evident the width and depth of the chasm which divides"' Catholic " from Evangelical in the Church of England. The declaratiorrstates that it is the teaching of " the whole Catholl faith " that " in the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper the bread and wine, through the operation of the Holy Ghost, become, in and by consecration, according to our Lord's insti-tution, verily and indeed, the Body and Blood of Christ, and that Christ our Lord, present in the same most Holy Sacrament of the Altar under the form of bread and wine, is to be worshiped and adored." A great cry has arisen from the Protestant Łparty in the church over these words, which, however, only announce a doctrine of the Real Presence held by many in the Anglican Church for a long time, al-though probably never asserted with such publicity and emp-essement before. Roman Catholic papers say that this statement is by no means the doctrine of transubstantiation, since it is not asserted that the whole. elements of the bread and wine become the body and blood of Christ. But for the ordinary English Protestant the doctrine of the Real Presence in any form is abhorrent, and the columns of the Times, and of the leading religious papers contain many protestations, interrogations, and explanations. The extreme press of either side is urging the intro- 