Equal and axactjustice to all Men, of Whatever state or cerguagion, religious or Political.ŠThomas Jefferson. VOLUME 7. NEW YORK, DECEMBER 15, 1892. NUMBER 49. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE Ł PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND ST., NEW YORE. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN. W. H. MCKEE. THE campaign now in progress over the question of Sunday and the World's Fair, is in fact simply a continuation of the false and unconstitutional steps already taken by Congress. INSTEAD of insisting without any qual-ification that the question of opening or closing the Fair on Sunday is entirely beyond the just jurisdiction or even con-sideration of Congress; instead of de-demanding the unconditional repeal of the Sunday-closing provisos adopted by Congress, so as to put the whole question back where it was before Congress touched it, and keep it there; the demand is made that Congress shall legislate to open the Fair for the same reasons precisely that it legislated to close the Fair. CONGRESS was required to close the Fair on Sunday because Sunday is the " Christian Sabbath;" because it would promote the " proper " observance of the day as such; because of its benefits to re-ligion in general; and because "this is a Christian Nation." And now Congress is requested to open the Fair on Sunday, because Sunday is the "Christian Sab-bath;" because it will set such an ex-ample of proper Sabbath observance as nothing else could; because it will be so pre-eminently promotive of religion; and because " this is a Christian Nation." THE City Council of Chicago, as offi-cially representing that city, sends up its memorial and petition to Congress " that the gates of the World's Columbian Ex-position be not closed on Sunday ;" but  that all machinery be stopped " to the end that quiet may prevail which is in keeping with the Sabbath; " and " that suitable accommodations be provided within the Exposition grounds for hold-ing religious services on the Sabbath day, to the end that all the denominations may have worship conducted according to their several customs without obstruction or hindrance." "IN support of the foregoing petitions" the council cites " considerations," among which the following are prominent :Š We recognize and rejoice_in the fact that our country is and always has been a Christian Nation. We believe that the United States, as a Christian country, should open the gates on Sunday as a rec-ognition of the fact that in no branch of human interest or thought has there been more progress during that four hundred years than in the Chris-tian Church. Another great:reason why the Exposition should be open Sunday is to be found in the opportunity that would thus be provided for religious services on a grand scale on that day within the various buildings. The multitudes could worship together according to the dictates of their own consciences and the forms of their religion. Would it not be a good thing to throw the sanc-tity of religious worship about the great temple dedicated to the things of use and beauty ? Ł Would not the people of other lands carry with them to their homes more pleasing and fonder recollections of the Exposition on account of the religious services they might here attend ? Finally, would it not be a grand object-lesson, to see people of all phases of religious belief wor-shiping within the same grounds and often under the same roof ? Such a thing would be without precedent. THE petition and reasons given by Pres-ident Higinbotham of the Fair Direc-tory, for the opening of the Fair on Sun-day are substantially the. same as those given by the City Council of Chicago. It is so, likewise, with the petition and rea-sons of the Sunday opening association of which the Chicago Herald is the leader. So that the aim and object and the sum of the whole matter is well expressed by the Chicago Tribune, December 3, in report-ing the letter of Cardinal Gibbons in fa-vor of Sunday opening. It says :Š The possibilities for a series of religious demon- strations at the park become more and more man-ifest. With the leading religious and moral teach-ers of Europe and America to conduct services every Sunday, with sacred music produced by choruses embracing, perhaps, thousands of trained voices, Sunday at the World's Fair will be one of the grandest recognitions of the Sabbath known to modern history. ANOTHER significant phase of the con-test is, that while Archbishops Ireland, Gross, and Riordan, of the Catholic Church, favor Sunday closing of the Fair, Cardinal Gibbons and other archbishops favor Sunday opening. While most of the bishops of the Protestant Episcopal Church, and ministers of other professed Protestant churches demand Sunday closing, Bishop Potter, of the Protestant Episcopal Church and other prominent ministers of that and other so-called Protestant churches, demand Sunday open-ing. But whether the demand be for Sun-day closing or for Sunday opening of the Fair, it is made by all these in the interests of Sunday, to promote its observance and the more to exalt it as the great " Christian" institution. THEREFORE the conclusion of the whole matter is, that instead of there being a movement to have Congress abandon the usurpation which it has practiced, uncon-ditionally repeal this unconstitutional legislation, and take its position again where alone it belongs; this is a move-ment to have Congress continue its usur-pation, multiply its unconstitutional legis-lation, and confirm itself in the unlawful position which it has taken. Instead of insisting that Congress can never of right have anything at all to do in any way with the question as to whether Sunday should be observed at all or not, this is only an effort to have Congress decide what will best and most powerfully pro-mote the observance of that day which Congress has already unconstitutionally and irreverently decided is " the Chris-tian Sabbath." This movement and the legislation which it demands is just as much in the interests of the church power, and is just as much to please this power, 