THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 371 " We may be subjected to some rebuffs in our first proffers, and the time has not yet come when the Roman Church will consent to strike hands with other churches, as such; but the time has come to make repeated advances, and gladly to accept co-operation in any form in which they may be willing to exhibit. It is one of the necessities of the situa-tion." The same sentiment was expressed by the ChriStian Statesman, Dec. 11, 1884, in these words: " Whenever they [the Catholics] are will-ing to co-operate in resisting the progress of polit-ical atheism, we will gladly join hands with them." This shows what Protestants are willing to do. Bnt let us see how the Catholics look at this. We have their answer given in the Baltimore Convention, which closed its session in that city on the 11th ult. In the platform adopted by that congress the Catholics say:Š "There  are many Christian issues in which the Catholics could come together with non-Catholics and shape civil legislation for the public good. In spite of rebuff and injustice, and,  overreaching zealotry, we should seek an alliance with the non-Catholics for proper Sunday observance." When two parties are so earnestly seeking each other, there can be no question but that they will soon come together. For the purpose of "resist-ing political atheism," by which they mean the secular theory of government, which has been, thus far, the prevailing one in this country, the Catholics and Protestants, so called, are now virt-ually one; for they have the same object in view. And if in 1828 there was danger in a combination formed by some sixty thousand Protestants to accomplish a political object, viz., the discontinuance of mails on Sunday, how much greater is the danger when ten million Catholics unite with an equal if not larger number of Protestants, to demand, not only the disContinuance of the mails on Sunday, but that the Constitution of the nation shall be moulded "according to the principles of the church." There is danger, and not the least danger lies in the fact of the indifference of those who, while not in sympathy.  with this National Reform scheme, do not actively oppose it, and think that it'- can never amount to anything. Americans would do well to remember that "eternal vigi-lance is the price of liberty." C. P. BOLLMAN. Christianity and the State. THE bishop of Peterborough presided at the diocesan conference at Leicester yesterday. Sum-ming up a discourse on Socialism, the bishop said they must be careful, while knowing that many of the advocates of Socialism held doctrines which were very dangerous, that they give full credit to the nobility of motive and tenderness of' sympathy with suffering and wrong which had stirred many of those persons. Christianity, however, made no claim to re-arrange the economic relations of men in the.  State and in society, and he hoped_ he would be understood when he said plainly that it was his firm belief that any Christian State carrying out in all its relations the sermon on the mount could not exist for a week. It was perfectly clear that a State could not continue to eiigt upon what were commonly called Christian principles, and it was a mistake )tb attempt to turniiChrist's 'kingdom-into one of this world. To introduce the, principles of Christianity into the laws of the State would, lead'-te absolute intolerance. The law of Chris- tianity was self-sacrifice, impelled by love ; the principle of the State was justice, impelled by force. The State had to do justice between man and man, and to ,restrain violence; the duty of the church was clear, namely, not to. voice , Christian principles on the statute-book, but to inculcate in the minds of men, both capitalist and laborer alike, to do unto others as they would others should do unto them; to infuse into the minds of men the great, principles of justice, to try to make labor just toward capital, and cap-ital just and fair toward labor ŠLondon Standard. Why Not Bless a Republic? SOME people seem 'surprised that a Catholic archbishop should giye his blessing to the New Brazilian republic, as though the Catholic Church was necessarily opposed to republican governments. The form of government is not of so much consequence to Rome as her opportunity to manipulate the government for the benefit of the church. True, the Roman Church is an absolute monarchy so far as church government is concerned, but she is shrewd enough to make the most of every situation. And 'while the popular voice in Brazil was for a republic, it was characteristic of Jesuitical policy to ride in, with the tide, and be present at the christening. It would have been poor policy for "the church" to have taken any chances on losing its prestige in the country at such a crisis. We may rest assured that the "blessing" in this case was, first, for the benefit of the church and its establish-ment in the new order of things. But we must not forget that Romanism finds many good opportunities in a republic which she does not find in some monarchies, especially in those monarchies where the State churches are anti-Catholic. There is no doubt that the emis-saries of Rome find far less hindrance to their aggressive work in the United States than in Russia, Germany, England, or, we might say, Italy, Catholic as it is. The key to the favorable opportunities which a republic offers to Catholi-cism is found in the following sentiment expressed in La Patrie, published in Montreal:Š "Nothing in the Constitution of the United States prevents a Canadian Catholic from entering the White House, while, so long as the sovereign who as-cends the British throne is compelled to take an oath of Protestantism, so long will our religion stand at a disadvantage under the British flag. Is not this suf-ficient to point out many advantages that would ac-crue to our nationality were we once to be enrolled under the starry banner? There were Catholics sit-ting in the American Congress long before the gates of Parliament were opened to them in Great Britain. All this should point out to every true Canadian the course he should pursue. Further, let us proclaim the United States of Canada, or seek our proper refuge beneath the protecting wings of the American eagle." There is no power on earth so quick as that of Rome to recognize the force of the motto dis-played upon the American Sabbath Union letter-. heads, namely," Office is opportunity." Catholics are specially enjoined by the pope to "penetrate wherever possible in the administration of civil affairs." In 1885 Pope Leo XIII. issued the following Encyclical:Š " We exhort all Catholics who would devote care-ful attention to public matters, to take an active part in all municipal affairs and elections, and to further the principles-of the church in all private services, meet-ings, and gatherings. All Catholics must make them-selves felt as active elements in daily political life in the countries where they live. They must penetrate wherever possible in the achniiiikration of- tiVil af- fairs; must constantly exert the utmost vigilance and energy to prevent the usage of liberty from going be-yond the limits fixed by God's law. All Catholics should do all in their power to cause the constitution of States and legislation to be modeled to the princi-ples of the true church. All Catholics and journal-ists should never lose for an instant from view the above prescriptions. All Catholics should redouble their submission to authority, and unite their heart and soul and body and mind in defense of the church and Christian wisdom." Catholics in the United States have been remark- ably persistent and successful in carrying out the designs of the Vatican government as above ex- pressed. They have been more successful than they could have been under any other form of government, for the very reason advanced by La Patrie,Šthat there is greater opportunity for them to get into official position. A republic may enact and enforce statutes in-imical to religious liberty just as rigidly as a monarchy, provided the majority are in favor of such legislation, or provided a majority in the law-making' bodies may be influenced in any way to legislate in such a manner. And those relig-ionists who favor church domination in civil affairs are never conscientious as to whether the majority are pleased or not, so long as the desired end is accomplished. It has been demonstrated in several -States of this "land of the free," that religious' persecution of a most cruel nature may find legal sanction, aided and abetted by even Protestant churches, and that so late as the year 1889. It is no argu-ment that a church power, whether Roman Cath-olic or Roman Protestant, may be safely intrusted with the helm of state because the government is republican in form. If the Constitution or the statutes declare for any religious dogma, and there be penalty attached for violation of the law, a republic may go just as far in the ex-ecution of that penalty as the most absolute monarchy. The same spirit that demands and has power to enforce such legislation, will: see that it is enforced, no matter what the form of government.. And imprisonment, confiscation of property, and death, are no milder' penalties under a republican government than under a monarchy; and these things are the ultimatum of all unrestrained religious dogmatism, wher-ever there are those who refuse to bow to its mandates. The great strength of the National Reform schemes in the United States lies not in the fact that the majority favor such measures, but in the fact that the majority are resting in the delusion that such legislation as is proposed never can be en-forced in a republic. They argue that the peo-ple would rise in their might in defense of 'their liberties. 'But a people who will quietly ,stand and look on while the shackles are being riveted upon them, will not afterwards make a very formidable resistance. But what ground is there for indulging the delusion that there is no danger of persecution for conscience' sake in a republic? Do not laws which, if carried out, would work such results, already exist in many of the States of this Union, merely awaiting a like action on the part of the general government to give full vent to their in-tolerant provisions? Are the people of the United States any different in their temperament from the people of the individual States? When nearly all the States are indulging in Sunday laws, is it reasonable to maintain that the general government cannot- be turned into the same channel? The same influence that carries all 