.A.MRILlt CAN gniVrillINVAL. VOL. 9, o. 10. the sanctity of the day, or that seek to punish men for the offense of "Sabbath-breaking." Such laws, where they exist, are a relic of the union of Church and State against which Baptists should set their faces as a flint. Sunday laws de-signed and adapted to secure for every man a day of rest, and to protect him from molestation if he choose to make it also a day of worship, are all that can be justi-fied by the principles that Baptists main-tain. We are bound by our centuries of protest against religious persecution to oppose everything else. In this, and many other States, it is a bar against prosecution for Sunday labor, if the accused plead that he keeps any other day as " holy time." This is the least rec-ognition that the civil law can give to the rights of conscience. Maryland, Ten-nessee, and other States that still have persecuting Sunday laws on their statute books, cannot too soon follow the just and liberal example of New York. The Em-pire State has many defects, but we are proud to be citizens of a commonwealth where legal persecution of one denomi-nation of Christians by others long ago ceased to be a possibility.ŠNew York Ex-aminer. Ł -.1r The Church Union on Sunday Observ- ance. " THERE was a singularly interesting debate last night," says the Westminster (Eng.) Gazette, of February 10, " at a meet-ing of various guilds at the rooms of the English Church Union on the question of the observance of Sunday. Mr. Stewart Headlam, who came late from the School Board meeting with Mr. Ridgeway, more suo expressed his conviction that every one was in favor of any amount of recreation after attendance at the Holy Communion, an assertion which was loudly challenged; but there was a general consensus of opin-ion that, while the Sunday was a day of rest, worship, and recreation, it was very wrong for the leisure classes to make so many other people work to minister to their pleasure. In fact, the majority of those present recognized that the sons of toil had a right to an amount of liberty on Sundays which would have shocked a former generation. An extremely inter-esting and effective speech was made by a laborer in the building trade, who advo-cated the opening of museums on Sundays, as did Mr. Ridgeway very strongly." The "Non-Sectarian" Delusion. " NON-SECTARIAN " is a much used term. It catches the ear. It is attractive and seductive. It seems to soften down the bitterness of old-time bigotry. It seems to give expression to the idea of religious freedom that many have who are inclined to be liberal-minded. It is also the watch-word of religious partisans suspicious of their rivals. It is used in manifold com-binations. In short, it is a word to con-jure with. But what does it mean ? Are the applications of it legitimate, or do they convey more often an impression contrary to the truth ? According to the " International " the word " sect " comes from the Latin secta, from sequr, to follow. It is often con-fused, says the same authority, with the Latin secare, to cut. A sect is defined as "those following a particular leader, or authority, or attached to a certain opinion." This definition is illustrated by  a reference to the followers of Mahomet as a sect, and by a quotation from the Book of Acts, in which the Christians are spoken of as a sect. Now in the common use of the word one of the sub-divisions of the people who accept Christ as their leader in religious matters, is called a sect. Two or more of these sub-divisions combined become non- sectarian. It is in this sense the term is used almost exclusively in discussing the schools, public appropriations, and mat-ters pertaining to the government. It matters not how small a percentage of the whole people are represented in the com-binations of sectional divisions, if they agree to work together for certain ends, it becomes a non-sectarian movement. What would be wrong for one faction alone to do, becomes right if several fac-tions are united ! To use the public schools to teach the particular 'belief of one part of a sect, is condemned. To use the pub-lic schools to teach the particular beliefs that several parts of the same sect can agree upon, is approved. To take a part of the funds of the people to promote the interests of one denomination can not be allowed; to use it for the advancement of several denominations who can agree to work together, is another thing. What an absurd position! Yet is not this practically the aim of the non-secta-rian cry ? Do not most of the religious papers stand on this platform ? Does the National League seek to go beyond this ? They propose a reformation that will cut off appropriations for a Catholic, a Bap-tist, or a Presbyterian, specifically; but supposing the Catholic, the Baptist, and the Presbyterian agree to use the public institutions to propagate some dogmas on which they unite, what then? That will fill the non-sectarian idea, yet, all of them together are only a part of one of the great sects. The fallacy of this non-sectarian position is well illustrated in the recent use of the university at Ann Arbor for the revival meetings conducted by Rev. B. Fay Mills, in defiance of the constitution of Mich-igan, which says the property of the State shall not be used for the benefit of any religious sect. The churches of nine de-nominations and the Students' Christian Association united in the meetings. They were largely advertised for weeks before-hand. The use of the university for part of them was clearly to bring to bear the influence and power of a State institution in promoting their success. Not even all the divisions of the Christian sect in the city took part in them. Not all of them were invited to join with them. Four denominations who hold Christ as their leader, the Episcopalian, the Unitarian, the Zion, and the Catholic, were left out, or refused to join with them. The four denominations out of the combination rep-resent more people of the Christian sect in the nation than the nine denominations who were represented in the so-called non-sectarian combine. The Students' Chris-tian Association, on whose invitation the meetings were taken to the university, is a sectarian institution so strong that no one is admitted to membership unless he belongs to the Christian sect; and no stu-dent is allowed to have a share in its gov-ernment unless he holds to the divinity of the founder of the sect. What a cry would have gone out from the nine de-nominations if the Catholics had gotten possession of the State university hall and used it to propagate their religious  doctrines ? What would Rev. Dr. Mac-Arthur say if they should take the bones of Saint Anne, or the relic of Saint Paul into the hall of a State university, instead of a "reformed drunkard and gambler," as Mr. Mills was advertised, and use the property of the people to make proselytes to their faith ? Too much praise can not be given to the timely, able and unanswerable sermon in condemnation of this use of State prop-erty, preached and since published by the pastor of the Unitarian Church, Rev, J. T. Sunderland. What is wrong in principle can not be made right by a multitude participating in it. Some of the "non-sectarian" move-ments do not commend themselves. Closely examined they reveal the same limitations to intellectual and spiritual liberty. The public schools can only be made truly non-sectarian by ceasing to use them for teaching any religious creeds. L. D. BURDICK. The New "Standard Dictionary." WE remarked some months since, after examining sample pages of Funk & Wag-nails' new dictionary, that when the " Century Dictionary " was published, and immediately thereafter the "Inter-national," we thought that little or noth-ing more was to be expected, or even desired, in the way of dictionaries, for years to come; but that the " Standard " promised to be superior in several respects to all others. This promise has been re-alized. The first volume of the "Stand- ard " is now completed, and is even better than the sample pages led us to expect. In point of material and workmanship the " Standard " is far superior to all other works of its kind. The book is one that any publishing house may well be proud of; and while for purposes of or-thography and pronunciation but little fault can be found with any dictionary in common use in this country, the " Stand-ard " has several new features which will certainly commend it to the general public. It is impossible, in the space at our com-mand, to mention all the good points in this dictionary. One very commendable feature is that it gives not only synonyms but antonyms, and also the proper prepo-sitions. For instance :Š Antidote, n. 1, Anything that will counteract or re-move the effects of poison, or disease, or the like. 2. Anything that will correct or counteract evil of any kind, physical or mental, or its effects. Synonyms: Corrective, cure, remedy, specifio.ŠAntonyms: Bane, poison, venom, virus.ŠPreposi-tions: To, for, or against. Another very satisfactory feature of the " Standard " is that the definitions are given first and the derivation of the word last. It is strange that lexicographers have not thought of this order before. Prob-ably a dictionary is consulted a hundred times for spelling, pronunciation, and defi-nition to one time for derivation. We note with satisfaction also that the literary quotations made to illustrate the use of words are not the stock quotations given in other dictionaries, but are almost entirely new. This does not, of course, add to the " Standard " where it is used alone, for its literary illustrations are not superior to those used in other diction-aries, but it does add to its value for com-parison. The " Standard " has reduced the com-pounding of words to something approach- 