 556 AMERICAN SENTINEL.      Ł "How, mama.?" . "Well, Ahab and Jezebel were the king and queen of Israel, and they had set up this vile worship. They had altars all through the land, and 450 priests, with many singers, and great display. They enticed the people to come and worship Baal, and drew them away from God. Those who saw where this idolatry would lead, and who determined to be true to God, were persecuted: for Ahab and Jezebel and those who worshiped Baal were deter-mined that the whole kingdom should join them in the worship of Baal, and they would not allow any one to worship God openly. Those who were brave enough to do so, were put to death. Jezebel tried to put all the prophets to death." "She didn't kill Elijah, though. Couldn't she catch him ?" "Not very well ; for God protected his servant. He permitted her to kill a great many others to show what was in this sun-worship, for there was persecution and death in it." "But, mama, what did the king blame Elijah for if he had done nothing to.trouble Israel?" "Something had happened that made the king feel that Elijah was greatly to blame." "What, mama ?" "About three years before this, Elijah had reproved the king for his wickedness. He said to him then, ' As the Lord liveth before whom I stand, there shall not be dew nor rain these years, but according to my word.' "Why, mama, how did Elijah dare to say that? Could he stop the rain ?" "No, not of himself; but he had read what God had said would happen to those who forsake his law. He .knew that it was written in the Book of Moses that curses would come upon those who were disobedient, because there is nothing but cursing in the way of transgression. Famine, pestilence, plague, war, desolation and distress, all follow in the wake of evil. The nations who forsake God thrust aside his protecting hand, and invite the satanic hosts to hover over them, and a landŁlike thegar-den of Eden becomes a wilderness under the influences of the evil one. "When Elijah said there should be no rain, he knew he was in harmony with the truth of God, and that if he asked for the drought he would ask for that which was sure." "And didn't it rain ?" "Not for three years and a half. Of course famine followed. People had nothing to eat, and the beasts of the field died, and great distress came upon the people." "Ahab thought that all this happened because Elijah had shut up heaven. He was very angry, and tried to find the prophet so that he might put him to death; but God cared for him." "But, mama, this did make it hard for the people. What good did the famine do ?" "The Bible says when the judgments of the Lord are in the land the people learn righteousness. You know, dear, when the storm broke on the sea last summer, how the people who had been swearing, smoking, reveling and talking unbelief, suddenly began to pray and to call for God to save them." "Yes, I remember." "So it was in thisfamine. The people in their anguish began to inquire why all this evil had come, and if it was because they had forsaken God? and they began to desire to go back to him who was full of blessing." "And did they, mama?" "Yes; you will have to read the story for yourself. God showed the poor, bewildered people by a great sign that he was the true God, and that Baal-worship was all a delusion and a wicked thing." "And then did they get something to eat ?" "Yes. Elijah went up into Mount Carmel, and began to pray for rain. He prayed seven times." "What did he want to pray so many times for, mama? Couldn't God hear at first? God must haye known all about it anyway. I don't understand why he prayed seven times." "Well, Charlie, prayer does not change God's mind. He knows what he will give us when we ask. But Elijah needed to pray to get his own heart and mind into the right condition to receive the promised blessing. You know sometimes mama promises you something that you ask for a great many times before she gives it to you, because she is waiting for you to get into a condi-tion of mind or body in which it will be a blessing to you. Perhaps, if God had sent rain the first time Elijah would have been forgetful of the power of God, and thought he had a great deal to do in bringing the rain." "Did the rain come, mama ?" "0 yes. It came in great showers all over the thirsty land. When Elijah saw the first cloud he ran to Ahab, and told him to hurry home; for there was a sound of abundance of rain, and the prophet was so glad that he ran all the way to the palace before Ahab's chariot." "I suppose the people all repented then, and praised the Lord for his blessing of rain." "Some did return to God, but many others grew harder than ever, just as Pharaoh did in Egypt, and just as the people on the boat did when the storm was over. When Jezebel heard all that Elijah had done, she sent word to him that she would kill him, and he fled for his life, though it had been proved that he was not the one who had troubled Israel, but it was those who had for-saken God." "Are there any troublers in Israel now, mama ?" "Yes, I am sorry to say that there are many who are substituting the traditions of men (and some of these traditions are Baal traditions), for the commandments of God, and they are much annoyed at those who love God and keep his commandments." "But there's one thing; they can't go as far as Ahab and Jezebel went in troubling Israel." "That is yet to be proved, my dear. But whatever 