718 AMERICAN SEN TINEL. comfortable and provided equally for all their wants re-  here only could they meet and in obedience to the crav-gardless of these things would be a turning aside of what ings of their natures, associate with and open their the Creator of men had ordained, and a putting a pre-  hearts to one another. The saloon was therefore supply- mium on things upon which he had placed his curse', ing a human need which the churches did not supply. In the evening, Labor Commissioner Cox, of Michigan, That was the secret of the saloon power. was present and made the opening speech. He thought That under the present system our supreme virtues this was a grand and glorious country. He would rather were our supreme immoralities. That greed, the worst be a citizen here, however mean his position, than the of all sins, for it was covetousness, was the supreme vir-most exalted person in any other country. This is a tue of the American people. If he should stand before a government of the people, by the people, and for the peo-  representative religious congregation in this country and ple. Never mind who or what party is in power, things ask them to practice, just as they were spoken, the prin-will come out all right. If those in power do not do what ciples of the sermon on the mount, he would be looked they should, the people speak and theyare no more. Nat-  upon as mentally unbalanced. But if the head of some urally enough he drifted into the Spanish war, and told great combination that had overridden the law and how, since the birth of the present year, this great coun-  robbed the people, should stand before them with an try had fought a glorious war in behalf of liberty and endowment in his hand, their applause would be tremen-humanity. The workingman and the millionaire and dous, and they would be ready to fall prostrate before the sons of millionaires fought side brside in this war him. for God. An iniquitous despotism had been crushed by He said that what was wanted was not that the them and millions of people set free with a loss of only corrupt should be turned out and the "good" people put seven men. "God carried the banner," he exclaimed, in. The very worst enemies of the liberation of the peo-"for it was a war in behalf of humanity and God. I call ple were, as had been in all history, the "good" people. it a holy war." That there was a certain manliness in the magnate of When he was through the mayor arose and quietly wealth utterly foreign and beyond those "good" people made the following remarks: "Let those who wish take who fawned before him and excused his methods. The what comfort and satisfaction they can from the Spanish very worst difficulty to be met to-day in liberating the war. The governor of Michigan told me the other day, people was the pious subterfuge that if the heart of the and it is evident to everyone, that it would have been " individual was set right things would be all right. He vastly cheaper to have bought the Island of Cuba outright declared that under the present system the heart of the at any price that might have been named. The most exor-  individual could not be set right; that this was not only bitant price could not have equalled the cost of this war. a slavery of the body but a slavery of the soul as well; So much for it as a matter of dollars and cents. The that when the time came for the children of Israel to wor-governor also said that there were in Michigan alone ship God and understand his law, Moses did not go two hundred families in mourning as a result of that among them distributing tracts and telling them to set war. As to the war itself, I believewith Benjamin Frank-  their hearts right as individuals. No, he did not waste lin, that there never was a good war nor a bad peace. his time in that way. He went to the despotic ruler of War is hell, and to say that there is or can be a Christian theŁcountry, who had oppressed them so that they were war, is to say that there is or can be a Christian hell. It in slavery both soul and body, and said, "Let my people is a contradiction in terms and cannot be." go!" That is what is demanded to-dayŠthat the people The audience manifested its approval by hearty shall first be liberated from the present economic slavery hand-clapping. so that they may indeed become all right as individuals. The mayor next introduced Prof. George D. Herron, He declared that profit was a moral evil. That any of Iowa College, Grinnell, Iowa, from whom he said he man who worked for wages, no matter how kind his em-had learned more than from any other man. of his duty ployer or how high his wages, was a slave. That the to his brother out of a job. Professor Herron gave an present system of wages was but an evolution of the address which indicated deep earnestness and thought. slave system. He did not blame anybody any more He took more radical positions than any previous than he blamed himself. That it was time to repent of speaker. Some of the things he said were:Š our industrial sins, or it might be that we should be The economic system under which we live en slaves not called upon to repent with barricaded streets flowing only the bodies but the souls of men. The system must with blood. be changed in order that both body and soul may be On Saturday evening, Attorney-General Maynard, of made free. That the present economic system, the cor-  Michigan, gave an address in which he showed that the ner-stone of which is supreme selfishness, is the root of progress of a people was indicated not]by art, sculpture, nearly all the moral evils that afflict society, and that as architecture, literature, etc., but by the state of the law. long as this system continues no headway can be made If they had truly made progress they would know that against these other evils. all men were equal and that equality would be recognized That the saloon and other evils were actually sup-  and guaranteed by their laws. Justice would be impar-plying a need, a social want, for millions of people. That tially administered. All progress that had been made 