NOVEMBER 1, 1894. A.TV11,1L-LICA_N- N7.7 339 for vengeance; because I never had re-course to tumult or insurrection : I relied wholly upon God, and placed everything in his almighty hands. Christians fight not with swords and muskets, but with sufferings and with the cross. Christ, their captain, handled not the sword: . . . he hung upon the tree."' But the Reformation did not remain true to its own principles. Faith in God gave place to faith in kings, and the "sword of the Spirit" was exchanged for carnal weapons; and the Church of Christ in Switzerland, in Germany, in Norway, in Sweden, in Denmark and in Scotland, became the Church of the State. Says D'Aubign4:Š If the Reformation, having attained a certain point, became untrue to its nature, began to parley and tem-porize with the world, and ceased thus to follow up the spiritual principle that it had so loudly proclaimed, it was faithless to God and to itself, Henceforth its decline was at hand. It is impossible for a society to prosper if it be un-faithful to the principles it lays down. Having aban-doned What constituted its life, it can find naught but death. One portion of the reform was to seek the alliance of the world, and in this alliance find a destruction full of desolation. Another portion, looking up to God, was haughtily [unhesitatingly] to reject the arm of the flesh, and by this very act of faith secure a noble victory. If three centuries have gone astray, it is because they were unable to comprehend so holy and so solemn a lesson.2  As a man and a soldier Gustavus Adol-phus is to be honored. From the human standpoint his was a noble service to the cause of freedom. But he rendered no service to true Protestantism. The State churches of Sweden and Norway, of Den-mark and of Germany, are little better and scarcely less intolerant than the Roman °Catholic Church of Portugal and Belgium, or even of Spain. Protestants may honor Gustavus Adolphus for his human bravery, but they must weep for the lack of living faith in God which made his career pos-sible and substituted for the papacy other human systems instead of the pure gospel of the Son of God. Sunday and the Reformation.* THE blighting influence of the Sunday institution upon the Reformation has never been thoroughly appreciated. Be-ginning with an appeal to the Word of God as against tradition, the Reformation soon encountered the traditional Sunday Sabbath. Some of the reformers, notably Carlstadt, who was professor of theology in the university of Wittenberg, and " during Luther's confinement at the Wartburg, had almost sole control of the reform movement at Wittenberg, and was supreme in the university,' was a strong advocate of the seventh-day Sab-bath. Of his position on this point Luther wrote as follows:Š Indeed, if Carlstadt were to write further about the Sabbath, Sunday would have to give way, and the SabbathŠthat is to say SaturdayŠmust be kept holy.' In 1519 occurred the notable discussion between Luther and Eck, in which the chief point of controversy was, whether the Bible, or the church and the pope, 1 D'A.ubign(i's History of the Reformation, book 10, chap. 10. 2  Id., book xiv, chap. i, pars. 1-10. *Appendix I. Revised edition of " Protestantism True and False; " No. 19, Religious Liberty Library. Price 4 cents. 1  M'Clintock and Strong's Cyclopedia, vol. ii, p. 128. "The Book Against the Celestial Prophets," by Martin Luther. Quoted in the " Life of Martin Luther in Pictures," p. 147; J. w. Moore, 195 Chestnut St., Philadelphia. were the higher authority. Dr. Eck made the following claims:Š Concerning the authority of the church, the Scrip-tures teach, Remember to keep Saturday holy; six days you are to labor and do all your work; but on the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord your God, etc. ; and yet the church has transferred the celebra-tion of the Sabbath to Sunday, solely by her own power, without the Scriptures, and no doubt by the inspiration of the Holy Spirit.ŠDr. Eck's Little Hand-book (" Enchiridion"), 1533, p. 78. The Sabbath has been manifoldly commanded in the Scriptures. And as neither the gospels, nor St, Paul, nor yet the Bible itself states that the Sabbath has been abandoned, and Sunday instituted, it follows that it has been done by the apostolic church, without Scripture for it. But if the church has had the power to set aside the Sabbath of the Bible, and enjoin the obserlance of Sunday,Šwhy should she not have power to do the same with other days ? If you do not observe them and leave the church, to go back to the Scriptures alone, you must, with the Jews, keep the Sabbath, which has been kept from Hie beginning of the world. ŠId. p. 79. Luther, prejudiced, no doubt, by the extreme contempt in which the Jews were held at that time, swerved from the prin- ciple upon which the Reformation had been launched, and rejected the Sabbath of the fourth commandment, but was not so inconsistent as to claim divine author- ity for Sunday observance; but on the contrary, assertedŠas in the twenty-eighth article of the Augsburg Confession, which was drawn up by his approvalŠthat " there is no divine authority for it." The dilemma in which this position placed him is illustrated in his " Smaller Catechism," published in 1529, in the pref- ace of which Luther arraigns the church of Rome in the following words :- 0 ye bishops! hOw will ye ever render account to Christ for having so shamefully neglected the people, and having never for a moment exercised your office! May the Judgment not overtake you! You command communion in one kind, and urge your human ordi-nances; but never ask in the meantime, whether the people know the Lord's prayer, the ten command-ments, or any part of God's Word. Woe, woe unto you everlastingly! 3  In the same connection he instructs his ministers " first of all to teach the text of the ten commandments," and yet in the same book he violates his own instruction, and instead of teaching the text of the Sabbath commandment, he followed in the footsteps of Rome and supplanted it with the meaningless, indefinite, evasive, human makeshift, " Thou shalt sanctify the holy day."' One feels like condoning this mistake when it is remembered what a herculean task was undertaken by him. Luther doubtless unearthed from their covering of human tradition, more precious gems of truth, than any other one man since the time of Christ, but he was not without his taistakes,Šmistakes which instead of being rectified by those who profess to be his legitimate successors, have in the. matter of the Sabbath, been intensified. They now declare that there have been "transferred to it [Sunday] all the honors of the Jewish Sabbath;""and although asserting in this same connection that " Christians are at liberty to appoint any day for worship,"' immediately pronounce the death sentence upon the one who vio-lates their unscriptural, man-made Sab-bath. What is the particular threat and penalty annened to this commandment ? [The commandment they have made.] Ye shall keep the Ł Sabbath therefore, for it is holy unto you ; every one that defileth it shall surely be put to death. Ex. 31:14.8  Dr. Martin Luther's "Smaller Catechism." Explained in Questions and Answers, by Dr. J. C. Dietuch, p. 3. Concordia Publishing House, St. Louis, Mo., 1885. Id., p. 4, 6  Id., p. 7. "Id., p. 49. Ib. s  Id., p. 52. Having abolished the Sabbath of the Lord under pretext of Christian liberty, and having put in its place a human ordi- nance in conflict with it, which, for want of scripture they are unable to enforce, they next attempt to re-enact the penalty for the transgression of that law under the theocracy, and apply it to the trans-gression of a man-made institution. All this is done in the face of the statement from the same book that the Holy Scrip-tures are a " perfectly sure and sufficient standard, according to which all other sayings, writings, and doctrines are to be judged, so that what accords with them must be received, what is in conflict with them must be rejected."' Does the com-mand, "Thou shalt sanctify the holy day " (the first day of the week) accord with the Holy Scriptures which command, " Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work, but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God: in it thou shalt not do any work," etc.? The next step in this beaten path of error, is the attempt to secure the observ-ance of this unscriptural, man-made Sab-bath by means of the strong arm of civil law. This step the professed followers of Luther are now beginning to take. Rev. F. W. Conrad, D.D., of Philadelphia, editor of the Lutheran Observer, appeared Dec. 13, 1888, before the United States Senate Committee on Education and Labor, at a hearing given the friends of the Blair Sunday bill, and represented that the German Lutherans were in favor of compelling the observance of Sunday by civil law. The following are his words as reported and published by the Govern-ment :Š I desire to speak for the evangelical portion of the German emigrants who are Lutherans and also re-formed evangelical Christians, as we call them. In regard to their position on the Sabbath, while they differ relatively as to the basis on which the Christian Sabbath now rests, and also in regard to the manlier of observing the Sabbath, they are, I should say, universally in favor of maintaining the Sabbath laws that exist in America." We know of individual Lutheran min-isters who are not "in favor of maintain-ing the Sabbath laws that exist in Amer-ica," but we fear that Dr. Conrad's repre-setation is true of the majority. The Release of W. B. Capps. THE arrest and imprisonment of W. B. Capps, in Dresden, Tenn., for working on Sunday, after having observed the seventh day as the Sabbath, has been noticed sev-eral times in the Daily Press. This man was fined and declined to pay the fine, as it was to his mind a sort of acknowledgment that he was guilty of some offense; and the result was that he was sentenced to 442 * days at hard labor. Subscriptions for the support of the family of Mr. Capps were asked for in the Press, and small sums were received and forwarded. A subscription was asked for in the American Hebrew, a Jewish paper (al-though the imprisoned man was a Chris-tian of the Seventh-day sect), and some-thing like $65 was received. Then the question was raised as to how the money was to be used, and it was deemed to be best to liberate the man, and let him care Id., p. 111. 10  Senate Miscellaneous Documents, No. 43, 50th Congress, 2nd Session, p. 40. * This is a mistake; the term of imprisonment amounted to only 270 days. The error was made in the first place by the clerk of the court when figuring up the costs. 