TI=IV AlviEkiCAN SF NTINEti 53 enforce laws, compelling men to be civil, but when it comes to making laws for the observance of Sunday, or any other reli-gious institution, Christians above all others, should be the very first to call a halt. A. 0. TAIT. An Eloquent Monument. THE Mansion House of London, the offi-cial residence of the Lord Mayor, is one of the finest buildings in the city, and is known throughout the world. But that the mag-nificent structure is a shameful monument of a shameful period is known to but few, even of Londoners themselves. It also stands as an eloquent protest against the folly of giving religious men full control of civil affairs to the disqualification of all others whose religious tenets do not har-monize with theirs. In 1740 the Corpora-tion of London passed a by-law inflicting a fine of four hundred pounds and twenty marks ($2,000) on every person declining to stand for the office of Sheriff after he had been nominated, and of six hundred pounds ($3,000) on every one refusing to serve after being elected, making the fine $5,000 in all. The reason of this by-law was evident. The Corporation consisted of members of the Church of England and they knew that all Dissenters would refuse to act on account of the Test Act which had been passed years before in the profli-gate time of Charles II. This iniquitous act was a masterpiece of National Reform principles and provided that all persons filling public offices of whatever kind should not only take the oath of allegi-ance and supremacy, but also should take the sacrament according to the usages of the Church of England. Of course no conscientious Dissenter could hold office under such conditions. Then these dear " Christians " who composed the Corpora-tion of London, knowing this, proceeded to elect Dissenter after Dissenter to the office of Sheriff. All these unfortunate men had to do was to pay up the $5,000 fines, which were devoted to the erection of the said Mansion House. This went on for six years until the fines amounted to £15,000 ($75,000). At length the courts of law were appealed to for protection, and after 'years of litiga-tion the House of Lords gave judgment against the " Christian " Corporation. It was then that Lord Mansfield delivered one of those judicial decisions which live in history. In scathing terms he de-nounced the attempt of the Corporation to make two lawsŠone to prevent men from serving, the other to punish them for not serving. " If," said he, " they accept, punish them; if they refuse, punish them. If they say Yes,' punish them; if they say No,' punish them. My lords, this is a most exquisite dilemma, from which there is no escaping. It is a trap a man can not get out of. It is as bad a persecu-tion as that of Procrustes : if they are too  short, stretch them; if they are too long lop them ! " " Persecution," he added, "is Ł against natural religion, revealed religion, and sound policy." This little incident is of interest to lov-ers of religious liberty as it shows the actual working of the National Reform idea when logically applied. It is what religious men have always done under such circumstances, and always will do. FRANCIS HOPE. Ł 4.  The Church as Mediator between the Classes. THE Medieval Church dreamed of being a universal peacemaker, when the Pope would settle in his court questions be-tween kings or nations. The churches of to-day are haunted by the same dream. Each little flock hopes to inherit the king-dom, and its ministers aspire to settle questions between 'labor and capital. Things in dreams are not as they seem, but dreams now as in old times have their interpretations, and are sometimes guides to truth. The churches may, perhaps, help to solve the labor problems, but not by putting up their ministers to hear evi-dence and to give judgment. Their part is rather to teach than to judge, and to give than to take evidence. The public is the only potentate who can fill the place at which the Pope grasped, and from its opinion there is no appeal. It is for the churches so to in-spire the public that its judgment will be sound, and then to offer the evidence on which it may exercise that judgment. The chief duty of the churches to the world is to set forward an ideal of life, and to draw out admiration for noble, generous and honest conduct, and to show the penalties which surely follow all forms of lying and selfishness. This duty has special applications according as different subjects arise for the judgment of the public. The labor problems, the rate of wages, the length of the working day, the rights of trades unions, the treatment of the un-skilled, the weak, and the old, press for settlement. A man once came to Christ saying, " Command my brother that he divide the inheritance with me." If labor and capital come to the churches urging that they command a different division of profits, the answer of the churches must be the answer of Christ : " Who made me a judge or a divider over you ? Beware of covetousness," It is covetousness on both sides which hinders the solution of the labor problems, and the special duty of the churches at the present juncture is to convince both capitalists and laborers of the covetousness which, like the pro-verbial mote in the eye, prevents fair judgment of others. David could not be-lieve that he was the man who had taken a poor neighbor's one ewe lamb, and there are thousands of upright capitalists who  would not believe that they are spoilers, and thousands of well-disposed laborers whom covetousness has so blinded that they say of every capitalist, as Satan ° said of Job, " Doth he serve God for naught ?" . . . The public whose opinion has ultimately to settle the labor problems is made up,  of capitalists and laborers. To the pub-lic, therefore, the churches must repeat Christ's message. Their ministers must show the failure of covetousness, the havoc it works in character, the misery, the poverty it brings in its train. But, chiefly, they must hold up for admiration the human life, which makes every one who is human turn from greed as from something foreign to his humanity. . . . The churches have done much, but they have not educated public opinion in this di-rection. They have rather been ambitious, sometimes for the triumph of the doctrine they represent, sometimes for their minis-ters. They have seemed to the people to be anxious only to make proselytes, or to get the reputation of being peacemakers or arbitrators, " advertising parsons or peri-patetic philanthropists," which are the titles their ministers have earned. . . . The churches have not educated public opinion to beware of covetousness or to understand the facts of life. They have often rather themselves illustrated the force of covetousness. They have intro-duced class into places of worship, and have made charity a barrier and not a bond. They still, however, hold the field as educators, and with them it largely rests to solve the labor problems. They are still supreme in many departments of life, and each church can show a record of work which must command attention. They are still the outward expression of the small voice which speaks in every man, and they still bear in them the marks of the Lord Jesus Christ. The churches (or as I would rather say, the Church) are, therefore, power-ful; and when they make their buildings meeting-houses of rich and poor, their highest services a communion, and their chief doctrine the preaching of Christ, they may so educate public opinion as to forever settle on a stronger foundation than on a decision of an arbitrator, or even on a law, the rate of wages and the hours of labor.ŠThe Warden of Toynbee in N. Y. Independent. To those who threaten to boycott the World's Fair :--- "There was also a method of conversion used by our forefathers, consisting of two little pieces of iron attached at both ends by a screw. " The man who to-day says, ' I will not trade with that man because his religion is different from mine,' has the same spirit that possessed the one who used the thumb-screw; all the wretch lacks is the power." 