110 THE AIVI:81 ICAN bers of the paper, as I would like to see what is being said on the subject.  I think THE SENTINEL a first-class paper, and I see solid opinions expressed in it. I think the sa-credness of the Sabbath should be left to the people and their common sense, and Church and State should be forever separate. The government that governs the least and with the least expense, I think soundest and healthiest. My best wishes for THE SENTINEL. Your letter and valuable paper have reached me, and found me in sympathy with your views as re-gards the union of Church and State. I like to read all such, and if you see fit to send me a few num-bers, I will be very much obliged. A Sunday-Law Petition. IN 1889 we were obliged to say consider-able about the manner in which the peti-tions for a national Sunday law were gotten- up by the American Sabbath Union and the Woman's Christian Temperance Union. Having exposed the thing quite fully, we have not said anything further about it for somewhat more than a year past; now, however, we have to mention .it again for the sake of showing that their original manifestations have not yet been abandoned. Being in the city of Washington, lately, and looking over the petitions for a Sun-day law, we found one of which the fol-lowing is as nearly a perfect copy as we can make with type. On the back of it was the indorsement that it is aŠ Petition of 131 persons from the Second Cong. Dist of Louisiana' and elsewhere, collected by the National W. C. T. U., asking for a national Sunday rest law against needless Sunday work in the..Gov-ernment mail and military service, and inter-state commerce Following this is the official congres-sional indorsement :Š Sep. 15, 1890.,  Referred to Committee on Labor. The original we have had in our hands and have had it copied, and can certify that the following is an exact copy of the original Petition's Gathered by the Woman's Christian Temperance Union- For a National Sunday Rest Law. ::The latition which- follows was endorsed by a standing `,i-ote of to Ł (men- and women of 21yelarsiof age or-more)-by a meeting of the citizens Stage:  (or .Territory) of the State of Penn., County .,Jefferson,-  City- (or town) of Knox, on the g3th;Of Attest Rev. Janies Gilbert, Presiding. The petition which -follows was indorsed at regUlarlY called ineetings -by the-following churches; ' labor'SOcietieS, -temperance unions, and other organ--izatiens of the above-named, locality; M. -E:thurch, 27 members, by vote of 27 to 0. Attest:' sJames'Gilbert. R. P. Church, 84-nembers, by vote of 8 to 0. Attest  Jefferson Co., Pa. To: flte: ,,4attse of Representatives of the United--, States: , the undersigned adult citizens of the United States, respectfully petition your honorable body to pass -a bill forbidding,  needless Sunday work and- traffic in the mail and military service of the Gov-ernment and in inter-state commerce, and in the Territories and District of Columbia, except such private work by those who habitually and consci-entiously refrain from work on Saturday as shall not interfere with the rest and worship of others. Ł Name. J. S. Hinaei, John H. John, D. N. Wiley, W. H. Wiley, Joseph Hawthorn, C. C. Chitester, G. G. Chitester, S. A. McAninch, C. C. Averill, Sarah Hunter, Rosa McAnink, Katie Neel, Margaret Hawthorn, Emma Averill, Mary A. Wiley, Ella M. Wiley, Esther A. Swineford, E. E. John, Minta Johns, Martha Chitester, Jennie Chitester, Katie Rhoads, Katie Fuller, Alice Davison, Mertie Eshbaugh, J. S. Davis, Silas R. Anderson, Porter Davison, Wilson Smith, B. F. McCan, Craig Fuller, S. R. Anderson, Petition to Congress against Sunday work. (To be signed by adults, or indorsed by resolu-tions of organizations or meetings, and signed by the secretary, giving membership represented. Form of indorsement suggested.Š" Resolved, That we in-dome this petition against Sunday work.") To the House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress Assembled.: We, the undersigned citizens of the United States, respectfully petition youi,  honorable body to pass laws forbidding Sunday work in the mail and military service, of the Government and in inter-state commerce. Name. Occupation. J. S. Mme,, Laborer. John H. JAM, Farmer. D. N. Wiley, Laborer. W. H. Wiley, Farmer. Joseph Hawthorne, Farmer. C. C. Cbitister; Laborer. G. G. Chitister, Laborer. S, A. McAuninch, Farmer. C. C. Aver111, Farmer. H. H. McAnninch, Laborer. Sarah Hunter, Housekeeper. Rosa licAnnluch, Housekeeper. Katie Neel, Servant. Emma Averill, Housekeeper. Margaret Hawthorne, Housekeeper. Ella M. Wiley, Teacher. Mary A. Wiley; Housekeeper. Melissa McAnninch, Housekeeper. Meshes UcAnninch, Housek'r. Esther Swineford, H'keeper. S. Swineford, IC'kepper. E. E. Johns, Farmer. M. A. Johns, Irkeeper. Martha Chitester, Wkeeper. Jennie J. Chitister, H'keeper. Katie Rhodes, Housekeeper. Katie Fuller, Housekeeper. Alice Davison, Seamstress. Mertie Eshbaugh, Housekeepe,r. I. S. Davis, . Farmer. Silas R. Anderson, Farmer. Melissa Anderson, Housekeeper. Porter Davison, Farmer. Wilson Smith, Farmer. B. F. McCan, Farmer. Craig Fuller, Miner. It will be observed that to make the 131 names claimed for this petition, the entire membership of the two churches must be counted, and to this number must be added all-  the individual names, each of which, with the exception of four, appears three times. It is thns that they are still swell ing the number of petitioners for a Sunday law by triplicating names: Their Strong(?) Reasons. THE following are some of the reasons given by prominent ministers why saloons should not be open on Sunday :Š Lyman Abbott, Pastor Plymouth Church, Brook-lyn: The general policy of the State is to prohibit secular business on the Sabbath. Thomas Stacy, Pastor Brown Memorial M. E. Church: The subject has been considered in our Pastor's Ministerial Association in Syracuse, repre-senting over sixty churches, all of whom are unani-mously opposed to opening the saloons on the Lord's day. William Merle Smith, Pastor Central Presbyte-rian Church, New York: I wish to assure you of my hearty sympathy in all the work your society is trying to do, and particularly to express the hope that the friends of the Sabbath may be successful in defeating the infamous legislation proposed at Albany. Vito L. Calabrese, Pastor Italian Mission of the M. B. Church, Varick Place, New York: No friend of the Sabbath, whether he be an American or an Italian, or any other foreigner, wants the saloons open any part of the Sabbath day. In this Chris-tian land the Sabbath day is Sunday, and God has instituted the Sabbath in that he declares in his word that on six days only shall man labor and the seventh shall be hallowed unto Jehovah. The saloon keeper is included in this command. To give him the right to open his saloon on the day thus to be hallowed is to say to him, "you must not hallow that day as God has decreed, but you must work that day and the other six days also." That will he the meaning of his license under such a law. R. S. MacArthur, Pastor Calvary Baptist Church, New York : It is almost impossible to overstate the importance of protecting our American Sunday. The man who would destroy the sacredness of the day is an enemy to God, to the Republic and to the race. I trust the appeal which has been made will defeat the proposed legislation. Should this pro-posed legislation prevail, it would practically destroy the Sabbath. I shall use every endeavor to thwart the enemies of the American Sunday and to defeat their proposed plans. One would naturally expect that those who oppose Sunday liquor selling would dwell largely upon the evils of the drink traffic, and plead that because of the great numbers idle upon Sunday the evils would be augmented by open saloons upon that day, but instead of that the great consid-eration urged, the one reason above all others, is the religious character of the day ! Do we not well say that the " civil Sab-bath " is a fraud ? and that were it not for the sacredness, which -in many minds at-taches to Sunday, none would be found so poor as to do it reverence, or to plead for laws restricting the liquor business upon that day more than upon any other ? The disposition manifested by many to com-promise with the saloons, giving them six days out of seven, shows that it is the exaltation of Sunday rather than the pro-hibition of liquor selling that is desired. " MEN have a great deal to learn before they shall unlearn the lesson of intolerance Šthat fearful lesson too easily learned, which suffocates the mind and intercepts other good lessons, which the intelligent mind should receive."ŠRev. 0. B. El'oth,-ingham. Occupation. Laboi:er, Farmer. Laborer. Farmer. Farmer. Laborer. Laborer. Farmer. Farmer. Houiekeeper. Housekeeper. Servant. Housekeeper. Housekeeper. Housekeeper. Teacher. Housekeeper. Farmer. Housekeeper. Housekeeper. Housekeeper. Housekeeper. Housekeeper. Seamstress. Housekeeper. Farmer. Farmer. Farmer. Farmer. Farmer. Miner. Farmer. Name. Occupattas. J. S. mines, Laborer. John H. John, Farmer. D. N. Wiley, Laborer. W. H. Wiley, Farmer. Joseph Hawthorne, Farmer. O. a Chitester, Laborer. G. G. Chitester, Laborer. S. A. McAtutinch, Farmer. C. C. Aver111, Ł Farmer. IL H. McAnitinch, Laborer. Sarah Hunter, Himeakeeper, Rosa Marininch, Housekeeper. Katie Neel, Servant. Emma Averill,. Housekeeper, Margaret Hawthorn, Housekeeper. Ella M. Wiley, Teacher. Mary A. Wiley, Housekeeper. Melissa McAnninch, Housekeeper. Meallca(?) McAnninc12, Housek'r. ' Esther Swineford, H'keeper. S. Swineford, II'keeper. E. E. Johns, Reimer. IL A. Johns, Martha Chitester, Wkeeper. Jednie J. Chitester, IHkeeper. Katie Rhodes, Housekeeper. Katie Fuller, Housekeeper. Alice Davison, Seamstress. Mettle Esbbaugh, Housekeeper. L S. Davis, Farmer. Silas R. Anderson, Farmer. Melissa Anderson, Housekeeper. Porter Davison, Farmer. Wilson Smith, Farmer. B. F. McCain, Farmer. Craig Fuller, Miner. 