TRUTH and righteousness cannot fall to the ground while God remains upon his throne. That which embodies truth and righteousness needs no support from the civil arm. Which Path: to the Word of God or to the Legislature) This all-important question is being settled to-day by great organizations of Christian young people, of which the Society of Christian Endeavor is now the foremost example. Shall they seek to the legislatureŠto politicsŠfor power to accomplish the Christian work they have undertaken? or shall they seek "power from on high"Šthe power of God? In the illustration the movement seems to be towards the legislature; and this, unfor-tunately, correctly represents the situation. And in this lies the gravest peril to them and to the country. "Thus saith the Lord, Stand ye in the ways, and see, and ask for the OLD PATHS, where is the good way, and walk therein, and ye shall find reQt for your souls." Jer. 6:16. "I am the Lord thy God, which teacheth thee to profit, which leadeth thee by the way that thou shouldest go." Isa. 48:17. "IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. VOLUME 13. NEW YORK, JULY 14, 1898. NUMBER 27. IF law could make men better, there would be no need of the gospel. ŠoŠ No AMOUNT of legislation can separate conscience from the Sabbath. THE - "snap-shot" is a poor way to get a correct photograph of character. Š0Š ALL Chris-tian institu_ tions have their sup-port in God; and they need n o other. Š0--- THE insti-tution of the Sabbath can be neither civil nor un-civil. It is purely r el i-gious. --oŠ ANY relig-ion might as well go down THE Carnal IT is' useless to invoke the aid of human law in the warfare that is not against nature is the flesh and blood, but against "spiritual wickedness in high places." architect of hell. NOT all is Christian that appears angelic. Š0Š "THE wea-pons of our warfare are not carnal." Š0Š THE gospel of God can-not be prea-ched by the law of man. ŠoŠ ANY "mor-al reform" that is not wrought in the heart is a delusion. ŠoŠ CONSCIENCE is one of the things which the Sunday law aims to close up. _0Š "CHARITY" is never found far from her sis-ter graces faith and hope. 