AMERICAN SENTINEL. 187 istrators, and it ought to become a group of apostles again!' Another interesting paragraph is the following:Š "The Jesuits are not without powerful support. Cardinal Satolli, the former Apostolic Delegate to the United States, who had sharp controversies with the bishops there, has retained enough of the old feelings to write M. Charles Maignen a letter of singular importance. He declares that he will 'pray God' to 'stop that baneful plague [Americanism] whose contagion is spreading over both worlds.' What will Cardinal Gibbons and Mon-signor Ireland think of it? They are being nicely treated by the Roman Cardinal." Such is a picture drawn by Catholics themselves of the unity which exists within the Catholic fold. It is the "unity" of clashing intrigues, of reason and conscience suppressed by the voice of "infallible authority." Such unity is far worse than discord. The same discord which is openly manifested in the divisions and sects of the Protestant world, exists within the church of Rome wherever reason and conscience are not bound. No person can be benefited by a "unity" which means intellectual death, or the supremacy of error. Truth is always superior to mere harmony. Better truth with discord, than harmony with error. Real Christian unity comes not by intellectual death, but by a higher intellectual life. The Czar and Disarmament. THE Czar's famous call for a peace congress was pub-lished August 17 of last year. In connection with this, it is interesting and instructive to note the attitude of the Russian government towards the question, as indi-cated by the following events:Š Sept. 20.ŠOrder for the reinforcement of the Russian naval squadron in the Caspian Sea. Nov. 15.ŠOrder for the building of two new cruisers, each of 12,764 tons. Dec. 14.ŠOrder for the building of ten new torpedo boats. Dec. 20.ŠThe Minister of the Navy asks for 250,000,-000 roubles for vessels destined for the defense of St. Petersburg, the coasts of Finland, and Port Arthur. Orders also are issued to increase the Pacific squadron by four ironclads, six cruisers, and a torpedo flotilla. Jan. 12.ŠThe budgets of war and navy are respec-tively increased by 80,000,000 and 43,000,000 roubles. Jan. 18.ŠRussian troops on the frontier of Afghan-istan are increased by 20,000 men. Jan. 19.ŠThe Minister of the Navy proposes the building of a new cruiser of 6,250 tons and of two tor-pedo boats. He orders also the construction of three ironclads of 12,700 tons each, and of two cruisers of 6,000 and of 3,000 tons. Of course, when Russia herself goes on increasing her armaments, other nations cannot be expected to take  the peace manifesto any more seriously. It is only to be expected that they will follow suit, as they are nearly all doing to-day. THE question of Sunday rest for the workmen en gaged on the buildings of the coming World's Fair in Paris, has been considered in the French Chamber of Deputies, where it was voted that the workmen should have one day of rest in each seven. The effort to fix Sunday as the day of rest, however was voted down. " The Case of Mr. Quay." "THE case of Mr. Quay," says the Chicago Times-Herald, "is without precedent. He is a candidate for United States senator while under indictment for unlaw-ful use of state funds deposited in the defunct People's Bank. In the meantime he secures delays on the plea that he is not ready for trial. Bills are introduced in the legislature to change the jury law for his benefit and are defeated. A legislative committee is appointed to in-vestigate charges of bribery in his interest by leaders of the Quay machine. Finally when Mr. Quay's attorneys announce that he is ready for trial the district attorney asks for postponementŠa request that is explainable only on the theory that the jury panel has been tamp-ered with. "ItŁis time to drop Mr. Quay, `as a duty to the com-monwealth.' " But hold ! If Mr. Quay is dropped, who will succeed him as leader of the Sunday observance movement in the United States senate ? Who can champion that cause as ably as he did in the summer of '93? This question should not be overlooked. 4. . 4. "The Truce of Christ." IN the National Magazine for February are two re-markable articles, presenting two widely-differing theo-ries, supposed to solve the perplexity of nations, and to point out in both cases a way to the "highest altruism" in world wide civilization, peace and brotherhood. Thomas Jay Hudson, LL.D., treats of the Spanish-American war from the view point of evolution, showing (as he believes) that the war was of a humanitarian character, and was the logical outcome of the first war in matter, beginning with unicellular organism, too minute for the microscope. He says: "With few exceptions, every species of ani-mals obtains its food by preying upon other species, which are inferior in strength and sagacity. This war-fare is carried on with relentless energy on land and ocean. It is the process of evolution. It is an agency by which each and every outward and upward step was 