264 N VoL. 11, No. 33 NEW Youx, AUGUST 20, 1896. Itar' ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. THE Michigan Christian Advocate, of Aug. 8, announces that the well-known Methodist clergyman, Dr. T. L. Cayler, " will take the stump against free silver." Has he become tired of the theme of free salvation? THOSE people who believe so firmly that Rome has fallen in love with enlightenment in these days, at least in enlightened coun-tries, will find food for profitable thought in the article, "A Roman Catholic Holy Day in New York," on page 261. WE are informed that Elder Garrett, the Adventist minister, threatened by the attor-ney-general with indictment for giving to ju-rymen copies of the AMERICAN SENTINEL, was not indicted. Whether Attorney-General Lewis' good sense came to the rescue or the grand jury revolted, we are not informed. THE Czar, so it is said, has solemnly pro-claimed that the great tragedy which attended his coronation ceremonies, when several thou-sands of his subjects were trampled to death on the plain before Moscow, was an "act of God." But, fearful that the people consider it otherwise, he is taking extraordinary pre-ciutions against assassination. THE fact that one man cannot serve for another in jail or in the chain-gang shows that lying in jail or working in the chain-gang is not paying a fine, and is not so con-sidered by the State. One man can pay a fine for another. This ought to assist in dis-posing of the question, " What is the differ-once between paying fines and working in the chain-gang?" QUITE a change has taken place in public sentiment in Lake County, Tenn. The work done there by the International Religious Liberty Association and by the Tennessee River Tract Society, apparently convinced the people that the Adventists are not a dan-gerous class of people; and at the recent term of court nobody was found willing to prosecute them; so no new indictments were found, though evidence was taken, and it is stated the attorney-general attempted to in-duce the former prosecutor to appear in the same role again. In these Sunday cases the grand jury has not inquisitorial power, and can find indict-ments only as some one comes forward to fur-nish evidence and appear as prosecutor. The  fact is, however, that the grand jury has ex-ercised inquisitorial power in the past in the Adventist cases, and after the cases have all been prepared somebody has been found to permit the use of his name as prosecutor. We believe, however, that the attorney-gen-eral does not feel as anxious to pursue the Adventists as he did, and that the same pains will not be taken to secure indict-ments. THE New York Observer, of August 13, in-forms us that " there is no doubt that the IIebrew prophets preached politics. The utterances of Micah, of Jeremiah, and of Ezekiel, are full of the higher politics." In these days people know so little about those utterances that it may be many will be ready to credit the Observer's statement. However, the assertion suggests the thought that it will be well enough for the clergy to preach politics when they can receive their words by inspiration, as Jeremiah and the other proph-ets received theirs. THE Lake County Adventists, convicted of Sunday work and condemned even before their conviction to work on the county roads, for which purpose balls and chains were actually provided, were not required to work a single day. The faultless lives of the victims of petty persecution were stronger than the prej-udice which demanded the sacrifice, and the full measure of the contemplated indignities was not put upon them. THESE are days when men talk glibly about " political righteousness," as if it were some-thing about which every one knew. But while there are numerous conflicting ideas expressed upon the subject, the phrase re-mains undefined in any authority upon the subject of righteousness that we have seen. The law of God is the standard of Christian righteousness; but what is the standard of righteousness in politics? Is there any standard of " political righteousness " at all ? A MEMBER of the national executive com-mittee of the " people's party," Mr. Geo. F. Washburn, of Boston, Mass., takes Bishop John P. Newman, of the M. E. Church, to task for recent political utterances which were not complimentary to the party which Mr. Washburn represents. The latter says:Š Now, sir, I belong to the party you insult, and brand your alleged statements as false and unfair, and challenge you to name a single populist in this coun-try who is also known as an anarchist. I am called a "leading member" of the church you represent. If I am not a "good American citizen," may I ask you are my money and influence still wanted in your church? If you are no more correct in your spiritual utter-ances than you are in your political, can we have any confidence in either? I agree with the prominent Roman Catholic who said he was willing to take his religion from the head of his church, but not his pol-itics. Now, bishop, for the sake of the church we love and  the welfare of the country, I advise you to let pol-itics alone until you have studied this monetary question. And a caustic letter from Senator Stewart, of Nevada, to the bishop, drawn out by the latter's political utterances, concludes thus:Š I thank you that you have told the people your evil purposes. This may have been indiscreet on your part, but I assure you that it will put honest men on guard against the wicked work you propose, and perhaps your evil boasting may prove a boomerang and a benefit to the cause of honest money and hon-est men. Such incidents suggest to us that it would be advisable for bishops and all clergymen, in the interests of that "peace and good will" on earth for which Christianity stands, to "let politics alone" altogether. - THE passage by the British Parliament of the "Deceased Wife's Sister Bill," is consid-ered by the Archbishop of Canterbury so se-rious a menace to religion as to call for the formation of a church party for the purpose of defense. The New York Independent says it is at a loss to know what the arch-bishop means. It is hard for some Protest-ants to discern Rome's policy. Rome cares very little about the subject of that bill, but she does care much about the establishment of a Catholic church party in Parliament, as she has for some time had in the German Reichstag; and she will seize upon any oppor-tunity to attain that end. " RELIGION in politics" and. " politics in religion" make substantially the same mix-ture. The combination of the two things does not eliminate either one. With religion in politics, we will have religion subserving political ends, and thereby its own ends; and with politics in religion, we will have the same ends subserved in the same way. Each is helpful to the other for a mutually selfish purpose. Each lends its own power to the other for the sake of adding the other's power to its own. Christianity will not mix with politics at all. As previously stated in these columns the three Seventh-day Adventists, imprisoned at Tiptonville, Tenn., for Sunday work, were released August 5. The sheriff first proposed to give them the benefit of the thirty days' overtime served by J. W. Lewis, on the same charge, but it was discovered that one man could not serve time for another. The sheriff then agreed to cancel his fees. The witnesses did the same, and this cut the term of impris-onment very short. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Entered at the New York Post-Office, Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. 