338 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. served. Nor did he leave them to decide for themselves which day they would have for the Sabbath. He did not leave it to the people to interpret his law for them-selves, nor to interpret it at all. By three special acts every week, kept up continu-ously for forty years, the Lord showed his intent in the law. The people were fed on the manna in their forty years' wanderings between Egypt and Canaan. But on the seventh day of the week no manna ever fell. On the sixth day of the week there was a double portion; and that which was gathered on the sixth day would keep over the seventh day, which it could not be made to do on any other day of the week. By this means the Lawgiver signified his intent upon the subject of the day mentioned in the law quoted by. Congress. And by keeping it up so continuously and for so long a time he made it impossible for the people then to mistake his intent; and has left all future generations who have the record of it, without excuse in gathering anything else as his intent than that the seventh day is the Sabbath. Therefore when Con-gress decided that " the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday," is the meaning of the divine law which says " the seventh day is the Sabbath," it plainly set itself in contradiction to the word and intent of the Most High. Š0Š ANOTHER established rule is this :Š " When words are plain in a written law, there is an end to all construction; they must be followed." And, " Where the intent is plain nothing is left to construction." Are the words of this commandment quoted by Congress, plain words ? They are nothing else. There is not an obscure nor an ambiguous word in the whole com-mandment. Then under the rule there is no room for any construction; much less is their room for any such construction as would make the expression "the seventh day " mean " the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday." Fitting to the point the New Testament has given us an interesting and important piece of narra-tive. In Mark 16 1, 2, are these words :Š And when the Sabbath was past, Mary Magda-lene, and Mary the mother of James, and Salome, had bought sweet spices that they might come and anoint him. And very early in the morning, the first day of the week, they came unto the sepulchre at the rising of the sun. These people arose very early in the morning of the first day of the week; yet the Sabbath was past. Now Congress has legislated to secure respect for the Sabbath on " the first day of the week." Such a thing can never be done however; because Inspiration has declared that the Sabbath is past before the first day of the week comes. It matters not how early our illustrious and devout Congress and the World's Fair Commission, may get out and around " on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday," they will be too late to find the Sabbath there, for the Lord says that then it is " past." -0- AND it is the Sabbath according to the commandment, too, that is past when the first day of the week comesŠthe Sabbath according to this very commandment which Congress has officially cited. Here is the record :Š And they returned and prepared spices and oint-ments; and rested the Sabbath day according to the commandment. Now upon the first day of the week, very early in the morning, they came unto the sepulchre, bringing the spices which they had  prepared, and certain others with them. And they found the stone rolled away from the sepulchre. And they entered in and found not the body of Jesus. Luke 23:56 and 24:1-3. Here is the plain word of the Lord stating plainly and proving conclusively that " the Sabbath day " according to the very commandment which Congress has officially cited, is the day before " the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday," and that the Sabbath day, ac-cording to this commandment is past be-fore " the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday," comes at all, no matter how early they may get up the first day of the week. _0_ IT is true that the churches are at the head of all this, and that Congress did it at the dictation and under the threats of the churches. It is true that the churches have put this false interpretation upon the commandment, and then saddled it off thus upon Congress. This is all true, but that does not relieve Congress from one whit of the guilt of perverting the law of the Most High, of forcing into that law a meaning that was never intended to be there, and of putting itself in the place of God and assuming the office of interpreter of his laws. Congress had no business to allow itself to be forced into such a posi-tion. Judge Cooley Š" Constitutional Limitations," page 67Šsays :Š A court or legislature which should allow a change of public sentiment to influence it in giving to a written Constitution a construction not war-ranted by the intention of its founders, would be justly chargeable with reckless disregard of official oath and public duty. The theologians gave to the Sabbath commandment a construction which was not in any sense warranted by the in-tention of the Author of the command-ment. They then went to Congress and demanded with threats that it allow it- . self to be influenced, by these theological sentiments and political threats, to give to the written Constitution of the Govern-ment of the living God, a construction which is not in any sense warranted by the intention of the founder of that Con- . stitution. And our national Legislature did allow this sentiment to influence it into doing that very thing. Such a thing done to a human Constitution, an earthly statute, being justly chargeable to reck-less disregard of official oath and public duty, what must be chargeable against such an action with reference to the di-vine Constitution and the heavenly law ? The national LegislatureŠthe Congress of the United StatesŠhas allowed the churches to draw it into the commission of an act with reference to the Constitu-tion and laws of the living God, which if done only with the laws of men would be reckless disregard of official oath and pub-lic duty. And both Congress and the churches are without excuse in the doing of it. _0_ BY this legislation, at the dictate of the churches, Congress has distinctly and def-initely put itself and the Government of the United States into the place where it has established, and proposes to enforce, the observance of an institution as sacred, and as due to the Lord, which not only the Lord has neither established nor re-quired, but which is directly contrary to the plain word of the Lord upon the sub-ject of this very institution and its observ-ance as due to the Lord. And in the doing of this Congress has also been  caused to assume to itself the prerogative of authoritative interpreter of Scripture for the people of the land and for all who come into the land; 1,nd puts itself in the place of God by au horitatively deciding that an observanc , established and re-quired by the' State, and which it calls the Lord's, is the Lord's indeed, although the Lord plainly declares the contrary. IN thus thus submitting to the dictates of the churches, and making itself the official and authoritative mouthpiece for the theological definitions and interpretations of the divine law, the Congress of the United States has given over the Govern-ment of the United States into the hands of the combined churches. A forcible American writer has long ago stated the principle thus :Š To permit a churchŠany churchŠ . . . to dictate, beforehand, what laws should or should not be passed, would be to deprive the people of all the authority they have retained in their own hands, and to make such church the governing power, instead of them.* This is precisely what has been done before the eyes of the people of the United States in this Sunday legislation of the Fifty-second Congress. The combined " evangelical " churches, including the Catholic Church, as a united body on this question, did dictate under threats that this law should be passed. Congress did permit it, and did yield to the dictation. And in so doing it did deprive the people of the governmental authority which they had retained in their own hands by the Declaration and the Constitution ; and did make the churches the governing power in the Government, instead of the people. " Government of the people, by the peo-ple, and for the people," is gone; and there has been established in its stead, the subjection of the people, by the churches, and for the churches. This the Congress of the United States has been led by the churches to do. And in the doing of it, it has caused this en-lightened Nation, the example and glory of the world, to assume the place and the prerogatives of the governments of the Middle Ages in enforcing the dogmas and the definitions of the theologians, and executing the arbitrary and despotic will of the Church. And it is a burning shame. A. T. J. Religious Legislation. [The St. Paul Daily News has expressed its edi-torial views upon the effort to secure, in the com,  ing session of Congress, a reversal of the action of the last session in the passage of the Sunday clos-ing proviso attached to World's Fair appropria-tions. The editorial expression of the News is republished below.] CONGRESS has been rather freely crit-icized for its action in attaching to the World's Fair grant, a proviso that the Fair must not be open on Sunday, and a movement has been started to secure the abrogation of this provision at the Decem-ber session. It is felt, and not without considerable reason, that the recent action of Congress is inconsistent with the prin-ciples of individual liberty of conscience, upon which our Government was founded, and may be looked upon as a direct movement in favor of the union of Church and State. Prompted by this sentiment, the promoters of the new movement call on the people to hold meet-ings all over the country, and pass reso- * Hon. Richard W. Thompson, " The Papacy and the Civil Power." Page 45. 