68 SIEINTPEINTILA., VOL. 10, No. 9. tannica," article " Trent, Council of," fur-nishes good reading. The Augsburg Con-fession, 1530, admits that " the observation of the Lord's day" had been appointed by "the church " only. With Christians divided as they are con-cerning the day that should be observed, as well as the authority for the observance, and as large numbers of the community do, like the writer, not believe at all in holy days, it seems to me the, Indiana legislature should go slow with its religious legislation. It should not try to create and establish holy days, and compel observance thereof as a religious duty, with penalties. That is the hated Inquisition in a mild form. Each and every person is entitled to full .protection in his religious beliefs and practices, from interruption from all other persons. To that end, penalties are prescribed for those who interrupt lawful assemblies, whether they be religious, or any other kind, and there is no complaint that such enactments are not sufficient for the purpose intended. These laws apply equally to all assemblies, whether held on Sundays or other days. It is to such laws that the prosecuting attorney looks when investigating interruptions of religious meet-ings, and not to any law that seeks to compel observance of Sunday as a holy day. Let it be remembered that the purpose of Sunday legislation is not to protect religious meetings from interruption, nor to protect individuals in their religious privilegesŠother enactments do thatŠbut is wholly religious. It is an attempt to force religious practices on the people by the strong arm of the police. SuchŁ enactments are a union of Church and State, so far as they go. Ł But if the legislature of 1895 will dabble with religious compulsory-observance laws, would it not be the fair thing to exempt from the penalties thereof those who conscientiously observe some other day as the Sabbath, also those, who do not feel a duty devolving on them to observe any day as holy ? Such ex-,emptions would not afford any license to interrupt any assembly, whether religious or otherwise, or any individual in his religious practices. Other laws protect such.ŠCharles Foley, Danville, Ind., in Indianapolis News, Feb. 14. FREEDOM OF CONSCIENCE AND SUNDAY LAWS. [-Is is not sufficiently emphasized that the Jew is left abso-lutely free to observe the seventh day. He can close his shop; he can refuse to work."ŠRev. Wilbur F. Crafts.] IT should be emphasized. that all the Jews Are free to rest whatever day they choose; A law to guard the Christian day of rest Leaves conscience free, so none will be oppressed. Such is the sophistry of those who plead For Sunday lawsŠlaws to sustain their creed. In candor now we ask, Is it no crime To take from man one-sixth part of his time ? Let it he emphasized that all are free To rest on Sunday, whosoe'er they be, If conscience lead them thus, there is no cause That they should be compelled by statute laws. For thoge who've not that conscience 'tis too bad To be compelled to act as if they had; For, let this simple truth be understood, Compelling men by law can't make them good. Ł If hypocrites are what.they wish to make, No surer way they possibly could take Than using tests religious as a bait To office-seeking parties in the State. When they convert the world. by means like these, Base hypocrites will play their games with ease; And their millennium, with such a brood, -Will be, the vilest era since the flood, ŠR. F. C. SUNDAY, THE SALOONS, THE PRIESTS, AND THE PREACHERS. THERE are two bills pending in the Senate of this State and five in the Assembly, the purpose of which is to legalize the sale of in-toxicating liquors in New York and Brooklyn on Sunday. Four of these bills provide for the sale of liquors during certain hours of the day and evening, presumably at such hours as might be supposed to interfere least with attendance at church services; and all of them provide that the front doors must be closed and the blinds drawn. One of these bills provides that "there shall be no noise or disorder permitted therein cal- culated to disturb the quiet and peace of the Sabbath day." And it is such examples of pious cant that should open the eyes of every- body to the impropriety of all Sunday legisla-tion. Of course the popular preachers are up in arms against all these bills. The churches are almost with one voice demanding the de-feat of le proposed measures. And strange as it may seem to some, a large number of Catholic priests are opposed to the contem-plated legislation. But strange as it may seem, it is only what might be expected. Sunday is an institution of the Roman Catholic Church, and of course Rome will honor her own. Sunday evening, February 10, a " Catholic pastors" meeting" was held in this city to consider this subject. " Rev. A. P. Doyle, of the Paulist Fathers," presided. " The meeting," says the World of Monday, " was a remarkable one. Al-though announced only yesterday, every seat was filled long before the hour of opening, and hundreds of late corners were compelled to stand. It was an enthusiastic audience, too, and heartily applauded the vigorous lan-guage used." The World, to which we are indebted for the facts, continues :Š Seated on the stage with Father Doyle were the Very Rev. Joseph F. Mooney, Vicar-General; the Very Rev. A. V. Higgins, Provincial of the Dominicans; the Rev. Father Monselli, of the Order of the Pious Missions, pastor of the Italian Church in Harlem; the Rev. P. F. McSweeney and the Rev. Father Drain, of St. Brigid's ; the Rev. John G. McCormick, of St. Mon-ica's; the Rev. Father Hartigan, of the Dominicans; the Rev. John Hughes, Paulist; the Rev. Father Flood, of St. John the Evangelist's; the Rev. P. Ennis, of the Franciscans, and Jeremiah Fitzpatrick, the President of the St. Vincent de Paul Society of this city. Letters and telegrams were also received from the Revs. Cunnion, of St. Raphael's ; Colton, of St. Ste-phen's, and Murphy, of old St. Patrick's, the Fathers of the French Church of St. John the Baptist and of the Mission of Our Lady of the Rosary at Castle Gar-den, and others, all expressing the heartiest approval of the objects of the meeting. Vicar-General Mooney was the first speaker. He read from the decrees of the Third Plen-ary Council of Baltimore, in which Sunday liquor-selling is severely condemned, and then said is our platform, the platform laid down by the bishops of the church in this country and approved by the holy father himself. We take our stand on the broad grounds of public morality and good citizenship on this most burning and vital question: We care not what political promises or election pledges were made which it is now proposed to redeem ; we protest against any scheme for the Sunday opening of the saloons. We want the Lord's day kept holy, and we want no interference with the laws designed to bring about this most laudable end. We demand this as Catholics, as Christians, and as citizens of this Re-public. The Vicar-General makes no bones about telling just why Roman Catholics are opposed to Sunday liquor-selling; it is because "we want the Lord's day kept holy." He is equally explicit as to the real purpose of Sunday laws. Notice the sentence: "We want the Lord's  day kept holy, and we want no interference with laws designed to bring about this most laudable end.' If the so-called Protestant advocates of Sunday laws were as candid we would hear less about " the civil Sabbath." " Father " Higgins, Provincial of the Do- minicans, declared :Š This Sunday opening means the effacement of the father from the family. It means the effacement of thoughts of God from the hearts of men on his own day. It means snore drunkenness, more immorality. Therefore we are performing a duty to Christianity and to the sanctity of the home by this demonstration here to-night. We protest against any legislation that would make Sunday anything else than a day of peace and church-going and rest. Therefore we denounce this most unwise, most immoral and most irreligious movement to open the saloons on the Lord's day. After several other speeches of a like charac-ter, the following resolutions were adopted :Š Resolved, That as Catholics, we enter our earnest and emphatic protest against the proposed desecration of a day especially consecrated to religious devotion and observances, a day which we are commanded by the law of God to "keep holy," and that we would be unfaithful to our high and solemn sense of duty as Christian citizens of our free Republic if we failed at such a juncture to give public expression to our utter detestation and abhorrence of legislation that, instead of lessening, must inevitably increase the evils of the Sunday liquor traffic. Resolved, That, entertaining the highest respect and reverence for the decision of the Third Plenary Coun-cil of Baltimore in reference to this particular matter, we earnestly hope, in the language of its decree, "that Sunday laws will not be relaxed, but more rigidly en-forced," and that "those who are engaged in the traffic should abstain entirely from the sale of liquor on Sunday." Resolved, That we solemnly protest in the interests of our holy religion and of public morality, in the name of afflicted humanity, for the true welfare of society and the maintenance of law and order, against the proposed violation and desecration of the Chris-tian Sabbath for the benefit of any class and especially for the benefit of a trade that, while it is more exact-ing in its demands than any legitimate business, is more objectionable and obnoxious than any other on account of its gross abuses and great evils which at-tend even on its restricted and licensed prosecution. Resolved, That we are in full and hearty accord with all bodies of our fellow-citizens who are engaged in the truly laudable and timely movement to abate the evils of the liquor traffic and who have publicly and indignantly protested against the iniquitous, unrea-sonable and intolerable legislation demanded in the interests and. for the exclusive promotion of this pecul-iarly absorbing and exacting business. Resolved, That a printed copy of these resolutions, signed by the chairman and secretary of this meeting, be sent to each member of the Senate and Assembly of the Legislature of this State. It is noticeable that the first resolution takes distinctively anti-Roman Catholic grounds upon the question of Sunday sacredness. The Roman Catholic doctrine is that the law of God does not require the keeping of Sunday, but of the seventh day, and that Sunday ob-servance rests entirely upon the authority of the church. A " Doctrinal Catechism'  by Rev. Stephen Keenan, Imprimatur, ,Sohn Cardinal Mc Closkey; Excelsior Catholic Pub-lishing House, 5 Barclay Street, New York, 1876, page 174, has this question and answer :Š Q. Have you any other way of proving that the church has power to institute festivals of precept A. Had she not such power she could not have done that in which all modern religionists agree with her ;Šshe could not have substituted the observance of Sunday, the first day of the week, for the observ-ance of Saturday, the seventh day, a change for which there is no scriptural authority. A like testimony is borne by "An Abridg-ment of the Christian Doctrine," by Rev. Henry Tuberville; Imprimatur,- the Right Rev. Benedict, Bishop of Boston; Excelsior Catholic Publishing House, 5 Barclay Street, New York, 1833, page 58. This work says:Š Q. How prove you that the church hath power to command feasts and holy days ? A. By the very act of changing the Sabbath into Sunday, which Protestants allow of; and therefore they fondly contradict themselves, by keeping Sunday strictly, and breaking most other feasts commanded by the same church. 