AN ILLUSTRATION OF CRIME IN GEORGIA. THIS view is taken from a photograph, and shows Mr. J. T. Eaton, of Rome, Ga., exactly as he appeared hoeing in his corn patch on a recent Sunday, for which "crime" he was tried and convicted under the.Sunday law, and but for an appeal to the higher court would have been sentenced to the chain-gang. Mr. Eaton's house is shown in the background. As the illustration shows, Mr. Eaton was a long distance from the road along which the individuals passed who were "shocked" to see him at work. person's feelings. THE church can impress the world only by man-ifesting to the world the power of godliness. When she invokes the civil power in the aid of religion she only im-presses the world with a sense of the hypocrisy of her profession. No HUMAN law can off-set the power of the "law of sin and death" that, as the Scripture declares, is at work in every un-converted heart. Until that is overcome by the "law of the Spirit of life in Christ Jesus," the in-dividual will be bound by it in spite of all the Sun-day laws or other reli-gious laws that can be enacted. And when he has been freed from the power of sin by the "law of the Spirit of life," he will need no 'man made religious laws to enable him to do right. "IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BRT TEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT." Jesus Christ. VOLUME 14. NEW YORK, JUNE 15, 1899. NUMBER 24. the individual feelings guarded by law against a possible shock. No progress in the knowledge of religious truth was ever made without a shock to somebody's feelings. 4 4 A SUNDAY law invades one individual's rights for the sake of saving another THE realm of conscience is sacred to and his God. day that he has to enjoy whether he be a church-goer or not. .31 IRRELIGION is a sin, but it is not properly a crime. THE more aid the church receives from the state, the weaker she be-comes as a spiritual power. So LONG as the church upholds Sunday laws, she denies the Scriptural doctrine that an individ-ual can do right only through the exercise of faith. IF a person does not want spiritual recreation ,on the Sabbath, he ought not therefore to be pro-hibited from taking what recreation he can get in a physical way. 'No PERSON has a right to prohibit other people from holding and teach-ing opinions contrary to his own, or to have his 4 4 A MAN has the same right to enjoy himself on Sun- himself on any other day, 