AMEELIoAN SENTINEL., 263 The Churches and Sunday Desecration. WHY should the promoters of "Sabbath, reform" seek to realize their object by reforming the State (so that the civil authorities shall enact and enforce laws for Sunday observance), when it is evident from their own testimony that the most appropriate place for such reforms is in the church. Here are two testimonies among many others that have been given upon this point. In answer to a question from a correspondent asking whether it would be proper for a Methodist minister to travel by Sunday trains to keep an ap-pointment for preaching when he could easily make the journey on the preceding day, the New York Christian Advocate said:Š "If he desired to exhibit contempt for the spirit and practise of the genuine representatives of Methodism with regard to the Sabbath, and make an impression upon the students to whom he was to preach that Sunday traveling is a matter of indifference, the most effective way of doing these things would be to take the Sunday train, arrive just before the service, and take another for his, home as soon as possible after the service. But if he wished to promote a regard for the observance of the Sabbath, he would never travel from one city to another on that day, except in a case of such extreme necessity that he would be justified in the public conscience. In addition to that he should take pains to have the reasons stated. The observance of Sunday has been broken down more effectually by pro-fessed Christians, than by all other adverseinfiuences put together." The second is the following stated in the Topeka Daily Capital (Sheldon edition) by Rev. W. F. Crafts, who has for years devoted,the major portion of his time to "Sabbath reform" work:Š "You have asked me to report on the above subject [Sunday observance] at a time when the Sabbath is more attacked from the front and rear than ever be-fore. Its worst foes are those of its own household, Christians who patronize Sunday trains, Sunday news-papers and Sunday mail. One often hears a preacher speak openly of going on a Sunday train, which is run in violation of both human and divine law. Churches advertise in Sunday papers that are also violations of both codes. Sabbath schools adjourn fifteen minutes before church to leave time to sandwich a visit to the postofilce in between the services. In a New York vil-lage I recently heard a Methodist preacher say that communion would be in the evening because so many of his members worked in the paper mill in the earlier hours of the Sabbath. Thousands of persons are re-ceived into church membership while they are breaking the Sabbath laws of heaven and earth, on the ground they might lose something if they refused. What fools the martyrs were who lost life rather than do wrong! With such news coming in from the churches, we cannot expect much from those who represent the state. "The observance of Sunday has been broken down more effectually by professed Christians than by, all  other adverse influences put together,"says the leading Methodist journal in the United States, and a man whose long experience in Sunday reform work has made him thoroughly familiar with the situation, says that the worst foes of Sunday are those of its own household. Is it not-time, then, to turn the energy of the "reform" movement upon the churchesŠupon the worst offendersŠinstead of directing it longer against those who naturally look to the churches to set them an example in such matters? Sectarian Appropriations Stopped. New York "Independent." FOR the first time in fifteen years the Indian Ap-propriation bill goes through Congress shorn of any provision in aid of sectarian schools among Indians, commonly known as contract schools. The coming fiscal year will perhaps be the first since 1819 that Gov-ernment appropriations for Indian education will be applied solely to the support of schools carried on by the Government. This is the consummation of a policy outlined by Congress in 1895. For that fiscal year the allowance for contract schools was over $2,000,000. In each suc-ceeding year Congress reduced this allowance 20, 30, 10, 10 and 15 per cent., leaving only 15 per cent., or less than $60,000, available for the current fiscal year. The contract schools have thus had ample opportunity to adjust themselves to inevitable Americanism, and the Indian Bureau has meantime largely increased its° own facilities for taking care of Indian pupils. A vigorous attempt was made in Congress to con-tinue contract school appropriations on the specious plea that the enrollment in Government schools being already greater than the capacity of those schools, no place could be found for an average of 2,000 or more Indian children who are now being cared for under con-tract until the Indian Bureau should erect more build-ings in which to house them. This would, of course, require a year or more at the very least. But the argument fell to the ground when it was pointed out that the average attendance on Government schools was less than their capacity, and, moreover, that the Indian Bureau stood ready, and had done so for sev-eral years, to purchase any contract school plant that might be offered. Of the 25,202 Indian pupils enrolled in school last year, 20,712 were in schools supported by the Govern-ment, 2,903 in contract schools aided by the Govern-ment, 326 in public schools at Government expense, and 1,261 in mission schools without expense to the Government. There is, therefore, no question that the'  Government will be able to take care of any Indian pupils now in contract schools whom those schools shall be unwilling or unable to provide for next year. 