AMERICAN SENTINEL: 493 "The charge brought against them was that of `breaking the Sabbath' contrary to the dignity of the State. "A lawyer, Mr. Wood, kindly volunteered his service to defend the accused, although the judge had ap-proached him previous to the trial asking him to prose-cute the cases, which he politely declined, saying he did 'not want to be mixed up in a piece of dirty spite work.' " The judge called the boys up and without trial or motion fined them three dollars and costs, to which Mr. Wood objected, stating that they had not been convicted yet of a misdemeanor, and waived the examination to the circuit court, to which the judge objected, refusing them the right of appeal. He also absolutely refused to accept a certified bond for their appearance at the next term of court. "They refused to pay the fine and the judge issued a mittimus for their confinement, whereupon Mr. Wood notified his honor, that if that was his ultimatum, he, Mr. Wood, would prosecute him, the judge, for denying them that which the law accorded to any and all de-fendants. So after a few hours' consideration the judge permitted them to give bond, which they did at once, and now are free until the first Monday in September next. " We hope to quash the thing at the Grand Jury sitting. We have friends but many times they are afraid to stand against a popular tide. "The boys are of good courage and exercise good judgment in the matter. " We might add that not less than thirty men were at work within a mile of the Judge's door that same day, and nothing was said to them. " We will keep you posted as to the matter. " GRANT ADKINS." A "Military" Sunday. "Signs of the Times," July 28. THE Christian Work has the following suggestive note:Š "Still another special SundayŠa temperance Sun-dayŠhas been set aside by the General Assembly. With fifty-one special Sundays, we shall still have one Sunday left for the stated preaching of the Word. We hope it will be a clear, bright, radiant Sunday, where the blue of the sky and emerald of the grass greet each other in ecstatic joy." Why not make that Sunday a special day for patri-otic services? Do not our Sunday friends know that all the telling events of the war thus far have occurred on Sunday? May 1, Sunday, Commodore Dewey won his victory at Manila; July 3, Sunday, Commodore Schley won his victory at the mouth of Santiago harbor; July 10, Sunday, the joint bombardment of Santiago by army and navy began; on July 17, Sunday, Santiago  surrendered to, General Shafter ; and on the same date, Sunday, the Cabinet met and laid their plans for the invasion and capture of Porto Rico. Surely, why not have in the "church calendar" a military Sunday? Providence does not seem to be against the Sunday fighting of Americans. Why should there not be a mili-tary Sunday set apart for a memorial of these victories ? The idea is absurd, of course, but not more absurd than many other things in this military-religious-political regime which so many enthusiastic "reformers" are endeavoring to have the country adopt. What the Chinese ,Think of Us. KNOWING fairly well what the average " civilized " American thinks of the ways of the "heathen Chinee," it may be interesting to take the latter's standpoint for a moment, and see what he thinks of the ways of the "bar- barian" American. In his own eyes, each one is the representative of civilization, and the other of barbar- ism; and the candid mind will probably be ready to admit that the views of the Chinaman are not without some force of common sense. The remarks for our enlightenment on this point are the following furnished by a Chinaman living near Shanghai, and published in the Frankfurter Zeitung, Frankfort, Germany:Š " We are always told that the countries of the for-eign devils are grand and rich, but that cannot be true, else what do they all come here for? It is here they grow rich. But you cannot civilize them; they are be-yond redemption. They will live weeks and months without touching a mouthful of rice, but they eat the flesh of bullocks and sheep in enormous quantities. That is why they smell so badly; they smell like sheep themselves. Every day they take a bath to rid them-selves of their disagreeable odors but they do not suc-ceed. Nor do they eat their meat cooked in small pieces. It is carried into the room in large chunks, often half raw, and then they cut and slash and tear it apart. They eat with knives and prongs; it makes a civilized being perfectly nervous. One fancies himself in the pres-ence of sword swallowers. " The opium poison, which they have brought us, they do not use themselves. But they take enormous quantities of weskichu and Shang ping-chu [whiskey and champagne]. The latter is very good. They know what is good, the rascals. It is because they eat and drink so much that they never rest. A sensible, civilized person does nothing without due consideration; but the barbarians hurry with everything. Their anger, how-ever, is only a fire of straw; if you wait long enough they get tired of being angry. I worked for two of them. The one we used to call the 'Crazy Flea' because he was al-ways jumping about; the other we named the 'Wooden Gun,' because he never went off, though he was always at full cock. "They certainly do not know how to amuse them-selves. You never see them enjoy themselves by sitting quietly upon their ancestor's grave. They jump around and kick balls as if they were paid to do it. Again, you 