AMERICAN SENTINEL. 9 it is perfectly plain. Archbishop Ireland cannot repre-sent the United States at the peace conference, simply because he does not represent it here. He represents the papacy, and that only; and so long as he remains a prel-ate of that church, he can represent nothing else.  ate the GoVernment which stands for civil and religious freedom. Will the American people make no protest to this continued national obeisance to the papacy? * The Crime of Sunday Golf. CAN any one seriously suppose that the pope would sanetionfor so important an office as that of archbishop, a man who would place any other interests before those of the church of which the Roman pontiff is the head? Whoever believes that Archbishop Ireland is an Ameri-can citizen first and a Roman Catholic official second, is ignorant of the first principles upon which the papacy is built. * * FIRST, last, and always, an archbishop of the Catho-lic Church represents that church and works for its ad-vancement. And in so doing he cannot possibly repre' sent or work for a republican government. He cannot possibly do otherwise than work directly against such a government, for the plain reason that the papacy is a system altogether contrary in character to republican government. It is a system embodying principles ex-actly the opposite of those announced in the Declaration of Independence and the national Constitution. It is a system which embodies a union of church and state, de-nies the fundamental human right of liberty of con-science, and utterly repudiates the doctrine of "govern-ment of the people, by the people, for the people," affirm-ing in its place the doctrine of government of the peo-ple by the pope of Rome and his subordinates. It is a system which brought France to the French Revolution, and Spain to the ruin in which she lies to-day. It is a system which aims to subordinate every government to the papacy, to disintegrate every government until the power and authority of government the world over, both civil and spiritual, shall be in the hands of the pope and prelates of Rome. * * FOR this system Archbishop Ireland, like every other archbishop, is diligently working. So long as he adheres to the principles of the papacy, he must work for it, for those principles do not admit of anything else. And therefore it is perfectly plain, as stated, that Archbishop Ireland cannot represent the United States Government either at home or abroad; and if in anything he does represent this Government, he does it not in the interests of this Government, but in the interests of the Catholic Church. He will represent nothing where the interests of that church are not the primary consideration. * a And therefore, to make this prelate of Rome the rep-resentative of the American Republic at the interna-tional congress called by the czar, will be to honor the papacy, and in proportion as that is honored to humili- SEVERAL prominent citizens of Norwalk, Conn., were recently brought into court and fined each $2 and costs, for having broken the Sunday law of that State by in-dulging in a game of golf. The Sunday law was put into operation in the cases by a grand juror named Dauchy, who also conducted the prosecution. The defense was conducted by lawyer Kenealy. The spirit of the proceeding appears in the following extract from the account given by the New York Sun. It should be added in explanation that the Sunday law of Connecticut prohibits sport, but allows recreation. The defense, of course, naturally took ad-vantage of this fine distinction to claim that the acts complained of were recreation, which the prosecution was obliged to disprove. We quote:Š "Kenealy then delivered an oration on the shameful-ness of dragging his clients into court and branding them as criminals, because they had taken a little needed exercise on Sunday. 'It's poor business, too,' he de-clared. 'Towns with accessible golf links were going to have the call with New York people, and if you drive the golf players out of here they're going to go somewhere else. This job you've done is mighty small business, and it's just to gratify personal spite.' "His long and able argument clinched lawyer Ken-ealy's case with the audience, and disturbed the judge somewhat, but it, didn't feaze Dauchy a little bit. " "I, as a grandjuror, class that golf playing as sport,' he declared, in his stiffest dignity. 'Playing golf is noth-ing but playing the game. It's a disgrace to have that game going on when people are going to and from church. I shall have more complaints, whichever way your honor decides, and perhaps we can reach them in some way.' "'The grand juror is under a misapprehension about this,' said Kenealy. 'He supposed a game was going on, whereas these men were only exercising.' "'Then chopping wood would be recreation?' asked the judge. "'That's a necessity,' interposed Dauchy, 'but this thing was sport; I can't see it in any other way.' "'I suppose you'd arrest a man for playing marbles or playing the piano on Sunday,' remarked Kenealy. "'Yes, that's just what I would,' exclaimed Dauchy. "'For riding a bicycle, too?' "'There's nothing in the law about bicycles; other-wise I'd had them all up long ago,' answered the grand juror, regretfully. 'I've been run down by the blamed things four times.' "The court is of the opinion that these men went there to have sport,' decided the judge. 'I find them guilty of playing golf on Sunday, which is really sport, and fine them each $2 and costs. I expect it will be taken up and my decision reversed. I hope it will for 