OCTOBER 15, 1896. SiETSPPINTME 325 shop for ten years, and the prosecutions against him were instituted by rivals in the business. He could have availed himself of the excep-tion to the law in favor of barber shops in connection with hotels, but insisted that he had a right to keep his place open Sun-days. The Supreme Court says that the ordinance is unconstitutional, as being special legisla-tion, granting privileges and immunities to one class of citizens which are not allowed equally to all. If this law is valid, says the court, then the legislature would have the right to prohibit farm labor, printing and nine tenths of the employments which citizens usually engage in in this country and leave the other one tenth to pursue their vocations. The ordinance in question is deemed as spe-cial legislation, and while it is true that there have been some decisions, notably in New York, holding the contrary view, this court is satisfied that the ordinance is unconstitu-tional and reverses judgment with instructions to dismiss the case. ALL SUNDAY " LAWS" OUGHT TO BE ABOL- ISHED. BY H. W. REED. WHY ought Sunday statutes to be abolished? Because such statutes are religious, and there-fore contrary to the Constitution of the United States, though in harmony with English law, whence we directly received our Sunday stat-utes. These "laws" were transplanted to the colonies and were not dropped, as they should have, been, when these colonies became States. Sunday ' laws " were and are contrary to the Declaration of Independence, to the spirit of the National Constitution, and to the consti-tutions of the several States. Some of our politicians are strongly opposed to England's lead or dictation to them in money matters. They are right. But why will they not be as consistent in opposing Sunday "laws" which we received from Eng-land? They should, and we ask that all Sunday " laws " be abolished in the United States. The terrible "beast" of Daniel 7, with ten horns, represents Rome with its ten divisions. In the time of Constantine, Church and State were united in Rome, and after this union the horns were developed, and of course they par-took of the nature of the " beast," that is, there was in them a union of Church and State. As England was one of these horns she had union of Church and State, and as she planted the colonies, that principle was in them, and when they became States, that union of Church and State should have been everlastingly broken, but it was not. How much better it would have been for this nation if she had broken that union instead of forg-ing chains, as she has done, to strengthen it. Then there would have been no conscientious Sabbath-keepers imprisoned and deprived of their natural rights because they worked upon the first day of the week, as God commands them to do. If these Sunday "laws" were abolished, as they ought to be, then Mr. B. A. Philpott, of Dillton, Tenn., would not be under arrest for Sunday labor. Now he is to be tried as a criminal, at Murfreesboro, in the next session of the Circuit Court, for being in harmony with God, the Constitution of the United States, and the constitution of the State of Tennessee (in which State he was born); but not in harmony with an unconsti-tutional "law" received from England. How  unjust these Sunday "laws" have been the eternal decisions of the court of heaven will decide. The persecuted, however, do not stand so much in need of pity as do the per-secutors. The Sunday "law" has come to us from the Papacy through England. What is the Pa-pacy? The Papacy is the papal church, and the papal church is the awful result of an un-lawful marriage between paganism and formal Christianity. Every specification that is pre-dicted in Daniel 7: 25, is found wrought out in the history of this power. The history of her guilt is exposed to the world; still she conceals much of her corruption in garments of purple and scarlet, ornamented with gold, pearls and precious stones. She boasts of having changed the law of God, and courts the worship of the world. The honest in heart will reject her bids and heed not her haughty claims to their adoration. Shall Protestants yield to her the victories gained by the Reformation and fall under her tyran-nical rule? The father of Sunday was a pagan, but its mother was the " mother of harlots." Nourished by this maternal anti-christ, it grew to be an enemy of God, and to-day, with giant-like powers, it is seeking to cast down the perfect gift of GodŠhis law. Unconsciously honest-hearted Protestants have nourished this child of the Papacy. They have done this not knowing its origin, or the corrupt propensities it possesses. To cherish and caress this papal sabbath is but to honor the worst system of religion in this fallen world. It is like pressing to the heart a venomous serpent, but the venom of error produces eternal death, while the venom of the serpent produces only temporal death. This "mother of harlots" has with impious hands smitten the law of God, and with un-hallowed feet she crushes the fourth com-mandment to the ground, thinking to stamp it out of existence. Thanks be unto God, truth can never die. Let us plant our feet on the rock of the living GodŠChrist Jesus Šand through his grace magnify the law and make it honorable; but not by religious legislation, for this will either make martyrs or hypocrites. God forbid that we make either. Then in order that we do not, let us abolish religious legislation, and if we do this we will abolish all Sunday " laws." If the Sunday statutes are not abolished many just persons will suffer unjustly, for which suf-fering a just reward will be measured out upon its authors by Him who is the fountain of all law. THE STATE AND THE CHURCH. IN 1848 Baptist W. Noel (England), aAvriter of acknowledged ability, published a work on the subject of Church and State, in which he reviewed some of the positions taken by Mr. Gladstone on this subject. His work was not a review of Gladstone, as was Macaulay's essay, but his points are equally well made. Unlike Macaulay, he is "a dissenter" and a minister. The following extract is from Mr. Noel's book, page 29:Š - "How many members of Parliament profess to trust wholly in Christ for their salvation from hell, and therefore make his word their exclusive rule of conduct? If the majority are without this faith, they are unchristian and ungodly; and the union between the Church and the State is the union between the churches of Christ and a body of uncon-verted menŠit is the union of the Church  with the world. And since all who are not with Christ are against him, it is the union of his friends with his enemies. The effect of the union does not depend upon what the State ought to be, but upon what it is; and to advocate the union because the State is bound to be evangelical, is the same thing as to say that a thief should be made the trustee of a property because he is bound to be hon-est; or that the Lord's supper should be ad-ministered to a drunken profligate because he is bound to be virtuous and sober. The ad-vocates of the union constantly argue, not from what the State is, but from what it ought to be; and infer most erroneously the effect of the union of the churches with the actual State from what they suppose would be the effect of their union with the Utopian State. The actual State is irreligious, and the churches are bound to dissolve their union with it." THE RIGHTS OF THE PEOPLE. WHEN the servants of the people who have been selected and sworn for the sole purpose of maintaining the constitutional provisions which the people have established for the se-curity of their rights, fail so completely to do what they have been appointed to do, and really subvert the Constitution instead of supporting it, then the right to do this them-selves, in their own proper persons, rests by a double tenure with the people. First, it is always the right and just pre-rogative of the people to set the actions of these servants alongside of the Constitution and judge whether they have indeed sup-ported it or failed to support it. Remember the words of Dickinson, that "the people must restore things to that order from which their functionaries have departed;" and of Wilson, that "the supreme power resides in the peo-ple, and they never part with it ;" the words of 'Bryce, that "the people censure any in-terpretation which palpably departs from the old lines;" and the words of Lincoln, that "the people of these United States are the rightful masters of both Congresses and courts; not to overthrow the Constitution, but to overthrow the men who pervert the Consti-tution." This right rests always with the people, for them freely to exercise. But when the agents which they have appointed for the very pur-pose of detecting unconstitutional laws and protecting the people from their injusticeŠwhen these agents themselves not only fail to do this, but actually aid in fastening uncon-stitutional statutes upon the people, then the Ł right of the people to test the statutes by the Constitution, being " incapable of annihila-tion," returns to the people, and rests with them, by additional tenure, and it then of right devolves upon the people, themselves and for themselves, and each one for himself, to decide the case, declare such law uncon-stitutional and void, and treat it so in all their actions. This is not to say, nor even to imply, that every man is at liberty to disregard, or disre-spect, whatever action of the government he may not personally agree with. It is to say that it is absolutely incumbent on every cit-izen to be so well read in the Constitution and the Declaration that he shall know for him-self the limitations upon the government, and act accordingly. Every citizen must hold himself, as well as the government, strictly to the Constitution. The Constitution is a lim-itation, not, indeed, upon the power of the. people, except in the prescribed way, but 