Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas yefferson. VOLUME 4. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, DECEMBER 11, 1889. NUMBER 46. AD2eFical2 ger2tHr1. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK; 18 POST ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.; & CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. EDITORS, . F. J. WAGGONER, ALoNzo T. JONES. After January 1, 1890, this-paper will be published at 43 Bond Street, New York City. Our exchanges, ad-vertisers, and correspondents will please make a note of this fact, and send all papers and direct all cor-respondence, to reach us after December 15, to our new address. A TENNESSEE:: judge has arrived at the con-clusion that no statute is absolute while.it stands unrepealed,' and has therefore instructed the grand jury of his court to "indict all persons who publicly express infidel sentiments." This is an illustration of what may be expected if the "National Sunday Reformers" should ever se-cure a grip upon the reins of governmentŠLead-vale Argus. THE. San Francisco Chronicle thinks that the suggestion of-EditOr 'Shepard, of New York, to annex Utah to Nevada does not furnish a feasible solution of the Mormon problem, and says:Š . "The Saints would at-  once flock in from adjacent Territories till they would outnumber and outvote the Gentiles. . . . It is -far better to deal with Mor-monism in the present fashion than to put political power into the hands of men who recognize their church and its mandates as superior to the law of the government." That which the Chronicle says is, we suppose, all true. Adherents of such a system as Mor-monism cannot be loyal, to any government other than their own hierarchy; but this is just as true of Romanisrn as or Mormonism. -I. Ł  THE Lutheran Witness of November 7 gives the facts relative to the conviction, in Forsyth County, Ga., of Mr. Conklin, for cutting a little wood on Sunday, and then makes this sage-(?) re-, mark:Š " Evidently the State law of Georgia prohibits Sun-day work, elsewre could in no way see the fairness of such a conviction." It is also evident that the Witness lacks the courage of its convictions, else it " could in no way see the fairness [or justice at least] of such ,a conviction " whether " the State law of Georgia pro-hibits Sunday work" or not. The law is simply , an unjust, wicked, and antichristian law. If the fact of tbere being a State law against Sunday labor justifies the conviction of Mr. Conklin, then the fact of the existence of laws against heresy would justify all the persecutions of the Dark Ages: Is the Witness-ready to admit that Luther :ought to have been burned? The Rights of the Minority. [This article, which we take from the Light-of Home (Seventh-day Baptist), is, worthy of a care-ful reading. It is a, just criticism upon Mr. Crafts' position as stated in his book, " The Sabbath for Man." The writer has, however, made a mistake in not showing that the State has no right to require anybody, either Christian or infidel, to keep any day whatever.] THE advocates of Sunday legislation are com-pelled to "talk both ways," whenever the ques-of proscription, or the rights of the minority, are under consideration. , On the one bald, they , loudly assert that they do not seek legislation in favor of Sunday as a religious institution, nor do they intend to infringe upon the conscientious rights, of those who observe the seventh day; that they believe/in the largest religious liberty, etc. Thus they assert, when confronting those who oppose their plans and purposes. On the other hand, when left to state their position en-tire, they lay down a program which, though mildly worded, has in it the essential elements of medieval persecution. For example: Dr. Crafts, field secretary of the American Sabbath Union, in his "The Sabbath for Man," extracts from which appear in Monthly Document, No. 2, of the pub- licationS of that Union, asserts that Sunday laws, are consistent with liberty, opening his discussion with the following paragraph:Š "Sabbath laws are consistent with liberty in the same way as other laws for the protection of institu-tions deemed, by the majority of the people, impor-tant to the welfare of society, such as the setting apart of the fourth of July and the twenty-second of February for the culture of patriotism." That is sheer sophistry. The laws which make these national holidays-  do not compel abstinence from labor, business, or recreation; they specially encourage the latter. Turning to the Jews, Mr. Crafts.  treats his readers to the following:Š " But how is it consistent with liberty that those whose religion requires them to rest on the seventh day should be compelled by law to give up public business and public amusements on the first day also? "The case of Jewish immigrants is not as difficult as many have thought. Every Jew who determines to come to Great Britain or the United States knows, or might know, that while his religion forbids him to do business on the seventh day, the laws of the countries to which he proposes to go, forbid the same on the first day. If he cannot do more business in five days in Great Britain or in the United States than in six days elsewhere, he is free to remain else-where. If when he has come into Great Britain or the United States he finds, by experiment, that 'a conscientious Jew cannot. make a living,' the world is all before him to choOse where he will dwell. Jews seem to forget that their Mosaic laws compelled not only native Israelites to rest on the. seventh day, but also their servants, native or foreign, and 'the stran-ger within their gates,' It is pas-Sing strange that a  people-  whose ancient law compelled the Gentile worshipers of the sun, who happened then to be in Palestine, although they kept the first day of the week for their worship, to rest on the seventh day also, out.of respect to the prevailing religion, should object to Great Britain and the United States follow-ing the example of their fathers, only making the rule work the other way." If this enunciation of the doctrine of religious liberty, by the-apostle of modern Sunday legisla-tion, be analyzed, the following elements appear: 1. The religious convictions of the Jew deserve no recognition at the hands of the civil law. If he is bigoted enough to rest on Saturday because God commands him to do so, let him take his chances amid the bustle of the world's business, and get rest, and attain worship if he can, sur- rounded by the roar of Saturday's hubbub, Since they are in the minority, the civil law can make no recognition of their rights to protection in the matter of rest and worship. ' On the other hand, those who thus place the Jews outside the protection of the law, as to their religious convic-tions, insist that all others, Jews and non-Chris-tians alike, must be compelled to remain quiet on Sunday, lest they disturb those who desire to ob-serve the day religiously. Here then is the first glaring inconsistency in Mr. Crafts' position, viz., that the conscience of the majority only is to be recognized by civil law. Injustice and illib-erality are further shown in the statement thatŠ "Every Jew who desires to come to Great Britain or the United States, knows, or might know, that while his religion forbids him to do business on the seventh day, the laws of the country to which he proposes to go, forbid the same on the first day. If he cannot do more business in five days in Great Britain or the United States than he can in six days elsewhere, he is free to remain elsewhere. The world is all before him to choose where he will dwell." Narrow bigotry could scarcely go further than this statement. It says to the Jew, If you de-sire to live in Great Britain or the United States, you can do so, under the penalty of hav-ing your religious conviction concerning the Sab-bath disregarded, and being compelled to obey man in the observance of Sunday, after you have obeyed God in observing the Sabbath. If you do not like that state of things, the world is be- fore you; go where you will. The hitter preju-dice born of Roman paganism has evidently been transferred to the writer of this Monthly Docu-ment, No. 2, in no small degree. Still further does Mr. Crafts attempt argument by claiming that, under the Jewish theocracy, "the Gentile worshipers of the sun, who hap-pened to be in Palestine, although they kept the first day of the week for worship [were com- pelled] to rest on the seventh also," and therefore the Jews in the United States ought not to com- plain if they are compelled to keep Sunday. That is illiberalism worthy of Russian despotism, To make legislations concerning religious liberty 