JUNE 13, 1895. _AmmrLitc_A_N siENTIEN-EL,0 187 entirely changed the Sunday law of Tennessee. We simply state these facts to illustrate the danger that there is in judicial legislation, and the: necessity of vigilance upon this point in order that the principles of freedom and the constitutional safeguards which have been thrown around our cherished liberties, be not entirely swept away by the courts in the exer-cise of toe great a discretion in the direction of adding by judicial legislation to the statutes and of no discretion whatever in the interests of justice and the preservation of human rights. The trend of the times is, however, to-ward centralization_ of power and the deifica-tion of law. Precedent is exalted to the place that properly belongs to the Constitution. Prejudices more or less pronounced have been allowed /to swerve men from justice, and in thiS departure from well-established law and legal principles; the fundamental law of the *ateŠthat law from which all other law re-Ceives the only power to bind which it hasŠthis-  fundamental law is well-nigh lost sight of; and when the guarantees of the Constitu-tiOn are swept away, when our most sacred of all law in set -aside, in what respect are we better off than the despotisms of Europe having no written constitutions,Šno es-tablished charters protecting the people from the violations of law on the part of their serv-antsŠthe governments ? AN ATLANTA PAPER DEFENDS THE GEORGIA INQUISITION. easy reference in replying:Š Ł -'(1.) In the Christian world the first day of the week is now observed as the Sabbath, and the seventh day is only an ordinary working day. Are the mil-. lions of Christians who observe the first day to have their devotions 'interrupted by a very few persons, perhaps not more than a score or so in a State, who claini that they have the right to do any kind of work and make as much noise as they please on that day ? (2.) We think not. The minority should follow the example of the pious Jews who observe both days, the seventh and the first, thus keeping their Sabbath and respecting the one observed by the ma-jority. (3.) Allison was not persecuted on account of his religious belief. He was punished because he violated a penal law of the State. Under the police powers of every commonwealth there are much severer statutes in relation to very small matters. Even under the municipal ordinances great hardships result when a man exercises natural and God-given rights in some cases where the law restrains him in the interests of the public. (4.) The Douglasville man should have observed his own Sabbath, and then he should have respected the Sabbath of his neighbors who are in accord with the overwhelming majority of the State and the nation and all Christian lands. For the sake of peace and order we cannot allow a few to bring anarchy into our system simply because they claim to be acting accord-ing to their religions convictions. Once give way to this plea, and we would then have no right to prohibit polygamy among the Mormons. In a republic the majority rule, and it would be a dangerous thing to admit the right of the minority to defy the laws under pretense of living up to their religion. If the Doug-lasville man wants to smash the Georgia Sabbath let him pay the penalty or go elsewhere. (1.) The fact that those who keep Sunday are overwhelming in the majority does not touch the question at all. Mr. Allison was not sentenced to the chain-gang " for dis-turbing anybody." This is the statement of Judge Janes himself:, The charge was " Sab-bath-breaking "and the State's witnesses tes-tified that they were not disturbed. Nobody's devotions were interrupted; nor do observers of the seventh day claim the right to inter- rupt the devotions of anybody upon any day. Moreover, there are ample laws upon the stat-ute books of Georgia, and of every other State, for the protection of religious worship upon any day. Special laws to prevent the interrup-tion of devotion on Sunday are not needed. The idea that private work, such as Mr. Alli-son was doing, could by any possibility inter-rupt anybody's devotions is absurd -and reveals the deliberate dishonesty of such a plea. (2.) And pray, why should the minority respect the day "observed by the majority"? There can be only one reason, namely, its sup-posed sacred character. And the expreSsion, "respecting the one e., the Sabbath] ob- served by the majority," is a confession that the purpose of the law is to guard the day and not the rights of the people. But what right has the State of Georgia to require any man to show any respect whatever to any religious institution? No more right than has Spain and other Boman Catholic countries to require all men to remove their hats in the street while a religious procession is passing. The constitution of Georgia says:Š Perfect freedom of religious sentiment shall be, and the same is hereby secured, and no inhabitant of this State shall ever be molested in person or property or prohibited from holding any public office or trust, on account of his religious opinion. It may be objected that this guarantees only freedom to believe, but not to practice. But that is to charge the framers of it with trifling and dishonesty. The principle which should govern in all such eases is thus stated by Hon. James G. Parks, a native of Georgia, and judge of the Seventeenth Judicial Circuit of Tennessee. Speaking of dissenters from the prevailing creed, Judge Parks said:Š If there were only one of them he would be entitled not only to his honest belief, but to the exercise of that belief, so long as in so doing he did not interfere with sonte natural right of his neighbors. This was said of Tennessee, but it is just as true of Georgia; and that it is just what the constitution of Georgia means is evident from the limiting words of the same section previ- ously quoted : " But the liberty of conscience hereby secured shall not be so construed as to excuse acts of licentiousness or justify prac-tices inconsistent with the peace or safety of the people." Here, again, the line is drawn just where Judge Parks raws it, namely, at the rights of. the people. It may be urged that the phrase, "acts of licentiousness" has nothing necessa-rily to do with the rights of others; but even were that granted, the defenders of the Georgia Sunday statute would have gained nothing, for by no possibility could it be made to ap-pear that plowing in one's own field oh Sunday was an act of licentiousness in any proper sense of the word; .for only the sacred charac-ter of the day could make it such, and with such matters the State of Georgia has of right nothing to do. Again, what right, either natural or consti- tutional, has the majority, however great, to require any man to yield up one-seventh of his time as a tribute to their religion? It is a principle of law that even the State has no power to take private property for public use without adequate compensatien. But what compensation does the State of Georgia give to J. Q. Allison, or to any other man, for the one 'day which it demands each week as a tribute to Sunday sacredness? None what-ever. (3.) It is not true that Mr. Allison " was persecuted because he violated a penal law of the State." He did violate a statute of the State, but not a law; for an unconstitutional statute is not law: and as we have seen,  the constitution of Georgia gives the legisla-ture no power to require of anybody anything contrary to conscience. Aside from "acts of licentiousness," and in all matters not trench-ing upon the equal rights of others, conscience is supreme according to the fundamental law of Georgia, and all so-called laws violative .of this principle are null and void, and the en-forcement .of them is only anarchy and tyr-anny; for "in a society, under the forms of which the stronger faction can readily unite and oppress the weaker, anarchy may as truly be said to reign as in a state of nature, when " the weaker individual is not secure against the violence of the stronger."' It is a fundamental principle of American government that natural rights are inalien-able, and yet the Atlanta Constitution sol-emnly publishes to the world the statement that " under the municipal ordinances great hardships result when a man exercises natural,  and God-given rights in some cases where the law restrains him in the interests of the public." Are we living in America in the closing de-cade of the nineteenth century, or are we still in the Dark Ages?. Have Washington, Jef-ferson and Madison lived in vain? They cer-tainly have if such principles as those ad-vocated by the Atlanta Constitution are to prevail. Thomas Jefferson said: " Our legislators are not sufficiently apprised of the rightful limits of their powers; that their true office is to de-clare and enforce only our natural rights and duties, and to take none of them from us."' And again: " The idea is quite unfounded that on entering into society we give up any natural right."' The government that restrains any man from the exercise of his natural rights, either for the supposed good of society or upon any other -pretext whatever, is a despot-ism, no matter by what name it may be called. (4.) Little remains to be said on this par-agraph. Only an intolerant bigot can read it and find himself in harmony with it. The cry of " anarchy " raised in it will certainly fail to alarm any considerate and liberal-Minded man. The anarchy most to be dreaded is the anarchy of despotic government, in which, under the forms of law, natural rights Łare denied and men sentenced to the chain-gang for exercising the soul-liberty given them by God and guaranteed to them by the Con-stitution. The cry of Mormonism and polygamy is a favorite one with the bigot who would justify himself in forcing his religion upon his neigh-bor; but the candid and thoughtful will not be deceived by it. Marriage is a civil rela-tion and involves duties and responsibilities which those who enter into it must not be permitted to shirk. For this reason and to preserve inviolable the contract rights of the parties and the rights of their offspring, the State properly regulates marriage and prohibits polygamy. With polygamy legalized any-where in the United States no woman would have any legal guarantee of the inviolability of her marital right, for any man who so de-sired might, by merely changing his residence, take other wives, and his first wife would have.  no redress. In no sense can the prohibition of plural marriages be shown to be parallel with the prohibition of Sunday labor, which in no wise interferes with the rest or devotion of others. The use of the Mormon argument shows plainly one of two things, either the absence of thought or the presence of intellectual dis-honesty. 2  Alexander Hamilton, Federalist M. 2  Works of Jefferson, Vol. 7, p. 3. a Id. ,THE Atlanta Constitution, of May 25, has an article in defense of the 'persecution of J, Q. Allison, by means of the Georgia Sunday law. ' TheConsiaution, attempts to make the fol-lowing points, -Which we have numbered for 