228 AMERICAN SENTINEL. eousness " must come; and the "Christian Citizenship" and kindred movements are the agencies by which it is to be brought in. The "gospel" of civic and political "righteousness" looks forward to the time when all the political offices will be filled by Christians, and righteous-ness be enforced by faithful men in all departments of the Government. It looks forward to an enthronement of Christ "on Capitol hill," the seat of national authority. It predicts that these things will be realized soon. But meanwhile it is forced to dwell upon the doleful realities which fill the field of vision in the place of its cherished dream. And these realities must continue, and become more and more doleful, as long as this "gospel" continues to be preached. For not only is there no power in it to make the world one whit better than it is, but as the Church descends into the arena of politics to work out this plan for regenerating society, she must open the door to that corruption which dwells in politics, and thus part with her own moral power to elevate Mankind. Politics is the congenial sphere of the hypocrite and the unscrupulous server of self; and when the Church incor-porates politics into her own sphereiof operation, she must take in the elements which are characteristic .of political life. By espousing political methods, she offers an inducement to ambitious self-servers to join them-selves to her in hypocritical union. She opens her doors to a flood of worldliness, and puts herself in the condition of a foundering ship at sea. While the Church herself is thus becoming, as the prophetic word has it, " the hold of every foul spirit, and the cage of every unclean and hateful bird" (Rev. 18 :2), it cannot but be that in the world itself, "evil men and seducers shall wax worse and worse, deceiving and being deceived." 2 Tim. 3 :13. The gospel of " civic righteousness" operates, by means of the ballot. If the ballot fails, the "righteous-ness" is lost. And what is more uncertain than the ballot? If at times something is accomplished/ by its agency in the direction of civic reform, the gain is certain to be but temporary. The powers of evil rally their forces, and the next election restores their lost suprem-acy. The people can be aroused at times to a spasmodic effort to "turn the rascals out" when corruption be-comes too rampant in public affairs; but "the people" are mainly occupied with their individual interests, and,  constitute but sleepy sentinels around the camp of the public weal. As political reformations do not reach the heart, they can at best but remove the symptoms of the malady from which the body politic suffers. But as the disease itself remains, seated in the carnal heart, the symptoms must quickly reappear, and the situation be-come as bad as before. The Church has a better gospel than all this to pro-claim to the multitudes around' her. She has that gospel which is "the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth,"Ša gospel that contemplates not merely a clean administration of public affairs but a clean heart in I he individual; not the establishment of a man-made  legal righteousness, but of ..the righteousness of Christ which is by faith; not "the enthronement of Christ on Capitol hill," and in the various seats of State and municipal government, but the reign of Christ on the throne of David in the glorious Capital of the earth made new; a gospel which operates not by the power of civil decrees, but by the power of love; which depends not upon the weak and uncertain agency of the ballot, but upon the word of Omnipotence; which comforts men not with an uncertain prospect of temporal good to come, but with that "love, joy, peace," which are the "fruits of the Spirit" now and here, in the life of every believer, and with the gift of eternal life through Jesus Christ. Why, oh why, will the Church turn from this glorious gospel, for which all the world is dying, to preach the weak and doleful gospel of "civic righteousness"? 0 0. Ł 4 -4 WOULD it not be well for the preachers, as they are about entering on the year's campaign against Sunday baseball, to hunt up the Scripture which states that Jesus Christ opposed Sunday games; or, if they think this proposition unfair, let them find the text which mentions that Christ invoked the aid of the civil authorities to compel men to observe the Sabbath. Do they not claim that Jesus Christ is their example? This is What the "Sentinel " Advocates. BY A. F. BALLENGER. THE SENTINEL is sometimes misunderstood. It is continually saying, "Not by might, nor by power, but by my Spirit, saith the Lord," is the Church able to make men better. The SENTINEL is constantly opposing all carnal methods of making men good. It pleads for "the law of the Spirit of life in Christ Jesus" in place of the law of a carnal commandment from a "Christian Citizenship" committee; the flesh and blood (the word) of the Son of God instead of the ice cream and oyster soup of the church supper; "present truth" preaching instead of pro-gressive eucher parties; power from on high instead of power from the primaries; Pentecost instead of politics. This loyalty to apostolic methods and means is now de-clared by some to be opposition to Christianity. The following bit of experience told by Rev. Geo. C. Needham, in the Golden Rule, of April 1, brings to view the fruits of the power which the SENTINEL pleads with the Church to employ in the place of all human schemes for saving men:Š "During one of my evangelistic tours in Ireland I had a very unusual experience. The place of appoint ment was in an Orange lodge twelve miles from the railroad station. After the long drive in a jaunting-car I found myself physically and mentally disabled. I was 