AMERICAN SENTINEL. 747 state, it should assume the attitude of the parent on great questions like keeping the Sabbath and abolishing the liquor traffic. "The first speaker at the evening session was the Rev. H. H. George, of New York, whose topic was 'The Nation and Religion.' He began by defining the concep-tion of 'nation,' and went on to say that the issue before every nation was whether it should be organized with God or without God. A. government must be either re-religious or without religion, and the trouble with our Government was that, while it acknowledged a good many religious rights, it did not recognize God. The principle of our Government was the principle of secular-ism, yet we are rushing toward Niagara Falls, and will be engulfed if we do not take care. It is usual to sup-pose that ours is a Government of the people, but it is, the speaker continued, none the less a fact that the peo-ple cannot be a source of moral authority. God gave the moral authority of government, and it is the people who distribute that authority. There is no truth in the saying that our Government derives its power from the `consent of the governed,' and we shall never get:right in our affairs until we acknowledge the mistake we have made. (Italics ours.) "The speaker went on to deny the correctness of the secular theory of government. He held that we could not carry on any of the functions of government with-out religion; hence the inconsistency of excluding God from the Constitution. (Italics ours.) "The Rev. Scott F. Hershey, pastor of the First Presbyterian Church, Columbus Ave., repeated, for the benefit of the convention, some of the statements he had before made to his congregation regarding Utah and the Mormons. He then considered the case of Roberts, and denounced Mormonism, of which, he said, polygamy was the storm center as 'the worst of our political her-esies.' "The last address was on 'The Nation and the Sun-day Newspaper,' by the Rev. William T. McElveen, pas-tor of the Shawmut Congregational Church. He dwelt on the extent to which the Sunday paper increased the amount of labor which had to be done on the Sabbath, and compared the Sunday newspaper devotee to the `prodigal who was glad to feed on the husks which the swine did eat.'" American Principles Not Out of Date. Ex SENATOR George F. Edmunds, speaking recently of what Congress should do, in adjusting matters in the Philippine Islands, thus bringing the war in that coun-try to an end, gave utterance to the following timely words:Š "I think the short question for the Congress and people of the United States is whether the principles upon which our Government was founded, and the prin-ciples upon which three-fourths of a century ago we rec-ognized and assisted in setting up the Central and South American republics, are still true ones and ought to be followed. I think it a mistake to suppose that these principles and policies are out of date. "If the right of self-government were tested by the  highest standards,it would be difficult to maintain that even the People of the United States were capable of it, for we all know that in many instances our own self-government goes wrong and does not defend equality and execute justice among men. But no such standard can be applied in this age, as it never has been. "A standard must be practical, and it does not fol-low that a people is incapable of self-government because sometimes, and possibly often, it fails to accomplish the ends for which it was established. "If the Filipinos, therefore, are willing, upon the conditions I have suggested, to have peace and behelped to try their experiment of self-government, and be as-sisted and protected in doing so, I think Congress ought to make provision to that end. "The enormous difficulties in continuing them as mere subjects of the United States, or in a condition of territorial citizenship seem to me to make it the plain duty of Congress to try the means I have suggested of letting them try to govern themselves. "If this can be accomplished, which only can be known when the effort is made, there will be saved thou-sands of lives of our soldiers and sailors and millions upon millions of expenditure from our Treasury indefi-nitely prolonged, while every material interest of the United States in respect to trade and commerce and the advancement of civilization will be maintained." T. E. BOWEN. Rome, N. Y. Resolutions of the Secular Union Congress. THE twenty-third annual congress of the American Secular Union and Freethought Federation, recently held in this city, gave considerable attention to indica-tions pointing to church-and-stateunionin this country. All but two of the resolutions adopted by the congress touch' upon this subject. Omitting these two, the reso-lutions read :Š " Believing that the greatest evil in our land is the unconstitutional union of church and state, we hereby reaffirm as our political principles The Nine Demands of Liberalism; and " WHEREAS, Certain of the practises of the various States and of the national Government are contrary to these avowed principles; thereforeŠ "Resolved, That the urgent necessity of the Union and Federation is to take some practical steps towards enforcing these demands,' and resisting further en-croachments of the National Reform Association, other-wise known as the God-in-the-Constitution party. "Resolved, That the duty of all Freethinkers in the State and national elections is to ascertain the views of the various candidates upon these Demands and to use their influence in securing the nomination of those most in sympathy with our principles and purposes, and, afterwards, to support only such at the polls; and we recommend that Liberals in all localities pledge them-selves to vote for those who will work for and carry out these Demands after their election. "Resolved, That the three most important Demands at the present time are those dealing with the Bible in 