708 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. And as to the question whether the American Government will uphold these" rights " of the church in those countries, it is to be noted that the Pope said to Archbishop freland in a recent interview: " We are well pleased with the relations of the American Government to the church in Cuba and the Philippine Islands. The American Government gives proof of good will, and exhibits in its acts a spirit of justice and of respect for the liberty and rights of the church. The reports we receive from bishops and others indicate this. * * * Under the American Government there will be due respect for rights of property and of conscience. "You will thank in my name the President of the Republic for what is being done." s. A SUNDAY BILL IN ARGENTINA. A SUNDAY-REST bill has been introduced in the legislature of the province of Santa Fe, Argentina, South America, which contains the following pro-visions: "ARTICLE I. The legal working day in the province shall not exceed a maximum of twelve hours, Sunday being excluded. [" This sentence," says our correspondent, " is quite blind in the Spanish. I suppose it means that on Sunday no amount of work shall be done."] "ART. 2. The townships or, in their stead, the executive power, are authorized to arrange the de-tails of this precept and to enforce it, making the Sunday rest effective, as also the resting hours in the summer months." [The resting hours are from II A. M. to 2 or 3 P. M, Some townships enforced them last summer during the excessive heat.] For a copy of this bill we are indebted to Mr. John Vuilleumier, a Protestant missionary now in Argentina, who sends us also some extracts from a speech made in favor of the bill by its author, Senor Ramon Lucero. It is interesting to note the ground taken in support of Sunday legislation in this Cath-olic country of South America, the ,province in question being, we are informed, a stronghold of the Jesuits. The senor said: " Rest is a physical and moral necessity; where it is not granted, it must be enforced; where it is not used as a privilege, it must be enforced as 'a coercive measure; human solidarity commands us to defend the weak not only,  against the strong but also against themselves. * * * ",Thus is explained the fact that from the most remote times, we find rest established in the legis- lation of all civilized nations, either as a religious duty or, more generally, as a favor granted to slaves who in this way had a day of rest each week. [He here quoted Plato.] "This precept is also practised in modern civili-zation, and it is noted that the most active, prosper-ous and free nations are those precisely who keep Sunday most strictly ,and who devote a larger part of this day to rest and sport. [Italics ours.] " Nothing is so impressive as the spectacle pre-sented on this clay by the English people and the people of the United States. Nobody works; in-dustry and, commerce close their doors; theatres and concerts are empty; museums, and even international expositions, remain closed, while railroads stop their march." The senor quoted from a speech by Macaulay in a debate in the House of Commons where an im-mense majority rejected a motion to open the museums on Sundays. Also, from Gladstone, to whom he attributed the statement that " it is neces-sary to secure for the people by all available means the benefits of a day of rest." He said further: " In the North American Union, the mother of our own institutions, this matter has always been so considered. During the Revolutionary War, Wash-ington gave his army the following order: In the future, the general leaves the troops free from duty on each and every Sunday, so that they may attend to religious duties and take some rest.' "Lincoln, while President, gave the army the following order on the, 15th of November, 1862: "The President, commander-in-chief of the armies of sea and land, would recommend to the officers, soldiers and marines under the flag, the observance of Sunday. Should we desecrate this day and the name of the Almighty, we might endanger the dis-cipline and the reputation of our armies and jeop-ardize the° cause which they defend.' "And finally, a law of the North American Con-gress says: The sanctification of Sunday is an in-stitution .of public interest, a special means of honoring, in the house and church of God, the Creator and Providence of the Universe.' As a con-sequence, it is prohibited under fine to open gro-ceries on that day or to attend any concert, ball, or theatre." The author of the bill then talked of " rest as a physical and moral necessity," and claimed that the legislature has power to legislate in matters of " hy-giene, public health, and public order." In his quotations and statements relating to the United States the senor draws heavily on his imagi-nation, as in general speakers in behalf of Sunday 