AMERICAN SENTINEL. 165 The " Religious Significance of the Inauguration." THE Sunday evening following the inauguration at Washington, D. C., the pastor of, the Metropolitan M. E. Church, of that city, delivered a sermon on the "religious significance" of the event. This church is one of the largest in the city, and was attended by the President at the morning service of the same day. For his text the speaker read from 2 Kings 11:12, "And they clapped their hands and said, God save the king;" also from Rom. 13:11, "The powers that be are ordained of God." Among other things he said:Š "We are a Christian nation. There is a secular theory of civil government. We have a little band of vociferous secularists and infidels, who have succeeded in giving the public an aburdly exaggerated sense of their numbers and importance, who would de Christianize the State, who would have judicial oaths, prayers in our legislative assemblies, and Sunday laws abolished; in short, all the Christian elements of our national life. They would de-stroy our national inheritance and are no more patriots than they are Christians. They deal their deadly blows not merely at revealed religion, but at human liberty and progress. "The Christian religion is the foundation of all law and all literature, and to be hostile to the Christian religion is to be hostile to the Government in which we dwell. " The Constitution provides that Congress shall make no law regulating the establishment of religion or pro-hibiting the free exercise thereof ; and that no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification for any office of public trust. These simply secure religious freedom and separation of the Church from the State. They are as a bill of rights, guaranteeing to all the churches full liberty, and forbidding Congress ever to abridge that lib-erty. It is not a union of Church and State, but the union of Christianity and the State. A free church in a free country ; each independent of the other; each fulfill. ing different functions, yet cooperating together to in-crease the reverence for law and increase the stability of the Government. The recognized religion of this land is not the Episcopalian Christianity, the Presbyterian, Roman Catholic or Methodist Christianity, but the Chris-tianity common to all,Ša common religion, a universal Christianity." This paragraph calls for some comment. Let it be noted that there is a vast difference between church free-dom and individual freedom. When the papal church enjoyed the greatest freedom, during the dark ages of her supremacy, individual freedom was at its lowest ebb. Church freedom that is not compatible with the fullest individual freedom, is nothing else than despotism. It is individual freedom that the people want. It is this that should be secured to them by the Constitu-tion. And it is just this freedom that is always invaded by a union of ChristianityŠso-calledŠwith the State. That union may leave the churches free enough, especially if they prove to be the dominant power under the arrange-mentŠbut it invades, individual freedom by combining  with religion a power which pays no respect to individual option. The State does not persuade; it commands and enforces; and when it is united with "Christianity," it is to command and enforce "Christianity" in so far as the union extends. But it is the divinely-ordained preroga-tive of every individual to exercise perfect freedom of choice in religion. The State says, You must. Christian-ity says, "Whosoever will, let him come." Hence there can never be union of real Christianity with the State. Of course there is no such thing as "Episcopalian Christianity," or "Roman Catholic Christianity," or "Methodist Christianity." There is but one kind of Christianity in the worldŠone way of being like Christ. And for this reason a union of all denominations, or of the leading onesŠwith the State cannot possibly be a union of Christianity with the State. The speaker said further:Š "The recent unanimous decision of the Supreme Court is that this is a Christian nation, destroying as a prece-dent the famous Tripoli treaty in which the Mohamme-dan power was assured that the United States was not a Christian nation. The Christian is supported in inde-pendent but friendly relations with the civil power. Our Christian life and churches have moved forward most rapidly. The increase in church membership from 1890 to 1895 was over four million. The increase of popula-tion falls far below the rate of church progress. The church has steadily and rapidly gained upon the popula-tion. " Shall we surrender our Government to secular con-control? That would be treason to liberty; that would be the betrayal of the sacred trust we hold for our chil-dren; as well as disloyalty to God, and this blessed Book, which is the Magna Charter of human rights and happiness. " We have evidence of the Christian character of the nation in the inaugural addresses of the Presidents. . . This last inaugural has been most impressive. Listen to the opening words of the President:Š 'In obedience to the will of the people, and in their presence, by the authority vested in me by this oath, I as-sume the arduous and responsible duties of President of the United States, relying on the support of my country-men, and invoking the guidance of Almighty God. Our faith teaches that there is rio safer reliance than upon the God of our fathers, who has so singularly favored the American people in every national trial, and who will not forsake us so long as we obey his commandments and walk humbly in His footsteps.' "This brings us to the religious significance of this ceremony. This ceremonial can be regarded in no other light than a mutual covenant. The oath of the Presi-dent to serve the nation carrieS with it the unspoken vows of the people, to yield obedience to the laws, to support and defend the Constitution, and to invoke the same divine favor and help. The President must realize the sacredness of his office. If the powers that be are or-dained of God, then surely the head of a great nation stands very near the holiest ministers of religion." We are reminded by this of another occasion when some vows were made by a "Christian nation" of 