352 THE A.MERICAN SENTINEL. VoL. 5, No. 44. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 6, 1890. NOTE.ŠAnyone receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL ivithout having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send outno papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore,' those who have not ordered the &mutat, need have no fears that they will be asked to pky for it simply because they take it from the nost-offIce. THE Spokane Falls Review, in speaking of W. F. Crafts and his lecture, says, "The best way to answer such sophists is to let them alone. Notoriety is what such men court." THE Seattle Secularists have sent a re-monstrance to the mayor against a pro-posed ordinance fining barbers for Sunday work. Such a law, they hold, would "rel-egate honest work to the realm of crime." And that is just what all Sunday laws do ; they make to be a crime on one day that which is commendable upon all other days. WE publish this week. the sermon of Rev. Mr. Utter, of Chicago, on " The Sun-day-Sabbath and the World's Fair." This we do, more to show the division which exists among Sunday observers upon this question, tlaan because we fully agree with the scheme which he proposes. We see no reason why the Fair should be made a monster exhibition of the religions of the world. Indeed, it is not clear to us that Mr. Utter's plan does not embody features quite as objectionable as those involved in Sunday-closing. OF the paternal tendency of the times the Colorado Graphic says :Š Now enforce the eight-hour law in all industriesŠfor none can be omitted, to reach final resultsŠat ten-hour wages; close all places of business at 6 o'clock P. M., and close gateways, doors, and shut-ters to every business and every amusement and recreation on Sunday except walking, or riding in one's private carriage, and you will establish an aristocracy with an emphatic stop which Would startle the most stupid into a realization of the fact that the middle of the.street is the best side of the highway when fanaticism is abroad. And there never was a time in the his-tory of this country when fanaticism was so general and pronounced as now. THE Christian Advocate, of this city, objects to political meetings on. Sunday. It says :Š Political meetings in churches, with bands, stir-ring music and applause " that makes the old church ring," are not good meetings for Sabbaths, no mat-ter what the cause is. The great foes of the Ameri-can Sabbath in settled communities are excursions, Sunday newspapers, Sunday camp-meetings with open gates, political meetings, comic lectures underŁ . the guise of sermons, and concerts profanely called sacred. This illaieatOS very clearly the drift of the Sunday-law movement. Where they have no Sunday law , such laws are de-manded, professedly, in order to give the workingman a day of rest. Where such laws already exist the demand is that they be so amended as to forbid everything on Sunday not recognized by the churches as religious. THE Baptist Ministers' Conference closed at Lockport, New York, on the 29th ult., with a direct blow at the effort of certain misguided religionists to create a public sentiment in favor of introducing religious instruction into the public schools of the State, by refusing to co-operate in this at-tempt, and holding that it would tend to the establishment of schools at State ex-pense, in which would be taught the prin-ciples of many creeds. If the State may direct religion in schools, the Conference holds, it can in churches. MR. CRAFTS says: " In other countries, where Church and State are mixed, and in our own country in other days, the ground of Sunday laws has been not always clearly perceived; but in recent years legislation on this subject has been based, not on God's will, but on the gen-eral welfare." It is true that within the last few years an effort has been made to keep in the background the real, reason for demanding Sunday laws, but that the effort has not been eminently successful is shown by every discourse which Mr. Crafts gives. His declaration, " Take the religion out and you take the rest out," upsets all his fine spun theories about the civil basis of Sunday legislation. AT the Indian Conference at Lake Mo-honk, N. Y., October 10, Dr. James M. King, of New York, Secretary of the Na-tional League for the Protection of Amer-ican Liberties, spoke earnestly against the granting of appropriations to religious de-nominations for public educational work. General Armstrong argued that there is no better way than to give aid to the con-tract schools. Bishop Whipple said that the influence of the contract schools had been to uplift the whole character of the Government schools. The position of Bishop Whipple was sustained by General Howard, of Chicago, Rev. Mr. Mitchell, of the Presbyterian Board of Missions, and others. A speedy separation of Church and State in the matter of Indian educa-tion was advocated by Rev. Dr. Foster, of Boston, and very strongly by Dr. Lyman Abbott. THE ministers of Omaha have declared themselves opposed to funerals on Sunday. Upon this fact the Investigator, Atlantic, Iowa, remarks as follows :Š These ministers doubtless think if a man is so heedless as to die upon Friday or Saturday, he must wait until Monday for interment " with the benefit of clergy." What right has a man to depart this  life at such time that his burial must take place on the day of rest ? Why shall he not go on Monday or Tuesday, and thus save all danger of offending the pulpit by his being entombed on the Sabbath ? He who would thus break in upon the rest of the preachers and deacons, deserves not to die at all. If he may do this with impunity, this day will soon be "secularized," and turned into one of wholesale interment. It behooves the friends of the Sabbath to rise up as one man in opposition to the reprehen-sible custom among people, of dying when they are ready. But, seriously, cannot the Omaha gen-tlemen of the cloth find evils more deserving of their attention than this one ? Well, "seriously," it seems not; for the mint, anise and cummin are receiv-ing the lion's share of attention, while the weightier matters of the law, judg- ment, mercy, and faith, are neglected. And this is true in more places than Omaha. Ł  A DECISION has been rendered lately by the Supreme Court of the State of Indiana, which holds that the carrying of passen-gers to and from a picnic on Sunday is unlawful. As, by this decision, the highest ju-dicial authority of the State has declared, in effect, all labor, other than works of necessity and mercy, to be illegal on Sun-day, therefore, according to the National Reform doctrine, the Hoosier State has become a Christian commonwealth and has instituted a local millennium. The eyes of the world will now be turned upon this favored State. Henry George will hasten to become a citizen where every man will sit under his own vine and fig tree with no tariff bill to molest or make him afraid ; and Edward Bellamy will pack up his fountain pen and case of pen-cils, and immediately betake himself to the land where religious nationalism is ushering in the age so aptly termed, " Looking Backward." " SIBERIA and the Nihilists," consisting of an able lecture by Hon. William Jackson Armstrong, late Inspector General of United States Consulates, and some ex-ceedingly interesting correspondence be-tween Mr. Armstrong and George Kennan, is one of the most intensely interesting books which has ever found its way to our table. Everybody should read this book because no one can be intelligent upon the subject of which it treats without a familiarity with its contents. Twenty-five cents, Pacific Press, Oakland Cal., and 43 Bond St., New York. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the  United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1.00 In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, . . 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid. . 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York, 