AMERICAN SENTINEL. 677 but a Christian Temperance Union, in name at least, and that its methods and spirit should be Christlike? This warning has been repeated from without, many times; now that it comes from within, at the hands -of one whose devotion to Christian work cannot be disputed, its effect upon the minds of the more careful and con-servative in the organization ought to be apparent in checking the growing tendency on the part of so many of its members toward religious legislation and the spirit of the Inquisition. PersecutionŠPast and Prospective. BY M. E. KELLOGG. THE persecutions of past ages were the result of the desire of the priests of the dominant church, as they con-ceived it, to improve the condition of the people. The system of reasoning by which they justified such a course was very simple. The church had come, or thought it had, to the perfection of light and knowledge both as regards this world and the world to come. The church conceived itself to be the divinely appointed teacher of the world. Whatever it thought was best to be done, should be done; and objectors, for the good of the state and community, and for their own good, too, should be compelled, if need be, to do what the church held to be right. To those resting upon this self-satisfactory basis, all arguments in regard to personal accountability to God and of individual rights in religious matters had no effect. They appealed to infallible authority,Što the Scriptures, which speak of evil doers being rooted out from the earth, and they regarded themselves as the appointed agents of the Most High to carry out the decrees of the divine will. Thus religious zeal became synonymous with human cru-elty. The cruelest deeds and the most pious phrases went hand in hand; prayer and murder became boon companions. Persecuting heathenism was barely a thing of the past, when its place was taken by what passed for the church of Jesus Christ ; all freedom of thought was re-pressed; and if a Savonarola saw a purer faith, or a Galileo discovered a new scientific truth, the advocating of it could only be done at the price of life. This was in the days when one churchŠone vast sys-tem of religionŠheld all states and almost all people in bondage, making the acceptance of its dogmas, either willingly or by constraint, the price of every earthly bless-ing, and even of life itself. The'physical agonies endured by the martyrs to civil and religious liberty in those dark centuries have occupied the thoughts, engaged the pen, and aroused the sympathies of the philosophers and philanthropists of modern times; but who can picture the mental agony, the conflict of mind, when abject submis- sion and credulous faith, with safety, were opposed by some illuminations of the Holy Spirit, or flashes of  reason, leading into paths dangerous to tread ! How many human souls went through life groping in thick darkness, trembling before creed and dogma, until the man created in the image of Goi, was made, by what claimed to be the church of God, but a lump of clay, with-out thought, inert, doubting the sincerity of his own faith, fearing the results of his own unbelief, trembling between hope and fear,Šhow many such lives those ages afforded, nothing but the recording angel's pen can reveal. That deadly spell was partially broken in the six-teenth century. Men were no longer content to doubt and suffer in silence; they arose and in a new-born strength begotten of God, who in his time bursts the captive's yoke, proclaimed soul liberty. The spirit of lib-erty pervaded all nations. It crossed the ocean, and in the wilds of the American wilderness built a state, whose national motto, "A new order of things," suggested free-dom from both civil and ecclesiastical tyranny. For a time liberty became the watchword of the world; kings pretended to embrace it or fell before it; popes were taken prisoner or fled from their capital as fugitives,Šand liberty everywhere seemed like a triumphant con-queror. But again a change has come. Liberty is like the sea, which has its ebbing and its flowing time; its spring floods and neap tides. Men still rave of liberty, philoso-phers describe her flowing robes, poets sing her praises, the statesman descants upon her in the legislative halls, and the church holds her as an ideal; but her face is turned from us. She is a beautiful, but a fading dream. How else can we account for thefact that in Europe kings are becoming more supreme and constitutions are little regarded; that the war lord has become greater than the statesman; that the papacy is tightening her grip on Spain and Austria; that she is slowly but steadily re-gaining her lost ground in Germany, France, Italy, and England; that the cries of suffering peoples in two hemis-pheres, who are struggling for liberty, are smothered by moneyed interests; and that in our own favored land, where liberty once fled to find the refuge denied to her in the Old World, the churches, which form the greatest motive power in all affairs, are deliberately planning to enact laws directly aimed at personal liberty in those things which relate to man in his individual relations to God? The churches declare their intention of uniting so that they can be one church under one head, and so gain the control of the nation and dictate its laws. The Christian Statesman, in a recent issue, compares the lead-ing Protestant churches to the fingers of a man's hand, but as the open hand does not bring the churches' desire, it says, "What is needed is the compacting of fingers and thumb into a solid fist wielded by the controlling pur-pose of a single brain, and then something will drop, and drop hard." What does this plan outline but a new papacy? Surely something will then drop, and that something will 