340 AMERICAN SENTINEL. fog, so that it was not an easy process to arrive rapidly at a conclusion in such a manner as to keep everything "straight on the minutes." In this, as in every later discussion, we had all phases of temperament and belief to deal with. There were among us "friends" who objected to the "war footing" upon which we had put the boy in the uniform, and while there was not a dissenting voice concerning the proposed line of work, while this was recognized as the strategic point in the battle with the liquor traffic, yet there were many minds as to methods. One sweet-faced "Friend" from Philadelphia, at last, however, practically settled the question by saying:Š "Mrs. President" (Mrs. Annie Wittenmyer, of Penn., had been called to that office) "I have been on principle opposed to anything which savored of militiaism, but as this discussion has progressed I have thought that truly the 'Lord he is a man of war,' and if it will hasten the de-struction of King Alcohol to equip the boys of the nation after this fashion, and drill them in the use of a wooden gun, making this the means of holding their attention to the truth as it is in the Word of God, I am ready to vote `aye' and go home and help to raise and equip a regiment of Philadelphia boys." There was a perfect storm of applause at this conces-sion; the question was called; the vote taken; and the Cold Water Army was a recognized department of the W. C. T. U., and Miss Julia Coleman, of New York, was appointed to prepare for us a text book on alcohol to accompany our Bible temperance lessons. The work of organizing the children began at once in nearly every state, and went forward with the energy of a forlorn hope; for the more we tried to "evangelize the masses" the more we saw of the desperate need of pre_ venting the formation of such a vicious, sensual appetite as that for strong drink. The next May, I think it was, I made my first visit to Evanston, called by Miss Willard, for the purpose of or-ganizing an army among the children in whom she was especially interested. I was entertained at what was af-terwards named, and has come to be known all over the world as "Rest Cottage," with her as my hostess; and I have a pathetic pleasure in remembering that we sat and talked in the evenings on the very spot which she occu-pied during the little time that she lay in her last sleep under her own roof that day before she was taken to her final resting place. If I were writing my own experience I should have a thrilling one to tell of this meeting at Evanston; an expe-rience like that of a bird whose wings had never been dis-covered, but who, suddenly conscious that it must fly or die, unconsciously spreads a pair of pinions, strong and instinctive with power, and sails away to its own amaze-ment and delight; if not to that of those who ai e look-ing on. A BAPTIST minister in the West, Rev. Stephen North-rop, is quoted in the Kansas City Journal as having said in a recent sermon that "the men who have achieved  glory on fields of battle have all been followers of the Master." When clergymen indulge in such "patriotic" nonsense they invite people to believe that the doctrines of the religion which they profess are only about as near the truth as the idea that Hannibal, Julius Cwsar, Alex-ander the Great, and Napoleon, were all faithful Chris-tians. Rev. John Leland on the Congressional Sunday Mail Report. REV. JOHN LELAND was a Massachusetts clergyman who had passed the greater part of his life before the dawn of the first day of the nineteenth century. He was a college mate and close friend of Thomas Jefferson, and this fact lends interest to his presentation upon the sub- ject here considered. Upon the occasion of President Jackson's message to Congress, shortly after the Con- gressional Sunday Mail Report, written by Col. Richard M. Johnson, Mr. Leland addressed to Col. Johnson the clear and forcible arguments in support of the latter's position which are given following. It is much to be re-gretted that clergymen of our own day do not see with equal clearness the importance of maintaining separation between religion and the state. We give Mr. Leland's communication just as it ap-pears in a clipping from a New York daily bearing the date of the year 1830, which reprints it from the Wash-ington Telegraph. We are indebted for the clipping to Mr. F. B. Reed, of Lakeville, Conn. Mr. Leland's letter is dated "Chesire, Mass., Jan. 3, 1830." As printed it reads:Š "Rev. John Leland, to Col. R. M. Johnson, on the Mes-sage of the President, and Transportation of the Mail. "The Message of the President proves that he is as wise to rule in times of peace, as he is brave to fight in times of war. It embraces the whole ground. Our rela-tions with European powers, the Barbary States, and Indian tribes, are clearly stated. The rights of the peo-ple, the integrity of the authority of the States, and the specific powers of the General Government, he delineates with the hand of a master. Where he believes the Con-stitution can be amended, for the better, he recommends an amendment, and gives his reasons why. And where he judges the laws are deficient to check frauds, or too obscure to be well understood, he advises a new enact-ment. A giant genius, tempered with a conciliate spirit, runs through the whole of it; and a conviction fastens on the minds of those who read it, that his words flowed from his heart. His friends, who feared he would be deficient in the Cabinet, have their fears turned into ad-miration; and his enemies, who have vilified him, must stop their mouths, and own that it is a message of wise measures and necessary business. The document reminds us of the ancient sages who had knowledge of the times and knew what Israel ought to do. "Our relation with foreign powersŠintercourse with the Indian tribes and internal regulations, cannot be de-veloped with a word, no not with a thousand; hence the message is lengthy, but not superfluous. Long as it is, I wish it contained another solemn warning to Congress, to 