THE, SENTINEI., 033  yond this life? So I sought the facts, and found that hall, listening to that protest and request from the he was a Boston boy who, in the ante-bellum days, mayor and city council, of Boston, was a young man having weak lungs, went to live in Maryland to es- till then unknown. He had just graduated from cape the severe winters of the North. He found a college. He was talented, educated, refilled, and poor colored man, a slave, struggling for that liberty cultured. His soul was full of noble purposes and which was hiss by divine right. He assisted him to lofty, holy, ambitions. He was just looking around liberty, and for so doing was cast into jail. He was to find a life work worthy of him and of his lVfaster. kept there until his health failed and he was about to As he, heard that protest of the mayor, and knew die of tuberculosis. His, parents and friends in the the 'truth of this murder in Illinois, his soul was North made every effort to secure his release. They stirred within him. He reflected that here was a said: " If he has done wrong he has already suffered truth that was being crucified as had been Ills Master, enough for it; let him come home and die with his a truth in the success or failure of which was wrapped loved 'ones; he is only a'boy." But the governor of up the destiny of a race. He said in his heart, Maryland said," No, let him die in jail." So there he " Here is a work worthy of the consecration of my died, and the' fact was recorded on his tombstone, life." He arose to speak, and so that night the peo-not as a disgrace, but as an honor: No such life is pie heard for the first time the wonderful eloquence wasted if the purpose was sincere and honest. God of Wendell Phillips; the " silver-tongued orator" of makes the death more potent than the life, could abolition. Who says now that Lovejoy died in vain have been to bring about the triumph of truth and when his death secured the consecration of such, a right. life to so holy a cause? The world well knows now The " Abolition " Truth. how well and nobly Wendell Phillips gave his life to In those old days when the " abolition " truth was that cause. At first he was persecuted and hooted persecuted and crucified, a young minister of the at and rotten-egged whenever he attempted to speak, gospel left the State of Maine and went to Illinois, and then the world listened, and finally the truth toy  securing a charge there in nne of the growing towns. which he had given his life was triumphant, and He had somehow been trained that it is the duty of through a terrible baptism of blood the slaves were the minister of Christ to speak the plain truth, and freed. to cry out against oppression and wrong sanctioned When Phillips died his body lay in state in Fan- by the church. So he spoke of the terrible wrong of euil Hall for days, and multitudes thronged 'to dO slavery, and presented the truth that all men by ,honor even to the lifeless clay of the fallen hero. divine right should he free. He was waited on by a, Such is the- way of the world 'to crucify the dawning'  committee who told him that if he presisted in say- truth of its own age, and at the same time glorify ing such things he would surely be killed, and they the now triumphant truth of the age, before. Yet, besought him, for his life's sake, to be silent. The grand as Phillips alwayswas,he was never so noble'  noble answer of Lovejoy, for this was his name, was, and heroic as when, in the early days, he was giving " I can die, but I can not refuse to speak the truth his life for the crucified truth. The world ,needs for my Master." So, as 'he continued to speak the men to-day who dare to consecrate their lives to the truth, one night they murdered him, and he was crucified truth. God grant these simple but truth-buried in an unmarked grave on' the silent hillside ful words may be an inspiration to such lives, teach-above the town. The unbeliever may say, " Another ing them that no such sacrifice is ever in vain. wasted life. What had he accomplished? Who had G. E. FIFIELD. believed on him?" But wait. When the news of his murder and dishonorable burial reached Boston What 'shall it profit a republic to gain the whole the citizens of Boston assembled in Faneuil Hall to world and lose its devotion to liberty and justice enter their protest against such crimes and such fof all men in all climes?ŠFarm, Stock and. Home. methods of silencing the voice of truth. The mayor of Boston sent a protest against that meeting, and requested that they quietly disperse, saying that it THE true patriot is the man who loves his fellow- would not do to hold such a meeting as that even in men and does by others as he would-  have"others do -Boston, for, it might lead to mob violence. In that by him. 