316 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. these men can even see sacredness in the fact that this day was dedicated by the heathen to their highest deity and named after their chief god. Then the object of all this agitation on the subject of Sun-day laws and Sunday closing is not to secure rest merely for the laboring man as they would have us believe, but to se-cure the compulsory religious observance of Sunday. " Consistency, thou art a jewel." ALLEN MOON. Sectarianism in the Schools. IF there is anything which is unseemly to fight over it is the Bible, and if there is anything which it is unwise to fight about it is the Bible in public schools. Our readers know that our position has always been that the public schools shall be absolutely unsectarian; that religion should not be taught in the public schools; that God gave the business of teaching religion to the Church, and not to the State, but that the State has the privilege and the duty of giving intellectual and moral instruction. Our readers will also remember a long series of articles written by the late Dr. Samuel T. Spear, fully expounding and supporting this position of the Independent. An unseemly quarrel over this matter has lately occurred in Reading, Pennsylvania. A member of the School Board made the charge that one of the teachers, Miss Maggie O'Rourke, was using the Douay Version of the Bible in. her school, and a committee was ap-pointed to investigate the charge. She stated to the committee that such was the fact, and that she read the Scriptures from this version without note or com-ment. The Board thereupon acquitted her of the charge of having violated any of its rules. But the Board then voted to purchase twelve copies of the King James Version of the Bible and distribute them through the schools, and required that the teachers should read only from those copies. It is now ordered, we understand, that none but Protestant Bibles shall be used in the schools of Reading. That we have not misstated the facts, the following statement made to us by Samuel A. Baer, City Superintendent of Schools, will prove :Š The facts in regard to the Bible question in our schools is as follows: One of the rules of the Board requires that at the opening each morning the teacher shall read a por-tion of the Bible of at least ten verses. At least one of the dozen Catholic teachers in the employ of the Board used her own, viz., the Catholic Bible. The matter was finally brought before the Board, and a committee of investigation appointed. The facts were found as stated, but the teacher claimed she violated no rule of the Board, inasmuch as it was not specified which Bible should be read. This position was sustained in a manner, but a resolu-tion was passed in the form of an amendment to this report, that hereafter teachers shall read only such Bibles as are furnished by the Board. The Board, of course, supplies only the Protestant Bible. There is no question that this is making public schools sectarian, and that it is unjust and contrary to the principles of our Government, which allows of no es-tablishment of religion. The only con-sistent and the only truly Christian way is to give religion to the care of the Church, and let the State take care of secular matters.ŠN. Y. Independent, Oc-tober 1. Religious Intolerance To-day. Ł THE decision recently handed down by Judge Hammond, of the United States District Court, in the celebrated case of R. M. King, is rich in lessons of vital importance to thoughtful minds at the present time of unrest, when conservatism is seeking on every hand, even under the cloak of radical movements, to secure statutes and legal constructions of laws which may at an early day be used to fetter thought, crush liberty, and throttle the vanguard of progress. Briefly stated, the important facts in the case in question are as follows : Mr. King is an honest, hard-working farmer. He is charged with no breach of morals; in fact, it appears that he is a remarkably upright man. But he a Seventh-day Adventist.; that is, he does not hold the same religious views as the majority in his State. He stands in the same relation to his country-men as that occupied by the early disciples of Christ to Roman society when Nero undertook to punish Christians by kin-dling nightly human fires for the delecta-tion of conservative or majority thought. He is of the minority, even as the Hugue-nots were in the minority when the Church tortured, racked, and burned them for the glory of God and the good of human-ity. He is of the minority, as was Roger Williams when, in 1635, the popular and conventional thought of Salem banished him. Mr. King is not an infidel or even a doubter. On the contrary, he is ardently religious, being a zealous and conscien-tious member of a sect of Christians noted for their piety and faith. The Advent-ists, of whom he is an honored member, it must be remembered, hold somewhat peculiar views about the second advent of Christ. They believe they find in the Bible commands making it obligatory upon them to keep holy the seventh day of the week, or the Hebrew Sabbath, in-stead of Sunday, the holiday and rest-day observed by most Christian denomina-tions. Now, it was shown in the trial that, conforming to his belief, Mr. King strictly observed the Sabbath, or Saturday, but being a poor farmer he could not afford to rest two days each week, or over one hundred days in the year, and, therefore, after having kept the Sabbath he plowed in his field on Sunday. This aroused the pious indignation of the narrow-minded  and bigoted members of the community who profess to follow that great Leader who taught us to judge not, to resist not evil, and to do unto others as we would have others do unto us. These Christians (?) who, unfortunately for the cause of jus-tice and religious liberty, are in the ma-jority in Tennessee, had this conscientious, God-fearing, man arrested as a common felon, and convicted of the heinous crime (?) of Sabbath-breaking by plowing on Sunday. He appealed to the Supreme Court, and the sentence was affirmed. Then the Adventists and the National Secular Association took up the case. Hon. Don. M. Dickinson was engaged as counsel, and the case was taken to the Federal Court last November on a writ of habeas corpus, the contention being that the conviction was contrary to the Bill of Rights of Tennessee and the Constitution of the United States, and that the defend-ant was held prisoner by the sheriff with-out due process of law. The application was argued several months ago, and Judge Hammond has had it under advisement until recently, when his decision was given in which the defendant was remanded back to the cus-tody of the sheriff to pay the fine or serve the time according to the sentence. This decision holds that malice, religious or otherwise, may dictate a prosecution, but if the law has been violated this fact does not shield the law-breaker. Neither do the courts require that there shall be some moral obloquy to support a given law be-fore enforcing it, and it is not necessary to maintain that to violate the Sunday observance customs shall be of itself im-moral to make it criminal in the eyes of the law. Suggestive, indeed, are the lessons of this great judicial crime against liberty, justice, and God. In the first place it illustrates the fact which must long since have become apparent to thinking men, that the guarantee of the Constitution of the United States, which, more than aught else, has made this Republic the flower of all preceding nations, is yearly becoming less and less regarded by the small men and narrow minds who inter-pret law, and who, instead of showing how unconstitutional any law is which violates the great charter of right, yield to the present craze for governmental pa-ternalism, paying no more heed to our Constitution than if it was the ukase of a Czar. In numerous instances during the past decade has this solemn fact been em-phasized, until it is evident that with the reaction toward paternalism and central-ization has come the old time spirit of intolerance and moral obloquy on the part of the governing powers which has been one of the chief curses of the ages, entailing indescribable misery on the noblest and best, and holding in subjec-tion the vanguard of progress, which always has been and always will be the 