368 ANIMIEtICA.N. Vo.L. 11, No. 46 NEW YORE, NOVEMBER 19, 1896. la' ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. " ALL New England is agitated for the better observance of the Lord's day." So says The Defender, the organ of the Sunday ob-servance party in the New England States. THE Rev. C. H. Parkhurst has inaugurated anew his campaign against Tammany, and announces his intention of burying that or-ganization beyond the possibility of resurrec-tion in the next twelve months. IT cannot be too often repeated in these days that the real evil of Church and State union consists not in an unfair discrimination between the sects, but in the administration of religion through the civil power. Keep religion and the State power separate. JESUS CHRIST said, " My kingdom is not of this world," yet he was condemned and put to death as a plotter against the Roman government. This history repeats itself to-day. Those who proclaim now that Christ's kingdom is not of this world, are accused of carrying on a warfare against the government under which they live. This is the charge now brought against observers of the seventh day. A PROMINENT city official connected with the police department spoke at some length at a meeting of the City Vigilance League, Nov. 9, on the difficulty of procuring convic-tions for violations of the Sunday law. Nev-ertheless, they have been able in several in-stances to arrest and punish by fine poor people who at best can hardly supply them- selves with the necessaries of life. It is because of the evident injustice of such measures that they are found difficult of en-forcement. THE Christian Statesman, of Nov: 7, la-ments that the late political campaign was not conducted on the basis of an appeal to God's law. "National dishonesty" was not, it says, denounced as "a sin against God ; " and 'the triumph of 'sound money' is not there-fore a moral victory such as could have been desired." It was a very noticeable fact in connection with the campaign that the preach-ersŠvery many of themŠentered into the campaign and tried to conduct it upon the basis of a contest .between righteousness and sin, thereby creating a political side show neither edifying nor instructive to the people, and productive of great harm to the spiritual interests of many. From the spectacle they  afforded one can get some idea of what would have been had the two leading political bodies divided upon religious grounds, and turned the campaign into a religious controversy. THE Catholic Review, of September 7, an-nounces that " the poor souls in purgatory expect much relief from the good works that will be offered up for them by the Church on earth. They cry out from amidst .the puri-fying flames, At least you, our friends, have mercy on us!' They will remember those who remember them and repay them a hundred-fold for their mediation in their behalf." The " good works," of course, will be largely 'such as will contribute to the revenue of the church. Thus are the echoes of Tetzel's drum-beats heard even in the nineteenth century. THE above quotation sets forth the papal doctrine in a nutshell. The dead who have only committed a few sins, comparatively, are suffering in the " purifying flames" of purgatory. What they want is release from the flames, but the Lord put them there and only he can release them; and this he is not disposed to do. But man surpasses God(!) in pity, and so to man the poor spirits turn, exclaiming, " At least you, our friends, have mercy on us!" Thus appealed to, the friends in their pity do some "good works," by which the stoicism or indifference of God is overcome, so that he is moved to release the poor unfortunates from their pains! Hardly would it be possible to more misrepresent the character of the eternal Father! SIGNIFICANT. IT is a very noteworthy fact that the Presi-dent's Thanksgiving proclamation, while not specifically designating the " Ruler of the Universe," does contain what all Christians will understand to be a distinct reference to Jesus Christ, in the words: " And let us, through the mediation of Him who has taught us how to pray, implore the forgiveness of our sins and a continuation of heavenly favor." This departure from the precedent estab-lished by former proclamations was doubtless not accidental; nor has it escaped general ob-servation. The National Reform party view it as the direct result of their propaganda for governmental recognition of Christ as the na-tion's King; and that their view is correct there seems little reason to doubt. Their organ, the Christian Statesman, in its issue of Nov. 7, refers to it as a "Christian Procla mation," and says : "This proclamation is the fruit of the earnest efforts of National Re-form workers. Their repeated presentation of the claims of Christ upon this nation have not been in vain." The authors of the State Thanksgiving proc-lamations do not appear to have taken the cue provided them on this point in the na- tional proclamation; but in Pennsylvania, it is said, such action was prevented only by de-termined opposition on the part of those who discern the evil contained in religious procla-mations by the State. It is but one step further to an open recog-nition of the Christian religion as being the, religion of those who constitute the nationt Indeed, the words "Jesus Christ" mighta*e-been substituted for "Him who has-taught us how to pray," without doing any violence to the meaning of the paragraph. And the recognition of the Christian religion as the religion of the nation, by the government's chief executive, is in effect a governmental declaration that those who do not profess that religion, or who may be counted as its ene-mies, are not really a part of the nation. Very harmless this declaration may be in a Thanksgiving proclamation; but once estab-lished by governmental sanction,, it will speedily appear elsewhere in a character any-thing but innocuous. Who will still say there is no significance in Thanksgiving proclamatiOns? Is it not high time that the friends of liberty every-where wake up, and with earnest effort pre-pare to meet the issues which now confront us ? s. COLORADO is the latest State to pronounce Łupon the constitutionality of Sunday "laws." We have not yet seen the decision, but a Den-ver journal of recent date stated that a pro-nouncement on the validity of the Sunday closing ordinance of that city was expected Saturday, Nov. 7, from Judge Abbott, who had delayed the same for some days in order to obtain a copy of the recent Illinois Supreme Court decision touching the Barbers' Sunday bill. It will be remembered that the latter was declared unconstitutional by the Illinois court; and it is to be hoped Judge Abbott has been guided by the principles of justice to a similar conclusion. THE Baptists in Russia, says the Mission-ary Review, continue to suffer deep persecu-tion, to which has now been added the con-fiscation of all religious literature. But in spite of the great difficulties under which they labor, the work goes on. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. published Weekly by Paeifie Press Publishing Go. ORGAN OF THE International Religious liberty Assoeiation. - PRESIDENT,  VICE-PRESIDENT, SECRETARY, Single Copy, Per Year, - $1.00. ADDRESS, Af1ER1CAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York. ALLEN MOON. A. T. JONES. A. F. BALLENGER. 