586 THE SENTINEL OF , LIBERTY'. Neander, Gibbon, Kitto, and all the standard ency-clopaedias, and I have used freely the expressions of the various writers, even when lack of space forbade a direct and extended quotation. G. E. F.] HIGHER CONCEPTIONS CONCERNING SABBATH REFORM. From the Sabbath 'Recorder. THE Sabbath must not be reduced, to a ceremony, and Sabbath-keeping must not be made burden-some. The evolution along this line finds its most Prominent expression in the history of the Jewish people and in the attitude of Christ.. So far as re-corded statements show, Sabbath-keeping among the Jews found highest expression at the lips of Isaiah, as recorded in the 58th chapter. Here the spiritual side of Sabbath-keeping, and its mission and power to uplift men anti bring them into com-munion with God, is set forth sharply. It is a glo-rious ideal; and men of all time are blest who seek to gain the heights on which Isaiah stood, when he wrote the words in the t3th and t4th verses of that chapter. During the century which preceded the birth of Christ, Jewish conception of the Sabbath and of its importance reached a low point, so far as spiritual observance was concerned. The Sabbath became a ceremonial affair, burdened with unjust and unscriptural restrictions. Christ sounded the key-note touching the Sabbath as it ought to ap-pear in his kingdom, when he rejected the low ground and burdensome restrictions that Judaism had, placed upon it; and exalted it for its worth in developing the spiritual life of men and bringing them into communion with God. The standard Christ _set concerning the Sabbath is the starting point from which Sabbath reform ought to radiate, and the form by which Christian practice ought to be regulated. The position taken by .Christ was so far above that occupied by the Jews, and so, much deeper as-to spiritual meaning, that neither the Jewish con-vert, nor, at a later period, the converts from pagan-ism, grasped it. Whether they could have done so we may not answer, though we believe that they would have approached much nearei to a just conception but for the sharp opposition to Judaism, which iden-tified the Sabbath with the narrow views of the Jews, and failed to: rise toŁ the height which Christ odcu-pied. This failure, coupled with the theory that the law of God, as contained in the Old Testament, was  inferior,-or was abrogated, resulted in the first great perversion of the Sabbath question under Chris-tianity. Rejecting the idea that the Scripture, as interpreted by Christ, was the standard in Sabbath-keeping, logically and actually, men were forced to create a new standard. From the middle of the second century, forward this new standard took rapid shape and development, resulting in the state-church; after the Roman Catholic model. For cen-turies this model was followed, and all higher fea-tures of the Sabbath question were lost sight of, while the Sabbath itself, as Christianized by Christ, was buried under a mass of holidays, with Sunday at their head. The deep darkness that followed, the loss of spiritual, power on the part of the church, the comparative degradation of Christian life, and the numerous evils which grew up, form God's an-swer to the state-church theory. These results unite to show that under Christianity the Sabbath must not be based upon the authority of the state-church, and that it must remain where Christ left it. The law of evolution, as shown by the history of the first fifteen hundred years of Christianity, has de-clared an infallible verdict on this point. That ver-dict is in accordance with Christ's statement: " By their fruits ye shall know them." No one can be indifferent to that verdict and hope to escape in-creasing difficulties. WHERE there is no liberty there can be no tem-perance. The inmates of a State prison are all total abstainers, but this does not make them all tem-perate men. [We believe, too, that they all keep Sunday and go to church.] The object of teaching, preaching, and example should be, to make men temperateŠthat is, self-controlled. The soclal.ex-communications, the rule-making, the legislation, which tend to substitute the control of one man over another man, work against temperance because they work against self-control.ŠThe Outlook. .4 .4 MANY politicians of our time are in the habit of laying it down as a Self-evident proposition that no people ought to be free until they are fit to use their freedom. The maxim is worthy of the fool in the old story, who resolved not to go into the water un-til he had learned to swim. If men are to wait for liberty until they become wise and good in slavery they may indeed wait forever.Š Thomas B B. Macaulay. 