*11  Ill''t111111 11111.11 +t,,q1,11 ERICAN SENTIN "IF ANY MAN HEAR MY "WORD& AND RFLIEFE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. ALONZO T. JONES, EDITOR. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 30, 1897. VoL. 12, No. 38. Single Copy, 3 cents. The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. ft;ir Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no tears that they will he asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Post-office.) "HART thou faith? have it to thyself before God." Nom right, but rights, are properly enforceable by legislation. To invade the rights of a single individual, of what-ever race or belief, is contrary to the interests of the whole community. 4-444- --- THE Sabbath was made for man, but not by man; and He who made the Sabbath, and not he for whom it was made, may rightfully legislate concerning it. - LEGISLATION which is simply for the majority. is often oppressive to the individual; but that which is for the individual can never be against- the interests of the ma-jority. GRAMMARIANS teach that there is a decided difference between "a man" and "the man;" but theologians teach that there is no difference between "a seventh day" .and "the, seventh day." Which is right? "110- ŁŁ-.4  THE more of the spirit of brotherly love and helpful-ness toward the unfortunate there is in the land, the more prosperity it will have; and without this it will not have prosperity though every ship which enters its har-bors should come loaded down with gold. THERE is a wide difference between stating facts, and  condemning men. Facts in which are involved the con-duct of men, may be plainly stated without at all judging or condemning the men who are connected with the facts. In other words, principles can be dealt with without ref-erence to men. .Ł THERE are two things which have been long and ear-nestly sought, the discovery of which may be expected to be announced on the same day; namely, a perpetual motion, and the Scripture which states that Sunday is the Sabbath. To believe that the so-called wrist bone of St. Ann can work miracles is a great exhibition of credulity; but still greater credulity is required to believe that this bone could (and actually did) manufacture itself. If it could do the latter, there is no question but that it can do the former. 1, I,  Ł " Follow Thou Me." THE work of Christians is not to set other people straight, but to keep themselves straight. "My brethren, be not many masters, knowing that we shall receive the greater condemnation." To assume mastership over, others is only to incur condemnation, therefore the more masters, the mere condemnation. "One is your Master, even Christ, and all ye are breth-ren." "Who art thouthat judgest another man's servant? To his own master he standeth or falleth." "So then every one of us shall give account of himself to God. Let us not therefore judge one another any more; but judge this rather, that no man put a stum-bling-block or an occasion to fall in his brother's way." Thus the Lord intends every disciple to be "quiet and to do his own business," and not to be "a busybody in other men's matters." In other words, the Lord instructs and expects his people to mind their own business and to let other people's business alone. 