AMERICAN SENTINEL. 661 outlined lies at the foundation of the religious laws of our States, whether of Sunday laws or laws against blas-phemy or witchcraft. It is to be hoped that this investigation, helped on by the discussion of Utah affairs, will enable the people to see that every State of the Union is menaced just as much as Utah is. A Catholic, Episcopalian, or Methodist union with a State would be just as bad as a Mormon union, and if all of them together should influence a State to enforce a religious tenet, the evil would be precisely the same. In either case the honest dissenter would feel the tyranny of a religion through the power of the State, and it would be of little moment to him what church or what churches were at the bottom of it. Those churches which are frightened at the thought that the Mormon Church may yet control legislation in Utah so that the doctrines of that church may be favored there by law, should look very carefully over their own history and present tendencies before they lock horns with the Mormons upon this subject. It is a very old axiom that people who live in glass houses should not throw stones; and churches which are doing their best to influence legislation in the United States Congress and many of the State legislatures, should either cease their efforts in that direction or cheerfully yield to the Mor-mons the same privilege they claim for themselves. The "American idea" is that no church either directly or indirectly should meddle with the State, or in any way attempt to gain State patronage for its dogmas. In other words, the American idea calls for a purely secular government. But alas! in many ways we are yet far from the ideal. 10, 0 Ł The Essential Thing. Rev. J. A. Derome, Mapleton, Minn. SOME are very anxious to have the name of God in-serted in the Constitution. But this is not the all-impor-tant thing. You might have the word "God" inscribed upon the White House, carved upon the gilded dome of the Capitol, engrossed upon the desk of every representa-tive and senator, and yet it would not make much dif-ference. We have on our silver dollar the motto : "In God We Trust,"Ł but this has not stopped greed, covetousness, the love of money, which are some of our national evils. Nations are made up of individuals. It is the individual who needs to have God's name treasured in his own heart, to be held by him in reverence and love. And when individuals, who make up the town, the county, the state, the nation, have such due regard for God and his law, then is fulfilled the divine promise: ''Blessed is the nation whose God is the Lord." The Fourth of July recalls the fact that we owe our present freedomŠthat is, what is left of itŠand our priv-ileges to men who were not afraid to trust in God, nor ashamedlto say so. In that immortal Declaration of In- dependence, the signers appealed "to the Supreme Judge of the world" for the rectitude of their intentions, and they said they were ready to support that Declaration "with firm reliance on the protection of divine Provi_ dence." To-day, our law-makers have a chaplain to do their praying for them. It is a much better thing when legislators can pray for themselves, are willing to do it, and to keep God's law by serving him and their fellow men. Our Government's Alliance with Religion. SOME INTERESTING FACTS RELATIVE TO ARMY CHAP- LAINCIES. A WRITER who "has had exceptional opportunities to study federal chaplaincies, and is thoroughly well' in-formed as to the facts relating thereto," contributes an article on this subject to the Christian Register, of Sep-tember 23, in which we note the following interesting statements:Š "A well-located chapel is in use at West Point by the government chaplain. Another is open for Catholic and other services. They are styled the cadet chapel' and a soldiers' chapel.' The 'soldiers' chapel' is 'inconspicu-ous and retired in location,' `a mean and shabby build-ing.' Thus the Catholics are compelled to hold their services in an inferior building and under very unfavor-able conditions as compared with those of the govern-ment chaplain; and the Roman Catholic priests and all Protestant ministers are not put on a plane of equal privileges with the Protestant Episcopal priest, who officiates in the well-located and well-cared-for post chapel. "There is now a Roman Catholic chapel on the Leaven-worth Military Reservation, in a good location. It is the second here owned and occupied by this church. Thefirst was sold to the government for $12,000, and the second was erected out of this money. At Leavenworth is the United States Infantry and Cavalry School, and it is thus a military post of special importance. "A noted Catholic writer, Dr. Conde B. Pallen, asserts that `at West Point itself the Episcopalians have a hand-some stone church, whose support the government as-sumes and the salary of whose minister it pays.' This is true. The dominant official element at West Point is Episcopal. Any one but an Episcopalian as chaplain there would not be thought of. The present incumbent was selected for the place by Bishop Potter. No other church representatives were supposed to have any right to be consulted. And the chaplain is a Protestant Epis-copal priest, wears the dress of one, conducts the services strictly according to the forms of his church, works for its interests, and is to all intents and purposes Protest-ant Episcopal rector at West Point, and is supported handsomely from the United States Treaury, his salary being several hundreds of dollars more than that of any other army chaplain. This money is used to promote sectarian ends,Ši. e., the ends of a singlechurch,Šas defi-nitely and purely as though the government should itself build a Roman Catholic chapel at West Point, and pay a Roman Catholic priest to conduct its services. In main- 