AMERICA_INT 41 soul : crosses in the firmament are of rather light moral worth. Unfortunately, it was years after this traditional vision that his nominal Christianity allowed him to kill his son, his second wife and others of his family. Full of ambition and passionate resentment, it would require considerably more to-day than a sky miracle, a sword in the hand, and a conquering army at the Malvian Bridge to give him membership 'In good standing' in the Bap-tist Church recently established at Rome. It is said that the cross in the heaveas was attended with the inscrip-tion: By this sign conquer!' What, and whom? His own sin? His own soul? It seems not. But rather CONSTANTINE'S CHRISTIAN CITIZENSHIP BANNER. "It is described as a. long pike intersected by a transversal beant. The siken veil which hung down from the beam, was curiously enwrought 'with the image of the reigning monarch and his children. The summit of the pike supported a crown [wreath] of gold which enclosed the mysterious monogram, at once expressive of the figure of the cross, and the initial letters [Greek] of the name of Christ.."ŠGibbon, vol. .1, chap. 20, p. 12. MaxentiuS and Rome and a throne. At the beginning Jesus had made himself king in Zion, to disallow all im-perialism there; and did he now rise from his throne to hang his cross of peace an ensign of blood in the firma-ment, and to indicate that he turned over his universal  lordship to an unregenerated heathen? This cross story needs revision."Špp. 297, 298. Inasmuch also, as Christian Citizenship, indorsed by so many taptists, now proposes to have "his {Christ's] teaching made the rule in all public affairs," another quotation from Dr. Armitage is made to show how the bishops sought and obtained the national sanction of their views of Christ's teachings, and its results as seen by a Baptist. Describing the Council of Nica as it sat waiting for the entrance of Constantine, its Christian Citizenship chairman, Dr. Armitage makes use of this eloquent and truthful language:Š "Alas for them! with all their fortitude, the simplicity of the Upper Room, the 'piece of broiled fish and the honeycomb,' had given place to royal apparel, princely fare, and `kingS' houses ; ' but there was no Son of man returning fresh from Edom. They sat waiting in solemn silence; but a new head of the church came in, and they rose to do him reverence. . . . The sword of nations and the shepherd's crook lay at his side; but where was the Good Shepherd who laid down his life for the sheep? This is Caesar, and not another King, one Jesus! . . . How are the mighty fallen! Their lawful sovereign and good friend was hailed as their head, and they waited for his 'image and superscription' to attest their orthodoxy. For the first time the old Baptist churches of the world are found crouching at a monarch's feet! Farewell, soul liberty, hie thee to the wilderness for a time ! "Špp. 203, 204. This is the Baptist view of that first attempt to es-tablish the kingdom of God on the earth by means of "purified politics." However, the contemporary Chris-tian Citizenship view as ,expressed by Eusebius is that then was fulfilled "the prediction of the holy prophets, according to what they uttered ages before, and the Saints of the Most High shall take the kingdom.' "ŠOra-tion in praise of Constantine, chap. So blind were the church leaders in, the days of Con-stantine that when they had laid aside the pilgrim garb and donned the purple robe; when they had exchanged the "sword of the Spirit" for the scepter of civil power they really thought the saints of the Most High pos-sessed the kingdom. But instead, as Dr. Armitage says, there was "inflicted a blow upon the Christian system from which it has not yet recovered." And as surely as this was true of the Christian Citi-zenship movement in the fourth century, just as surely is it true of the Christian Citizenship movement of the nineteenth century. And as then so now the mournful warning will be given, "Farewell, soul liberty, hie thee to the wilderness for a time." A. F. B. 111-,-4 A PROMINENT speaker at the recent compulsory Sun-day observance convention in Chicago, said:Š " It has been the immemorial custom of our courts and legislatures to follow precedents, and from materials collected from the effete past, from decisions rendered and statutes enacted when the conditions of society were 