178 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, right of the public to turn their private schools into public schools. For that, in one sentence, is what the Bennett law means, and the Illinois law also. The Bennett law requires that every child between the ages of seven and four-teen years shall attend school such period of time, not less than twelve, nor more than twenty-four weeks, in each year, as "-shall be fixed " " by the Board of Educa-tion, or Board of Directors of the city, town or district;" "and such Boards shall, at least ten days prior to the beginning of such periods publish the time or times of at-tendance." The Illinois law requires that the chil-dren shall attend school " at least sixteen weeks," with a penalty of not less than one dollar, nor more than twenty dollars "for every neglect." " But if the person so neglecting, shall show to the satisfaction of the Board of Education or of Directors that such child has attended for a like period of time a private day school, ap-proved by the Board of Education or Di-rectors of the city, town, or district in which such Łchild resides, etc., then such penalty shall not be incurred." The only effect of these laws is to make every private school a public school. The use of the term " private school " in the sections quoted is a misnomer; because when the public fixes the time or times of attendance at the school, and fixes what shall be taught there and how; when what is done must be " to the satisfaction " of the public authorities, and must be " ap-proved " by the public authorities, then such schools are no longer private in any proper or legal sense of the word. Yet these laws do not openly propose the abolition of the private schools, they Ł only mildly propose to confiscate themŠto turn them into public schools at private expense. These two States generously grant the right of the churches to estab-lish church schools ; but when the schools are once established, then the States merely assert the authority to turn them into State schools at the churches' expense. The effect of these laws therefore is as clearly confiscation of property as need be. The State lays a public tax, collects it, and uses it under its own direction in the work of the public school. The people who hold church schools pay their proportion of the tax levied by the State. They pay all that the State asks. But besides this they as church members organize schools of their own in which to teach their own children the religion in which they believe, and whatever else they may choose ; they use their own money to pay teachers, to build school-houses, etc. Then the State steps up and demands, " I must have all this too. These schools must be under my control ; the teaching there must be to my satisfaction; in short they shall not be counted schools at all unless you teach there what I say shall be taught, and as I say it shall be taught. In other words,  and to be plain about it, you must spend your money and teach 'your children as I choose and as I direct." That is precisely what these laws mean. The confiscation of the money and prop-erty however is a very small item., as com-pared with the usurpation of the place, and the authority of the parent and the Church. These laws are identical in effect, and almost identical in word, with a bill introduced in the New York Legislature, January 16, 1890, which the Union. League Club unanimously denounced as " a dan-gerous and vicious bill," and "in the line of the most vicious class of legislation with which we are afflicted ; " and which met the death it deserved, and which it is to be hoped is everlasting. Any private or church school that obeys these laws thereby consents to the State's assumption. of authority to control the school, and dictate in its affairs. And if the State can say what any church or association of parents shall teach to their own children, and how it shall be taught, then there is no longer any such thing as parental or church authority to teach anything except at the direction and dictation of the State. The State has no more right to say what shall be taught in a private school, than a private individual has to say that his private views shall be taught in the public school. The State has not a particle more right to say what shall be taught in a church school, than a church has to say what shall be taught in the public school. These are the grounds, and these the basic reasons, of the opposition to these laws in Wisconsin and Illinois. It is in defense of the American principle of the rights of the people, and of the Christian principle of religious liberty. These compulsory school laws of Wis-consin and Illinois have not a scintilla of justice to rest upon. The principle is that of absolutism, the laws are but the asser-tion of it, and the defense of the laws is but the defense of it. We have read ev-erything we could get hold of on the sub-ject, from the laws themselves and Gov-ernor Hoard's speech, to whatever else we could find on either side of the question, and we have found the principle of the laws and the defense of them to be abso-lutism only ; and in all that has been said in defense of them we have not yet found a single valid reason. As we have shown, the laws logically assert the right of the State to say that neither the parent nor the Church shall teach anything to the children except at the directiOn and dictation of the State, and so, argue that the State is absolute. All the advocates of the laws have not as-serted openly and in plain terms that this is so, but some of them. have. The words of one such we give. The Chicago Trib-une of April 8, 1890, gives the words of Mr. William C. Goudy, a well-known law-yer and political leader, as follows:Š The State has the power over its citizens. The State may even abolish the relations between parent  and child, though as to the result of such an act I do not care to speak. The fact is that the law does interfere with the custody of children. Time and again`children. are taken away from both father and mother. It is true enough that where parents maltreat a child, the State may, in fact it must, exercise its protective power in be-half of the child. Protection of the rights of the subject is what the State is for, and it must protect a child as well as a man. But it is only the assertion of the right-fulness of tyranny to argue from that the right of the State to abolish the relations between parent and child. It is a wicked spirit that turns the doing of a favor, 'into authority for an assertion of- powerŠto make the exertion of a 'protective power in an exceptional case, the authority to assert a commanding or dictatorial power in all cases. Further it is gravely argued that it is necessary to " the peace and safety of the State" that the State shall compel all the German and other children of foreign tongues to learn the English language. And it is America that says it. Well now, if all the people of Illinois and Wisconsin both should speak German, or Latin, or even Choctaw, we should like to know what calamity could threaten the peace and safety of either of the States from that source. Is every person necessarily a thief, or a murderer, or an outlaw who does not speak the English language ? Is the peace or safety of States or commu-nities never disturbed or threatened by people who speak English ? But if it is necessary to the peace and and safety of the State that all the chil-dren of foreign tongues shall learn to read and write and speak English, why is it not necessary that the parents shall learn it also ? Why jeopardize the peace and safety of the State 'all these years till all the parents die who do not speak English, and all the children learn to speak, read, and write English? Why is it not neces-sary, yea, much more necessary, that the parents be compelled to learn English as well as the children? Or is it a fact that the peace and safety of the State are en-dangered only by the children, and by such of them only as are between the ages of seven and fourteen. years ? Besides, upon the theory of these laws that English can be learned only in school, not to compel the parents to use English is to continue the greatest possible hin-drance to the children's learning to use it. So long as the parents are suffered to use.  German in the home, in the shop, in the field, everywhere, it will be almost an interminable task, successfully to get the 'children to learn it. Why then do not Wisconsin and Illinois go about this work in the right way ? Why not adopt the plan that will positively assure speedy and certain, and permanent results ? Why does not each of these States enact a law Š doubtless Mr. Bennett for Wisconsin, 