!Ole "01111101111$2., toks.11, - _ .... - 416111iliN 01111111 Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas 7eferson. VOLUME 6. NEW YORK, DECEMBER 24, 1891. NUMBER 50. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - ALONZO T. JONES, ASSOO/ATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. MCKEE. A THEOCRACY is essentially a religious government. Sabbath laws belong only with a theocracy. As Sunday laws are advocated upon a theory that Sunday is the Sabbath, so are they inseparable from a theocratical theory of government. In such a theory Sunday laws originated Šwith such a theory they belong, and every argument in behalf of Sunday laws is, in the nature of the case, compelled to presuppose a theocratical theory of gov-ernment. Nor can this result be avoided by call-ing it the "civil Sabbath." To call it the " civil Sabbath" and then attempt to sup-port it as such by arguments, every one of which rests upon a theocratical basis, is simply to demonstrate that the title of " civil Sabbath " is only a contrivance to save appearances, and is essentially a fraud. THE State can not make men. good. The State is a natural thing, It springs from men in the natural state, and there is no power in nature, or in any natural process, or thing, to . make men good. Nothing but the power of God as revealed in Jesus Christ can ever make men good. But that is a supernatural thing. It was supernaturally manifested in Jesus Christ, and is now supernaturally impressed upon men and cultivated in them. Goodness is a fruit of the Spirit of God; and the prom-ise of the Spirit of God is received only through faith, of which Jesus Christ is "the author and finisher." The State knows nothing of faith, and has nothing to do with faith. It is impossible, therefore, for  the State to make good men, and any pro-fessed minister of the gospel of Christ who attributes such power to the State, virtu-ally denies the purpose and the power of Christianity. If the State can make men good, then assuredly there is no need of Christianity to make them good, and there was no need of Christ's coming down to this earth to make them good. Whence Came It All? FROM the extracts which we have made and discussed, in our review of Judge Hammond's dictum, we have no doubt that many of our readers have wondered where in the world a judge of a United States court ever could have got such an abundance of such strange principles. He was sitting in the place, and speaking officially from the bench, of a judge of a court of the Government of the United States. It were to be expected, therefore, that he would announce the principles of the Government of the United States. Instead of this, however, he boldly sets forth propositions and principles that are utterly subversive of every principle of the Government of the United States, as that Government was originally estab-lished, and as the people have supposed it was being maintained. Where did the Judge get them ? We are not left to answer this question our-selves, nor in a way in which there need be any fear of making a mistake. The answer is already and abundantly made, and furnished ready to our hand. All we need to do is to transcribe such portions as may be required to answer the in-quiry that has been raised. The decision of the Court and the dic-tum of the Judge, were filed at Mem-phis, Tennessee, , August 1, 1891, and were printed in'- the Memphis Appeal-Avalanche, of the next day, Au-gust 2. Then in the same paper of August 30, there is a communication nearly four columns in length, entitled, " The Sunday Habit," upon the same sub-ject, covering the same ground, signed  " E. S. Hammond " and dated " August 12, 1891." The headlines of the commu-nication show that the E. S. Hammond, whose name is signed to it, is the same one who as Judge E. S. Hammond filed the dictum August 1, which was printed August 2. And every line of the com-munication plainly shows that it was from Mr. E. S. Hammond, the individual, that Hon. E. S. Hammond the Judge obtained the principles and propositions which are set forth in the dictum. -Nor were they simply gotten up for the occasion, or prepared on short notice. By Mr. Hammond's express statement they are shown to have been of long standing, if not inherent, in the individual. After stating again some of the leading thoughts of the dictum of the judge, Mr. Hammond, with a satisfaction that is clearly appar-ent, announces that :Š Upon this line of argument, the writer some years ago, being invited to lecture before his Jewish fellow-citizens, upon the question whether Chris-tianity can be a part of the law of the land, sought to reconcile them to the civic doctrine of obedience to a dominant, though distasteful custom, even at the economic sacrifice of another day of labor, rather than attempt to overthrow a habit so fixed as the Sunday habit, by the comparatively weak process of individual defiance of the custom, and to agitate the incorporation of an exception in the Sunday laws in favor of him who conscientiously had abstained from labor on Saturday. This shows that the doctrine of obedi-ence to a dominant religious party who, by "a sort of factitious advantage" may control the civil power, and by it compel conform-ity to their religious opinions or dogmas, is an old and favorite doctrine of Mr. Hammond's; and he seems to be so smitten with his despotic principles that he not only seizes every opportunity to air them and parade them before the public, but must needs use the judicial office of the United States to create an opportunity. As for his effort to reconcile his Jewish fellow-citizens to his doctrine, we can say first, Unless his Jewish fellow-citizens of Tennessee are much more financially lib-eral than they are in any other part of the country, they would hardly appreciate his 