228 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Holy Spirit is the guide into all spiritual truth, and free to all, so certainly is any human interpreter of the will of God superfluous, anti-biblical, and blasphemous. The Attempted Papal Revolution in Ecuador. rm. following very interesting description of the present situation in Ecuador, as related to the struggle of the people for emancipation from Rome, is by Bishop Warren, Methodist, published in the N. Y. Christian Ad-vocate, of April s:Š] "Our historical tradition isŠrevolution," said the Minister of the Interior of Ecuador in 1888. Most coun-tries are true to their historical traditions; this country is no exception. Lest it should be supposed that this is an ordinary outbreak following a bombastic pronunciamento, I take pains to say, on the day following the decisive battle of Riobamba, thatthe movements of to-day in this little equatorial republic are a part of the great tide of world-wide events in the interest of the liberties and rights of man. The republics of South America achieved their inde-pendence of the bloody power of Spain about 1823, the assertion of the Monroe doctrine being a most helpful -factor in that achievement. Emancipation from a pre-tended church, that made Spain so bloody and tyran-nous, is proceeding very much more slowly, since eman--cipation from spiritual bondage is more difficult than -from civil and military bondage. The following document speaks for itself. It marked -the culmination Of efforts to make the state subsidiary to the church. Quito, where this action was consum-mated, has always been the ecclesiastical head of the na-tion, as Guayaquil has been the commercial:Š "PREAMBLEŠConsidering: 1. That the Third Provin-cial Council of Quito has by special act consecrated the republic of Ecuador to the Sacred Heart of Jesus, placing it under his protection and patronage. "2. That the legislature should join in name of the ' nation in the approval of an act so satisfactory to its sentiments of eminent Catholicity, as it is also the most .efficient medium for the conservation of the faith and the realization of progress and welfare of the State; there--fore, the Senate and Chamber of Deputies of Ecuador, in congress assembled, decree: "ARTICLE I. The republic of Ecuador is consecrated to the Sacred Heart of Jesus, declaring him its patron -and protector. "ARTICLE II. The feast day of the Sacred Heart of Jesus shall be civic, with assistance of the first class, -celebrated in all the cathedrals of the republic with the greatest possible solemnity by the prelates of the -dioceses. "ARTICLE III. In all the cathedrals an altar will be -erected dedicated to the Sacred Heart of Jesus for the purpose of heightening the zeal and piety of the dio--cesans. "ARTICLE IV. In the face of each of these altars  shall be engraved, at the expense of the government, the present decree. "G. GARCIA MORENO, President." "Quito, Ecuador, Oct. 8, 1873. When, Garibaldi threatened Rome, Ecuador offered-the pope an asylum among the ice-covered, fire-hearted volcanoes of the central Andean chain, if he was driven out of Rome. It must have been too suggestive of pur-gatory to be attractive. It reminds one that when Eng-land and the rest of Europe feared Napoleon's projected descent upon the island across the silver streak of sea, and when a ripple of that fear reached the far-off little Barbadoes, the government sent word to King George IV. not to be afraid, for the Barbadoes were with him to a Man, and if Napoleon did drive himŁout of England he could find asylum and empire in Barbadoes. The Span-ish have a variation of the old Greek fable of the gnat and the ox, as follows: A flea on the horn of a heavily burdened ox heard him breathing hard, and magnani-mously leaped to the ground. Some years ago the clergy of Ecuador had a tenth, in kind, of all the products of the country. This being difficult to collect, they commuted it, greatly to their advantage, to a fixed per cent. in cash on all products. If the first was, a whip of thongs, the second was a whip of scorpions. Ecuador shared with Peru, Bolivia, and Venezuela the infamy of declaring no marriages legal except those legalized by the priests of the Catholic Church. Having this monopoly of the business, they did not hesitate to charge exorbitant fees. For the poorer classes they were practically prohibitory, with the result that marriages were few, and bastards manyŠsometimes as many as eighty-five per cent. of the births. Against every effort at reform the priests opposed themselves, and fomented every revolution againstevery measure that endangered their craft. In one case the archbishop (whose name I could give were it not better for him and the race that the waters of oblivion should engulf it) marched in full canonicals, the cross in one hand and, the sword in the other, at the head of the forces of retrogression. Lately the present president, Alfaro, came into power. The principal acts of the last legislature were these: (1) Provision for a railroad to Quito, opening the country; (2) the establishment of the gold standard, instead of the contemptible paper and debased silver currency of these benighted countries; and (3) a complete separa-tion of church and state, including a discontinuance of all stipends to the clergy and the church. This was es-pecially necessary because the clergy were flagrantly im-moral, because church benefices were used for political preferment and corruption, and because all the power of the church was always at the service of revolution against progress. These last two ends could be easily forwarded because the higher clergy, by constitutional right, had seats of power in the legislative and executive departments. 