68 AMERICAN SENTINF1T the teacher. The teacher noticed that he, did not sing, and, calling him to account, a dialogue ensued which was substantially as follows:Š "Victor, why don't you sing?" "I don't want to sing that song." "Why not?" "Because I am not allowed to." "Who does not allow you?" "My parents are Seventh-day Adventists, and they don't want me to sing that song. It means persecution to them." The outcome was that the boy was detained after school and compelled to sing the song. He was compelled to endorse, in principle, the perse-cution of his own parents, and to say that he would do that which he knew in his own heart he would not do at all. And all this was done in the name of Christian En-deavor. It was a Christian Endeavor song, and the teacher was an active member of the Christian Endeavor society. Now the incident is before the reader in its full signifi-cance. Only let this line of work betaken up and pushed by the Christian Endeavor body, so that the children in the public schools everywhere shall grow up committed to the idea of enforcing Sunday by law, and what would we have in this country a few years hence? How much liberty would there be left for all those whose convictions of duty did not harmonize with the idea of Sunday ob-servance? We have no desire to make more out of this incident than is really in it; and we do particularly desire to give all parties concerned in it credit for the best intentions. It is quite possible that this little song was meant only as a temperance song, and that its authors had in mind only the Sunday closing of saloons; though it is to be noted that when alcohol is really voted down, there will be no 'occasion for Sunday laws so far as temperance is concerned, since there will then be general prohibition. Certainly the voting down of alcohol could not be done by merely closing the saloons on Sunday; for a Sunday closing law, as applied to the saloolts, means the sanction of law for a business which is by nature an outlaw. - For it is impossible to close the saloons on Sunday only, by law, without sanctioning them by the same law on all other days of the week. It is sufficient to observe that however this little song may have been intended, the actual enforcement of Sun-day laws means persecution to those who stand opposed to Sunday on religious grounds. History teaches it, logic demands it, and recent experience in this very land abundantly confirms it. - "Straws show which way the wind is blowing;" and the prudent man is he who foreseeth the evil, and prepar-eth himself to meet it. WE oppose these innovations only because they should never first have been proposed. Patriotism. WE believe inpatriotism; and we believe in the teach-ing of patriotism in the public schools. But we do not believe in the "patriotism" thatŠin many placesŠis being taught. We do not believe in a kind of "patriotism" that glo-rifies war. War is against civilization, against national prosperity, against every interest of the individual and of the state. We believe in a patriotism that seeks to save life, not to destroy it. We believe in a patriotism that maintainsŠnot de-niesŠliberty of conscience. We believe in a patriotism that proclaims that "all men are created equal," and that every individual has "certain unalienable rights." This is the patriotism of the Constitution and the Declaration of Independence. This is the patriotism of the noble men who laid the foundations of this nation. Why 'cannot the children in the public schools be taught something about individual rights? What could be more profitable than to teach them to prize their own rights, and to respect the rights of others? What kind of patriotism is more truly American than that which prompted the writing of the Declaration of Independence? To teach the children patriotism it is not necessary that they be taught how to kill people, and to believe that we are the "biggest" nation on earth, and can "lick" any or all of the others. It is not necessary to teach them that the only proper place to show patriotism is amidst the smoke of gun-powder and the death and ruin of the battle field. If the American flag is to be held up before the chil-dren in the public schools, let them be taught that it stands for something else besides war. Let them be taught the principles of individual lib-erty and independence upon which the government, rep-resented by the flag, was established. Teach the children to love peace, not war. Teach them that respect for right, that love of truth, that moral courage and self-reliance, which are essential to true manhood. There will then be no danger but that they will grow up to be patriots. AN end must be put to a social condition that mocks the dictates of justice and makes a travesty of the gospel of Christ. Thrones are trembling and the prepatations for the greatest of wars are being rapidly pushed. There are but two methods to deal with this storm of human unrestŠthe policy of Caesar or the method of Christ. One is the personification of individual selfish-ness, the other the doctrine of brotherly love.-Mrs. Mary E. Lease. 