348 THE .A.IVIERICA_N SENTINEL. _ they are all founded upon what we believe to be good policy simply. "But I freely grant that nothing should be done because in some aspects it might seem to be good policy, if it was really wrong. There are those who think it would be wrong to open the Fair on Sun-day, because they say there is a divine command forbidding anything or every-thing on Sunday, except rest and worship. I do not think there is any such command. Minister though I am, and interested as I am in having Sunday in general spent as we people in Chicago spend it, using it for a day of worship, a day of rest and of intellectual culture and recreation, yet I cannot see that there would be anything wrong in opening the Fair on Sunday, for purposes of rest and recreation to those who would find both in attending the Fair. " But nothing really wrong should ever be done because it might be thought to be good policy. If it is wrong to 'do any manner of work on Sunday, then let us do no manner of work. Let us agitate the matter until all shops are closed. Let us no longer use the steam-cars or the street-cars, nor read Sunday papers, nor even Monday papers, since they involve work on Sunday. Let us be consistent about it if it is wrong to do any work on.  Sunday. " But is it wrong ? And if so, why ? To, answer these questions, or to show why it has been thought contrary to the divine will to use Sunday for any purpose except for worship and for rest, involves a great deal of history, the discussion of a long and somewhat complicated question. I will not go into the matter very deeply, and there is no need that I should, as you have all doubtless been over it again and again. I will only ' stir up your pure minds by way of remembrance.' " The origin of the Sunday Sabbath begins with the origin of the Sabbath of the Jews, and that is connected with the origin.of the week, and that goes back beyond all human history. *- * * " Recurring to the matter of the Sab-bath and Sunday, I need not pause to ex-plain the way in which the Jews kept their Sabbath day, but will only say that their- day was the seventh of the week, Saturday. But as we are not Jews but Christians, the question for us is, first, how did Christ regard the Sabbath ? He seems to have- 'been quite liberal in his views of the day and its uses. Nearly every difficulty or dispute that he had with the Jews of his time, as recorded by the evangelists, began in or involved ac-cusations made against him as a violator of the Sabbath. To be, sure they were very particular, extreme, even to the point of foolishness, -in their requirements in regard to the day. But Jesus annunciated the principle, that-  the 'Sabbath was made for man, and not man for- the Sabbath.  He said also that it should be lawful always to do good on the Sabbath day. " What did Jesus say in regard to Sun-' day ? Nothing whatever so far as we know. What is taught in the New Testa-naent in regard to the change, abrogating the old Sabbath and transferring the sa-credness of one seventh of , the time from Saturday to Sunday ? Not a word, not a syllable in the. New Testament. * * * " Where teen is there any divine au-thority for making Sunday a holy day ? The Catholic Church can consistently show some authority, but not such as will satisfy Protestants. They can show that the ' mother church' has, during all of its history kept Sunday as a sort of Sabbath, kept it holy in the way in which they keep it to-day. That the 'mother-church' tradition is authority, the church is an infallible authority, her word is final. But the Catholic way of keeping- Sunday is not strict enough for Protestants, and neither is the Catholic authority sufficient. Protestants believe in the religion of the Bible,- and in that book is not one word to show the sacredness of Sunday. "The early Christians were undoubtedly, the majority of them, keepers of, the- sev-enth day during the first,' and. at least a part of the second century. As the new religion progressed westward, and was embraced by -people not of Jewish birth, the Sabbath of the Jews was less and less regarded. And as the Church spread more and more widely into, different coun-tries several days were kept sacred. Fri-day was perhaps the most popular day of all as a day of fasting, prayer, and wor-ship, then Saturday, the Jewish Sabbath, was also kept as a day of rest and worship. Sunday was the feast celebrating Christ's resurrection. Tuesday was also kept as a holy day in some places. " Uniformity in regard to the day to be kept holy by 'Christians was secured, as every one knows, under the edict of Con-stantine. His word was that upon the ' venerable day .of the Sun' all courts of justice, all workshops, and people of vil-lages should be at rest. He- made -an ex-ception in regard to agricultural laborers, saying that sometimes it was necessary that their work should be done. But even under Constantine Ł the Sunday- did not become a Sabbath in the sense in which it was made a Sabbath in New.  England by our ancestors. There, for the first time in the world, or there at least more completely than ever before, except per-haps in some few places in old- England, Sunday was made after the exact pattern of the Jewish Sabbath. No manner of work to be done, therein, no recreation, simply rest and worship were allowable. .This our forefathers did because of their literal manner of interpreting the Bible. They felt obliged totake it all as, one hook and make it all consistent one part with an-other. And - so they . must obey the dem- logue of Moses, and yet they could not adopt the Jewish. seventh-day Sabbath. So they made the Sunday Sabbath, al-though neither they nor anybody else was ever able, consistently or clearly, -to show when or why or where the sacredness was transferred from one day to the other. " This glance at the history of the case will suffice to indicate my reason for say-ing that there is no divine command pro-hibiting the use of the first day of the week in any human and entirely rational way. I believe, as I have said, very earn-estly and sincerely, in using the day for religious purposes, for intellectual pur-poses, in using it as a day for social and literary culture and improvement, a day for writing letters, for seeing one's friends, for walking or riding, or finding healthful and quiet recreation and rest in whatever way is best for body and mind. " And I deem it not inconsistent 'with this that we should open the great Fair, police it' properly,- have it all orderly and safe, and allow people to visit it on the Sunday. And I believe that the more we come to see that this day is sacred simply because of the good human uses we make of it, the more clearly we see that it is sacred to human use as well as to divine service, the more cheerfully and the more truly holy we will- keep it. The truest service of God is very often, if not always, that which -is most helpful to man. So should it be with our keeping the Sunday. And it 'will help rather than hinder this rational use of Sunday to understand that we keep it as we do rather for our own good than for the sake of pleasing God." Mr. Edmunds's National University Bill. IF the plan which Senator Edmunds pro-poses seems weak, the weakness must not be laid upon him. It is innate and essential in the scheme itself. The government of the university is to be vested in a Board of Regents consisting of the President, the Chief Justice, the Cabinet ex-officio, and twelve members appointed by a concurrent resolution of Congress. Of course, the ex-Officio  members would have little or no time to take part in the government of the University. Their duties to the Gov-ernment of the United States would -be enough to- occupy their time. The other members would, probably, be appointed with regard to their politics rather than their attainments. The patronage of an institution with an endowment of $5,000, 000 would be a plum not to be despised. Politics is an excellent thing, but in lit-erature, in science, in art, in learned re-search, and investigation there is no place for politics. What a queer set of pro-fessors and fellows, a national university, the creature of Congress, would be likely to turn out A whimsical part of Mr. Edmunds's bill is the provision that no sectarian doctrine or belief shall be taught or promoted in the 