54 MIMEEICAN skAN-rii NIHALA. VOL. 10, No. 7. Ireland means that the Bible as the Word of God to the individual man, is the Bible he would defend and carry forward; but the Bible as interpreted by the Catholic Church. But there are many so-called Protestants of to-day who will read the words of these prelates of the Roman Church, and take them as evidence that Rome is advancing, becoming liberalized. Yes, she is ad-vancingŠto her prey. Advancing to take the spoil. And many will read this ad-dress of Mr. Ireland and think him to be the most liberal of all Catholics. Some people seem to forget that Rome has a peculiar faculty of saying one thing and meaning another; or saying a thing that may have a double meaning; or saying a thing and meaning much more. It is in view of this latter class that we must read the address at St. Paul; for while it ostensibly holds up the Bible and Christianity and Christian civilization, it must be read with the history of Rome ever before us. It must be remembered that " Rome never changes," and that her past record is in-dorsed at the present time. Says Arch-bishop Riordan :Š The church of to-day does not deny the dogmas of the Middle Ages. She is infallible. In the teaching of truth she has never made a mistake. Her belief now is the same as her belief a thousand years ago. She never held in one century what she had to disown in the next. Protestants naturally deny this. They think that the church has been corrupted, and has taught corrupt doctrines, which she has been forced to disown. Catholics repel the accusation. Let it therefore be known to all that Rome has ever exalted tradition above the Word of GodŠthe Bible. She has con-demned the Bible to be burned, and burned it. Pope Pius VII. warned the people to "have nothing to do with Bible societies, or the Bibles they circulate." Pope Leo XII., in 1824, and Pope Pius VIII., in 1829, and Pope Gregory, in 1832 and in 1844, all issued bulls against Bible socie- ties, condemning the circulation of the Bible in the vulgar tongue. From the bull of Pius VII., I quote as follows: "Moreover, we confirm and renew the de- crees recited above, delivered in former times by apostolic authority, against the publication, distribution, reading and pos-session of the books of the Old and New Testaments translated into the vulgar tongue." And this quotation is indorsed and quoted by Gregory XVI., in his bull of 1844, and it is from this bull that it is quoted in this article. Now does Satolli or Ireland repudiate these bulls of the papal church ? They would not be good Catholics if they should. Would they give the Bible to the common people, to study and to prize as they ought ? Again, they would not be good Catholics if they did that. Then how should their words be understood ? The Bible must first be interpreted by that church before it can go to' the people, as is proved by words from the address of Mr. Ireland himself. In closing his re-marks be said:Š Away with this unchristian world, [And everything is unchristian and heretical that is outside the Catholic Church.] Give me my Bible, and my Jesus; give me my holy church in which Jesus lives, teaching me his divine truths and nurturing my soul with his divine graces; give me my Christian faith and my Christian hope; give me my Christian heaven beyond the grave. Yes; give me Jesus, his church and his Bible. With the history of Rome before us, we do not have to read between the lines to understand this utterance. It is not the Bible in the vulgar tongue that the Arch-bishop would defend from the attacks of agnostics,Šdefend it that the people might  have it to enjoy; but it is the Bible strained through the councils and decrees of the Catholic Church, which is like straining milk through a coal sack. It means the Bible misrepresented, distorted, and subverted by the fathers, bishops, and decrees of the church. The Bible, like the Constitution of the United States, is lost in the dust and mire of Roman Cath-olic perversion. Now let it be understood that it is not with Messrs. Satolli and Ireland that I have to do; but with the principles they advocate,---with the system they represent. I do not antagonize men, but false doc-trines and conclusions drawn from wrong premises. H. F. PHELPS. Terrible Revelations of Cruelty to Con-victs in Georgia. SAVANNAH, GA., Jan. 31.Š The Grand Jury, after making investigation, re-turned a sensational presentment to-day with regard to the county chain-gang, made up of petty offenders. Twenty-one men are disabled, most of them perma-nently, from fearful exposure in recent freezing weather. A number were made to break ice in the canal and work in freezing water without shoes and with nothing but their trousers to protect them. Few of the men have been brought to the hospital in this city, and seventeen, the report says, now lie on hard board beds in the convict camp wrapped in blankets, emaciated and disabled. The report con-tinues :Š The convicts in the hospitals can neither stand nor walk. They are unable to wear shoes ; they lie chained and huddled together, suffering from what, in this cli-mate, is a most .unusual affliction, but which is a slow and certain torture. Some of them will lose fingers and toes. Their feet are swollen and discolored, large gaping wounds are discharging blood and mucus, and in two or three instances the men show signs of pros-tration. Of the convicts in the city hospital one or more will lose a leg. Š New York World, Feb. 1, 1895. One can but shudder as he reads this and remembers that under the Sunday *law of Georgia, conscientious Christian men, whose only offense is working on Sunday after having kept "the Sabbath day according to the commandment," are liable to be subjected to the indignities and tortures incident to the inhuman sys-tem of leasing convicts in vogue in that State. But whether Christian men or hardened criminals are the victims, such cruelty is utterly abhorrent to every feel-ing of humanity, and the men responsible for such barbarities should be severely punished. Until such things cease we should, as a people, cease to boast of our nineteenth century civilization. Ł Ł Ł  Criticises the Encyclical. BALTIMORE, Jan. 30.Š Bishop J. A. Latand of the Reformed Episcopal Church said in speaking of the pope's recent encyc-lical: " It is a very bright and interesting pa-per, and-  many of the points it makes are good and timely. I like the conservative ground it takes in regard to labor unions, and commend most heartily its clear and strong deliverance on the subject of di-vorce. "But in reading it there were two things which struck me unpleasantly. The first was its exhibition of statecraft, of worldly  wisdom, of adroitness in the way it appeals to the merican people while addressing the Catholics in America. The other and more serious aspect of the paper as it struck me was the imperium in imperio idea which pervades it. It will not tend to allay the fears of those who are watch-ing with an anxious eye, the civil polity of the Church of Rome in this country. Its taking ground distinctly in favor of the union of Church and State, in defiance of the fundamental principles of our Govern-, ment, and in disregard of the happy results achieved in this land by their separation; its intimation of the object of Archbishop Satolli's mission to consolidate the Church of Rome in this country, and its covert plea for the establishment by the papal.  power of a legation to this nation; its re-vealing the fact that the origin and plan and purpose of the university at Wash-ington, were all carefully matured in Rome, and its urgent plea that promising young men who seem destined to hold places of power and influence in the Church in the future be sent from this country to Rome to complete their educational train-ing; its stress upon the importance of the Church's parochial schools for Catholic children, and its earnest counsels to Cath-olic laboring men to unite in societies and associations only with Catholics and under the eye of the priest, are all matters which suggest food for serious thought to those who value our liberties in this Protestant land."ŠThe Sun, Jan. 81. Taxation of Church Property. A CERTAIN Protestant bishop character-izes the proposal to tax church property as "atheistic." If it is, then those who are opposed to support of the Church by the State must be atheistic. Exemption from taxation is a price paid by the State to the Church, and those who defend it do so on the ground that the Church does a service to the State by improving so-ciety, increasing the number of honest, law-abiding citizens, and decreasing the -number of criminals and paupers. They acknowledge the compensation from the State and justify the taking of it as a quid pro quo. To us it is logically indefensi-ble, where we have a free Church in a free State. The Church ought to ask no such special favor. Its aim is to make men better and to do all the good it can. This is in pursuance of the conscientious con-viction that duty to God and man requires this measure of service, and that it ought to be rendered whether the State assists, opposes, or takes a neutral ground. We are satisfied in this country that it is for the good of the Church as well as of the State that the two should be separate, each occupying its own peculiar sphere, and that the Church being a voluntary organization, instititted for none of the purposes for which the State is organized, should pay its own way. It does not pay its own way if the State releases it from the obligations which all other property holders must assume. Hundreds of thou-sands of dollars are virtually paid by the State annually to the Church, in the form of unassessed taxes. Is this right ? Is this fair to taxpayers not personally inter-ested in churches ? Does it not compel them to pay something every year that they would not have to pay if so much church property were not exempted ? It is simply a relic of the State Church sys-tem, and it is no more atheistic to oppose 