684 AMERICAN SENTINEL. TAKING a "bird's eye view," as it were, of the con-spicuous features of political and social activity the world over, a New York daily is moved to comment as follows on the question whether nineteenth century prog-ress is really as great as it seems to be:Š "After all, what progress have we made since the Vandal invasion, or, for that matter, since Cain slew Abel? "In the Soudan the Briton and Gaul are quarreling over the land that belongs to neither, except by right of invasion and slaughter. "In the land made holy by the birth of the Son of God a young Teuton is maturing plans to seize lands not his own and to rule peoples that neither know him nor will willingly accept him when they do. "In China the powers of civilized Europe are already licking their chops in anticipation of dividing the spoil of a dismembered nation. "In our own country whites and blacks are engaged in homicidal strife. "It is the same story in all the world; the old story.  of 'might is right.' "And yet some poor fools think they can abolish war." THE Union Signal announces that "the annual con-vention of the Illinois Free Methodist Church passed res . olutions putting the conference on record as unalterably bound to support the prohibition party, thus placing it in the position of the first church to actively enter pol-itics." This is a case of church activity in politics, certainly; but that is nothing strange or new for these days. Every church which is working to establish righteousness in the earth by legal measures is of necessity actively engaged in politics. * SENATOR M. S. QUAY, for many years the most COD_ spicuous figure in Pennsylvania politics, is in trouble, being under a charge of having unlawfully appropriated State funds for his own use, for which he seems likely to be brought to trial. Ind we do not observe that any-thing is being done to help him by the party who stand for religious legislation. Have these good church people forgotten that it was Senator Quay who bore aloft the standard of Sunday legislation in Congress in 1892,Šhad the fourth commandment read by the clerk in the United States Senate in support of a proposed Sunday law for closing the World's Fair, and secured the vote of  that body in favor'of the law? Probably they have not;.7 yet from all appearances it would seem that they are noŁ  more ready to stand by Mr. Quay in his trouble than they were to stand by Congressman W. C. P. Breckin-ridge, another champion of their cause, when he was in trouble some years since. This has an appearance of base ingratitude. "EVERY question which affects the welfare of the peo--ple," says the Union Signal, "is a religious one. We do not want politics in religion, but we do need religion in politics." Not "every question which affects the welfare of the-people" can be settled by politics; and no religious fea-ture of any question can be settled by that means. "Politics in religion" is confessed to be out of place; but if politics is kept out of religion, how much religion will get into politics? We cannot see a distinction where-there is no difference. If politics is kept separate from religion, how can religion at the same time be joined with politics? This is a mystery to us. How can religion joined with politics make a different mixture from poli-tics joined with religion? We trust the whole SENTINEL family will take hold of our "special offer" which appears on the last page of this paper, and work with a will to make it a success. Religious Freedom in Colombia. AN advance step towards the establishment of reli-gious freedom has been gained in Colombia, S. A., in that the circulation of the Bible is no longer to be pro-hibited by the government. A New York religious jour-nal says:Š "The long contest with regard to the circulation of the Scriptures in the United States of Colombia seems to have been decided at last in favor of the circulation. An official decision has been received from the authorities at Bogota to the effect that the sale of the Scriptures is not prohibited by the laws of the republic; that the articles of law which the Roman Catholic clergy were trying to use give no right to the church to interfere in the commerce of books not prohibited, and that the cen-sorship prohibited is to be invoked only in the case of books for public instruction in government schools. "The contest carried on by Mr. Norwood, the agent of the American Bible Society, has been long and at times very discouraging. Repeated reports have been madeŁ by lawyers and men of education in favor of the circula-tion, but uniformly overborne by the bishops, and occa-sionally by civil authorities under the influence of theŁ bishops. At last, through an interchange of communi-cations by Mr. Norwood with the governor of Santan-der and the American minister in Bogota, this decision has been reached, which it is to be hoped will close the difficulty so far as the government is concerned, although it is not doubted that the priests will continue to oppose wherever they can." 