THE AMERICAN SENTIN81,. 77 regarded only as evidence of contumacy. Hence, too, arose the use of torture, to com-pel the heretic to confess that he entertained the heretical opinions charged upon hiM ; for only by confession and penance could he be redeemed from the sin; and we must give-the inquisitors credit for laboring often for the salvation of the soul, though by means :that were full of cruelty to the body. One of the lessons which this history has for us is that no faculty is more cruel than - that of conscience, when it is directed by self-will, not- by faith and love. Now, the Roman Catholic Church has by no means abandoned its claiM to judge of the thoughts and intents of the heart. It has by no means accepted the modern distinction between. crimes and sins, nor agreed that to man is given alone the right to judge of and punish crime, 'and that God has reserved to himself the ex-clusive jurisdiction of sins that are not crimes. 'Still less dees' it accept the Protestant dee-trineŠwhich we believe also to be clearly New Testanient doctrineŠthat the function of the 'church, is a teaching, not a ruling, function, and that the State and Church should be forever kept separate. "In no age of,  Christianity," says the "Catholic Diction-ary," "has the church had any doubt that in her'hands, and' only in hers, was the deposit of the true faith and religion placed by Jesus Christ, and that, as it is her duty to teach this to all nations, so she is bound by all practi-cal and lawful means to restrain the malice 'or madness of those who would corrupt the - message or resist the teacher." And it speci-fies the act of Paul in striking the sorcerer, Sergius Paulus, with blindness, as an evidence 'of the right -of the church to punish false doc-trine. Similarly the late Pope, Pius IX., explicitly reckons among the errors of our times the 'doctrine- that "the church has not power to Use force," and anathematizes those who deny that it possesses the authority by which it "pronounces upon what is lawful and what is not lawful," even in public and social ac-tions, or who assert that its laws "have no binding force until they have been confirmed by the sanction of the civil power." Indeed, the very existence of the confessional is a continuous claim by that church of a right and a duty to inquire into the secret thoughts and inner life of at least all its communi-cants; while its writers frankly concede that, if it no longer uses force to compel obedience to its laws, this is due, not to the want of will, hitt to the want of power. Nor is this disre-gard of the distinction between crimes and sins, and this notion that the State could be re-deemed if only the church and,  the ministry, or at least professedly Christian people, could get the control of politics, and the prayer-meetings become primaries, by any means -confined to. Roman Catholic circles. But this hint must suffice; to follow it out would take us too far from our immediate and legitimate purpose; There is no room here to write or even to suggest the history of the Inquisition. . . . It is-a; history of despotism,. inaugurated by  conscience, but carried on by greed and by ambition. It is a history of the awful results which flow from lodging despotic power in the hands of any man or class of menŠre-sults more awful the more conscientious the men are to whom it is at first intrusted. It is a history which illustrates and enforces the truth that it is not safe to lift any set of men above the laws, or to give to any set of men irresponsible power over their fellows. It is a history, not merely of the Roman Catholic Church, but of humanity, and one which in a different form might easily be repeated if ever a like power were lodged in any class, civil or ecclesiastical, Papal or Protestant. Š Christian Union, in notice of Lea's History of the Inquisition. The Pope and the Clergy. DURING the winter of 1853-54, the Senate of the United States was discussing the Nebraska Bill. A protest against the passage of that bill was sent to the Senate, signed by three thousand and fifty " clergymen " of New En-gland. This memorial called out an earnest and curious debate, as the Senators felt the full force of the "astounding fact" that here was a body of men, in this age and country, claiming that they "were authorized by the Almighty, and in his name, to pronounce an authoritative judgment upon a political ques-tion pending before the Congress of the United States." This debate on the clergymen's memorial provoked the wrath of the entire fraternity. A public meeting of twenty-five clergymen of the city of Chicago was soon held to discuss the Senate debate. This body of clergy also sent in a protest " in the name of Almighty God," and signed it " as ministers of the gos-pel of Jesus. Christ," and accompanied the protest with four resolutions. This second clergyman's protest and reso-lutions were sent to Senator S. A. Douglas, whom these clergymen boldly accused of " want of courtesy and reverence toward man and God," in his speeches on the first memo-rial. This was a grave charge for clergymen to prefer against Douglas, and it aroused the Little Giant. He replied to this charge and reviewed the debate on the memorial of the three thousand and fifty, and then paid his best respects to the protest and resolutions of the twenty-five Chicago clergymen. In pam-phlet form I have his letter, dated Washing-ton, April 6, 1854. Since reading many comments on the Pope's late rescript on the political affairs of Ireland, I have re-read the letter of Senator Douglas to Protestant clergymen in this, country, who tried to dictate to the Senators of the United States how they should vote on a political question. The claims of Leo XIII. are not any more extravagant or startling than the claims of Protestant Clergy in this age and country. Have the clergy of to-day repudi-ated the high claim of "speaking in the name and by the authority of Almighty God "? This year there have been several great as-semblies of " ministers " in New York and in  Philadelphia, and I have carefully read the reports of their proceedings, but have failed to discern that the assumption of the divine prerogative of speaking by the authority of Almighty God, has been denied. Without this sweeping prerogative, the clergy know that their words are wicked. The Chicago clergy charged that "the whole tone and spirit of the debate" on the New England clergy's memorial, was "an outrage upon the privileges of a large and respectable body of citizens," and "upon the claims of the divine name, word, and institution." They insisted on being recognized in their "office as ministers," who had lost none of their prerogatives as citizens when " called of God " to be his vice-regents. But neither the New England three thou-sand and fifty, nor the Chicago twenty-five clergymen, approached the Senate of the United States in their capacity as citizens, whose right to petition either or both houses upon any subject of public interest pending before that body, never should be denied. They declared that they came before Congress as ministers, in the name of Almighty God, to pronounce "his will upon all points of moral and religious truth." In this high character, the Government does not know them. Those New England clergymen, of different religious denominations,' in " their official characters as ministers of Almighty God, and in his name, protested against the passage of the Nebraska Bill " as a "great moral wrong;" as a matter "exposing us to righteous judg-ment of the Almighty. The Senators who objected to this protest urged that the protest was not presented in the name of citizens, or human beings, nor in the name of any human authority or civil right. Its obnoxious feature was, the signers " assumed the divine prerogative and spoke to the Senate in the name of Almighty God." This conduct was understood by-Douglas and other Senators as " asserting a divine power in the clergy of this country higher than the obligations of the Constitution, and above the sovereignty of the people and of the States," and, in virtue of this " divine power," to command Senators how to vote on any question. In the eyes of Douglas, this assertion of a divine power in the clergy, when adopted and repeated by the Chicago clergymen in their protest and resolutions on behalf of their' New England brethren, looked as if it was the "fixed and deliberate purpose" of all the clergy of different religious denomina-tions, to "force an issue upon this point [di-vine authority] with the civil and political authorities of the republic." The Chicago clergymen "removed all ob-scurity and avowed the purpose distinctly and boldly" in this resolution, sent up to the Senate of the United States:Š Resolved, That the ministry is the divinely ap-pointed institution for the declaration and enforce-ment of God's will upon all points of moral and re-ligious truth ; and that, as such, it is their duty to reprove, rebuke, and exhort, with all authority and doctrine." Has the leopard changed his spots? 