OCTOBER 31, 1895. A.AMEEIC.A.N 339 tion? Is it not plain that the same authority which can erect an institution, can also with-out blame, pull it down or set it aside? This is certainly true; and since Sunday as a reli-gious institution rests wholly upon the will and wisdom of man, we fail to see any act of impropriety, or occasion for surprise, if by the same will and authority, as represented in the present generation, this institution is changed from a day of rest and religious de-votions, to one of "popular pleasures and amusements." We are presenting the case in accordance with the logic of the bishops' position, and that of all those who observe Sunday as the " Christian sabbath." We do not want the world, or any part of it, to disregard God's holy day. No person can do this without suf-fering incalculable loss. But when we take the position that this day is the first day of the week, standing as we then do upon the will and authority of man rather than upon the Word of God, we thereby sanction the very thing which we would so earnestly seek to prevent. If we would, without inconsistency, raise our voice against Sabbath desecration, we must do so from the standpoint of the word and authority of God alone. MARYLAND'S PLEDGE OF RELIGIOUS FREE- DOM. THIS pledge or guarantee of freedom to the citizens of Maryland in the practice of reli-gion, is contained in Article 36 of the Consti-tution of 1864, which is now in force. That article declares:Š That, as it is the duty of every man to worship God in such manner as he thinks most acceptable to him, all persons are equally entitled to protection in their religious liberty; wherefore no person ought, by any law, to be molested in his person or estate on account of his religious persuasion or profession, or for his religious practice, unless under the color of religion any man shall disturb the good order, peace, or safety of the State, or shall infringe the laws of morality, or injure others in their natural, civil, or religious rights. It would seem that such a declaration as this in the fundamental law of the State should constitute a bulwark of liberty behind which the citizen might, without molestation, quietly practice that forth. of religion which his conscience might dictate, even though his practice should be at variance with that of the majority of citizens around him. Certainly a constitutional guarantee of religious freedom is a meaningless thing if its design is not to protect those in the minority; for the major-ity have the power to protect themselves. And in all cases where the minority is suffi-ciently powerful to command the respect of their opponents, such a constitutional guaran-tee of protection would doubtless be of force; but in case the minority whose privileges are in question is very weak in numbers, so as to be most in need of protection, as is true of the Seventh-day Adventists in Maryland, it seems that the constitutional guarantee is with-out any force whatever. In proof of this, we have but to cite the case of Mr. Faust, an Adventist shoemaker in Baltimore, who was arrested for working at his trade in his own house on Sunday, with closed doors, and so quietly that the arresting officer had to peep in at the window to dis-cover that any work was being done. Mr. Faust was indicted by the grand jury, and is now awaiting the summons of the trial court. The parties who instigated this persecution are themselves more worthy of indictment, according to the spirit if not the letter of the  constitutional provision under consideration; for that expressly guards against injury to any citizens "in their natural, civil, or religious rights." And the injury done in this case was no less grievous or less to be condemned because it was not done " under the color of religion." It was religious prejudice and ani-mosity that prompted the whole proceeding; and certainly no worse motive for infringing upon " natural, civil, or religious rights" could be found. It is useless to deny that the Sunday work done by Seventh-day Adventists is the direct result of their religious views. They are reli-gious people, believing in the binding obliga-tion of the Sabbath, as well as of the other precepts of God's law. Most of them, before becoming Adventists, were ob-servers of the first day of the week, and such they would doubtless be to-day did they not believe the seventh day to be the Sabbath ac-cording to the testimony of God's Word. That they now labor on the first day of the week, is in most cases due entirely to this change of religious belief. Furthermore, as the SENTINEL has often stated, the Adventists see that it is impossible to sanctify the seventh day, as the Word of God commands, without making a separation between it and the other days of the week; and to do this, according to the directions of the fourth commandment, they must make that day, and that alone, the weekly day of rest. In other words, they must rest on the seventh day and treat the first day as a working day, after the example set by the Creator. It is therefore' from the free exercise of their religion, and from that only, that their dis-regard of the first-day sabbath arises. And the fundamental law of the State guarantees to them, in common with all others, freedom and security in this respect. There is nothing in ordinary, quiet, peaceful labor that is against "the good order, peace, or safety of the State." Indeed, there is nothing that now menaces the interests of the State in this respect more than the fact that so many men are averse to honest labor, and are trying to get a living by some other means. It is obvious that we have reached a time when even a constitutional guarantee is in-adequate to afford the weak minority protec-tion in the exercise of religion against the prejudice and bigotry of the majority. And this, coming upon the end of our one hun-dred years' practice of the principle of liberty to all in the exercise of religious belief, con-stitutes a portentious and baleful sign of the times before us. HUMAN AUTHORITY AND INFALLIBILITY. THE Christian Statesman, of Oct. 19, dis-cusses the authority of the " powers that be " from what it conceives to be the Protestant stand-point, in contrast with the authority claimed by Catholics for the pope of Rome. The States-man does not believe in the doctrine of papal infallibility, or in the infallibility of any man, State, or Church; nevertheless it claims that the State, aided by the counsel of the Church, has the right to speak in enunciation of the claims of the divine law as applied to human affairs, and command obedience thereto from every citizen. Just what is to be gained by choosing a fallible State, counseled by a fallible church, as authority for determining the will of God, in preference to an " infallible" pope, the Statesman does not make clear. For our own part, if obliged to choose between the two, we would prefer the latter, since in that case, believing our authority to be infallible, we would  not be continually harassed by the fear that it might, notwithstanding the wise counsel of the fallible church, be in the wrong. We would feel that in such a matter we could not afford to run any risks. " The truly Christian State," says the Statesman, " acknowledging as it will the ultimate authority of God and its own subjec- tion to Christ and his law, will avoid many of the mistakes into which the nations of the world have almost constantly fallen. But it will give evidence in many ways of its fallibil-ity. And yet in the midst of their errors of judgment in legislative enactments and gov-ernmental administration, the 'powers that be' may claim the true authority that comes from God in all they justly do for the main-tenance of human rights." Of course what-ever is " justly " done by the State " for the maintenance of human rights" has the sanc-tion of God. He has ordained them expressly for this purpose, and there is no dispute among any persons who believe in God upon this point. But it is not true that the State has any right to speak as an interpreter of the divine will, or that any person is bound to obey it when it presumes so to do. The Statesman admits that there will be " errors of judgment in legislative enactments and governmental administration; " and this alone invalidates the Statesman's position. For when the State makes one of its " errors of judgment in leg-islative enactments," and commands its sub-jects to do that which is wrong, what course is the citizen to pursue ? Is he to yield to the law of the State, knowing that the law of God commands him otherwise ? for the law of God commands everything that is right, and pro-hibits all that is wrong. So long as the State keeps within its God-appointed sphere, confining the exercise of its power to the maintenance of human rights, no good citizen will question its authority or desire to disobey its injunctions. But when it presumes to pronounce upon questions of reli-gious duty, as set forth in God's moral law, it touches upon that concerning which no fal-lible power has any right to issue a command. The plan of salvation would be a failure without an absolutely infallible authority to which every person is to be subject upon such points, That authority is the Word of God, inter-preted by the Spirit of God, given to every person in answer to the prayer of faith. " The Spirit searcheth all things, yea, the deep things of God," and " God hath revealed them unto us by his Spirit." 1 Cor. 2:10. Wherefore it is also written, "If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God, that giveth to all men liberally and upbraideth not, and it shall be given him." James 1: 5. We are to come to God, and not to any man or or-ganization of men,Što the divine word, in-terpreted by the Spirit of God, and not to the fallible State directed by the counsel of the fallible church, for guidance in the pathway of righteousness. Every person may thus be infallibly guided in every point of moral obli-gatiohne. T  State is altogether out of her sphere in attempting to act the part of a moral guide. The very means by which the State is consti-tuted precludes it from any right in this re-spect, for the ballot, representing the opinion of the majority, can never in this wicked world where Christians are so sadly in the minority, determine the question of any per-son's fitness for the position of dictator to his fellowmen on moral questions, whether he has the " aid " of the church's counsel or not. Even were the majority of ;voters Christians, this would not help the matter, since the fallibility of human judgment would prevent 