1t41 AlviVRICAN sENtrINVt. 389 repeal of the unjust exception in the State Sabbath law, leaving provision dealers outside of its protec-tion. The staunchest manhood of the city, as far as possible, is put into the Committee on Sunday Saloons, who will seek to unite both radicals and conservatives, in compelling even saloons to respect the law. A young lawyer of ability, Mr. J. L. Secor, has been secured as secretary, in the hope that he will be salaried, and so his whole energy secured for this work, for which every other city of the rank of St. Louis supports one or more agents. This League has been thus fully described, that like organizations, formed and to be formed, may have the benefits of its practical plan of work. Such an organization is not a new society, but a realization of the proposed "federation of churches" in a very practical form, with kindred organiza-tions added. The 'editor came on a curious instance of discour-agement in connection with one of the Rest Day Leagues. The president had given up because only twelve persons came to a business meeting. Preacher that he was, he forgot that twelve men had changed not only a city, but the world. The best Law and Order League in the land has been carried on for years by four men. Ten would have saved Sodom. One subdued Nineveh. Let us not count but,  conquer. Strangely contradictory and unaccount-able as it may seem, the very next article is a paragraph headed " Religion Recog-nized but Not Enforced," in which the statement is made, in the face of the pre-vious recommendation for the appoint-ment of an inquisitorial committee to search out and report to " the Mayor, Chief of Police, Sheriff, County At-torney," etc., for indictment, those who fail to obey the civil law for the observ-ance of the religious rest on Sunday,Šthat " no religious observance of the Sab-bath is, or should be, enforced by law." If anything were lacking to complete the parallel of the initial methods of organ-ization of the mediaeval and the modern Inquisition, it is the jesuitical ability here shown of blowing hot and cold in the same breath, of affirming and denying the same thing, in different language, in the same or adjoining paragraphs. W. H. M. "Sunday in Great Britain." IN 1856, an attempt was made in the English Parliament, to have the British Museum, and National Art Gallery opened 6n Sunday. Of the discussion in Par-liament occasioned by this motion the Westminster Review, of April in that year, speaks as follows :Š The speakers in opposition to the motion, and almost every speaker was in opposition, seemed possessed by two leading convictions,Šone, that it was the duty of the Legislature to keep the people in check by forcing upon them opinions, whether true or not, which are calculated to pro-mote the cause of order; and the other, that Chris-tianity has no reality independently of positive law. The former is a relic of what was once the creed of the whole governing body in the generation that was terrified by the French Revolution. The re-action produced by that great shock cost Scotland all that her ministers of religion once possessed, and it was not very much, of a liberal, educated, and intelligent spirit: it cost England all that it necessarily costs a country to exist for nearly half a century in ignorance of political principles, and  in blindness to political facts. Religion sank to the level of an art of governing; and when it has once descended to this, it is hard to raise it. In the debate we refer to, speaker after speaker op-posed what they termed the insertion of the wedge. Opening the National Gallery might be right and proper in itself; but it was getting the wedge in. The people would lose the notion, which the speaker did not pretend to say was a true one, that Sunday was a divine institution; and if they did, who could tell how far the wedge would go ? All our institutions would break up; there would be no religion, no going to church, no influence of the clergy, no distinction between right and wrong.ŠDo the gentlemen who use this language really believe that Christianity is a true religion, and especially adapted to the wants of mankind ? If it is, surely it will make its own way; and its exist-ence can not depend on one set of person's, who think it right to go into a gallery on Sunday, being kept out by another set who think it abstractedly wrong that they should go in. The sooner we give up the whole system of Anti-Jacobin Government the better. The working-classes of our large towns are not to be dandled and coaxed into being good babies. They know too much, think too much, disbelieve too much. Who can read this without instantly recognizing its perfect likeness to the con- troversy now going on regarding the open-ing of the World's Fair on Sunday ? The same cry about the entering wedge is here, the same idea that all our institutions de-pend upon this one, and that the very dis-tinction of right and wrong can not exist independent of an enforced Sunday. What is this but publicly denying the power of godliness, and substituting for it the power of the State, or, as the Westminster Review puts it, asserting that " Christian-ity has no reality independently of positive law ?" The Review proceeds to give an account of the petitions to Parliament against the Sunday opening, and to show how they misrepresented the real public sentiment. It would seem from the account, that if the American Sabbath Union, and the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, were not in existence then, at least, their methods of work were. Indeed there was a Sunday Rest Association, for the paper says :Š At Kentish Town, a meeting was convened by the Sunday Rest Association. Lord Shaftesbury was in the chair, and proposed that the proceedings should commence with prayer. This raised an opposition. Large bodies of working men were present, and an amendment negativing the Chair-man's proposal was carried, and subsequently the meeting pledged itself to promote the opening of public institutions on Sunday. Then, as here, although the working-men very largely opposed the movement, yet it was declared to be, not in the least, a clerical movement, but all in the inter-ests of the " poor overworked laboring man." They said :Š It is scandalous that one man in a hundred who who wishes to trade should force, by fear of his competition, the ninety and nine who are other-wise disposed, to trade against their wishes. . . And yet he can always do so, if he pleases, unless the law is stringent enough to put him down easily and effectually. . . . The traders themselves are anxious not to trade but they can not help it. Lord Stanley affirmed that there were in London 50,000 persons who were compelled, on Sunday, to work against their will; and the majority of those who actually trade, are, it was said, quite in favor of a strict measure which would prevent their trading. The butchers of Clare market, for in-stance, all with only one or two exceptions, signed a petition in favor of the measure. The bill was therefore intended to secure an acknowledged pub-lic benefit, and was brought forward in the interest of the over-worked poor. Nor aid this plea, ostensibly in behalf of the laboring man, go without a reply. The paper adds :Š But numberless instances suggested themselves in which the proposed measure would bear very hardly on the comfort of the poor. Why was a man who only had a long sleep once a week, and only shaved once a week to get up so early on Sunday, that not only he but all the other customers of the barber should be shaved be-fore 9 o'clock ? Again, as Mr. Drummond in-formed the House, there are 150,000 families in London who live in a single room; it would be rather hard to compel these persons to get their Sunday's dinner on Saturday, and keep it through the night tainting the atmosphere, and becoming itself corrupted. Then there are many trades con-nected with the innocent recreation of the poor. Was the poor man in his afternoon's walk, his one holiday-walk in a dreary week, not to be allowed to buy an orange or a twist of tobacco ? The public-houses were open in the middle of the day and in the evening, why should not the confec-tioners' shops be open too ? Why should not the hungry pedestrian be able to buy a biscuit or a bun, without exposing himself to the temptation of spirituous liquors ? Again, with reference to the butchers signing a petition to be compelled to stop selling meat on Sunday, even as the bakers of Boston last year petitioned the Legis-lature of the State to stop them from sel- ling bread on Sunday, the Review says:Š That the existing Sunday legislation has a bad side, which ought most seriously to be taken into account when its praises are sung, is evident when we hear such facts as the petition of the Clare market butchers mentioned above. They were so accustomed to walk in legislative leading-strings, that they had lost all notion that there was a right thing for them to do, and that they could do it. From all we can learn of the wants and habits of the London poor, we think it a work of necessity that these butchers should open their shops during a part of Sunday. But if they do not think so, why do they not shut their shops ? They say they are afraid to shut themŠthat their neighbors would get the start of them, their custom would fall off, and they would be ruined. But thousands of Jews shut their shops on Saturday, and take their chance of ruin; why can not Christians imitate them on Sunday ? If the traders put this as a matter of conscience, let them be ruined : why should the State stand between an honest man and the sacri-fice his conscience demands of him ? But if they treat it as a matter of expediency, and calculate probabilities, we think the true answer is this. If the poor require that these shops shouldŁ be open on Sunday, it is on the whole expedient that the shops should be open, rather than that the butchers should have an entire holiday. If the poor do not, require these shops to be open, or so far as they do not require it, the probability is that no one would be ruined by closing his business premises on Sunday. Even Mr. Crafts's two pet, but conflict-ing, arguments, First, that if the Sunday is not protected by law, the manufactur-er's greed for gain, will gradually compel all artisans to labor on Sunday, and Sec-ond, that more work can be done in six days than in seven, and so that the labor- 