522 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Professor Norton on Imperialism. By what right are we murdering the people of the Philippines and devastating their homes? Is it because we paid $20,000,000 for what we could not buy? Did we pay this sum to make the people slaves to our will, or, in the glowing phrase, to compel them to submit to benevolent assimilation? Yes, we are committing this carnage for the sake of dominion, in order to compel the submission of freemen who owe us no submission, to deprive them of their independence, to enforce moral slavery upon men who have as good a right to freedom as we ourselves. And their" steadfast resistance to our oppression, which deserves the respect of every free man, is called by the hot headed popular hero of our war "an outburst of savagery," and his advice to the nation is "to resolve to, back up the President to the full in repressing this out-burst of savagery once for all." And our new Secretary of War follows up these fatuous words with the declaration that from now on the war will be prosecuted with all possible energy. . . . There will be 50,000 men in the Philippines ready for active service at the close of the rainy season, and more will be sent there if necessary. This is a George III. policy; these are Lord North words; the policy and the words of folly, of tyranny and of failure. It were better to remember the advice of that great statesman Lord Chatham, who, when in 1775 we were giving that example to the world which the Filipinos are now closely imitating, moved to address His Majesty "to withdraw the troops from Boston, in order to open the way toward a happy settlement of the dangerous troubles in America." Let the cry rise till it thunders in the ears of the Administration, "Stop this fighting!" That is the instant need, the first step toward regaining national self-respect. The next may be more difficultŠto confess our mistake, to admit that we have done wrong, and to endeavor, so far as may now be possible, to repair it. We cannot bring the dead to life, we cannot restore the desolated homes, but we can help the Filipinos to establish their independence, and we can afford them support in maintaining it. Let us charge off the twenty millions paid for the islands as a bad debt; let us charge off also more than double twenty millions which this fighting has already cost us as the price of a bitter but salutary lesson. Let us set an example of national manliness, good sense and magnanimity and of fidelity to the ideal of good-will among men. It is a magnificent opportunity to make a real advance in civilization. Shall we seize it nobly, or let it slip from our grasp, to our own lasting shame and unavailing repentance? On the issue depends the life or the death of the America which has been, which should be, the hope of mankind.ŠCharles Eliot Norton, of Harvard University, in speech at Ashfirld, Mass. Georgia's Governor Against Lynch Law. APPRECIATING the evils of lynch law, Governor Cand-ler, of Georgia, has issued to the people of that State an appeal for a united effort to suppress this baleful specie of outlawry in their midst. In this appeal Governor Candler calls attention to truths which justify the most earnest and vigorous efforts toward the end in view; truths which cannot be too widely circulated among the people of this country. He says:Š "The purity of the fair mothers and daughters of Georgia must and shall be preserved, and at the same time the lives and liberties of all of the law-abiding negroes in Georgia must and shall be protected. Arson and burglary and assassination and robbery and rape must stop, and at the same time lynch law must stop. The good of both races and the fair name of the State demand this. "The ordinary processes of the law are amply suffi-cient to punish all crimes. Our judges are pure and in-corruptible. Our juries are composed of our most intel-ligent, upright men, who seldom make mistakes. The mob often makes mistakes and the innocent are made to suffer with the guilty. It never knows where to stop, but, after punishing the guilty, drunk with the blood of one victim, it thirsts for the blood of another, and often sacrifices on the altar of vengeance those who are guilt-less of any crime. "We must away with the mob. We must re-enthrone the law. We must restore the altar of reason and tear down the altar that passion has erected. We must do this in the interest of the white men of Georgia and in the interest of the negroes of Georgia, and for the fair name of Georgia, and to protect the virtue of the women of Georgia. "Lynch law does not stop arson, norŁ murder, nor robbery, nor rape. This requires the strong power of the statute law, sustained by a healthy vigorous public sen-timent. "I would appeal to all officers of the State, civil and military, urging them to remember that the dignity and the fair name of Georgia are in their keeping. I would appeal to them to remember that they are guardians of the peace and happiness of the people of this State. It is their duty to apprehend and bring to justice all who violate the law, whether it be the negro who commits rape or the white man who kills him for the crime. The grand juries must realiZe that it is as much their duty to ferret out and return true bills against members of the mob who lynch a murderer as it is to return a true bill against the murderer himself. "I would appeal especially to the bar to bring that potent influence which the members of the profession ex-ercise in every community, to the aid of law and order, not only by discountenancing mob rule, but by aiding the courts and juries in bringing accused parties to 