THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 325 without being compelled to ask the approval of a Board of Education. Each of the two great parties stands pledged to the enactment of a compulsory education law which will resemble the present one, eliminating, however, the obnoxious provision giving to Boards of Education the right to interfere with private or parochial schools. This is the very provision of the law which THE SENTINEL criticised some two years ago. Our position then was that to give the public school boards a right to supervise private schools was in effect to make them public schools, and that it was an invasion of the sacred rights of pa-rents. THE SENTINEL was censured then for taking that position; now, however, the two great political parties are tum-bling over one another in their haste to do the very thing we said should be done. Legalized Caste. THE Government of the United States is a Government of the people in their united capacity. The "divine right" of an autocrat is not recognized here. The officers of the Government are delegates of the people and are amenable to the peo-ple for the use or abuse of their power. The citizenship of this country is made up of all nationalities and religious beliefs, and is blended upon the constitutional foundation of equal civil rights and per-fect religious freedom. No other union of discordant elements could be possible in an earthly government. No departure from this principle is possible without es-tablishing the conditions of caste, and such conditions can only be created and maintained by brute force, or by coercion, and by such compulsion on the part of pro-fessed Christians collectively, or individ-ually, as would be a repudiation of the principles upon which the propagation of Christianity was based by its divine Au-thor, who declared : " My kingdom is not of this world;" "Resist not evil;" " Love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them which despitefully use you, and persecute you." Every true Christian is Christ-like. " If any man have not the spirit of Christ, he is none of his." How then can a Chris-tian go before a magistrate and swear out a complaint against a fellow servant be-cause forsooth "he followed not us" as has been done in this last decade of this enlightened century ? It is impossible. Such an act proclaims the hypocrisy of the complainant. In the decision of the Supreme Court of the United States de-claring this NationŠChristian; and in the act of Congress enforcing a religious usage or the observance of Sunday by a potent financial consideration, this Gov-ernment has given preference to the reli-gious belief and practice of one class of religionists above others who honestly differ with them on religious issues, and has relegated such dissenters to a lower caste, although they are expected to be and are, equally with their peers, con-tributive to the support of the Govern-ment financially, politically, and physic-ally in time of war. Such an act of Gov-ernment is a practical repudiation of one of the most sacred provisions of the Consti-tutionŠreligious freedom. The intrinsic potency of this act of Con-gress, in closing the Exposition at Chi-cago, on Sunday, lies not so much in the immediate and local results of that act as in the precedent it establishes of making legislation possible upon every tenet or  usage of the dominant religionists of the country. If, at the beck of a powerful clergy, congressmen can sacrifice their own better judgment and yield to the pressure of a fanatical demand for a Sun-day law for fear of being " knifed at the polls," as has been done, it is very prob-able that the volume of legislation upon the Sabbath question and other religious usages will, unless freemen are alert, in the near future be limited only by the satiety of the clerical zealots of a corrupt and fallen Church. A. SMITH. Not To Be Entertained. THE Christian at Work has this to say of the attitude of the Catholics toward the public school question:Š In issuing a pastoral letter read from all the pul-pits of his diocese denouncing the Compulsory Ed-ucation law of that State, Bishop Jansen, of Illi-nois, takes the ultra Roman Catholic position that it is an injustice that the Roman Catholics should have to contribute to the public and the parochial schools. This, however, is only threshing the old straw over again. The simple fact isŠand it has been iterated and reiterated a thousand timesŠthe State furnishes non-sectarian education to all, for which all must pay. If the Catholics prefer one system and the Jews another, and the German Lu-therans anotherŠit matters not: it is the office of the State to furnish the facilities of public educa-tion, and for what the State supplies to all it is clear all must pay. That the children should be educated religiously goes without saying. For that office there exists the family and the Church. If, however, a religious organization prefers to estab-lish religious schools, it is no more in order that they should be relieved of their share of the school tax than that the property of a blind man should be relieved of the cost of furnishing street signs for those who do read, or that a cripple should be free of paying taxes for repairing a road over which he is unable to travel. It would seem that the public school tax is not such a great burden but that all should be willing to bear it for the good that it does in educating those who would otherwise grow up in ignorance. The Catholic proposition to divide the school funds upon sectarian lines ought never to be favorably entertained. Money raised by public taxation for school pur-poses should be expended by the State in giving instruction in the common branches of knowledge, not in imparting a knowl-edge of the dogmas of any religion, either true or false. The State has nothing to do with such questions. Flippancy. HARMLESS, impersonal satire is above any hypercritical reproof ; but flippancy of tone, or sneering at the opinions of those who differ with us on important subjects, places the sneerer in the seat of the scorner and under the condemnation of Jesus Christ (see Matt. 5 :22). Dis-cussing the divisions among Christians a recent writer uses a very common illus-tration, for example: " Is not this Quaker devout ? The churchman looks on him as an excellent man but not religious, the Baptist thinks him deficient because be has not been immersed, and the Quaker in turn doubts the religion of his honest churchly friend because he goes to ' church ' instead of to ' meeting' and listens to a priest instead of an exhorter." This is the style of a class of talkers who belittle doctrines about which other men disagree in order to exalt the importance of those doctrines of which they are special advo-cates. The quotation may correctly give the Churchman's opinion of a Quaker, but to say that immersion stands for all  the difference between the Baptist and the Quaker or any other class of Chris-tians, is untrue. Baptists are not ritual-ists as to baptism, unless they are of the denomination known as Disciples. If Christians are unable to agree with Christ Jesus that " thus it becometh us to fulfil all righteousness" by imitating their public profession of Christ with the sym-bol of death unto sin and resurrection unto righteousness and eternal life, it is at least charitable to doubt they under-stand what baptism is. The Quaker knows there is a vast deal more than the difference between listening to a priest instead of an exhorter in the distance be-tween him and the churchman. There is all the large doctrine of the inner light, the operation of the Holy Spirit, and the testimony against a hireling ministry. It argues (1) an assumption of the men-tal superiority of the person who thus emphasizes the apparent difference be-tween Christians without notice of the real difference; (2) it is calculated by its tone of ridicule to lower in the mind of the person ridiculed his belief in the real difference between Christian denomina-tions ; and thus (3) by substituting a per-sonal influence for the power of truth upon the conscience it saps the strongest foundation of character. For be it under-stood the enemy of souls is a person, an aggregate of personalities, chief of whom is Mephistopheles, the sneerer. From the pathos with which Jesus noted that woe comes from offenses he turned to the denunciation of woe against him by whom they come, the personality by which offenses are put in operation. They who would speak the truth in love will never barb the arrows of divine truth with flip- pancy or scorn. J. BOWDEN. "Justice Standeth Afar Off." THE following extract from a letter dated " Henry County Jail, Paris, Tenn., July 15," written by J. Moon, one of the persecuted Adventists, to his brother, Allen Moon, Washington, D. C., shows how the Adventists are discriminated against and singled out for a persecution for Sunday work :Š While I am writing to you, it being Sunday, there is a train load of workmen passing in the streets not thirty feet from the jail, going out to work ; and they have done so every Sunday since we have been here, and it apparently does not dis-turb any one. But if a poor Adventist takes his hoe out in his field and labors on Sunday, it dis-turbs the people for miles around. Surely " justice standeth afar off ; for truth is fallen in the streets, and equity can not enter," The first case of this kind in the State of Tennessee was that of W. H. Parker, who spent seventy-four days in the Henry County jail in 1886. At the same time James Stem, one of the four men recently imprisoned, and William Dortch, father of the J. H. Dortch re-cently imprisoned, spent three months in the same jail for doing farm work on Sun-day. In 1890 occurred the case of R. M. King in Obion County. This case was appealed first to the Supreme Court of the State; then to the Circuit Court of the United States, and finally to the United States Supreme Court, where it was suddenly terminated by the death of the defendant. " These persecutions," remarks a recent tract by the National Religious Liberty Association, " instead of destroying them-selves by their own venom, have steadily 