350 'rpm AMERICAN SENTINEL. ity and adopted as a part of the faith and practice of a large part of the Christian Church, it was brought in as a religious institution. And so it has always been religious and only so. Then to talk of it as a civil institution is the merest non-sense. And to talk of enforcing the ob-servance of the day from " economic" or " physiological " reasons without also en-forcing the religion that is in it is as absurd as it can be. And it is just as unreasonable for a Christian to favor a Sunday law as it would be for him to favor a law enforcing any other tenet of his faith. Christianity needs no human law to give it strength. It has its foundation in the words of eternal truth, and is as sure as the everlasting hills. And he who would seek civil law to uphold it, is still un-acquainted with the mighty power that is in Him who is the source of all our power. To briefly sum up the points in the above is to state that the Secular Union is in favor of Sunday laws from a civil basis; the National Religious Liberty Association, and Seventh-day Adventists, oppose all such laws. Carrying the mat-ter still farther and stating the position of the American Sabbath Union, and kindred organizations, it might be added that these have all stated their belief in a " civil" Sabbath, and that they do not want religious Sunday laws, they only want the day observed on sanitary and economic grounds. The reader can read-ily draw his conclusions in regard to who are working with the infidels. A. 0. TAIT. Non-Partisan Views. THE annual Convention of the Non-Partisan Woman's Christian Temperance Alliance, of Illinois, was recently held in the Grand Army Hall, Chicago. The report of the work of the Alliance for the past year indicated a good degree of pros-perity. In contrast with the previous action of the Wom an's Christian Temperance Union, the convention indorsed the bichloride of gold cure for drunkenness as a valuable aid in reforming drunkards whose contin-ual dissipation had resulted in a diseased condition of mind and body, to the extent of destroying will-power. The organization proposes to bend all its energies in the direction of gospel tem-perance work, and not trammel itself with numerous side issues, political and moral, Šthe rock on which the old organization split. When asked what attitude the Alliance would maintain toward compulsory Sun-day observance, Miss Lathrop, Vice-Pres-ident of the national organization, stated that she was opposed to adding that de-partment, and but few State organizations had done so. The reason she gave for op-posing it was, that inasmuch as they were,  by their Constitution, declared to be non-partisan, it would be unconstitutional to bar Seventh-day Adventists and Seventh-day Baptists from their organization, and it would be unreasonable and unjust to ask them to aid in promoting Sunday ob-servance by precept or civil legislation. State officers were elected for the ensu-ing year, and Mrs. Webster and Dr. Hen-rietta K. Morris were appointed delegates to the national Convention, to meet No-vember 10 to 13, in New York City. A. F. BALLENGER. A YEAR ago THE SENTINEL gave an account of a conference of delegates from ten different denominations, in this State, for the consideration of the question of instruction in morals in the public schools. Of the result of this conference the Chris-tian Union, of November 7, says : " The platform then adopted, and now com-mended by the committee, declares that, `for the preservation of the constitutional right thus exercised by New York State, it is proper and wise that the extent to which religious exercises be maintained in any school under the care of the State be left to the general voice of the con-stituency of such school, with strict care that no right of conscience be violated,' but that `for the interest and preserva-tion of the State, expediency demands that practical morals be taught, as an essential part of the curriculum, in every public school.' It also calls upon all good citizens to watch that the appoint-ments of school officers and teachers be governed as far as possible by their fit-ness; that suitable text-books in morals be provided, and that in every school in the State at least the ten commandments be taught. Upon the basis of this plat-form and these recommendations a ' League for Moral Instruction in Public Schools' has been formed, and will soon hold a conference on the subject some-what similar to that of last year." SYLVESTER F. SCOVIL, President of Wooster University, Ohio, said at the hearing of the American Sabbath Union before the World's Fair Commissioners at Chicago:Š The Sabbath laws are habitual in America. They are in possession. They came into possession on grounds of reason and experience. They have been in possession in the most brilliant experience of our history, and they are now controlling the country; and we ask that you shall not overthrow them, but shall again proclaim them in requiring the Columbian Exhibition to be kept closed on Sunday, the Lord's day. This is a specimen of the habitual rea-soning of National Reformers. It is upon the principle that whatever is, is right, provided it is that which they have estab-lished. They stretch the old legal axiom one point, and instead of saying "Pos-session is nine points in the law," claim that it covers ten. 1%TATIOIŁT,A,I* 1161101ms Libortil lissoGiation ICEIP ŁCtit"klE. AND VIE crt6f-Gtt FOREVL106AWg:419K  DECLARATION OF PRINGIPLE,S. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a Curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit-ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on re-ligious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and hon-orable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil gov-ernment; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the ines-timable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES: 48 BOND ST., NEW YORK CITY. 1225 T St., N. W., WASHINGTON, D. C. 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO, ILL. 12TH AND CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. 267 WEST MAIN ST., BATTLE CREEK, MICR. PRESIDENT. SECRETARY. Two National Associations. A BRIEF EXAMINATION OF THEIR PRINCIPLES. I HAVE before me the principles of two National Associations, as set forth in their Constitutions and declaration of principles. From a careful study of both I conclude that the object of each is to educate the people of this Na-tion on what they understand to be the true rela-tions of the Church and the State, as taught in the gospel of Christ, and in this way to advance the best interests of both the civil Government and true religion. It is, however, very easy to see that the principles of the two organizations are in direct conflict with each other; hence, allowing that the members of each may be equally honest in their intentions and purposes, they cannot both be right in the principles they have adopted, and the methods they advo-cate. From the Constitutions and declaration of prin-ciples of these associations I quote as follows :Š ARTICLE (ŠThis society shall be called the Na-tional Reform _Association. ARTICLE 2.Š Object.Š This society shall be to maintain existing Christian features in the Amer-ican Government, and to secure such an amend-ment to the Constitution of the United States as will indicate that this is a Christian Nation, and place all the Christian laws, institutions, and usages of our Government on an undeniable legal basis in the fundamental law of the land. ARTICLE 1.ŠName.ŠThis society shall be called the National Religious Liberty Association. ARTICLE 2.ŠThe object of this Association shall be to protect the rights of conscience; to maintain a total separation between religion and the civil Government; and by means of the platform and the" press to educate the public mind on the relations that should exist between the Church and the State. DECLARATION OF PRINCIPLES OF THE NATIONAL RE-LIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil Government and submitting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on religious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the priv-ilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and honorable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil Government, that we and our fellowŁ citizens may enjoy the inestimable bless-ings of bath religious and civil liberty. R. C. PORTER A. F. BALLENGER 