irtir AMERICAN SENTINEL. 307 And these views are set forth as the legitimate expression of public opinion in Tennessee ! That is to say, that public opinion in Tennessee upon the question of religious belief stands just where it stood in New England two hundred and fifty years ago. We are free to say, however, that we do not believe that such is public opinion in Tennessee. We are not ready, just yet, to confess that in Tennessee there has been no progress in this respect within the last two hundred and fifty years. That on the part of certain individuals there has been no such progress we freely ad-mit; but that such is the state of public opinion in that State to-day, we do de-cidedly doubt. It is in order for the press of Tennessee to speak much more plainly than it has yet done, as to whether Judge Hammond has correctly gauged public opinion, or whether he has mistaken his own views for public opinion in that State, on the question of the constitu-tional freedom of religious belief. Our readers may for themselves form an estimate of the correctness of Judge Hammond's views, so far as the Constitu-tion of Tennessee itself is concerned, by reading again the extract from that docu-ment, quoted near the beginning of this article. From these extracts, which are a cor- rect outline of the theory of the whole dictum, it is seen that in the whole range of the document, there is no recognition of any such thing as the individual free-dom of religious belief, the individual right of conscience, but of " sectarian freedom" only. The discussion of this point is reserved to our next issue. A. T. J. The Development of American Principles. OUR secular form of government is an outgrowth of the great religious revolu-tion of three centuries agoŠthe great Reformation. It was the independence of thought that was there stimulated and the self-reliance then generated that resulted in the free political system of the United States of America. Following Luther and the other Reformers, English phi-losophers and reformers developed social and political theories until the ultimate conception was the absolute freedom in-corporated in our national Constitution. Notwithstanding this fact, there are those who speak of our system as the out-growth of Galilean atheism, etc.Šblind to all the evidence that American history and American writers afford. John Adams wrote the following in his " De-fense of the Constitutions" of Government of the United States of America The English nation, for its improvements in the theory of government, has, at least, more merit with the human race than any other among the moderns. The late most beautiful and liberal speculations of many writers, in various parts of urope axe manifestly derived from English sources. Americans, too, ought forever to ac-knowledge their obligations to English writers, or rather have as good a right to indulge a pride in the recollection of them as the inhabitants of the three kingdoms. The original plantation of our country was occasioned, her continual growth has been promoted, and her present liberties have been established, by these generous theories. There have been three periods in the history of England, in which the principles of government have been anxiously studied, and very valuable productions published, which at this day, if they are not wholly forgotten in their native country, are perhaps more frequently read abroad than at home. These three periods he refers to as (1) the English Reformation, producing writers whose works set men everywhere to think-ing; (2) the Interregnum (Cromwellian period Š the Commonwealth), producing "Harrington, Milton, the Vindicice con-tra Tyrannos, and a multitude of others ;" and (3) the English Revolution, producing Sidney, Locke, Hoadley, Trenchard, Gor-don, and many others. In all these movements, the leading re-ligious thought of the times played the leading part, and, in general, developed the governmental philosophy. Especially Milton and Locke in England, and Roger Williams in America. In fact, " secular-ism " is sometimes called " the Miltonian right of schism," as by Professor Ger-vinus, indicating its Christian origin. Madison also referred it to the teach-ings of Christ, through the Reformation, which " through the genius and courage of Luther " opened up the agitation on the question of civil government and religion, making the world realize their duty to render unto Caesar that which is Caesar's, and unto God that which is God's. The greatest statesmen of the times also made the claim that American ideas were the direct outgrowth of the grand ideas for which English reformers had suffered and died. Burke, in his famous speech on " Conciliation with America," attrib-uted the American spirit to the fact that the colonists were of English descent, and "therefore not only devotedŁto liberty, but to liberty according to English ideas, and on English principles." Some in Par-liament even went so far as to call Wash-ington's army, " our army," and the prin-ciples of the colonists, " our principles." Francis Lieber, in his work " On Civil Liberty and Self-Government" (London, 1853), page 214, says :Š American liberty belongs to the great division of Anglican liberty [contradistinguished from Gal-ilean liberty]. It is founded upon the checks, guarantees, and self-government of the Anglican tribe. The trial by jury, the representative gov-ernments, the common law, self-taxation, the su-premacy of the law, publicity, the submission of the army to the Legislature, and whatever else has been enumerated, form part and parcel of our lib-erty. There are, however, features and guarantees which are peculiar to ourselves, and which, there-fore, we may say constitute American liberty. They may be summed up, perhaps, under these heads: Republican federalism, strict separation of the State from the Church, greater equality and acknowledgment of abstract right in the citizen, and a more popular or democratic cast of the whole polity." These last features, however, are but the logical outgrowth of the principles of Anglican liberty. Mr. Eben Greenough Scott, also, after summing up the successive steps of lib-erty and enlightenment following the great Reformation, in the introduction to his work, " The Development of Constitu-tional Liberty in the English Colonies of America," says :Š The United States of America, then, are results of that mighty force, which, bounding into exist-ence through the throes of the Reformation, still continues its triumphant march. Hence, the present agitators of secular-ism are simply the men who are carrying on the work of the Reformation. "Christian Laws." THOSE who are laboring for the com-pulsory observance of Sunday in this country have a great deal to say about " Christian laws." Now laws to be Chris-tian must be made and enforced in accord-ance with the example and teaching of our Saviour. But notwithstanding so much is said about " Christian laws," " Christian institutions," and " Christian usages," there is the greatest difference between the laws which these National Reformers propose shall govern the people of this Nation and the precepts of Jesus Christ. Ł There is not the slightest simi-larity in either the laws or in the way they are to be enforced. Why did not our Saviour when he be-gan his earthly ministry appeal to the law-making authorities of Rome to have them enact certain religious laws that would place Christianity upon an " un-deniable legal basis in the fundamental law* of the land " ? Why did he not spend several years of his life in securing signers to a petition for the better observance of God's holy day of rest ? Why did he not appoint the leading men of the Nation to positions in his work that he might have the influence of their names in forwarding his cause in the earth ? Why did he not have men imprisoned for Sabbath-break-ing, or some other act of immorality, by some old, forgotten law which he found still on the statute books ? There can be but one answer to these questions ; it was not our Saviour's way of working. He came to do the will of him who sent him, and that was a work of love, mercy, and long suffering. The Saviour instead of appealing to the civil law for help to establish his kingdom, plainly declares : " My kingdom is not of this world." He also tells us that the Prince of this world had nothing in him. Instead of petitioning earthly.  courts for aid, his petition ascended to the King of kings. In the long and silent hours of night he poured out his soul before his Father that men might be led by his meek and humble life to their only source of salvation. Instead of trying to attach to his work 