94 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Religion in Politics. TIlE following account we reprint from the Minneapolis Tribune of October 16, 1888. It not only shows how things are being worked in that city, but it shows that the effort of the churches to secure control of the civil power is as widespread as the churches themselves. This evil spirit seems to be in the very air, yet the mass of the people seem to be totally unconscious of it. Nor do the papers have a word to say against it, or to expose its subtle encroachments. Although the Tribune printed this as it is, not a word did it say in any way to call attention to the fact that it means nothing but the establishment of a religious despotism. When the churches can control legislation and " make "people attend churches, we should like to know how much further they would have to go before their actions would be parallel with those of the Papacy. The principle is now identical with that of the Pa-pacy, and when they secure the power, their actions will be identical. "Last spring Dr. Strong, the secretary of the Evangelical Alliance of the United States, vis-ited Minneapolis, and met with a committee of pastors who had been appointed to confer with him as to the advisability of organizing a branch of the Alliance here. Dr. Strong and the pastel's held several conferences, but in view of the summer vacation being near at hand, definite action was deferred until fall. Meanwhile Rev. D. D. MacLauren, of the Church of Immanuel, was charged with much of the arrangement. of the plans. Yesterday he reported partially at the ministers' meeting in the Young Men's Christian Association parlors. Next Monday, however, the matter will be the order of the day at this meeting, and will then take an active form. "One interesting feature of the proposed Alliance will be its prominent participation in State and municipal politics and government. This means that it will watch closely all State and city legislation. its name and upon its rec- ommendation bills will be introduced in the Legislature, and such legislation as will in-crease the penalties for violation of the Sun-day laws of Minneapolis will be especially fa-vored and pushed. For example, it is the opinion of the orthodox ministers of the city that the theaters should be closed on Sunday, and this, in particular, will be warmly fought by them. Not long ago they succeeded, by uniting, in killing Sunday baseball playing, and they are determined to do the same with Sunday theater going. At the bottom of the Evangelical Alliance is the spiritual object, which is expressed in the following words:-- " To manifest and strengthen Christian unity, to promote Christian fellowship and co-operation, to study social problems and to ap-ply to their solution principles of the gospel, and especially to reach with Christian influ-ence the entire community without interfering with the methods and polity of any of the de-nominations.' "To accomplish this object a comprehensive plan of organization has been proposed. Un-der the direction of the central Alliance, which will be governed byan executive committee and a paid secretary, ward Alliances will be organized as auxiliaries. These ward Alli-ances will embrace churches of 'the locality of all denominations, and under their direction a thorough house-to-house canvass will be made in order to ascertain the condition and needs of people, and if possible to make them at-tend churches. Charity will also be dispensed where it does not conflict with aid given by the regular charitable organizations of the city. After such a canvass has been made, it is proposed to appoint voluntary visitors. To each visitor ten families will be assigned, and he or she is to call on those families once a month regularly. For example, the system that Ł will be pursued is similar to one now in operation in the Church of Imman-uel. Visitors from that church go from house to house in the neighborhood, and report back on printed slips to the supervisor the number of families included, the number actually visited, the number who are mem-bers or not members of churches, how many Bibles have been supplied, the number of sick and needy, etc. The supervisor in turn re-ports to the Advisory Committee the aggregate of the visitor's reports. This will be the plan of the ward auxiliaries of the Evangelical Alliance, but with the complete obliteration of religious denominations. Catholics, Luth-erans, and all arc especially invited to unite in the work. No proselyting except for Chris-tians is meant to be attempted. " In view of the fact that the opinion of the Catholic clergy on the subject is not definitely known, Father Henry McGolrick was seen last evening. He said :Š " The Catholic clergy, I think, will gladly unite in this work as much as they possibly can. We have always labored quietly for the morality of the community, and we would be the last to be backward now. We are inter-ested in making people better by every means in our power.' "Rev. D. D. MacLauren, who has had most of the preparation of the scheme of the Alli-ance to do, said last evening:Š "There is no organization yet in the city of Minneapolis through which Christianity as a unit can speak. The ministers of the city believe that Christian unity is strong enough now to make itself felt in ways that churches separately have little influence. The Evangel-ical Alliance movement is a great success in Oswego, N. Y., in Brooklyn, in Baltimore, and other cities. In Minneapolis all the clergy seem to be in favor of the plan pro-posed. The Scandinavians, I can assure you, will do their part well. In a Sunday or two it is expected that nearly all the ministers of the city will announce the plan of work of the Alliance in detail from their pulpits.'" CoNscnwcE is not given to a man to instruct him in the right, but its mission is to prompt him to choose the right instead of the wrong when he is instructed as to the right. Con-science tells a man that he ought to do right, but conscience does not tell a man whatis right. ŠChristian Advocate. The Church and State, alias the Pro-hibition Party. THE election is over, but since the third party Prohibition managers say that the Prohibition campaign has but just begun, the following incident showing the character of the so-called Prohibition movement, is as timely now as ever. The evening before election one of the ed-itors of the SENTINEL was with several others in a business office in Minneapolis, when a well-dressed and intelligent looking gentle-man came in, and, after noting how many voters were present, laid upon the desk as many sealed envelopes, addressed, "To the voters." As the gentleman turned to go out, someone handed him a printed notice of a lecture that was to be delivered that evening on " Church and State." He took in the con-tents of the handbill at a glance, and, hastily assuming from the most prominent words upon it, that the lecture was to favor the union of Church and State, said : " Church and State ; that means Prohibition ; we're with you on that." The Prohibition politician was gone before anybody could disabuse his mind as to the nature of the proposed lecture on Church and State ; but those who remained received a better idea of the real object of the so-called Prohibition party, than could have been gained by a week's talk. The remark that Church and State is synonymous with Pro-hibition was so spontaneous and so hearty that it could not fail to convince all who heard it. We wished that thousands of SEN-TINEL readers could have heard it for them-selves, but this is an exact statement of the matter. Let everybody be assured that work done for party Prohibition is work done to promote the union of Church and State, and to bind the citizens of the United States in a worse slavery than was ever suffered by the negroes. We cannot any longer.in  good conscience call the third party the Prohibition party, for temperance is by no means its main issue. Chairman Dickie himself declared that all the saloons and intemperance in the land are not so great a curse as the disfranchise-ment of women. So we are justified in saying that no one who has the cause of temperance and real liberty at heart, can train with the third party. It is not a Prohibition party, birt a Church and State party, and strong opposition to it is perfectly consistent with the greatest devotion to true temperance and prohibition. THERE is a good suggestion in the follow-ing: " When in, man sets about an undertak-ing, he should first have settled these four thingsŠwhat he wants to do, why lite. wants to do it, whether he has the right to do it, and how it can best be done." MY -principal method for defeating heresy is by establishing truth. One proposes to fill a bushel with tares ; now if I can fill it first with wheat, I shall defy his attempts.ŠNewton; 