52 AIVIVRICAN StiV'friAINVL: acts, with the aid of material means; the exalted but mystic view of expiation does not belong to it; this view is that of the human soul; it can not be that of society. The principle of action which should govern society is to be found in the law of self-preservation inherent in it. This law, which is the first of all human laws, obliges the social power to maintain order, that is, to secure respect for the rights of the State, and the rights of its' members. Penal justice exists because society exists; because it is one of the attributes, one of the conditions, of its life. It needs no other title; its legitimacy rests entirely on social law. . . . Its mission is not to give a sanction to this divine law, and enforce the observance of its precepts. It con-cerns itself, and can only concern itself, with public order and social interests; it can have no other ob-ject than to maintain this order, and protect its interests. Chastisement, as has been very truly said, has no right except against crime; but to con-stitute crime in the eyes of human justice, does not suffice that moral order is disturbed; it is necessary that there should be a grievous attack upon social order, a serious breach of external peace. The transgression of God's law is sin (1 John 3 :4), and the penalty for sin is death (Rom. 6 : 23). To carry out this principle of justice in human government would, as before stated, be an assumption of divine prerogatives by an earthly power. But God reserves to himself the right of punishing infractions of his moral law. The nature of man itself asserts this. It is believed by all, who support the Bible, that man's passage to the grave does not settle his account for sin committed. They are well assured that after death comes the judgment (Heb. 9: 27), when all men, without respect of persons, will have the thoughts of their hearts made man-ifest, and will receive from God the due punishment for every sin (1 Cor. 4: 5; Bora. 2: 3-11). No one ever supposed that civil punishment for crime would end the responsibility of the culprit. So, the mur-derer, who is punished with death, does not, in that, pay the penalty for the sin of murder. His sentence to death is not for sin against God, but for crime against his fellow-creature. To admit the principle of inflicting punishment by the State as ret-ribution for moral evil, is to oblige the State to greatly enlarge its list of offenses. In other words, if it punishes for violence or fraud as a sin against God, rather than a crime against man, it obliges itself to punish for everything that is counted sin, whether it be a crime against man or not. This would be assuming infallibility, to that degree, at least, which would admit the divining of the thoughts; for even -"the thought of foolishness is sin" (Prov. 24 : 9). Since all sin is reprehensible, it would follow that, under such a regime, one would be held answerable to an earthly tribunal for every passing thought. In short, there would be no end to the ab-surdities that would follow in such a train. One of the most abominable of the brood would be the establishment, in some form, of an inquisition. For how else could one human being learn of what another is thinking ? It was done that way by the Papal Church when it controlled the State in the interest of its religious dogmas, and  why would not the same result follow now, under the same circumstances ? In past ages, when an inquisitor wished to know the thoughts of a suspect regarding the Church, all he had to do was to put his victim on the rack and torture him till, in his agony, he revealed everything. It was, of course, then legitimate to punish him for his thoughts. The Inquisition is but the natural outgrowth of such a theory. Some, however, may be inclined to con-tend that to simply make God's law a basis of civil government need not cause such extremes. But that is just what it would lead to. The moral law extends prohibi-tions to the very thoughts and intentions of individuals. The law says, "Thou shalt not covet." This forbids immod-erate desire,Š an improper operation of the mind. It further says, "Thou shalt not commit adultery." In enforcing this precept, Christ said : " I say unto you, That whosoever looketh on a woman to lust after her hath committed adultery with her already in his heart" (Matt. 5 : 28). Again: "Thou shalt not kill" is -a part of the divine law, yet the inspired apostle, referring to it, says: " Whosoever hateth his brother is a murderer" (1 John 3 :15). It is plain, from these references, that conformity to the moral law requires pu-rity of thought. Anything short of this is sin. Now, if the civil power were to attempt to make that law the basis of pun-ishment to be inflicted on offenders, it must punish for every improper operation of the mind, whether overt wrong actions follow or not. True, God can punish for these things, and will, if the offender does not avail himself of the means of grace offered to expiate them; for God's authority over men extends beyond this life, even to the eternal judgment. But human law must stop far short of this, inasmuch as all the conditions upon which it operates are greatly modified. It has only the power that human 'force can give it, and can therefore only view the outward actions. It knows nothing of the state of the mind, because that is only understood by the inner consciousness of the individual. A man may, therefore, hate his neighbor, wickedly desire his friend's possessions, or think impurely of a woman, but so long as these matters are confined to the thoughts, the State can not punish him, sinner though he be, in the sight of God, for the reason that the State has no means of detecting the sin. But if one is led to attempt injury to the subject of his hatred, either in person or reputation, the State properly punishes that. Let his covetousness betray him into theft, and the result is the same. Or if, failing to restrain his impure thoughts, he offers' insult to a woman, the State justly applies the penalty. And yet, for none of these offenses is the sentence ren-dered because of immorality, but for in-civility,Š not for sin, but for crime. J. 0. CORLISS. Queer Resolutions for Christians. AT a recent State meeting of the Indi- ana division of the American Sabbath Union, among others the following reso- lutions were passed :Š Resolved, That we view with alarm the growing' tendency to eliminate from the first day of the' week all that is sacred and to make it a day of com-mon labor and amusement, and especially do we' deprecate the secularizing of the day by members,  of the church. Resolved, That we earnestly recommend to all: workingmen that they co-operate with all properŁ  efforts to secure for themselves and their families,.  the Lord's day, as a day of freedom from unneces-sary toil. Resolved, That Christian ministers and laymen should not be entangled with Sabbath-breaking corporations (such as railways, street-car compa-nies, newspapers, etc.) by owning stock in the same, thus reaping a harvest from the Sunday toil of the laboring classes. One of the strong points set forth by many of the leaders of the American Sab-bath Union, is the necessity of securing a "civil Sabbath." It is hard to conceive just how anything that is a purely religious institution can, also, at the same time be quite as fully civil. But our Sunday-law friends tell us that we must have a " civil Sabbath " enforced by civil law. Now if they make a " civil Sunday" by law, will not that very act secularize the day ? For are not civil things secular ? Then why deplore the " secularizing " of the day when the very leaders of the move-ment are trying to secure a " civil " rest day, which could not be anything but secular ? But note the fact that it is the mem-bers of churches who are complained against as casting their influence toward secularizing the day. And again, the last resolution quoted charges even " Chris-tian ministers," as well as laymen, with accepting profits from Sunday toil. Since the various auxiliaries of the American Sabbath Union, in so many of their meet-ings, find it necessary to speak and re-solve against ministers and church mem-bers for failing to observe Sunday, it must be that they find much that they consider wrong in this respect. And where is the consistency of asking a civil law to compel Sunday observance, when those who pro-fess to believe it do not keep it themselves ? If the ministers and people who are thus laboring to secure the compulsory observ-ance of Sunday, would only study their Bibles more closely they would find that law does not make men better. We may have the best laws that can be devised, and hope thereby to make men moral, but the power of Christ alone is able to give ability to the individual to conform to moral precepts; and laws looking to-ward the enforcing of morals, only furnish an opportunity for malicious men; under the guise of Christianity, to oppose their fellow-men who do not be-lieve with them. The records of the cen-turies attest this fact, and there is no evading it. The State should make and 