370 A.IMPTARICA.N SEIVE9EN314 VOL. 11, NO. 47. tional religion. In arriving at national athe-ism, every step that was taken in the National Assembly, was logically derived from propo-sitions that had been laid down by the church. Every argument offered was but the legiti-mate extension of the arguments already in print on behalf of the national religion. For instance, it had always been argued, and was then argued, by the church, that the exclusive establishment and maintenance of that particular religion as the only Christian-ity, was essential to the, welfare of the State: and that it was the province of the State, of its own motion by an official act to establish this religion for its own good. The church had long declared in behalf of the exclusive establishment of that religion, that " it can-not be doubted that it belongs to the prince to require of full right that which is necessary to the State." Upon this it was argued in the Revolution that, As this religion had been established and maintained for the good of the State, and the event had demonstrated that it was the greatest evil' of the State; as it undoubt-edly belonged to the State itself to require of full right that which is necessary to the State; as it was now undoubtedly necessary to the State that it be relieved of this great evil; it followed conclusively that the State had full right to repudiate the whole religious estab-lishment. The full right to establish religion, or to do any other thing, for the welfare of the State, remains the full right to repudiate that religion, or to undo whatever may have been done, when it is found to be working evil instead of good to the State. There was no escape from this conclusion. Holding what had been taught to them by the churoh, that "Tkie church is inthetState, the State is not in the church," they declared, " We are a National Convention: we have assuredly the right to change religion"Šmeaning the religion of the State. " The State used its right to suppress a corporation which had no longer a place in the new so-ciety." Bear in mind that this national religion was held by all there to 'be Christianity, and when this was repudiated, it was intended to be,  the repudiation of Christianity; and when that was repudiated there was nothing left to them but national atheism. The only re-ligion they had then to guide them was the religion of reason; the only god the god of reason. Thus, " The boldest measures of the French Revolution in regard to the church, were justified beforehand from the paint of view of the purest monarchical tradition." It "was only a rigorous application of the maxims of the ancient monarchy. It was simply Gallicanism to the utmost." " It is well to remind the detractors of the French Revolution, that the National Assem-bly in this radical measure only imbibed the principles of the ancient French Monarchy." (De Pressense, " The Church and the French Revolution.") And these principles of the ancient French monarchy were derived alto- gether from the national religion. " The representatives of the ancient society . . im-agined that the very foundations had' been removed, whereas the maxims of their fathers were being turned against them." And now, just now, there is a national combination of religionists, determined to fasten upon the United States their religion as the national religion. It is proposed by them that the State needs this, and must do it by national acts for its own good. As cer-tainly as they succeed in this, so certainly it  will soon be found that instead of being for the good of the nation it is the-  greatest evil that ever befell the nation, and inevitably threatens only the ruin of the nation. Then a demand will be made that for the goOd of the nation this religion shall be officially re-pudiated by the nation as such. Bear in mind also that this religion is now proposed to the nation for adoption as Chris-tianity. It is not Christianity, but it is pro-posed as essentially and only Christianity. When adopted it will be adopted as Christian-ity; and when found necessary to be repudi-ated it will be treated still as Christianity. And intentionally to repudiate Christianity, even though this be brought about through apostate and false Christianity, is to land in atheism. And for the national authority to do this, is to land in national atheism. This is as certain now as it was before. And thus this nation, by encouraging this proposed national religion will throw itself, as did France, into the terrible strait between the curse of a religious despotism working only certain ruin, and the curse of a national atheism which can work nothing less. Will the people, will Congress, will the nation, take warning in time ? And Ł by keeping themselves clear of all semblance of recogni-tion of a national religion, will they do all in their power to enable this nation to escape the ruin which is but the logical result of the establishment of an exclusive national re-ligion ? "To this day the problem entered upon in 1789 is still before us."ŠDe Pressense. The French Revolution and the United States Government began in the same year. In the year 1789, and becairse of genuine respect to Christianity, the United States rejected all semblance of national religion, holding that no national religion is Chris-tianity. Thus in the Constitution of the United States was embodied the very princi-ple announced by Jesus Christ for earthly government, when he said, " My kingdom is not of this world; " " Render unto Csar the things that are Csar's, and unto God the things that are God's;" "If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not." In the year 1789, began the French Revo-lutionŠthe inevitable logic of an exclusive national religionŠan attempt of the French nation to relieve itself of the unbearable curse which had been put upon it in the exclusive establishment of a national religion. This religion was held to be Christianity, and be-cause of its abominable practices and unbear-able oppression, was hated and repudiated, and the nation was plunged into national atheism as the only escape. Thus in these two nations in the same year God set before the world those two all-important lessons as to the right way and the wrong way. These lessons have been before the nations ever since for their instruction. By the example of the United States the other nations were led gradually but con-stantly, in the right way. But now, against Scripture, against the Constitution and every fundamental principle of the United States, against blessed experience, and in the very face of the terrible warning of the French Revolution, the allied religious forces of the United States are determined to accomplish here the establishment of an exclusive na-tional religion. Is it possible that the American people will allow themselves and the national power thus to be carried captive to error that cannot possibly mean anything but ruin! NATIONAL REFORM AT THE NATIONAL CAPITOL. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL was established in 1886 to expose the danger of there being fastened upon the country the papal principle of the union of Church and State. Previous to its establishment there had been organized within the Reformed Presbyterian Church a society, called the National Reform Associa-tion. This association declared that the na-tional Constitution was an "infidel docu-ment." In order to convert this "infidel document," it was advocated "that in the written Constitution of the United States there should be unequivocal acknowledgment of Almighty God as the ultimate source of civil power and authority, the avowal of alle-giance to his Son, the Lord Jesus Christ, as the ruler of nations and the acceptance of the recorded will of God [the Bible] as the supreme rule of national action." When the AMERICAN SENTINEL first ap-peared, the religious and secular press of the 'country was opposed to the National Reform movement. It was thought to be merely a Covenanter idea that would never get beyond the Reformed Presbyterian. Church, which the Independent,, in speaking of the matter, called "the smallest of the split P's." The AMERICAN SENTINEL drawing its views from the Sure Word, declared that these prin-ciples of Church and State union would even-tually pervade all the popular denominations, and through that would seize the national power. It predicted that they would unite to force from legislators, laws enforcing cer-tain religious dogmas, especially Sunday ob-servance, upon, all the people. It is the purpose of this article to shOw that this destructive principle has gained a con-trolling influence in the councils of that gi-gantic federation of church forces, known as the United Societies of Christian Endeavor; and "Christian Endeavor," it is well known, is leading the church elements of the nation. Quotations from the "Official Report" of the Fifteenth International Christian Endeavor convention held at Washington, D. C., July 8-1'3, 1896, are here submitted, which cer-tainly make this so plain, as to be unde- niable by any one. First, is the official Christian Endeavor description of the Na-tional Reform scene at the National Capitol on "Banner Day" of their convention:Š Fifty Thousand Strong. "What a spectacle! The wide space en-closed by the East and, West wings of the National Capitol was one sea of human beings, a flowing sea, with currents and tides, with streams of humanity pouring into it from all avenues, with great bays stretching out along East Capitol Street and Delaware and Mary-land Avenues, and with three mighty waves breaking upon and covering the flights of Capitol steps." "The Capitol windows were crowded, and the crowd overflowed onto the Library grounds, and surged up on the pedesthls of statues and bases of fountains; and pushed hard on the full areas allotted to carriages. . . . And the white figure of George Washington rose serene from the midst of it all. Was the spirit of the great patriot there, rejoicing over this, the mightiest gathering of young patriots ever seen in the country he loved, or in this wide world? Never before has our Government permitted the area around the Capitol, the very heart of the na-tion, to be used for other than governmental; purposes. And, indeed, a governmental pur-pose was that since the fifty thQ4841101 Xepre- 