1#11140ilin Equal and exact. justice to all nieri, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas Jeferson. VOLUME 5. NEW YORK, AUGUST 7, 1890. NUMBER 31. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 Bose ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the Now York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. Mc KEE. IT is stated that, according to a recent ukase of the Czar, no person who is not of the Christian faith will be allowed to serve on a jury, unless by the special ap-proval of the Minister of the Interior, and of the Minister of Justice. Of course to be a Christian in Russia, means being a mem-ber of the Greek Church; what it would mean in this country, should the National Reformers be successful, remains to be seen ; probably membership in any of the so-called orthodox churches would fill the bill. AN infidel paper says : " It is hard for a Christian to be tolerant; to be just. There is somewhat in Christianity that makes its adherents bigots." This is a mistake; those who are called Christians are often bigoted and intolerant, but the spirit of true Christianity is opposed to bigotry and intolerance. The fundamental principle of Christianity is, " All things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them," and this leaves no room for bigotry and intolerance. The gospel of Christ is a gospel of peace, not a gospel of .force. Said the Saviour : " Behold, I send you forth as sheep among wolves; be ye therefore wise as serpents, and harmless as doves." Acting under the divine commission to preach the gos-pel, the apostles went forth, not appealing to human governments to compel men to accept their message, but beseeching men " by the meekness and gentleness of Christ." Said the apostle : " Now then we are ambassadors for Christ, as though God did beseech you by us; we pray you  in Christ's stead, be ye reconciled to God." The Christian who desires to go beyond these scriptures and compel men to believe, or to act as though they believed, should stop and ask if he has not himself lost the Spirit of Christ, if indeed he ever had it. " The fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness, temperance." Whoever has the Spirit of Christ will bring forth the fruits of the Spirit; and " if any man have not the Spirit of Christ he is none of his," even though he may be called by his name. Said the Saviour : " Not every one that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heaven; but he that doeth the will of my Father which is in heaven." Divine Right and Precedent. IN view of the proposed Amendment to the Constitution of the United States, making Christianity an essential part of the public-school curriculum, and also the Edmunds Bill for the establishment of a national university in which "Chris-tian theology " shall be taught, the ques-tion of the Bible in the public schools anywhere in the country is a national question. The principles involved in the Wisconsin case, therefore, are just as much national as though it were a case in a Federal court itself. We have given the Supreme Court side of this case quite fully and repeatedly in THE SENTINEL; but what some would call the other side has not been noted so fully. There has been issued by the Rev. W. H. McAtee, D. D., of Madison, Wisconsin, a pamphlet of seventy-two pages, entitled, " Must the Bible Go ? a Review of the Decision of the Supreme Court of Wis-consin in the Edgerton Bible Case," which we must notice. In the beginning of the prefatory note he says :Š No American State has ever taken the attitude toward the Christian Scriptures and the worship of Almighty God, now assumed by Wisconsin. Five have expressedly refused to do so; and in no other has the question ever been raised. This is just that much more to the  credit of the State of Wisconsin. The attitude that has been taken by this State, is the attitude that properly belongs to every State on earth. It is the attitude of the United States Governinent, the Constitution of which forbids Congress to have anything to do with religion. There is no State on earth, neither by executive, legislative, nor judicial process that has any means of discovering and deciding authoritatively-  what are " the Christian Scriptures," or who is Almighty God. There is no executive, nor legisla-tive, nor judicial power, or authority on earth that has any right to decide for anybody what system of religion that person shall study or read, or hear read; nor have the men who compose any of these departments of government any power to decide for anybody, but their own individual selves, what religion is, what " the Christian Scriptures " are, or who the Lord is. What means has any man, elected to office, of discovering after his election, what is the truth in religion, that he had not before ? The men who oppose this decision, including, we are persuaded, Mr. McAtee himself, would deny the right of any one man, in his place simply as a man Ł among men, to decide for anybody else what God it is he shall honor, or what religion it is which he shall receive. This being so in the case of men before they are elected to office, what is there in their election, or in the position to which they are elected which instantly clothes them with a power which neither they, nor those who elected them had before they were chosen to such office ? The claim that men sit-ting in Supreme Court, or in any other court on earth, or in any department of government, are clothed with such power, or authority, or right, is in principle only the old claim of the divine right of kings, and of the present claim of the infallibility of popes. It is, in principle, a claim that there is a divinity that hedges the office itself, and that he who attains to the office becomes, by that means, clothed with the divine right to act authoritatively in thja 