AMERICAN gnivrtivimiL. Vol,. 8, No. 8. repeal. Failing in this, the world is wide, and he can seek a more congenial clime. Emphatic assertion that no discrimina-tion has been made in the bringing of these cases, and no special class singled out for persecution, does not go far in the face of facts. In 1885, in the same Henry County Circuit Court, the Tennessee prec-edent was established in the case of W. H. Parker, since dead, which precedent was followed in the conviction of Robert M. King, in Obion County, and the con-viction and imprisonment last year of four of these same Adventists in Henry County. In the meantime there is no record of any others being indicted for Sunday labor, although it is well known that there is no Sunday in the year in which many do not lay themselves liable to indictment. In this last instance who were indicted in company with the eleven Adventists ? Six poor and irresponsible colored men. Any one who appreciates the status of the negro in Tennessee will understand the added ignominy it was expected to put upon the Adventists by condemning them to the chain-gang in the company of those negroes. Although the News-Banner's article was written before the trial, and the Post-Intelligencer's several articles were written after,Šand they both bear evidence of this fact,Šstill they have much in com-mon in thought and spirit. The alternative which the News-Banner gives is submis-sion, or the penitentiary and the gallows; the Post-Intelligencer graciously grants a supposititious choice between submission, securing the repeal of the law, or exile. It then breaks out again quite in the News-Banner style:Š Defamers. For the honest Adventist whose misfortune it is to live where the laws conflict with what he con-siders a part of his rights, we can have sympathy and respect, and for the decent newspapers which have criticised our Sunday laws in a spirit of can-dor and fairness we have no unkind words; but for the blue-bellied descendants of New England witch-burners, and recently imported blatherskites from the God-defying and Sabbath-breaking slums of Europe who have been defaming our people, and setting themselves up to teach us lessons in religious liberty we have supreme contempt. While our people have always been disposed to treat the Adventists as leniently as possible, we advise them that if they become the tools of these anarchists, in maligning the good name of our county and its citizens by circulating their false-hoods they will forfeit the respect shown them hitherto. This last paragraph one reads over and over again, each time with increasing be-wilderment, until one is inclined to ask with the learned lawyer in the immortal case of Pickwick vs. Bardell, " What could he have meant by that ?" How leniently have these Adventists of Ten-nessee been treated hitherto ? What re-spect has been shown them in Henry and Obion Counties ? In what regard have they who plead for the maintenance of our Constitution as it is, and of our laws as they should be established under it,Šin what regard have they become the tools of anarchists ?ŠThey who plead with the Government, national, State, and lo-cal, to avoid anarchy by clinging to the just principles of civil non-interference in religion which our fathers established. How do they malign the name of our country who are its only true lovers and patriots, begging that the good name of our country be preserved, and that it re-main true to the eternal principles of jus-tice proclaimed in its Declaration of Inde- pendence and Constitution? Are Henry and Obion Counties, Tenn., the United States, and is it malignant falsehood to quote against them the cases of record in their own courts ? There are many able lawyers, intelligent legislators, and good citizens in Tennessee who will not agree with the spirit shown by the Troy News-Banner or the Paris Post-Intelligencer. W. H. M. Extract from the Address of Rev. M. J. Savage, Before the House Com- mittee on the Columbian Exposition. IT is simply a question as to what we shall do with this one day, the first day of the week. I do not believe, gentlemen, that it is proper to say that as many peo-ple will be at liberty to see the Fair, if for twenty-six days they are denied en-trance to it, as would be if the whole time is open and free to them. It seems to me simply absurd on the face of it. There are thousands of people who would not be able to see it. I do not believe that the churches of Chicago have a right to compel people to stay out of this Fair, and wander the streets and the fields; for it is simply absurd to suppose that they all can get into the churches. They would need ten times as many churches in Chicago as now exist there, in order to accommodate the throng of people. It is not a choice of going to church or to the Fair ; and, anyway, if it were a choice, I say it is a matter of impertinency for any man, in the face of the facts and the origin and history of Sunday, to tell the people that they must come to their churches, or else be left to wander the streets or go into the saloons. The former speaker [ Rev. H. W. Cross] has made reference to the statis-tics. I think, myself, that too much has been made of the statistics that have been presented. While the statistics were being read, I felt running through my mind a quotation from the Hon. Carroll D. Wright. I do not mean it as an insult to the gentlemen here; but it struck me as being so witty and so apropos that I present it. Carroll D. Wright said that figures will not lie, but liars will figure. I do not mean, gentlemen, that these peo-ple are, consciously, liars; but when a man votes for a thing as a church mem-ber, and then votes for it as a member of the Christian Endeavor Society, and in the Sunday-school, and as a member of some temperance society, he does not make four men of himself in the process, and that ought to be remembered. And then Mrs. Washburne touched a point which I have felt very strongly, and which I know represents a grand truth. I believe, gentlemen, that the views of the majority of the people of this comlŁ try,Šif a candid and fair vote should be made,Šthat a two-thirds majority would be in favor of opening this Fair. For example, I represent a constituency of a good many thousand in the city of Boston. I have not asked a single one of them to sign a petition in favor of opening this Fair, and yet I know that I could get five thousand signatures in a week, if I were to ask them. I believe this is true of every section of this country, that the people in the country who are tolerant, who are ready to believe in the common sense and good faith of the people, and who have not this lash of their religious leaders to compel them to sign their  names to anything, are in favor of open-ing the Fair on Sunday. They have not organized, they have not presented peti-tions; but I believe that the great major-ity of the people of this country, if a test vote could be made, would be in favor of opening the Fair, at least a part of the first day of the week. I do not believe that apart from the religious motive that has been presented here, any fair-minded gentleman can pretend that the influence of this Fair on the people will be any-thing but good. Now, why should not it be open? It must be closed becauseŠof what ?ŠEither because God is going to be offended, or man is going to be injured. There can be no other reasons for closing the Fair. Now it is absurd, in the light of the facts of the Bible, taken in any way you please, to suppose that God is going to be offended. And how is man going to be injured? Why will he be injured? What could possibly injure him? Is he going to be injured by study-ing the grandest specimens of the world's art and the world's industries and the natural productions of the world? those things that in their very nature tend to lift men up out of the lower and the ani-mal into heart, into brain, into conscience, into soul,Što turn him into an admirer; to turn him into a worshiper of that which is high and true and fine. It seems to me, gentlemen, that there is not one single thing in the exhibit, to be made at the World's Fair, that is not intended to lift the observer to a higher level. And if this be true, is there anything in the nature of Sunday that should make the exhibit immoral or spiritually depressing, when it will be elevating on Monday or Saturday night? I believe, gentlemen, if this matter is carefully studied, it will be found to resolve itself purely and simply into a religious prejudiceŠprejudice, I say, because there is no biblical, no eccle-siastical, no historical basis for it, what-ever. I believe that the interests of humanity, the interests of morals, the interests of education, the interests of religion, demand that as many days as possible, this school for the poor, as well as for the rich, shall be open and free. Gentlemen, I thank you for your kind attention. Address of Mrs. Marion Foster Wash-burne Before the House Committee. MR. CHAIRMAN, Gentlemen of the Com-mittee : Yesterday I, together with the other delegates of the Chicago Women's Club had the pleasure of listening to the arguments in favor of Sunday closing. Before I attempt to make any new points, if any can be made after all this talking, it might be advisable to answer some of the arguments advanced at that time. It may seem somewhat presumptuous for one feeble woman to endeavor to reply to such able and practised speakers as were before you yesterday, if it were not for two things,Šfirst, that I am as much in ear-nest in my belief that the Sunday opening will "work for righteousness," as they are in the opposite view, and I have that courage of my convictions which is the birth-right of every American: and sec-ond, that the reverend gentlemen so kindly lessened my task for me by answer-ing so many of their own arguments. To be explicitŠthe charge of greed, of self-seeking, and of many other malicious forms of selfishness was brought against, not only Chicago, but the managers of the 