34 A.101IMIEtIC.A..1V VoL. 9, No. 5. Is it really expected that this edict will be obeyed ? Will Bourke Cochran and will Dr. Burtsell immedi-ately send to Archbishop Corrigan their copies of these three numbers of The Nineteenth Century, or of any of the Catholic papers in their possession which have reprinted the articles ? We are confused. We are puzzled. We do not know how to work out a problem in which one of the factors is, Two equals three.ŠIndependent, October 5, 1893. But, dear Independent, how can you keep from being confused and puzzled with " a problem in which one of the factors is, Two equals three," when you yourself create that factor in the problem by insisting, in the face of all mathemat-ical evidence and principle, that two does equal three ? ANY one who will give to papal '" figuring the true value of the factors that enter into all her problems, will never be either confused or puzzled. To the extent of its power the papal Inquisition is now precisely 'what it always has been. The papacy itself is to-day precisely what it always has been. " This is not fiction, it is fact." This announcement of the In-quisition demonstrates that. And if to-day the papacy had sufficient power in the United States over others than her own membership she would enforce this inqui-sitional decree upon all, "of whatsoever rank or condition," whether they be Cath-olic or not. Of course, " we have had beautiful[?] addresses in Chicago" and many other places, " from Cardinal Gib-bons and Bishop Keane and Archbishop Ireland and dozens of other distinguished and representative Catholics," and from the Independent, and the Christian at Work, and the Evangelist, and other dis-tinguished and representative " Protes-tant" papers, "telling us about the liber-ality of the pope and his sympathy with free institutions, his love for republics," etc., etc., etc. But we do not believe a single word of it all. Every word of it all is only a papal lie. "THE liberality of the pope" ! ! ! ! Yes, yes, and the " green cheese" of " the moon." " His sympathy with free insti-tutions" 1 ! ! is taffy for "broad-minded" " liberal-ideaed " " advanced " " Protes-tants." " His love for republics" ! ! Oh, yes, now we have struck it. The pope loves republics. Especially does he love the American Republic. He has actually told us so himself. He has sent Satolli over here as his personal representative, not only to tell us so again and again, but to show to us how much the pope loves the American Republic. Yes, indeed, the pope loves this Republic. There is no doubt of that. The lion loves lambs, too. And even the spider loves flies. And Pope Leo XIII. says of America and its people: " I love them, and I love their country. I have great tenderness for those who live in that land, Protestants and all."ŠChicago Herald, September 5, 1893, p. 9. AGAIN : A few weeks ago a Catholic circular, originating from Baltimore, was distributed, raising and agitating the ques-tion of the apportionment of the public school fund to the denominational schools in proportion to membership, and stating that this question would be brought before the Maryland legislature this present winter. About the same time a bill to the same purpose was framed by a Cath-olic, to be presented in the New York legislature, which is now in session. It was given out, as from Archbishop Cor- rigan, of this city, that the " Catholic authorities " were in no wise responsible for this New York bill. But, Dr. Michael Walsh, editor of the Catholic Herald, and sponsor of the bill, says that "the bill has been examined by the cardinals and clergy at Rome and is approved by them," and that it has also been submitted to and practically approved by the leading clergy and the most prominent men in the Cath- olic Church in this country." The Inde-pendent wrote to Cardinal Gibbons, ask-ing him about the Baltimore circular, and whether he or Satolli had signed it. The cardinal answered that neither he nor Satolli had signed any such circular, and further that he was "certain that no such circular has any existence except in the imagination of people ever open ,to sus- picion." As the circular had been de-scribed in the daily papers and been pub-lished in Catholic papers, the Independent, thinking there might be some "misappre-hension" on the part of the cardinal as to what its first letter meant, sent a second letter, enclosing a copy of the circular, to which the cardinal replied that it " did not emanate" from him and was not pub-lished with his " authorization," but had appeared without his " knowledge and consent." Next, the Independent sent out a letter to the archbishops and bishops of the Catholic Church in the United States, asking (1) whether it is the policy of the Catholic Church to favor the division of the public school fund ; and (2) whether they, personally, would countenance such division. In its issue of January 11, 1894, the Independent publishes the replies of thiRy bishops and archbishops to these questions. Of these thirty replies only one says plainly that he is opposed to it; two are indefinite; six are clearly evasive; while all the other twenty-one are in favor of itŠsome with conditions and others rabidly and unconditionally. And one of these gives the words of Cardinal Gibbons that : " This [Catholic] education our children cannot have in the public schools, therefore we wish to have our own schools; and as we cannot, without the help of the State, we desire a share of the public school fund to enable us to have such schools." Now, from this whole record, it is as clear as day that this Baltimore circular and this New York bill, and the agitation raised by them, are all gotten up only as " feelers" by which to test the public pulse upon this question, which is fraught with the most vital consequences to the Government and people of the United States. As it seems they have found that the time is not yet ripe for its success, they will doubtless let the matter drop for a while to be sprung again as soon as possible, and so, little by little, work the thing along till they can make it win. And yet, as plain as all this is to anybody who will see, the Independent puts forth these words on the subject :Š We should divest ourselves as far as possible of the prejudice which believes that they are in the habit of masking their real intentions and moving in myste-rious ways. BUT why do we need to present any more, or even these, evidences that the papacy is to-day the same politic, deceit-ful, crafty, "mistress of witch crafts" and " mother of abominations " that she ever was ? Why should we seek by these evi-dences to point out the willing blindness of such papers ? when we have the plain and positive statement of Cardinal Gib-bons, lately published broadcast in the  daily papers, that the papacy is to-day precisely what it always was. Here are his words:Š You must remember that the Catholic Church is the oldest institution in this country. Here, as in the old world, with the passage of time, everything else has changed. Her organization, her principles, her doc-trines, her rites, are precisely the seine to-day as they were when Columbus first landed. The forms of gov-ernment have altered, new nationalities with new cus-toms and new ideas have come. . . . But the teachings, the procedure, the forms, the structure of the Catholic Church, are identically what they were when the first Catholic priest raised the cross on American soil.ŠCatholic Times, October 21, 1893. Since Columbus first landed on Amer-ican soil the Inquisition was carried on to its fullest extent in every one of its hor-rible methods. Since that date Martin Luther and all Protestants and Protes-tantism were absolutely condemned and outlawed in the world. Since that date multitudes of Protestants have been per-secuted to death, thousands of them being burnt to death, by the "procedure" of the Catholic Church. All this terrible record of the papacy has been made since Colum-bus first landed on American soil. Car-dinal Gibbons declares that she is in all things " precisely " and " identically " the same to-day that she was then. There is not the least doubt that this is the ab-solute truth. And by the same token all these "beautiful expressions" as to the liberality of the Catholic Church, and the love of the pope for Protestants, are sheer papal lies. In view of this and the other evidences which we have now presented, which are open and apparent and known to all, what can possibly be the cause of this appar-ently willful willingness on the part of professed Protestants to make the papacy appear to be what it certainly is not, and what it says itself that it is not ? The only conceivable explanation of it that we can find is, that these professed Protes-tants have so degenerated that they have become so entirely like the papacy in structure, in aim, and in spirit, that they themselves see that they and the papacy are precisely alike; and being therefore incapable of seeing or admitting that they are wrong, they decide at once that the papacy has changed and become enlight-ened and modernized and Americanized. And the evidence upon which they con-vince themselves that this is certainly so is only that she is so exactly like them-selves that there is no perceptible differ-ence, and therefore it must be so and is so. The Scripture showed long ago that in this country there would arise a living image of the papacy, and when things have come to the pass, that the leading Protestant representatives cannot them-selves find any material difference between themselves and the papacy, it is evident that the Scripture is fulfilled. Rev. 13: 11-17. A. T. 3. For Sunday Cars in Toronto. THE fight for Sunday cars is still on in Toronto, but not on any correct principle. The following from the Toronto World of January 15, gives the situation:Š Citizens Kelly and Hendry continue to give a good 'bus service in Queen Street West. Yesterday seven 'buses were on this route and as usual did a good business. Citizen Kelly says the street is crowded with people at all hours of the day and it is no trouble at all to pick up a 'bus load of people. It takes twenty-one men and twenty-eight horses to give the service. The same number of men working electric cars, and no horses, would afford accommodation for ten times as many people. The 'buses are now a fixture, and men and horses will continuo to be used until the cars are put on. Next summer the principal argument in 