2 A.1011MaTC.A.N Vol.. 10, No 11. ordinate all political conduct to the advancement of the Roman Catholic Church. She is determined to control the common school system of our country, or to break it up and substitute for it her own parochial schools in which her rapidly-multiplying youth shall be molded to her own liking, and prepared to do without question her own authoritative bidding. Not satisfied with holding as at present the balance of power as between the two great political parties, and receiving rich pay first from one and then from the other of these parties for her united vote that is sure to turn the tide of victory whichever way it goes, she aspires to positive and absolute direct control of our national life. And the ratio of the numerical increase of her youth will with absolute certainty bring this about, if her youth are not by the maintenance of our common schools molded into true anal loyal Ameri-can citizens. And this education of her own youth is what Rome is now with all her energies setting herself to accomplish. In the final issue Romanism claims to decide all moral questions, and her " infallible " interpretation of moral law must be imposed upon the schools and upon the State itself. This is the Roman or papal principle; and its inexorable logic is the Inquisition for all who do not submit. This is the principle that now threatens the nation's right to interpret God's moral law for itself. The two systems are in their death-grapple these closing years of the nineteenth century. Our nation was born in the providence of God a Protestant nation, with the Bible as its ultimate law, and the nation itself the responsible interpreter of that law in its own proper sphere of action. Shall it continue such a nation ? Shall it retain the Bible in its schools, and train its youth,Šand all its youth,Šin whom the nation's future is bound up, to know God's Word and the duties of citizenship as taught in that Word ? Shall our legislators and judges and ex-ecutive officers and our people at large go to God's moral law or to the Roman Pontiff to know what are the rights and duties of the nation and of her citizens and subjects ? This is the conflict on one side of the great moral and political battlefield on which the con-tending forces in our national life are already en-gaged. Do we know our danger ? Are we on our guard To be aware of the danger in time is half the battle won. " The two systems" that " are in their death-grapple these closing years of the nine-teenth century " are here presented as the infallibility of the pope and the infallibility of the " nation." The papal system places the infallibility in the pope. The Christian Statesman professedly places the infallibility in " our legislators and judges and executive officers and our people at large." Both sys-tems demand an infallible interpretation of the moral law which shall be binding on all. But who shall interpret the moral law for these legislators and judges? Is each man to be left to his own private interpretation? No, indeed. The Christian Statesman and its allies will not permit this. One case will suffice to illustrate this truth. The "moral law" says, " The seventh day is the Sabbath." The Christian Statesman "interprets" this moral law to mean " the first day is the Sab-bath," and then hands this interpretation to legislators and judges with the demand that it be accepted and acted upon under penalty of political death. This the Christian States-man and its allies have done and are doing, thus actually claiming for themselves the in-fallibility they professedly claim for the nation. The death struggle now going on in this nation is therefore between the "infallibility"  of the pope and the infallibility of popish-Protestant preachers,Šbetween the " beast and his image." The true child of God will refuse to bow to the dictates of either. He will " go to God's moral law " to ascertain his duty, and will refuse to worship, by his obedience to, either the Roman Pontiff or his American image. " And the third angel followed them, saying with a loud voice, If any man worship the beast and his image, and receive his mark in his fore-head, or in his hand, the same shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God, which is poured out without mixture into the cup of his indig-nation; and he shall be tormented with fire and brimstone in the presence of the holy angels, and in the presence of the Lamb: and the smoke of their torment ascend eth up for  ever and ever: and they have no rest day nor night, who worship the beast and his image, and whosoever receiveth the mark of his name. Here is the patience of the saints: here are they that keep the commandments of God, and the faith of Jesus." Rev, 14: 9-12. CROSSING THE ABYSS. THE New York Press, in its issue of Feb-ruary 25, contained the following significant news item:Š OVATION TO A BISHOP. First Time a Catholic Clergyman Has Ad-dressed the Y. M. C. A. COLUMBUS, OHIO, Feb. 24.ŠRight Rev. John A. Watterson, bishop of the Columbus diocese, addressed a big meeting of the Y. M. C. A. to-day. As many persons as gained admission to the hall were turned away. This was the first time in its history that a Catholic clergyman had addressed a meeting under the auspices of the Y. M. C. A. The bishop was introduced by General Secretary W. T. Perkins. He spoke for an hour and a half on " Christian Citizenship," the audience being held in rapt attention and frequently breaking into applause. When the bishop advanced to the platform the ap-plause amounted to an ovation. He thanked the au-dience for its generous welcome. It showed him, he said, that it did not regard him as a bull in a china shop, and especially a papal bull in the beautiful china shop of the Y. M. C. A. The climax of his address was reached in the following passage:Š " While I am uncompromising in the matters of my faith, and inflexible in those lines of conduct which depend on the principle of faith, and while I would deserve the contempt and scorn of every right-minded man if I were recreant to my conscience in those things which I hold as truths, yet I know of no doctrine of the Catholic Church which prohibits or prevents me from working for the good of my fellowmen, no doc-trine which interferes with my allegiance to the gov-ernment and laws of my country. On the contrary, I know that the whole teaching and the whole spirit of my religion require me to be true to my country and its government, and to promote its honor by the faithful discharge of all the duties of American cit-izenship. All of you would know it, too, if you knew my religion as well as I do." Nothing is more patent to the careful ob-server than that popular Protestantism and Roman Catholicism are bridging the gulf made by the Reformation. Another fact just as evident is that this is being accomplished by compromises on the part of Protestants, while Rome is " inflexible" in holding the soul-destroying doctrines condemned by the Reformation, and in denouncing the American principle of separation of Church and State. SEVENTH-DAY ADVENTISTS.  AND SEPARA-TION OF CHURCH AND STATE. IT is now well known that Seventh-day Ad-ventists are strongly opposed to Sunday laws, but it is not generally known that this oppo-sition to religious legislation is consistently adhered to in all its bearings. It is not gen-erally known that this denomination is the first and only denomination in the United States that has officially declared in favor of the taxation of all church property. March 5, 1893, the following resolutions were adopted by their General Conference held at Battle Creek, Mich.:Š WHEREAS, In view of the separation which we be-lieve should exist between the Church and the State, it is inconsistent for the Church to receive from the State pecuniary gifts, favors, or exemptions, therefore, Resolved, That we repudiate the doctrine that church or other ecclesiastical property should be exempt from taxation, and further, Resolved, That we decidedly protest against any such exemption, and favor the repeal of such legisla-tion as grants this exemption. There are some who might charge insincer-ity on the ground that there is no danger that church property will ever be taxed and there-fore it cost the denomination no sacrifice to thus express its loyalty to principle, However, the denomination at its last Gen-eral Conference, which closed March 4th, passed a resolution that leaves no ground to doubt its sincerity. Its missionaries reported from Mashonaland, in South Africa, that the South African Land Company, chartered by the British Government with powers sim-ilar to the famous British East India Com-pany, offered to donate liberal tracts of land to representative missionaries for missionary purposes, and that a fine tract of land, num-bering twelve thousand acres, was placed at their disposal. The matter was brought be-fore the General Conference and disposed of with the following resolution which was passed unanimously, with the understanding that funds would be supplied to the missionaries with which to purchase all needed land for a mission site:Š Resolved, That we ought not as a denomination either to seek or accept from any civil government, supreme, local, or otherwise, any gift, or grant either of land, money, or other thing of value. It is evident from this that Seventh-day Adventists are sincere in their belief in the complete separation of Church and State. STRUGGLING FOR PLACE. THE Wesleyan Christian Advocate (Atlanta, Ga.), of January 30, contains the following editorial:Š Standing by His Colors. It seems that on State occasions Canada has places of honor for the dignitaries of the Catholic Church, but does not recognize Methodists, Presbyterians and others, though they represent a majority of the people there. Dr. Carman, the superintendent of Canada Methodism, declined to attend the funeral of Sir John Thompson. because of this discrimination. In expla-nation of his course, he says:Š " Personal feelings are not here to be considered foz-a moment. For myself I might well enough have accepted any place; but for the Methodist Church J must have the ground and rank to which the Method ist Church is entitled, and to which for herself and for others that church has asserted that claim. It is an affair of great political significanceŠof immense civil, social and ecclesiastical significance. It is an affair of human rights, of the resistance of ancient wrongs, of the assertion and maintenance of freedom and proper self-respect, of rejection of pompous and absurd pretensions, and of teaching other people their place and duty. The men that will submit to tyranny are cowards, and proclaim themselves base tyrants were the places changed. Possibly the time has come to set these wrong matters right, and a kind provi-dence may have given us a good occasion." This clerical struggle for " place" now raging in the United States and Canada among Protestants, brings to mind the history of the struggle of the papal bishops for place in the early centuries of Christianity. We recommend Dr. Carman and all clergy-men, both in Canada and the United States, to abandon their' struggle for first " place " at the side of the State and hasten to press close to the side of the Lord Jesus Christ. They can all have first place there, for he is " no respecter of persons." LOOKING BACKWARD. UNDER the title " Can Sunday Laws be Enforced," Rev. J. J. M'Carrell in the Christian Statesman of February 2, furnishes the following encouragement to modern "Blue Law" advocates:Š Two hundred years ago if anyone in Boston or New England in general had any doubt as to the possibility of enforcing such laws, he need only attempt to go out of town, or come into town, or walk out for an airing, or stand talking to his neighbor, on Sunday, or keep his shop open after sundown Saturday. He would be soundly and probably sorely convinced that such a thing is possible. The compulsory Sunday observance cham-pion of to-day looks back upon the palmy days of the New England theocracy with long-ing heart and wishful eye. 