111111HIll., ERICAN SENTIN "IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS. AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. ALONZO T. JONES, EDITOR. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 9, 1897. VoL. 12, No. 35. single Copy, scents. The American Sentinel is published in the interests m religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. Kir Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no tears that they will be asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Poet-office.) ALL just legislation is not for the purpose of making men do right, but of compelling them to respect human rights. Š4ŁŁ IF God had intended that men should be compelled to do right, he would have made it b-np4sible in the first place for them to do wrong. Ł-ŁtŁ Ł -44, STATUTES and decisions of courts that are not enti-tled to respect do more to produce anarchy than all the incendiary speeches that were ever uttered. IT does not belong to man to say what is morally right. Only God can tell that, and he makes it clear to each individual by his Word and his Spirit. A MAN-MADE sabbath law is a robbery upon both man and God. It robs man of his freedom of choice, and it robs God of the service which might be rendered to him through man's free choice in Sabbath-keeping. Six cannot be separated from the individual sinner. A "corporation sin" is simply the sins of its individual members. A corporation, as such, cannot sin. If it could, it could repent, and be saved, as such; and we would have in heaven the spectacle of saved corpora-tions,Ša strange sight, indeed. 4,  IT is impossible that Christians should let their light shine before men by a strict observance of Sunday, be-cause in this there is no light. The world isgetting to un-derstand the subject well enough to know that there is no  good Scriptural argument in favor of Sunday as the Sab-bath. Hence they can see in strict Sunday observance only an exhibition of fanaticism or hypocrisy. -4Ł4  WHETHER the Sabbath shall be preserved or lost, is not the question that is before the American people, or any people. The question is whether the soul shall be lost or not, and this is the question of whether an indiv-idualŠany and every individualŠshall believe on Jesus Christ for salvation. To the soul that thus believes, the Sabbath cannot be lost; and to the soul that does not believe, the Sabbath counts for nothing. Let ministers and religious workers therefore seek to have souls believe on Jesus Christ, and not to have the Sabbath "preserved" by legislation. The Science of Salvation. THE angels of God are acquainted with all the natu-ral sciences, yet they are more interested in the science of Salvation than in all the other sciences. This testifies that in the estimation of the angels, the science of salvation transcends all other sciences, and is more worthy of their attention than are all the other sciences together. The prophets were acquainted with natural science, yet the only use they ever made of this knowledge was to employ references to it as a means of making clearer to men the science of Salvation. This testifies that in their estimation the science of Salvation transcends all other sciences. Solomon was a universal scientist. He knew more of all the sciences than any other scientist knew of any one of them. For twenty years he taught the sciences to the people. Yet, after all, he sums up all in the words, "Let us hear the conclusion of the whole matter; the sum of all that bath- been said is, Fear God and keep his com-mandments; for this is the whole duty of man. For God will bring every work into judgment, with every secret thing, whether it be good or whether it be evil." 