AMERICAN SENTINEL. 21 ply. Plymouth Church, Chicago, is this year among those which have thus made Holy Matrimony a pleasing joke. One P. E. Church in Massachusetts, fired by the realistic spirit of the modern tank drama, added a vivid touch to its mock celebration of this Sacrament, by the introduc-tion of real choir boys; but an African M. E. Church in New Bedford, with native imitative genius, outshone its white competitors with a sumptuously staged burlesque of the Marlborough-Vanderbilt nuptials. These congre-gations would profit under the tutor to whom St. Paul consigned Hymenceus and Alexander." There is much more of the like in the Forum article; but this is enough to give the reader a fair idea of the general course of things in the churches throughout the country. With reference to thet'whole situation presented by this view, Dr. Hale justly and solemnly remarks:Š "A review of the entertainments of the past year affords evidence that, with dangerous rapidity, church entertainments are taking the nature of improper exhi-bitions: Ordinary buffoonery no longer draws. The more tempting attractions of the forbidden, the more spicy morsels of the variety theatre are demanded, and are being supplied. . . . " Let us be human ; let us be hearty ; let us be, as we were made, men and women; but, in Heaven's name! let us insist that when people appear in, or for the benefit of, churches, they shall keep on their proper clothes. . . The Church is not a system of theatres and music-halls. It is a divine institution with a definite, particular, and sacred office, distinct from thk of all human agencies whatsoever. It is to teach the sacredness of life, by standing for the essentially sacred side of life. Its songs are not merry glees, but litanies of human hopes and sorrows, and chants of human hearts in winged aspira-tions seeking God. "If there is in life anything pure, and virginal, and sweet,ŠGod knows it is hard enough to keep the faith that there is! where is there to be kept any place and expression for it, if what are called the houses of God are given over to immodesty.? . . . It may be too much to look for cleanliness on the professional stage; but surely it is beyond pardon that any body bearing the name of a Church of Jesus, the undefiled Nazarine, should, by a doubtful exhibition, sully the mind of any pure lad orŁ tender maiden committed to its care." PERTINENT INQUIRY. And beyond all this the inquiry is pertinent just now, When the churches of the land conduct theMselves in these pernicious ways, how can they be expected to con-duct the Government in any better way? And if they could conduct the Government in no better way than they conduct themselves, then what worse thing could befall the nation than to have the control of the Govern-ment full under the power and influence of such bodies? Less than a month- ago there.was held in Chicago a joint convention of the National Reform Association and the Christian Citizenship League. This convention was held for the purpose of devising ways and means by which the church power could most speedily gain control of the Government and the nation. One of the principal speeches of the convention was made by President Blanchard, of Wheaton College, on "How to Quicken the  National Conscience." He declared that "The churches make the conscience of the world at large." Let this be so, and what kind of a consciencewillbe that of theworld at large if it shall follow the lead of the churches as por-trayed in their own open practices before the world and for the "entertainment" of the world at large? As a plain matter of fact, the conscience of the world at large-to-day is not so benumbed, yea, is not so debased, as these church entertainments show that the conscience of the Church is. President Blanchard said further that "Nobody will say that amusements are right which the Church of Jesus Christ universally condemns." Let this be so: what then shall be said of amusements of the Church, which the world condemns, but which the Church indulges with avidity ? Thank the Lord, there are yet some faithful souls who are sighing and crying for the abominations that are done in the midst of her. But her sins are fast reaching unto heaven; and when she secures the governmental power to compel the people to drink of the wine of her fornications, her cup will be full, and God will surely re-member her iniquities. And even now the voice from heaven is calling "Come out of her, my people, that ye be not partaker's of her sins and that ye receive not of her plagues." -4-* "This know also, that in the last days perilous times shall come. For men shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to,  parents, unthankful, unholy, without natural affection, truce-breakers, false accusers, incontinent, fierce, despisers of those that are good, traitors, heady, highminded, lov-ers of pleasures more than lovers of God : having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof: from such turn away." 2 Tim..3 :1-5. 1- -11, -4 -4 THE novelist-preacher, Rev. John Watson, of EngŁ-land, who has been lately so much gazed at in this coun-try, happened in one of his sermons to mention a few things that he believes ; and now some of his admirers have caught it up and propose to make it the creed upon which Christendom shall unite. One paper, however, objects to it because "it lacks the essential quality either-for a creed or a substitute for creeds, in that it conies without any authority behind it." The truth is, that it has as much authority behind it, as any other creed ever-had at its beginning And if only its advocates could get the Government of the United States to endorse it, then it would have all the authority behind it that any other creed ever had. And if they are only persistent enough, no doubt they can bring about such an endOrse-ment, especially as the United States Government is, in the creed business anyhow. 