YS A.TOMIEZICATT VoL. 9, No. 8. nocently, though most pertinently inquires editorially, with direct reference to Satolli and the Catholic Church in the United States, "Are we cherishing a viper ?" EDITORIALLY, in the Christian States-man of October 28, 1893, Mr. Crafts asks this most pertinent question, and in this and another editorial in the Statesman of December 9, 1893, proceeds at considerable length to answer his own question in a way that is extremely interesting in view of the record which we have reproduced in the preceding notes. Everything he says of the papacy is true enough. But when his knowledge of the papacy, which is thus set forth so clearly, is set along-side of his own actions in forming alli-ances with the papacy, it fairly sets him and the National Reform combination in an attitude as iniquitous and as treacher-ous as the very papacy itself. That the people may see this as clearly as may be, we shall reproduce also as much as space will allow of this phase of the subject, that both phases may stand side by side. THE first sentence in Mr. Crafts' and the Christian Statesman's answer to the question, " Are we cherishing a viper ?" is this :Š The most powerful organized enemy, civil liberty, has ever contended against, is the papacy. True enough, Mr. Crafts; and yet, know-ing this, you formed an organized alliance with this " most powerful organized enemy of civil liberty," instead of contending against it. On a pretense of liberty, civil and religious, you yourself took the lead in forming an organized alliance with this, as you know, "most powerful organ-ized enemy of civil liberty," and you did it that you might present before Congress a united front in your united demand that our national Government should put itself in the position of the protector and de-fender of the " Christian religion " and its institutions, chiefly the Catholic Sun-day, " the American Sabbath." You suc-ceeded, and having thus " shaped legisla-tion on the principles of the true church," Rome steps in and takesŁ the superintend-envy of the cause for the future. And now, after all this, you, of all men, you raise the query, "Are we cherishing a viper ?" ! Yes, of course you are; and you were, all the time, in 1888 and 1889, in your " cor-respondence and conference " with Car-dinal Gibbons and the Catholic congress, to secure an alliance with it to influence the United States Congress to enter upon a course of religious legislation. Of course you are, and you have been, cher-ishing a viper. And by your cherishing, the viper has been warmed back into active life, and now begins to sting to death both yourselves and the Republic; and now get rid of him if you can ! MR. CRAFTS' second sentence is this :Š For over a thousand years there has not been an hour when this ecclesiastical organization was not a menace to the political liberties of the civilized world. True enough, Mr. Crafts. And this being so, what was this ecclesiastical or-ganization in that hour, December 1, 1888, when you wrote with your own hand that request to Cardinal Gibbons, the then head of this ecclesiastical organization in the United States, asking him to join you and your fellows in your demand upon Congress for a national law in behalf of religion ? This being true, what was this ecclesi- astical organization in that hour, Decem-ber 4, 1888, when Cardinal Gibbons sent his response to your letter, expressing himself as " most happy " to join you in your "laudable" work ? This being true, what was that ecclesi-astical organization in that hour, Decem-ber 13, 1888, when you stood before the Blair Committee of the United States Senate, in that magnificent Senate hall, and with your own hand and in your own words presented not only the cardinal's letter but with it and on the strength of it presented the whole solid body of this ecclesiastical organization (7,200,000) in the United States, as joined with you in your efforts to have the Government of the United States committed to the guar-dianship of religion ? According to your own words this ecclesiastical organization was, in that hour, " a menace to the polit-ical liberties of the civilized world," and therefore a menace to the political liber-ties of the Government of the United States; and you knew it. Then, what were you yourself in that hour, as you stood there as the representative of the National Reform combinationŠwhat were you and your combination, in your efforts there, in that hour, but equally with this other ecclesiastical organization and through it, " a menace to the political " and religious " liberties " of the American people and "the civilized world " ? You know that in that same hour I stood before that same Senate Committee to oppose you and your combination, including this other " ecclesiastical organization," be-cause you and it, and it through you, were at that hour a menace to the political and religious liberties of the American people, and of the civilized world. You stood there to help forward this wicked thing in its menacing purposes toward the political and religious liberties of the civ-ilized world. I stood there uncompromis-ingly to oppose it. Which was in the right ? You stood there cherishing that " viper." I stood there to keep the evil thing forever chilled into dormancy so far as our beloved land is concerned, by main-taining the principles established by our governmental fathers for this very pur-pose. If you and your combination had been doing all the time what I was doing that hour and what we have been doing all the time, would you now be raising the interesting and important query, " Are we cherishing a viper ? " Would you ? MR. CRAFTS goes on to answer his ques-tion at the following rate :Š She has organized and consummated conspiracies which have horrified all after ages, in her efforts to secure universal supremacy over mankind. . . . There is not an offense against human rights and lib-erties but may justly be charged against the papacy. Then there. is the fact that both ignorance and super-stition result from her supremacy. . . . By her half-heathenish system of Christianity she has held the millions under her authority in the greatest dark- ness, mental and spiritual. . . There is abso-,  lutely no excuse for the degraded condition of the masses in papal lands, both on this continent and in Europe ; and the only reason for it is to be found in the ecclesiastical system which has enthralled them, mind and soul. The papacy has not changed. She cannot change. The fundamental doctrines of her system forbid it. She is so constructed that she must insist on absolute supremacy over men and nations. This is all perfectly true. And yet, Mr. Crafts, you and your National Reform combination, for years sought and finally obtained, a close alliance with this "'half-heathenish system of Christianity" for wholly heathenish purposesŠfor religio-political purposes. And her principle of absolutism, which is the very life of her  ecclesiastical system, you yourself persist-ently sanctioned in your crowding all the Catholics of the country into the support of your schemes, because the cardinal had approved it. And you not only thus sanc-tioned that principle, but you confirmed it in words when you wrote and printed this The [cardinal's] letter is not equal in value to the individual signatures of the millions he represents ; but no loyal Catholic priest or paper, or person will oppose what has been thus indorsed.ŠSenate Mis. Doc. No. 43, Fiftieth Congress, 2nd Session, p. 18, note. Oh, knowing all this which you have said, and yet doing all this which you have done, it is perfectly evident that the " Christianity " which you and the Na-tional Reform combination represent, is, in every principle, as certainly half-hea-thenish as is the papal itself ? IN view of that which we have before shown as to Mr. Crafts' connection and dealings with Mr. ŁPowderly and the Knights of Labor, the following from the editorial of Dec. 9, 1893, is worth consid-ering :Š The retirement of Mr. Terence V. Powderly from the head of that great organization, " The Knights of Labor," has called forth a great deal of newspaper comment. There is one thing that has impressed us for years that seems not to have been noticed in this connection. Mr. Powderly is a Roman Catholic. Those who watched the growth and developments of the organization have not forgotten how diligently the cardinal and the bishops of the church courted it. " The grand master " did not seem adverse, either, to the advances made by these dignitaries. The blessing of a pope or the presence of a cardinal was an event in the annual meeting. It looked at one time as though "the Church" had captured the organization and might proceed to arm and drill it as she is doing with so many of her "benevolent associations." And yet being " impressed" with all this "for years," you, yourself,Mr. Crafts, spent some of those very years in drawing into alliance with your religio-political combination, Mr. Powderly and the or-ganization of which he was the head. Knowing that Mr. Powderly was a Catho-lic, that the organization of which he was the head was largely Catholic, that it was diligently courted by the cardinal and the bishops of " the Church," and that Mr. Powderly was not only " not adverse " to this courtship, but was in direct and offi-cial connection with the cardinal,Šknow-ing all this "for years " you, yourself, spent years in diligently courting this organization. So diligently did you do this that you actually went so far as to make a proposal of marriage by declaring that you had "almost decided to become a Knight of Labor " yourself, as in 1889 you made " a proposal of courtship " to the papacy itself direct in that "correspond-ence and conference" connected with the Baltimore congress. AGAIN, the editorial says :Š For some reason the world is not ready to accept the explanation the Roman Catholic Church puts on her own actions. It may be a great injustice, but it is a fact that the declarations made by the popes and car-dinals for the last few hundred years is taken at a great discount. But, Mr. Crafts, you did not make any such discount. You, yourself, received a declaration from Cardinal Gibbons that he was " most happy " to add his name to yours and others in your " laudable " en-terprise. And instead of taking it " at a great discount or any discount at all, you took it at such an infinite increase that whereas the cardinals declaration was that he added only his name, you made his one name count for 7,200,000 names. There is not any very " great discount " about that. 