THE A_NIERICA_N SENTINEL,. 315 educational and charitable institutions of a sec-tarian character shall cease. 4. We demand that all religious services now sustained l;,,y the Government shall be abolished; and especially that the use of the Bible in the public schools, whether ostensibly as a text book, or avowedly as a book of religious worship, shall be prohibited. 5. We demand that the appointment by the Pres-ident of the United States, or by the Governors of the various States, of all religious festiVals and feasts shall wholly cease. 6. We Łdemand that the judicial oath in the courts,' and in all other departments of the Gov-ernment shall be abolished, and the simple affir-mation, under the pains and penalties of perjury, shall be established in its stead. 7. We demand that all laws directly or indirectly enforcing the observance of Sunday as the Sabbath shall be repealed. 8. 'We demand that all laws looking to the en-forcement of " Christian " morality (as such) shall be abrogated, and that all laws shall be conformed to the requirements of natural morality, equal rights, and impartial liberty. 9. We demand that not only in the Constitution of the United States, but also in the practical ad-ministration of the same, no privilege or advantage shall be conceded to Christianity or any other special religion; that our entire political system. shall be founded and administered on a purely secular basis; and that whatever changes shall prove necessary to this end shall be consistently, unflinchingly and promptly made. It will' be observed that the four points to be " emphasized " by the Portsmouth Congress, are identical with demands 1, 3, 4, and 7, of Secularism, with this differ-ence, that while the seventh demand of Secularism is the repeal of " all laws di-rectly or indirectly enforcing the observ-ance of Sunday as the Sabbath," the American Secular Union demands repeal of all laws enforcing the observance of Sunday 'as a religious institution, rather than an economic one, justified by physio-logical and other secular reasons." This we regard. as quite an important difference. Sunday is, and. always was, a religious institution. It was such in the old Pagan world, and it is such now in the Christian world, and we deny the right of the State to require its observance upon any grounds whatever. True, it is regarded as a holiday by many who have no religious regard for it, or indeed for anything else, and they have a perfect right to so use that, or any other day, so far as their fellow men are concerned; but we deny the right of one portion of the community or State to fasten upon the other portion, that is upon the minority, no matter how small a 'minority it may be, the observance of Sunday, or any other day, for any reason either religious or otherwise. We do not deny the right of the State to make any day or any number of days legal holidays, leaving the individual citizen free to observe or not to observe such days just as he sees fit, as is now the case with the Fourth of July, and other holidays; but to require the observance of such days, or to forbid upon one day, actsŁ which are freely permitted on other days, is an abuse of the power of the State. The American Secular Union should lay  the ax at the root of the tree, and " de-mand that all laws directly or indirectly enforcing the observance of Sunday" upon any pretext be repealed. C. P. B. Why not Teach Sectarianism? SINCE the contest upon the question of religion in the public schools began, people talk about sectarianism as if it were something worse than small-pox or the plague. Notwithstanding this, every one of them teaches his own children sectari-anism, if he teaches them any religion at all. All definite religious doctrines are sectarian, because they are not universally received. No doctrines could be formu-lated that would be adopted by all; and as surely as they were accepted by only a a part of the people, so surely they would be sectarian in their character. A divis-ion of mankind formed upon the basis of religious doctrines held by them, consti-tutes a sect, and the doctrines which they hold are sectarian. Christianity is sec-tarianism, and it is the right kind of sectarianism, too. And as the Bible is distinctly a Christian book, it is likewise sectarian, and cannot be taught without teaching sectarianism. " But," says one, " we do not object to such sectarianism as that; we want that in the public schools; but we do not want such sectarianism as is held by the Meth-odists, the Presbyterians, or the Baptists. We do not want any sectarianism that is narrower than Christianity itself. Of course Christianity is the right kind of sectarianism, and it is that for which we are working." Now my friend, I have a question to ask. If all you have said is true, why do you belong to the Methodist Church ? Why don't you leave it and adopt Christianity instead of Methodism ? Certainly you should want the best, and if Christianity is the right kind of sectarianism and Methodism the wrong and dangerous kind, why don't you exchange and get that which is good and safe ? Or, if you are a Presbyterian, why do you not ex-change your Presbyterianism for Chris- tianity ? " Oh, but," you say, " we as a church believe that Methodism is Chris-tianity. You see Christianity has to be defined, and Methodism, Presbyterianism, etc., etc., are simply so many definitions of Christianity." Exactly, you have stated the case very plainly. But do you not see that if Christianity should be taught in the public schools, it would have to be defined ? And if a definition of Christianity constitutes sectarianism of the dangerous kind, how could Christian-ity be introduced into the public schools without introducing dangerous sectarian-ism ? Wherever Christianity goes, some defi-nition of it must go also; and that defini-tion will be just as truly sectarian as is Methodism or any other creed. If it were not sectdrian, it would not be worth having. A " non-sectarian Christianity " would be a religion so poorly defined, so loose jointed and wishy-washy, that it could be stretched in any direction to suit the ideas of even the infidel and the pagan, so that all would willingly adopt it as their own. Such a religion would not be Christianity at all, and nobody desires any such thing, or intends to have it. Those who are working for religion in the public schools intend to have some-thing that is definite, and that cannot be stretched to mean anything or nothing at all. They intend to have a new defini-tion of Christianity, which in the very nature of things cannot be accepted by all; and this new definition will be as truly sectarian as any which has preceded it, and all those who accept it will, taken together, constitute a sect. If sectarianism is a bad thing, then all the denominations had better disband and give up their sectarian definitions of Christianity, and never make any more. But if it is a good thing, they had better keep on instructing their own children in their own sectarianism at their own expense, and in their own way. But whatever they do, let'them forever cease trying to force their sectarianism upon the public schools, which are not sec- tarian. A. DELOS WESTCOTT. How Baptists View It. A CORRESPONDENT of the Christian In-dex, a Baptist paper of Atlanta, Georgia, has been criticising the position of that paper upon the educational question, and among other things, says :Š The Bible is not abolished, it cannot be, it is not even banished. . . . That the teachers can teach as much of the Bible as they please, provided they avoid dogmas upon which churches differ. To this the Index makes reply as fol-lows :Š Is he not laboring under a " strange misappre-hension " ? The Bible and all religious exercises, are prohib-ited in the public schools of Atlanta, and we think this is practically true of all the schools in Georgia. In many States the use of the Bible in the public schools is prohibited by law. This is as it should be where the children of parents who entertain every imaginable phase of religious belief assemble in the same school. A Christian has no right to force a Jew to listen to his interpretations of Scripture, neither has the Jew the right to force his interpretation of Scrip-ture upon a Christian. So, of all other denomina-tions entertaining radical differences of opinion. It is not our wish or purpose to compel the use of the Bible in the public school. As Baptists we are unalterably opposed to anything that looks like compulsion in matters of religion, or that gives the slightest countenance to the shortest step towards the union of Church and State, The Bible and religion must of necessity be ex-cluded from the public schools. Denominational schools are the only schools where the Bible can be used, and where religious instruction can be given without let or hindrance. But our correspondent says, " The teachers in the public schools can teach as much of the Bible as they please, provided they avoid the dogmas upon 