140 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. derful things, either for good or evil. One precedent in violation of law, although the law -may be stretched but very little in order to establish it, gives an argument and a starting point for a further stretch of law, for another precedent still further on. A step in a certain direction is not much and a step from that step is not much, and so on to the end. The churches have succeeded in making the first step to-ward a union of Church and State, by pre-senting physical grounds for bringing Church and State nearer together, and keeping the real motive for such a step nicely hidden and wrapped up in the cloak of deception. " Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty," and "eternal vigilance" is something Americans must exercise or their liberties will go little by little until with a perfect union of Church and State history will repeat itself on Americ.an. soil. ŠIdaho World. In Favor of Sunday. THE Archbishop of Canterbury, in re-cently presiding at the opening of the Fine Arts Exhibition in Whitechapel, a district of London mainly inhabited by the poorer classes, placed himself on record as favor-ing the opening of art galleries and mu-seums to the public on Sunday under cer-tain circumstances. The exhibition re-ferred to is intended to exercise an influ-ence in elevating and refining the dense population of a section in which few opportunities are afforded of an improv-ing and educational kind. It is kept open especially on Sunday because the great majority of the people for whose benefit it has been instituted can attend on no other day. That the privilege thus ex-tended is appreciated has been shown by the fact the number of daily visitors has been unexpectedly large, and that the at-tendance on Sunday is greater than that of all the other days of the week put to-gether. So successfully indeed has the plan worked that the free opening of other institutions of a similar character is under consideration. The Archbishop's present attitude is the more noteworthy because he formerly opposed the opening of the South Kensing-ton Museum on Sunday, though even in that case he based his objections on the ground that the distance of the museum from the districts inhabited by the work-ing people was too great to make it avail-able for them without an immense and undesirable increase in travel, traffic, and labor. The English primate is so exalted an ecclesiastical authority that his action in this instance can not fail to be influen-tial. It may even have the effect of less-ening the opposition of Col. Elliott F. Shepard to the opening of the Columbian Exposition during some portion of Sun-day, and of leading him to apprehend that everything which can be used to edu-cate, refine, and elevate men, without neglecting the opportunities and duties of religious observance, has its proper place among the sanctities and privileges of the Sabbath. The success of the Whitechapel experi-ment has been paralleled by the opening of the New York Metropolitan Art Mu-seum to the public on Sunday afternoons. It has been found there that the class of persons who can visit the museum on other days very properly absent them-selves on Sundays, while an orderly crowd of working people may be found examin- ing the treasures on exhibition there on the only day which they can spare for that purpose. In view of these and other precedents of the same sort, it seems in-evitable that when the time comes for finally determining the question as to whether or not the Exposition shall be open during some portion of SundayŠsay in. the afternoonŠthe interest and benefit of the great mass of the working people of Chicago and its vicinity will have to be duly considered.Š Washington Post. o.  Appropriation of State Funds for Sectarian Schools. IT seems that New York is not the only State in which public funds are diverted from their legitimate channels and into the coffers of denominational institutions. The following facts, taken from a circular letter sent out by C. B. Waite, President of the American Secular Union, show that the evil has attained considerable proportions in Illinois :Š Section 3 of Article VIII. of the Constitution of Illinois reads as follows:Š " Neither the General Assembly, nor any county, city, town, township, school district, or other cor-poration, shall ever make any appropriation, or pay from any public fund whatever, anything in aid of any church or sectarian purpose, or to help support or sustain any school, academy, seminary, college, university, or other literary or scientific institution, controlled by any church or sectarian denomination whatever; nor shall any grant or donation of land, money, or other personal property ever be made by the State, or any such public corporation, to any church for any sectarian purpose." In an act of the Legislature, which went into effect May 28th, 1879, provision was made for in corporating industrial schools for girls. This act provided for the commitment of dependent girls by the county court of any county to any industrial school for girls which might have been organized under that act, and authorizes and requires the county to pay the industrial school for the tuition, maintenance, and care of such dependent girls. Under this act a school was organized called "The Chicago Industrial School for Girls." Va-rious commitments were made to this institution. But the " Chicago Industrial School for Girls " had no buildings or any means for furnishing the girls either tuition, maintenance, or care. The institution existed only on paper. It received, however, nominally, all, the girls committed, but immediately sent them to two Catholic institutions, the " House of the Good Shepherd," and "St. Joseph's Orphan Asylum." In fact, the Chicago institution was a mere feeder for the other two, seven of the nine directors and incorporators being Sisters of the Good Shepherd. In the spring and summer of 1886, the county of Cook paid to these two institutions $2,314.34, it being admitted on the face of the bills rendered by the " Chicago Industrial School for Girls" that the tuition, etc., and clothing for which the money was paid, had been furnished entirely by the two Catholic institutions. About this time some good Protestants, having some regard for the Constitution of the State, must have demurred ; because the next bills of the kind which were presented, the county refused to pay. The " Chicago Industrial School for Girls " brought suit. The case was tried before Judge Tuthill, and judgment rendered for the Chicago School. The county took the case to the Supreme Court. The decision of the Supreme Court of the State will be found at page 540 of the 125th volume of the Illinois Reports. The Supreme Court reversed the decision, hold-ing that the Constitution had been plainly violated in paying money to the two Catholic institutions; that it was the duty of the State to provide for the dependent girls, and the State had no right to turn them over to sectarian institutions. The court decided also that the fact that the doctrines of a par-ticular church were taught, and that all exercises of a religious character were those of said church, would render the institution sectarian, within the meaning of the Constittition. In the face of this decision, and in the face of the Constitution, the county is still appropriating money to sectarian institutions. And the Commis-sioners do not even beat about the bush, as they did before the decision was made, but in open and shameless disregard of the Constitution, and in open defiance of the authority of the Supreme  Court, they appropriate the money of the people directly to sectarian schools. The decision was made in 1888, and published in the reports in 1889. In 1890, the Board of County Commissioners ap-propriated $40,000; in 1891, $45,000; and in 1892, $45,000. This sum was distributed as follows: To the St. Mary's Training School for Boys, at Feahanville, $12,500; to the Illinois Training School for Boys, at Glenwood, $12,500; to the Chicago Industrial School for Girls, $8,000 ; and to the Illinois Industrial School for Girls, at Evanston, $12,000. Of these, the first and the third are well known to be Catholic institutions. The other two, though not under the ostensible control of any Protestant sect, are yet Protestant institutions to all intents and purposes. They have Protestant prayers, Protest-ant Sabbath schools and Protestant teachings. Sufficient evidence that they are sectarian in-stitutions of a Protestant character, is found in the fact that their managers consent so readily to the appropriations for the Catholic schools. How is it that there were no complaints and expostulations, such as there were in 1886 and 1887 against the misappropriation of the public funds, in violation of the Constitution ?ŠBecause they get a share of the public plunder. It is an unholy religious alli-ance for the purpose of robbing the people and depleting the public treasury in disregard of all the supposed safeguards of the Constitution. Some two years ago, the Secular Union took the matter up, and had a bill in chancery filed for an injunction to pre-vent funds being paid to the Feahanville school. That case is now pending in the Supreme Court of Illinois. All opposed to a union of Church and StateŠall opposed to pious frauds of every description, and especially all op-posed to open violations of the Constitu-tion, in the supposed interests of religion or of education, are called upon to assist in putting a stop to such practices. A Presbyterian Minister on Religious Liberty. THE Rochester (N. Y.) Herald, of April 11, prints the following synopsis of a sermon delivered on the previous Sunday, by Rev. Dr. Nelson Millard, Pastor of the First Presbyterian Church of that city :Š " Religious Liberty and the Civil Power" was the subject of the morning address and the preacher aptly chose his text from the twenty-first verse of the twenty-second chapter of Matthew : " Ren-der therefore unto Caesar the things which are Cansar's ; and unto God the things that are God's." In the course of his sermon Dr. Millard said : " We are living in the enjoyment of many privileges, the possession of which'  seems as natural and as much a matter of course to us as our use of the sunlight and the air. One of these privileges is the right to private judgment in religion, the right to worship according to the dictates of our own consciences without molesta-tion or violence from others; that right to the average American seems like an axiom; but it is only a little while ago that this right of private judgment in re-ligion was regarded as the very height of absurdity. It was then the universal opinion that governments had not only the right but were under the bounden duty to coerce their subjects into uniformity of belief and worship. The monarch was regarded as not only the temporal but the spiritual head of the State; and through a thousand mediaeval years both State and Church repudiated the right of private judgment in religion and at once believed in and practiced persecution. " This seems strange when we remem-ber that Paul in the fourteenth chapter of Romans had laid down with a luminous- 