THE A.MERICA_N SENTINEL. 71 is that of a bad religion and a bad government at the same time, each being harmed by the other. Let it be remembered that the govern-ments of the world have almost always been wrong on the subject of religion; that the ma-jority of them have been opposed to the religion of the Bible, and quite often persecuted it; that they have generally used religion for selfish and ambitious purposes; that by uniting it with the State they have corrupted both; and that, for a rule, their religious propagandism has been mainly that of error, rather than truth. These facts prove most conclusively that civil government is a failure when it attempts to administer and regulate religion; and, hence, in the interests of pure religion, as well as those of good government, every Christian, every states-man, and every citizen should protest against any theory that carries even a single drop of State religion in its veins. We cannot import rulers from the skies or impart to earthly rulers the inspiration and infallibility of the skies. Gov-ernments must be managed by men; and, if historyhietory proves anything, it proves that men are very poor managers when they exercise the civil power in relation to religion. Their posi-tions make them despots in theory, and in practice they often become demons incarnate, treading under foot the rights of conscience with a ferocity as reckless as it is cruel. The theory which unites government and re-ligion and makes the latter one of the ends to be pursued by the former, if good at all, is equally good for all governmentsŠfor " the powers that be" in Turkey, Japan, and China, as really as for those of these United States. Apply the theory in China, and it means State power employed to sustain, propagate, and en-force Buddhism and idolatry. Apply it in Tur-key, and it means the same power thus employed in the intersts of Mohammedanism. It so hap-Tens that the world is fruitful in religious sys-tems; and, unless we adopt the doctrine that all these systems are equally true or equally false, the theory, as thus applied, would lead to the most opposite results, and entirely confound the distinction between the true and the false. If when applied to Christianity it would promote the truth, it would, with equal certainty, pro-Mote the grossest superstition and error when applied to Paganism. A change of circum-stances often gives one a view of things other-wise not so readily taken. Let us then suppose a' Protestant to transfer his residence to China and to become subject to the government of that country. While in this country, we will further suppose, he belonged to the class demanding that religion shall be included in the educational regime of the public schools, and was horified at the idea of not having. King James's version of the sacred Scriptures read in these schools for religious purposes. How does he reason when the prin- ciple comes to be applied to him in China? The Chinese Emperor agrees with him in his principle, and proposes to tax him, not to sup- port and teach Protestant Christianity, but to support and teach the religion of China, which he regards as an abominable idolatry. This would probably open his eyes to the nature of-hie own doctrine, Yet, if it is the right of  one government to enter the province of things spiritual, and tax the people to support and propagate religion, then it is the right of all governments to do so. The principle, if valid at all, is just as valid for Paganism as it is for Christianity, for idol-atry as it is for the purest worship, for the most superstitious form of Roman Catholicism as it is for the most enlightened Protestantism. No Protestant would ask for its application in any other than a Protestant country; and this is a good reason why he should not ask for it there. If it is not good in China or Catholic Spain, it is no better in these United States. The principle is the same, no matter to what religion it is applied, or whether Pagans or Christians, Catholics or Protestants form the majority of the people. It is the principle of State religion, good everywhere or good no-where. If Protestants were in the minority in this country and Catholics in the majority, the former certainly would not advocate a pub-lic school system, to be supported by general taxation, in which Catholicism should be taught. The conclusion from this line of thought is that civil government, though the best possible machinery to secure certain ends connected with our temporal interests, is not a contrivance adapted to secure the ends that relate to our spiritual welfare. "Surely," says Macaulay, "if experience shows that a certain machine, when used to produce a certain effect, does not produce that effect once in a thousand times, but produces in the vast majority of cases an effect directly contrary, we cannot be wrong in saying it is not a machine of which the princi-pal end is to be so used." The learned essayist might justly have said that it is not a machine properly adapted to this end at all. The notorious and world-wide fail-ures of civil government to make itself useful in the department of things spiritual, when at-tempting to manage and conduct them, furnish the most complete demonstration that, however useful it may be elsewhere, it is not suited to this purpose. A sledge-hammer is a very good instrument with which to break a rock, but a very poor tool with which to mend a watch or perform a delicate operation in surgery. So civil government is a very good agency within certain limits and for certain objects; but be-yond these limits and objects it has no function to perform, and when its powers are extended beyond them they are found in practice to be immensely more injurious than beneficial to the- very interests they seek to serve.ŠSamuel T. Spear, D. D., in Religion and the State. THE Christian Statesman says that at Chau-tauqua Dr. Vincent, Chancellor of Chautauqua University, "intimated his dissent from the views of National Reformers." That only shows Dr. Vincent's wisdom and love of human right. The difficulty with us is to see how any one who has any regard for the principles of Christianity, or for natural right, can do any-thing but "dissent from the views of National Reformers." "WHETHER it be right in the sight of God to hearken unto you more than unto God, judge ye." Acts 4:19. OUR COUNTRY, THE MARVEL OF NATIONS: ITS PAST, PRESENT, AND FUTURE, AND WHAT THE SCRIPTURES SAY OP IT. BY U. SMITH. Author of "Smith's Parliamentary Rules," and Other Popular Works. This is a new and popular work on a subject of the deepest inter-est to all American citizens. It takes a brief but comprehensive view of our Government from a HISTORICAL, POLITICAL, AND RELIGIOUS STANDPOINT. It also shows that the United States is a subject of prophecy; that an outline of its history was written nearly two thousand years ago. It calls the attention of the reader to a CHAIN OP PROPHECY, Of which our Government is an important link, and shows that the location, the time of its rise, the nature of its Constitution, and its wonderful growth and subsequent influence, as well as its future atti-tude, were all clearly foreseen and pointed out by the Prophet of God, hundreds of years ago. The SUNDAY QUESTION, MODERN SrouTumasta, AND NATIONAL ItP.FOBAI are prominent among the topics ably discussed in this work. The " Marvel of Nations" is a work of 282 pages. It contains a steel plate of the author, and over forty illustrations. It is printed in clear type and elegantly bound. Price $1.00. The publishers of THE AMERIdAN SENTINEL being desirous of secur-ing a large subscription list at once, have made arrangements with the publishers of " The Marvel of Nations" whereby they are ena-bled to furnish this interesting and popular book, together with their paper, one year, for only $1.25. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1859 Castro Street, Oakland, Cal. THE GREAT CONTROVERSY BETWEEN CHRIST AND SATAN FROM THE DE- STRUCTION OF JERUSALEM TO THE END OF TIME. BY MRS. E. G. Warn, Author of "The Life of Christ," " Sketches from the Life of Paul," " Bible Sanctification," and other popular works. PRINTED AND BOUND IN THE VERY BEST STYLE. OVER TEN THOUSAND SOLD IN SIX MONTHS. This volume presents the most wonderful and intensely interesting history that has ever been written of the great conflict between Christianity and the powers of darkness, as illustrated in the lives of Christian martyrs and reformers on one hand, and wicked men and persecuting powers on the other. Beginning with our Lord's great prophecy given while viewing Jerusalem from the Mount of Olives, in which he outlines the history of the whole dispensation, it sketches the fulfillment. It pictures the siege and overthrow of Jerusalem, and the destruction of the Temple. It calls our attention to the bit-ter persecutions of the Christians in the first centuries, and notes the rise and growth of the Papacy: It gives a clear conception of the character and influence of the Waldenses, who, through centuries of persecution, maintained the purity of their faith, and by their mis-sionary efforts prepared the nations of Europe for the Reformation. Brief and lifelike sketches are given of the works, the successes, and the persecutions of Wycliffe, Luther, Tyndale, Huss, Jerome, Knox, and other reformers and martyrs. Considerable space is given to the life, work, and influence of later reformers and great religious leaders, such as George Whitefield, the Wesleys, and William Miller, and this is followed by chapters treat-ing upon The Origin of Evil, The Agency of Evil Spirits, The Snares of Satan, and the Judgment. The style of the author is clear, forcible, and often sublime, and, although simple enough in its statements to be understood and ap-preciated by a child, its eloquence calls forth the admiration of all Over 500 pages; 22 full-page cuts. Price,  81.50 To foreign countries, post-paid,   8 Address, PACIFIC PRESS, Oakland, Cal., U. S. A., Or the nearest Agent or Book Depository. A  MINE OF INFORMATION. HISTORY OF THE SABBATH AND FIRST DAY OF THE WEEK. Br ELD. J. N. ANDREWS. Tan Bible record of the Sabbath ; the secular history concerning it; the successive steps by which the change to the first day was made, and the work of restoration, are given in detail. EVERY TEXT OF SCRIPTURE concerning the Sabbath is com-mented on at length; and the COMPLETE TESTIMONY OF THE FATHERS in regard to the Sabbath and first day is given. The comparative merits of the seventh and the first-day Sabbaths are fully shown. A copious index enables the reader to find any text, or the statement of any historian. Should be read by everybody. 528 pp. Price, $1.25. Address, SIGNS OF THE TIMES, Oakland, Cal. THE HOME OF THE SAVED. BY ELD. J. N. Locenrceoueu. Gives the Bible evidence upon the interesting topic of the earth made new, as the inheritance of the saints. 82 pp. Price, 10 cents. SIGNS OF THE TIMES, Oakland, Cal. 