AMERICAN SENTINEL. 37 "Lese-Majesty" in the United States. AN exchange remarks that giving utterance to lang-uage derogatory to the Roman Catholic priesthood, ap- pears to constitute the crime of "lese majesty" in the United States; and in support of the assertion quotes the following from the press despatches of recent date:Š "The Richmond Borough School Board, which has been investigating charges against Mme. Alma de Bel-prat, a teacher in the Stapleton High School, concluded its work last evening. Mme. de Belprat was charged with assailing the Roman Catholic Church in connection with a recitation in geography, and particularly the rule requiring celibacy among its priests. "Many witnesses testified that she said she pitied the poor priests, who could not get married. "The board unanimously found the teacher guilty of gross misconduct 'in her classroom, fined her five days' pay, and transferred her to the high school in Totten-vile, the transfer to take effect after the regents' ex-aminations in January. She will be formally warned not to offend the religious sensibilities of any pupil in future." Governing the Filipinos. THERE is much force in the inquiry of Archbishop Ireland, addressed to a representative of the press, "Who in America knows anything about the Philippines?" There is practically no knowledge in this country of the Filipinos or the conditions under which they exist, yet it is proposed to take the whole responsibilities of govern-ment in the islands into American hands. Some pointed remarks on this subject were made re-cently in Congress by Senator Mason, of Illinois. He in-quired whether the chief of Tammany Hall should be sent to the islands "to teach the untutored Filipinos cleanli-ness and municipal reform. Shall we," he continued, "teach them to worship money and the man who has it, regardless of how he got it? Shall we send special in-structors to (teach them how to kill postmasters and their wives and children, whose complexion does not suit them? We have murdered more men by mobs in Illinois than have been murdered in the Philippines. Shall we take that branch of our civilization and inject it in the Filipinos with 13-inch guns? Shall we change Mr. Lin-coln's famous words so as to make this a Government of some of the people, by a part of the people, for a few of the people? What senator is anxious to legislate for the Filipinos? We do not know their language or their reli-gion. I never even saw one of them." Here, the American people govern themselves, under the advantages of being familiar with their own condi-tions and needs, and of bringing a popular judgment to bear upon every measure of government that is pro-posed. And even under these circumstances the Govern-ment is none too good. What then would it be, and  what must it be, where the governing power is in the hands of one man, or at most a few individuals, who are not familiar with the circumstances and needs of those who are to be governed? Whatever abilities the Filipinos may possess in the matter of self-government, they can certainly evolve a better government for themselves than can be set up over them and carried into effect by a people who know noth-ing about them and are too' far away to ever know or care what is going on among them. But the archbishop's query implied something more than this. There is a governing power in the Philip-pines which is familiar with the people and conditions there, since it has been there for hundreds of years; and that power is the Catholic Church. What could be more natural, therefore, than that the Catholic Church should become the adviser of the Government in solving the problem of government for the Philippine people? This is just what the Catholic Church proposes to do, and is in a fair way to secure, through the position oc-cupied by Archbishop Ireland as the confidential friend of the administration. And how much will the Filipinos gain by their libera-tion from Spanish rule, if they are to be governed accord-ing to the suggestions of the Catholic Church? THE United States has nothing to gain by descending from the high plane of a teacher of the principles of free government, to the level of a power which makes its con-quests by the sword. Manifest Weakness. BY E. W. CAREY. A FEW Sundays ago as the writer was passing along the street of this city to attend a mission Sunday-school he was accosted by a well-dressed young man, who pre-sented a card of appeal as follows:Š "SALESMEN APPEAL TO THE PUBLIC. "We are endeavoring to close ALL stores on Sunday, thus securing one day of rest for the retail clerk and his employer, You can assist us by not buying any goods on Sunday. Will you do it? "Yours truly, "SALESMEN'S BENEVOLENT ASSOCIATION." At the next corner a similar card was presented by a representative of the same association. Thus these cards were scattered all over the business part of the city. It was a strong "appeal" to the arm of flesh. In-stead of looking up for power, the cry Was made to weak mortals like themselves. The Word says, "Put not your trust in princes, nor in the son of man, in whom there is no salvation." Ps. 146:3 (margin). They want to be good, and ask sinful man to make, 