AMERICAN SENTINEL. 197 saints of God, paired and twinned with angels, plant their shining feet upon the glittering worlds of eternity, swift winged from the grandeur of the sphere where shines the located throne of God, bearing in hand or by word of mouth some gentle yet mighty decree of Omnipotence, enacted at their request, they will show in blazing bril-liance, on brow and breast and belt, the lustrous names of the Royal City, of the King's Son, and of the King him-self, eternal, immortal. Such is your transcendent privilege; such may be your magnificent destiny. 0, poor delver in this world's hardships and darkness. And if such be my future right, can you not, 0 earthly governments, 0 earthly courts, allow me to take direction, even here, from the King him-self, in all things pertaining exclusively to his service? If I may be entrusted with a share in supervising the af-fairs of eternity, can you not, as long as I harm no man, allow me to think and to act for myself with reference to my duty to God in this world? Tallmadge, 0. Decision Touching Religious Exercises in the Public Schools of Missouri. AN important decision touching the question of the legality of religious exercises in the public schools of Mis-souri, is that lately rendered by Attorney-General Crow, of that State. The decision is in answer to the following questions raised by the State Superintendent of Public Instruction, John R. Kirk:Š "1st. Is there legal authority for such religious exer-cises? "2nd. if there is authority for such religious exercise within school hours, can the teacher require pupils of the school to give attention to the prayer if they do not vol-unteer to do so; or, if the teacher has authority to con-duct such religious exercise, may a portion of the children retain their seats and pursue such studies as they prefer to pursue during the exercise?" The attorney-general said in reply:Š "Reading the Lord's Prayer is certainly manifesting that degree of reverence which constitutes worship. The continuous reading of the Bible and repeating the Lord's Prayer cannot be done by believers in Christianity with-out feelings of deepest gratitude and a holy sense of honor, reverence, adoration and homage to the Supreme Being, which is the essence of worship. "This exercise, therefore, being a form of religious worship, and the same being done as one of the rules and exercises of our public schools, it necessarily and logically follows that a public school house is therefore made a place of worship. Referring now to that part of our con-stitution which provides 'that no person can be compelled to erect, support, or attend any place of worship,' it must be borne in mind that the tax paid by our citizens for the erection and maintenance of the public schools is an in-voluntary tax, one which they are by the provisions of law 'compelled to pay.' Thus he becomes 'compelled' to erect, support, and maintain a place of worship, if such religious worship is suffered in a public school. . . . "I am, therefore, of the opinion that religious wor-ship can not be indulged in any of our public schools, and that repeEqing the Lord's Prayer, being, as sug-gested by you, religious worship, may be excluded there-from. . . . "To compel any pupil against his conscience to par-ticipate and observe any such exercise is a vile perversion of the Constitution guaranteeing freedom of conscience and religious worship. . . . "Such practice would produce religious and sectarian strife in every school district in the state. No matter how innocent or honestly done, it would constitute the first step toward a union of church and state, which logi-cally involves the last step." Let no one entertain the idea that antagonism to the conducting of religious exercises in the public schools nec-essarily means antagonism to religion. Such antago-nism as that represented in the above decision is based upon justice; and there is no antagonism between jus-tice and Christianity. On the contrary, Christianity de-mands that justice be done in every matter; hence it is true that Christianity itself demands that religious exer-cises should not be conducted in the public schools. When religion enters into partnership with the state in any matter, it becomes debased and changed into a moral poison. Out of regard therefore both for religion and for mankind, we oppose such a partnership in the public schools. The True Sign and the False. BY C. H. KESLAKE. THE evidence thus far given that Sunday is the mark of the papacy has by no means been exhausted. By studying the prophecy (Rev. 13:11-18) still fur-ther it will be seen that while the mark of the beast (papacy) is being enforced there are those who will not receive the mark either in their right hand or their fore-heads.. Instead of this they are brought to view as receiving the "Father's name in their foreheads." Rev. 14:1. It will be apparent that the mark of the beast is a rival institution to that which is called the "Father's name." The number who receive the Father's name are spoken of as being 144,000 Whether this means exactly the number or represents a larger number, is not neces-sary to be discussed in this article. If as has been proved Sunday is the mark of the pa-pacy and it is a rival of that which is called the "Father's name," it must be that at the very time when strong efforts are being made to enforce Sunday as the mark there would be another day laying claim to recognition as the Sabbath and which really contains the Father's name. And furthermore, if Sunday is represented as being a.  sign (and this has abundantly been shown to be the case in these articles), we should naturally expect to find that 