 ..If any Man Hear -My Words, and Believe not, I Judge him not: for I Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World."  VOLUME 9. NEW YORK, JAN VARY 4, 1894. NUMBER 1.   American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 41 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. EDITOR, - - - - ALONZO T. JONES. CALVIN P. WILLMAN. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, WILLIAM H. MC KEE. WITH this issue the AMERICAN SENTI-NEL enters upon the ninth year of its pub-lication. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL was estab-lished to oppose all connection between religion and the State, and all interference of religious bodies or organizations with affairs of the Government, and especially to expose the mischievous designs of the National Reform combination which was organized for the sole purpose of drawing the United States Government into an es-tablishment of religion. THIS National Reform combination never had any other purpose, nor any other aim, than to commit the Govern-ment of the United States, by whatever means possible, to the establishment and maintenance of " Christianity " as the national religion, and to the enforcement of " Christian laws, institutions, and usages," and Sunday above all, upon all the people. FOR twenty-four years the National Reform Association of professed Protes-tants, worked steadily alone, to have "the Christian religion " named and legalized as the religion of this nation. In its twenty-fifth year, 1887, it secured the alli-ance of the National Prohibition party, and the National Woman's Christian Tem-perance Union, and with this additional power continued its efforts for the legal recognition of the Christian religion as the national religion. In 1888 this Na-tional Reform combination secured the alliance of the American Sabbath Union representing the great " evangelical " churches of the country, and with in-creased power the whole combination plied their efforts upon the national Govern-ment to secure the legal recognition of the Christian religion and the setting up of Sunday as the national holy day. In 1889, the National Reform Association, through  the leadership of the American Sabbath Union, secured their long-desired " co-Operation " of the Catholic Church for national Sunday observance. And in 1892 they were gratified with the unanimous decision of the Supreme Court of the Uni-ted States, declaring that " this is a Chris-tian nation," thus giving national, legal recognition to the Christian religion, and this was swiftly followed by the action of Congress in which Sunday was set up as the Sabbath of the fourth commandment and of this nation, to the express exclu-sion of the Sabbath of the Lord. THE aim and purpose of the National Reform combination was precisely the aim, the purpose, and the intense desire of the Church of Rome. Therefore, all these years Rome watched with interested attention the National Reform movement, and waited for that movement to grow to such a state as would be to her advantage to cooperate with. And it was not unad-visedly that in 1889 the Catholic Church joined hands with the National Reform combination, " to bring the Protestant masses over to the reverent observance of the Catholic Sunday." And it was with great gladness that she heard the supreme judicial declaration that "this is a Chris-tian nation," with the citation of Catholic documents to prove it, and also saw Con-gress set up the sign of her own authority Šthe SundayŠas the holy day of the na-tion in express exclusion of the Sabbath of the Lord. It was with supreme satisfac-tion that she saw her own sign of her own salvation set up here by a national act as the symbol of the salvation of the nation. IN the columns of the AMERICAN SEN-TINEL, from the beginning, we have told the National Reformers over and over, that in all their efforts and arguments they were but playing into the hands of Rome. As a sample of our oft-repeated words to this effect we copy the following from Vol. I, number 12 of the SENTINEL : " Although the Catholic Church appar-ently takes no very active interest in this movement itself, we may rest assured that there is not a single writer, nor a single official, of the Catholic Church, from the pope to the lowest priest in America, who ever ' for an instant' loses sight of the  movement, or of the ' prescriptions' which the pope has given in view of it. "THEN when the matter comes to the en-forcement of the laws, what is to hinder the Catholics from doing it, and that, too, in the Catholic way ? Every priest in the United States is sworn to root out heresy. And Monsignor Ca,pel, in our own cities and at our very doors, defends the ' Holy Inquisition.' The refusal to observe Sun-day becomes heresy that can be reached by the law, what then is to hinder the Catholics from rooting out the heresy ? Certainly when the National Reformers shall have been compelled by the necessity of the situation to surrender to the Catho-lics, it would not be in their power, even were it in their disposition, to repeal the laws; so there would then be nothing left but the enforcement of the lawsŠby Cath-olics, if by nobody else. This view of the case alone ought to be sufficient to arouse every Protestant and every American to the most uncompromising opposition to the National Reform party. "IT is of no use for the National Reform-ers to say that they will not allow the Catholics to do these things. For when the National Reformers, to gain the ends which they have in view, are compelled by `the necessities of the situation,' to unite with Rome, having, by the help of Rome, gained those ends, it will be impos-sible, without the help of Rome, either to make them effective, or to reverse them, or to hinder Rome from making them effective in her own way. When the thing is done, it will be too late to talk of not allowing this or that. The whole thing will then be sold into the hands of Rome, and there will be no remedy. " LORD MACAULAY made no mistake when he wrote the following:Š It is impossible to deny that the polity of the Church of Rome is the very masterpiece of human wisdom. . The experience of twelve hundred eventful years, the ingenuity and patient care of forty genera-tions of statesmen, have improved that polity to such perfection that, among the contrivances which have been devised for deceiving and oppressing mankind, it occupies the highest place.ŠEssays, Von Ranks. "And it is into the hands of this mistress of human deception and oppression that the National Reformers deliberately pro- 