I` AN/MRICAN SENTIN8LŁ f35 the people, and by the people," he uttered a prin-ciple , against which the declaration of Mr. Gray Cannot stand for a moment. If the reverend gentleman and his National Reform brethren are really anxious to be of service to the worldŠif they desire to be Christian in every sense of the wordŠlet them spend their time, talent, and money, in mitigating poverty, alleviating distress and suffering. Let them, as did Christ of old, minister to actual wants. Let them strive to overcome evil by teaching and example, rather than by legal enactment. Christ never sought the, aid, support, nor backing of civil law in any of his work. His professed ministers and followers of to-day should have a care lest they o'erstep the bounds of their authority. They should let fun-damental law alone. It is better as it is, sofar as religion is concerned.ŠThe Phelps County (Ye-.braska)Jferalel. Compelled to Work -on Sunday? THE clergymen of this Nation are continually .*aising the cry that the laboring classes, govern-ment employes, are compelled to work on Sun- day. In the Senate hearing on the Sunday-Rest in an article entitled, "The National Mail Service and the Sabbath," by the Rev. T. P. Stevenson, it is said  " During the session of Congress in 1828 (on the 12th of May and the 8th of July), the House was not permitted to proceed with business on Sabbath morn-ing by reason of the steady and firm resistance of a large number of members who refused to recognize the propriety of proceeding with their ordinary busi-ness on that day. The votes for adjournment were nearly equally divided, and more than once lost by the casting vote of the chair. Members then de-dared that they would leave the House and not re-turn before Monday morning, unless brought in by force, and very properly contended that no authority existed to compel their attendance on the Lord's day ; and the House on both occasions was com-pelled to adjourn." (Italics ours.) It appears from this statement that the House was unable to carry on its business on Sunday, the day they termed the Lord's day, because of the steady and firm resistance of a large number Of members" to taking part in the proceedings on that day, and the result was that the House was compelled to adjourn until ,Monday. They fur-ther contended that there was no power in exist-ence to compel their attendance on that day. It seems that, by taking their stand for their individual convictions of duty, they maintained their, personal liberty. But in the face of all this, Mr. Stevenson goes on to state :Š "Now, since those men would not consent to labor a few hours on one or two Sabbaths in a year, with what consistency can they compel many thousands Of their constituents to labor every Sabbath in the year ?" (Italics ours.) It appears that in 1 828 the government had io power to compel their constituents to labor on Sunday. From what source has it derived its power to "compel many thousands of their con- stituents to labor every Sabbath in the year "- of 1889 ? When, where, and how has the govern- ment ever compelled any person to work on Sun-day? Perhaps as good an answer as can be given to this question is found in a dialogue between Rev. George Elliott and Senator Call, which took place during the same hearing on the Sunday-Rest bill. Senator CallŠ" What law is it, either State or National, that requires work against a man's Conscience on Sunday ?" Mr. ElliottŠ" Post-office clerks are required to Work, on Sunday. At the former hearing I  called your attention to the fact that the-present laws with regard to the postal service give too much discretion to local postmasters with regard to the requirements, the opening of the office, etc., on the Lord's day. Senator CallŠ"The law requires certain work to be performed on Sunday, but it does not com-pel any man to do it who is conscientiously op-posed to working on that day. You say the State is trifling with the conscience of the church. How does it do so?" Mr. ElliottŠ" You make it difficult for men to hold office. Of course you do not compel a man to work on Sunday ; he can resign his office." In this, Mr. Elliott is compelled to admit that no man is compelled to work on Sunday. Now if those individuals in the employ of the govern-ment would all do as those Congressmen did in 1828, there would be no need of this hue and cry for a Sunday law. The great trouble is, this class of government employes do not care a whit about the sanctity of the day. They have no genuine conscientious scruples against working on Sunday ; for if the consciences of these indi-viduals was what those advocates of a Sunday law claim it ought to be, every last one of them would resign his position before he would labor on the day he believed to be the Sabbath. But as their greed for gain overbalances their com-punctions of conscience, and outweighs their faith in Him who has said, "But seek ye first the kingdom of God and his righteousness, and all these things shall be added unto you," a law must be made to remove all opportunity to test the conscience and to develop faith. The argument of compulsory Sunday toil vir-tually says to the worker, "You are all right, for you are compelled to labor. It is the govern-ment which compels you to work that is com-mitting the sin, and the only party that is re-sponsible. If it comes to the pinch that you must give up your position or violate your con-science, why, of course, violate your conscience until we can legislate on the question; and, as Mr. Stevenson says, "ultimately determine the ac-tion of the government." He might also have added, "and make it assume what we claim to be its proper functions towards you." Of course the action of the government would be deter-mined by the enforcement of a Sunday law. But, further on, Mr. Stevenson says:Š "It has been estimated that 150,000 persons in the United States are deprived of the whole or a part of every Sabbath, to attend to the carriage and distribu-tion of the mails. All these persons are compelled to choose between the loss of employment and perform-ance of secular labor on the Lord's day." He also says the National mail service on the Sabbath (Sunday) is a violation of the law of God. Now when these individuals are brought into a position where they have a choice to violate, as he says, the law of God by working on Sunday, or refuse the demands of the government and lose their positions, they have deliberately de-cided to violate the law of God. And Mr. Ste-venson says they are compelled to! What noble martyrs either of these parties would have made in the. Middle Ages in standing for their convic- tion of conscience ! E. HILLIARD. Duluth, Minn. THE Protestant doctrine touching the right of private judgment, is not that opposite doctrines may both be true, but it is that there is on the face of the earth no visible body to whose decrees men are bound to submit their private judgment on points of faith.ŠMacaulay. " Nehemiah the Tirshatha."ŠNo. 2. To N. J. BOWERS:ŠIn my first criticism upon your article in the SENTINEL of the 17th, I showed that National Reformers are not in favor of the union of Church and State as you charge. I showed also that the theocracy of the govern-ment of Israel was not much different from what we should have now in any Christian nation. In reply to your additional charges, namely, , that National Reformers would tax the people to support the church, and that they would punish marriage with foreigners, I may say,- 1. According to the law of Israel the tithes were paid for the support of the tribe of Levi, which received no landed inheritance. This whole tribe, including the priests, the sons of Aaron, was devoted to the interests of religion and of education. Nehemiah was a civil officer extraordinary. Probably all he did was to incite the rulers to see that the tithe was paid in the interests of both religion and education. 2. Marriage is a civil contract, not religious. The marriage relation may involve or bring with it religious obligations; but the institution is founded in nature, not in grace or religion, and rightly comes under the cognizance of the State or the civil power which makes laws to regulate men in the relation and to punish open trans-gressors of the civil law of marriage. In Israel the civil law, according to the will of the divine lawgiver, forbade the intermarriage of Israelites with heathen idolaters. The law was good. God made it. The people had said amen to it. It was,the law of the nation, "the law of the land" a wholesome law to which all the peo-ple in their happiest time had given consent. So that when men married idolatrous heathen wives they violated their own civil law. More-over, Paul, the Jewish Christian and a correct expounder of Christian law, says: " Be ye not un-equally yoked together with unbelievers." And Christians should accept and preach the divine law given to Israel. Nehemiah enforced their own righteous law upon the trespassing Israelites. He did right. Under similar circumstances if all the people of the United States were Christians and were also of one mind as to God's law of marriage, governmentŠthe civil departmentŠshould punish nominal Christians who marry heathen idolaters. I think my logic is good. I see no flaw in it. Do you see any ? The ergo of this is twofold : 1. That when Nehemiah arrested Sabbath desecraters he did right. And, 2. That if our people were what they should be, and if government, was what it should be, we should follow Nehemiah's example. N. R. JOHNSTON. Reply. ESTEEMED FRIEND:ŠIt seems you favor me with another open communication. This time it is "Nehemiah the Tirshatha, No. 2." I had no idea that my innocent little piece could have the effect of stirring up any National Reformer very much, but from the flutter of your two replies, I conclude that game has been, hit. 1. You begin by saying: "In my first criticism upon your article in the SENTINEL of the 17th, I showed that National Reformers are not in favor of a union of Church and State as you charge." Since copying the above I have read that "criti-cism" carefully over for about the sixth time, and can positively say, You have not shown any such 