1~1VIERICAN SENTINEL. 379 February, 1892, the day before these cities and towns were made(?) Christian by the declaration of the Supreme Court than has been required every day since. The po liceman does mean something. He means for one thing that the authority which he represents is in no sense Christian. He is the living and substantial contradic-tion of the whole "Christian nation" fallacy. And if he means so much, what shall we say of armies and navies? J. D. B. Ł 11, Murderous Millinery. "Present Truth." (London, Eng.) THE following letter was sent to the editor of the Christian World. It can hardly be wondered at that Christianity is regarded by so many as a sham when those who appear in public as its advocates and adhe- rents manifest so inconsistent -a disregard for its princi-ples of kindness and all-embracing love. If not a spar- row falls to the ground without the notice of the Father, how must he regard the slaughter of his creatures for the adornment of those who profess to be his servants? "Six., It is an extraordinary thing that, despite all that has been said on the subject of 'murderous millin-ery' and the proved and reiterated statement that every graceful 'osprey' plume nodding in a woman's bonnet means the slaughter of a whole family of birds, under cir-cumstances peculiarly revolting, Christian women, some of whom are leaders in Christian work, still wear these barbarous adornments. At the May meeting of the dif-ferent religious societies, ospreys are everywhereŠeven on the platform. At one meeting a woman pleaded for self-devotionŠwith ospreys iniaer bonnet At an impor-tant ladies' missionary gathering the lady who presided, and one of the missionaries who described the cruelties of Indian life, both wore ospreys. It is hardly conceivable that, after all that has been said and written on the sub-ject, any woman can be unaware of the barbarity of the trade in ospreys. Perhaps some comfort themselves with the idea, sedulously fostered by drapers and milliners, that their ospreys are only 'imitations.' But in nineteen cases out of twenty the plumes are real, and are only called 'imitations' in order to salve the easily soothed consciences of the women who buy them. As Ruskin says, a woman who will wear relics of murdered birds in her headgear would almost make her dead baby into an or-nament if fashion demanded it. "Yours truly, "A MAY MEETING WOMAN." A letter to the Chronicle states thatŠ "Setting aside the sales in all cities and the sales that are made in towns and villages, and taking only the auc-tions in the city of London, there were recently sold the feathers or skins of 11,000 ospreys, 35,947 humming birds, 16,107 jays, 1,327 kingfishers, the aigrettes from 20,000 herons, and thousands of other birds." 1. 1. Ł ,-4  SELFISHNESS means self seated upon the throne of God. Studies in French History.-26. JULIA thought a great deal about the question her teacher had promised to answer. She had already made up her mind that the man who yielded moral principle to the force of circumstances, even to save his neck and his credit, was at least not the kind of man she should call a moral hero, even if he were a great preacher. Still, she was a little anxious to know how the teacher would decide the question. So when Tuesday afternoon came again, Julia was on hand a little more promptly than usual, and listened attentively to every word, as Profes-sor Carman arose and began:Š "Before we begin the regular study to-day, I will answer Julia's question as to whether it is right to yield a point even to save life, when Christian principle is at stake. The good Book certainly admonishes us to live peaceably with all men as much as in us lies, but that does not warrant us in weakly yielding to evil. We have the example of many noble characters in the Bible, and also of Christ himself. Who can mention any of these instances? let's see the hands." "The three Hebrew worthies," replied Joe Palmeter, quickly: "They ran the risk of the king's displeasure, and even when they knew it meant death to them, they would not yield." "Well, teacher, seems to me there's a text somewhere about being in subjection to the powers that be," said Milly Brown, who could never bear to offer any opposi-tion to anything for fear of hurting some one's feelings. "But the very case that I have mentioned proves that this text doesn't apply in matters of conscience, Isn't that so, professor?" urged Joe, earnestly. "I am certain it is so, Joseph. Now who can think of another case to the point?" "I believe Daniel would insist upon praying with his windows up, when it meant death by the lions if he did it," said Max Smith. "Seems to me, professor, it's almost a question of religious liberty, isn't it?" said Joe PalmeterŠJoe never could hold his peace whenever that point was touched. "Yes, I think so; for certain it is that to force anyone to make a statement which is known to be both false and unjust is not allowing him liberty of conscience. Now I think we may consider Julia's question answered. "The quarrel for supremacy between the houses of Burgundy and Orleans did not end with the murder of 