THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 329 country, so that to-day by careful estimate no less than 4,000,000 men are thus enslaved and robbed of their inalienable rights to this day of rest." "Resolved, That we call upon the railroad compa-nies of this land that are engaged in running Sunday excursions, or allowing their road and rolling stock to be used for such purpose, to reconsider their action in this regard, so as to secure the minimum of trans-portation and service of their employes on this day, both on economic and moral grounds." A report in a daily paper says that subsequently "slavery" was softened to "employment" and "forcibly deprived" was sustituted for "enslaved and robbed" in the first resolution, and "earnestly request" for "call upon" in the second. "But these changes were not made until Dr. Hath-away and Dr. McKibbon had expressed their opinion of the terms employed by the committee. These min-isters thought they should stand, but others wished to modify them for fear the St. Louis strikers should receive unintended encouragement." In the prelude to a recent sermon in Carnegie Ly-ceum, New York, Rev. Henry Frank, pastor of the Metropolitan Church, declared that the freeing of the negro was a mistake. He said : "His (the negro's) native sluggishness, the evidences of his gradual ex-tinction since his enfranchisement, his imperceptible improvement since liberation, his startling lapses into barbarism, all must incline thinking people to conclude that the freeing of the negro has proved a disastrous failure. "Every thinking man must believe that the fran-chise must be removed from the negro in such places, at least, where negro suffrage must mean negro domi-nation. "A new system of voluntary and penal servitude should be instituted. A section of country should be set apart to which all negroes would be permitted to' voluntarily migrate and there yield themselves as slaves to such persons as would agree to possess them, give them humane treatment and education." * * * In a recent interview in New York, Rear Admiral Ahmed Pasha of the Turkish navy said : "From what I could learn of the desires of the Sultan in conversa-tion with him he is anxious to increase the prowess of his navy. I will not giye the reasons. I will not say whether we fear Russia, or England, or any other country, but, at any rate, we see that our navy must be put on a basis with western countries." And then other powers see that their navies must be correspondingly strengthened, so the building and equipping of floating forts goes on in an ever increas-ing ratio. It is said that the only feeling in the town from which hails the central figure in the Cuban postal frauds is one of indignation against the man who be-trayed him. "He was under obligations" to the chief conspirator "for his appointment," and this it is thought by some ought to have forever sealed his lips ! It seems never to have entered into the thought of those who take this view of the matter that the man whom they say was "betrayed" was under obligation for his appointment, and under solemn obligation and oath to discharge honestly the trust committed to him. * "The news that the Russian government will make Masampo, in Corea, the winter headquarters of the Russian fleet is considered ominous of further en-croachments by the Muscovite in that country," re-marks the Springfield Republican. "The Russian minister, M. Pavloff, has secured a site for a coal de-pot and naval hospital in Masampo harbor, but, at the same time, he has renounced, for the czar any purpose to acquire land on the mainland opposite the harbor. London evidently has no faith in the renunciation. It is Japan that is more concerned in these developments than any other power, and it is certain that the estab-lishment of a Russian naval base just across the straits of Tsushina will not please the Japanese. The alarm-ists, who have been predicting an early war between Russia and Japan, will find in the news fresh fuel for their fears." Civil Marriages in Cuba. When General Brooke became Governor General of Cuba he took from the Catholic Church the exclu- sive right to perform the marriage ceremony and turned it over to the civil magistrates at the request of the revolutionary and radical members of his cabinet. "The Catholic Church," remarks the Mirror (Balti- more), "with the tacit support at least of the Protestant ministers in Cuba, is preparing to bring pressure on Governor General Wood to induce him to revoke Gen-eral Brooke's order making civil marriage alone legal." General Brooke's order has been the law in Cuba for more than a year, but it is likely a change will be made soon. Of the efforts in this direction, the Cath- olic Mirror says "Archbishop Sbarretti has consulted with General Wood concerning the matter and has asked for the revocation of the order. General Wood has the same feeling in this matter that he has on the question of divorce. If the Cuban people want the law changed so as to legalize both civil and religious ceremonies, he is disposed to make the change. This is all that any religious denomination could ask. 