Single copy 3 cents. NEW YORK, APRIL 28, 1898. VoL. 13, No. 17. The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. NirAny one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it (Entered at the New York Poet-office.) ONLY in the Christian warfare does victory always mark the side of right. different in character from those days only by being a religious day. And were it not for this fact, there would never have been a Sunday law enacted. INTERVENTIONŠthat is what Jesus Christ undertook in the terrible difficulty that arose between God and man. And it was not "armed intervention," but it was effectual.  Š44 Y MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT.ﬂŠJesus Christ. CHRISTIANITY is science; but "Christian science" is the opposite of Christianity. , Ł .11  DEPENDENCE on self alone is often mistaken for inde-pendence; but the two are vastly different. CONSIDERING that "war is hell," it is strange that a Christian should ever feel bound to go to war. THE Christian maintains peace by fighting self; the non-Christian seeks to get it by fighting some one else. THE "deceitfulness of sin" often makes people believe they have defeated the devil, when the devil has in fact defeated them. THE fact that the world is growing worse, does not constitute any reason at all why you should not be growing better. THE marching orders of the Commander of Christians are, "Go ye therefore into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature." .11 - 4 ks IT is religion alone that gives Sunday a different character from that of Monday or Tuesday; Sunday is THE more of the war spirit there is in the world, the more necessity is there that Christians should maintain peace. THE question of whether the souls of men are to be saved or lost, is always the greatest question that can come up for settlement in this world; and when ministers of the gospel give precedence in their discourses to some other question, it only shows that they have themselves lost sight of the great truth which they are set to point out to others. Ł-4 4 Does Christianity Justify It ? IT has been decided by the United States Government that present circumstances relating to the condition of Cuba justifies war with Spain; and in this decision it has the support of the professedly Christian churches. Does Christianity justify this conclusion to which the churches have come? Turning to the Text-book of Christianity, we find that, from the Christian standpoint, war was not justifi-able when its object was to save the life of Jesus Christ. Is it then justifiable from the Christian standpoint now? Jesus, in the Garden of Gethsemane on that memor-able night, was surrounded by a mob who were bent on taking his life. They were determined to crucify the Son of God. _ Peter, realizing their purpose, drew a sword to defend the Saviour, and "smote a servant of the high priest, and cut off his right ear." Immediately Jesus 