158 .A,MMIRII CA NT SIENTITIN.BILA VOL. 11, No. 20. religion. It is your duty to honor the king.' By a police regulation you are called upon to bow down to the golden image. Having done this, you are at liberty to worship Jehovah as much as you please." Now there is a contro-versy among the churches on the subject of baptism. By an appeal to the lexicons, the Baptists appear to have the argument. So the State decides, and in addition to its law for the observance of the Christian sabbath, it makes a law enforcing Christian baptism, thus requiring all her citizens to be immersed, To this the great majority of the clergymen herein referred to demur, as they do not be-lieve in immersion. They and their children have all been sprinkled. The law, they claim, is an interference with their religion. But they are assured that they are altogether wrong. Washing in water being necessary to health, this law is purely a sanitary regula-tion; and, being enacted by the State, it thereby becomes a police regulation. For these considerations they must obey it. And besides this, it cannot infringe upon any rights of their religion. True, it requires them to be immersed, in accordance with the faith of the Baptists; but having submitted to this, they are at full liberty to sprinkle and be sprinkled as much as they please! No coercion of conscience, at all; they are at liberty to carry out their own religion to their hearts' content. It is needless to ask what they would think of such a law, or of such a reason for enforcing it. When certain ministers who declared that it was no in-fringement on the rights of those who kept the seventh day to compel them to keep Sunday, because they were at liberty to keep the seventh day also, were asked if they would be willing to obey a law compelling them to keep the seventh day on the consideration that they would be at liberty to keep the Sunday also, they promptly answered, No! Thus they confess that Deception No. 4 is a sheer deception of the basest kind, it is unworthy of those who make the slightest claim to be honorable men; much more so of those who claim to be Christians. But the observers of the seventh day are inclined to do just what these clergymen say they would do under their circumstances; they say that while the decalogue commands them to keep the seventh day, and they are in conscience bound to keep it, the same law says, "Six Days Shalt Thou Labor, and Do all Thy Work." They say that they need the avails of the labor of the six days to support themselves and their families; they deny the right of any earthly power to deprive them of this. He who commanded them to keep the seventh day, gave them a legal permission to work six days; he gave his own example for the in-stitution of the Sabbath; he created all things in six days and rested the seventh day. On these facts is based the precept to work six days and rest the seventh day. Therefore their right to work six days, as well as to keep the seventh day, rests on the authority of the Creator. Now if the advocates of the Sunday law are not convinced of their duty to keep the seventh day, they must surely respect such reasoning, honor such regard for the authority of the Creator of heaven and earth, and admire the spirit which leads people to bear so heavy a cross to carry out their convictions of duty to follow the word of God. But do they ? No; they affect great religious zeal, and denounce them to the people as a " pestilent sect," as disloyal to the Government, as " needlessly peevish " to maintain their " whimseys," as traitors to  the laws of God and man; they denounce them as heretics, and class them with athe-ists; as men who would join hands with anarchists to destroy society. Do they really believe these gross charges? do they not know that that people as a class are law-abiding to the extreme ? that it is solely out of respect for law and authority that they suffer loss and bear reproach ? Yes; they know all this. What, then, shall we say of their affectation of righteous indignation over their course ? We must set it down as Deception No. 5. It is the very climax of all deceptions. But we find it in those who profess to respect nothing as highly as religious consistency and a high regard for the law of God. But there are some who come out boldly and say that our national Constitution is wrong; that the Sixth Article and the First Amendment contain the germs of anarchy and national destruction. They say that it is the duty of Congress to adopt a standard of reli-gion to which all the people must be com-pelled to conform. That this strikes at the very life of our religious freedomŠat the very foundations of our governmentŠcan-not honestly be denied. And yet, as has been proved over and over again, the in-novation is sought to be thrust upon the peo-ple by a series of evasions and deceptions of the most dishonorable nature. And the half has not been told. The movement has error for its spring, and it can only be upheld by deception. If we were ready to grant that we need a national religion, which we are not, or be-lieved that it was for the welfare of the Gov-ernment and of religion, which we surely do not, we could not adopt a system which is so ready to resort to the most unworthy methods,Šand which rests so largely on evasions and deceptions. It may be religion,, but it is anything but Christianity. We insist that Christianity means honesty. LUTHERAN MINISTERS ON THE SUNDAY QUESTION. [New York Sun, May 6, 1896.] THE ministers of the Lutheran churches in Jersey City issued yesterday a formal decla-ration of their views on the Sunday closing question. The declaration is signed by the Revs. J. C. Luehrs of St. Johanne's Church, E. Burkhard of Zion Church, J. C. Petersen of St. Matthew's, A. Stuckert of St. Paul's, and C. B. Rabbord of Christ Church. The declaration says:Š " We, the undersigned pastors of the Luth-eran Church in Jersey City, members of the Evangelical Lutheran Ministerium of the State of New York and adjacent States and counties, herewith publish our principles con-cerning the so-called Sunday question. We believe the Christian Sunday is hallowed whenever God's word and the preaching of the gospel is not despised, but deemed holy and willingly heard and learned. We believe that such a sanctification can never be ef-fected by the law, for the law has no power to regenerate and sanctify. "We, as Christian citizens who are to be subject to the powers that be ordained of God, do recognize the law now existing, according to which all saloons shall be closed on Sunday in order to affect a greater sanc-tification of the day, as valid and binding, and do herewith counsel all Christian citizens for conscience' sake and in view of their responsibility before God to faithfully obey the law sb long as it may stand. We deny this law any power to promote a true and  God-pleasing sanctification of the day, as well as the ability to make the hearts of men better or holier. We honestly believe that the law in its present form fosters hypocrisy and sham, and opens a wide door for much that is unholy and morally wrong, instead of promoting the moral welfare of the community, the object for which laws are generally believed to be made. " We herewith express our deep loathing at the manner in which this law has, at times, been enforced. We brand the spy system, dissimulation, and deceit which are sometimes employed to entrap by officers as belonging to the morally, most reprehensible acts of which a morally responsible, not to say Christian, person is capable. " In reply to the solicitations to join the movement designed to legally enforce the sanctification of Sunday by bringing a pres-sure to bear upon our city authorities, we do most emphatically protest against the confounding of Church and State which is hereby involved. We believe that in a country where Church and State are separate and distinct bodies, the Church may indeed promote civic virtues by using the means God has given her, but we do not concede her the right to employ weapons of her own choosing, and therewith demand from the authority or-dained of God the enforcement of laws pro-mulgated by the State. " In conclusion we declare ourselves un-compromising opponents of a Sunday devoted to riotous living and unruly practices, and we will ever, by virtue of our office as rightly-called ministers of Jesus Christ, and in con-formity with the spirit of the mother church of Protestantism, preach, protest, and battle against such a day." SUNDAY NEWSPAPERS AND SUNDAY WORK. [Twentieth Century, April 16.] EVERYBODY knows, because it is evident and has been stated over and over again, that the Sunday newspaper entails no labor on the sabbath day [Sunday] on the part of its em-ploy4s. The Monday papers give rise to Sun-day labor. The Methodists in their recent conference were, therefore, a trifle precipitate in denouncing Sunday newspapers " because the employs of the newspaper are robbed of their sabbath rest." The Methodists also condemned Sunday newspapers generally, and demanded legislation to suppress them. THE 02///001C says that " if every minister, Protestant and Roman Catholic, Christian and Jew, orthodox and heterodox, should preach an annual sermon" upon the duty of putting honest men in office " the clarifying effect would be as sudden as it would be surpris-ing." The Sun very properly says that no such effect would follow; and adds: " In spite of all their preaching, the preachers have not yet produced agreement as to the application of religious principles to other matters than pol-itics. They have not yet succeeded in bring-ing about unity of opinion among the churches. How, then, can Dr. Abbott expect that they will accomplish that surprising result in a field where the difference of sentiment is sharper and bitterer than anywhere else, save in the special sphere of religion itself?" The Sun is quite right. There is an im-mense amount of humbug about the claims put forth in behalf of the church as a political fac tor. 