276 A1\41RICAN S'ENTINEL. " THIS IS A CHRISTIAN NATION." This decision seemed to be demanded, "because," in the language of the court, " this is a religious people," a statement which our readers all know to be without foundation. The decision then declares that " from the discovery of this conti-nent to the present hour, there is a single voice making this affirmation ;" and it cites in proof of this the Roman Catholic commission of Ferdinand and Isabella to Columbus, the Episcopal grant of Eng-land's " Defender of the Faith," Queen Elizabeth, to Sir Walter Raleigh, the Puritan compact of the Pilgrims in the Mayflower, the grant to William Penn, the laws of Massachusetts for the support and maintenance of religion by public taxation, and the declaration of faith re-quired by the Constitution of Delaware, in 1776. The decision then quotes from the First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States the following:Š Congress shall make no law respecting the es-tablishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof,Š an utterance in fundamental law which was designed to forever shut out from the fair land of America, the religious in-tolerance of the Old World governments, from which emanated all of the above ut-terances on which the decision was based. The religious declarations from Columbus down to the adoption of the Constitution are all diametrically opposed to and by the First Amendment to the Constitution. The Amendment is put there for the pur-pose of opposing the entering of any such sentiments into this Government. Yet in the face of all this this Supreme Court decision of February 29, 1892, declares:Š There is no dissonance in these declarations. There is a universal language pervading them all, having one meaning; they affirm and reaffirm that this is a religious Nation. . . . They speak the voice of the entire people. The decision then cites the declaration of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, that " Christianity is, and always has been, part of the common law." This it accepts as authority, as it does also the decision of Chief Justice Kent, of New York, which "assumes that we are a Christian people." From this it proceeds to consider the form of oath prevailing, and from that to " the laws respecting the observance of the Sabbath." " These," says the court, " and many other matters which, might be noticed, add a volume of unofficial declarations to the mass of or-ganic utterances that " THIS IS A CHRISTIAN NATION." Here is the decision of the highest branch of the Government that Chris-tianity is the religion of this Nation, and this is just what the Constitution, the fundamental law of this Government, is made to mean. It matters not how the common mind may understand the Con-stitution, and the First Amendment there-to, designed by our forefathers as a safe-guard against the encroachment of re-ligion, the Supreme Court has decided the matter, and that settles it. Congress might pass a law to that effect. Congress and three-fourths of the State Legislatures might change the Constitution so that it would declare this to be a " Christian Nation," but we do not see how all that could make the matter any stronger than this decision of the Supreme Court, which, in the matter of law, is above both Con-gress and president. We have, then, the claims' of the  Church that "this is a Christian Nation," and the demand that it be recognized by the Government. We have the decision of the Supreme Court, the highest branch of the Government, the final arbiter in the matter of law, recognizing the de-mand of the Church and crystallizing it into organic law; and with that decision sanctioning laws against blasphemy, and in favor of the support and maintenance of religion by public taxation, Sunday laws, etc. Is there anything more that is neces-sary to constitute an image to the beast? This Government has done just what the civil power of Rome did. From the recog-nition of the demands of the Church in the first centuries of the Christian era the beast was formed in the Old World. From the recognition of the demands of the Church by this Government, THE IMAGE OF THE BEAST was formed in this country when the Government recognized the demands of the Church by the Supreme Court decision, on February 29, 1892. The next step in the prophecy is to give life to the image. This must be by the action of the law-making power of the Government. Has this step been taken? ŠIt has, in the action of Congress Au-gust 5, 1892, in the recognition of the Sun-day dogma of the Church by closing. the World's Fair on that day. This was the logical step for the Government to take. If this is a " Christian Nation," and if Sunday is the " Christian Sabbath," it logically follows that the " Christian Na-tion " ought to enforce the " Christian Sabbath "Š a dogma upon which the Christian Church as a whole, both Cath- olics and Protestants, agree. ' This is logically the first step to follow the making of the image. It has been taken. Life has been given to the image. The next step is to enforce by oppressive laws and penalties what it has now recog-nized. The Government has now taken its stand, .it has declared its position, and the clamors of a backslidden Church and the " honor " and " dignity " of the Na-tion will force the civil authorities to do just what the prophecy has said they would do. It has declared that Sunday is the Sabbath of this " Christian Nation," and its next step will logically be to see that its declarations are respected. We no longer walk by faith in the ful-fillment of the prophecy of Revelation 13. We are seeing its fulfillment before our very eyes, and louder than ever would we lift a warning voice to our fellow-country-men, in the language of inspiration : " If any man worship the beast and his image, and receive his mark in his forehead, or in his hand, the same shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God, which is poured out without mixture into the cup of his indignation." Rev. 14 : 9,10. " Fear God, and give glory to Him; for the hour of His judgment is come; and worship Him that made heaven, and earth, and the sea, and the fountains of waters." Verse 7. Who Will Hear the Voice? - A CORRESPONDENT from the city of the World's Fair, who has read THE SENTI-NEL, quotes the last paragraph of an article in a late issue, in which the final sentence is, " Where is the voice that will sound the, truth so loud that it will ring in the ears of every man ?" and says : " If you need wisdom to find the voice  you have called for you can find it in St. Luke, 9: 35." The voice that spoke from the cloud which overshadowed the moun-tain where Peter and James and John and the Master were at prayer, was the voice of God. The utterance was a com-mand of GodŠthe entreaty of a Father. " This is my beloved Son: hear him." God had spoken to men often since that afternoon in Eden when at the sound of his voice Adam and Eve hid themselves; but they had hidden and stopped their ears, now he both pleads and commands, " Hear my Son 1" Christ the Son of God preached to man the gospel of peace and good-will to all, the gospel of salvation from sinŠthe hope of eternal life. The cry of this voice is, to him who hath ears, let him hear, and whosoever will, let him come. Again, in this afternoon of the world, as the voice of God is heard, by 'his Son, they hide and they stop their ears. If this be true is there any voice that can sound the truth in the ears of every man, however loud it may speak, until that day when the Lord himself 'descends from heaven with a shout, and every eye shall see him and every ear hear him ? W. H. M. Some Scraps of New England History.* THE SUFFERINGS OF THE QUAKERS. IN July, 1656, Mary Fisher and Anne Austin, two Quaker women, landed in Boston. By some means, news of their coming had preceded them. Before they were allowed to land at all, Richard Bel-lingham, the deputy-governor, Governor Endicott being absent, sent officers aboard the Ł ship, " searched their trunks and chests, and took away the books they found there, which were about one hun-dred, and carried them ashore, after hav-ing commanded the said women to be kept prisoners aboard; and the said books were, by an order of the council, burnt in the market-place by the hangman." The women were soon taken from the ship, however, and at once " shut up close pris-oners, and command was given that none should come to them without leave; a fine of five pounds being laid on any that should otherwise come at or speak with them, the' but at the window. Their pens, ink, and paper were taken from them, and they not suffered to have any candle-light in the night season; nay, what is more, they were stript naked, un-der pretense to know whether they were witches, tho' in searching no tok!n was found upon them but of innocence. And in this search they were so barbarously mis- used that modesty forbids to mention it. And that none might have communica-tion with them, a board was nailed up be- fore the window of the jail." August 18, the following order was issued to the jailer :Š To the Keeper of the Boston Jail: You are by virtue hereof to keep the Quakers formerly committed to your custody as dangerous persons, industrious to improve all their abilities to seduce the people of this jurisdiction, both by words and letters, to the abominable tenets of the Quakers, and to keep them close prisoners, not suf-fering them to confer with ally person, nor permit-ting them to have paper or ink. Signed, EDWARD RAWSON, August 18, 1656. Sec. of the Boston Court. They were not only denied food by the authorities. but "liberty was denied even to send them provisions." " Seeing * Condensel from "Two Republics," 