AMERICAN SENTINEL. 91 Then there was a motion to include the mayor and police commissioners in the vote of thanks, but some did not think the police commissioners deserved to be included, while others thought they would be justified in feeling insulted if they were not. Dr. Grammer sug-gested that they settle it by just "thanking God." This was done amid laughter. The foregoing are press statements taken from New York City dailies. "Outside the Constitution." New York "World." THE decisibn of the Republican members of the/Ways and Means Committee to devise a plan for governing Porto Rico and later the Philippines "outside the Con-stitution," is not surprising. It is a perfectly logical if not indeed a necessary next step in the policy of impe-rialism. Having permitted the President to wage a war "out-side the Constitution," and to recognize slavery and involuntary servitude in our new possessions, also "outside the Constitution," why should there be any hesitation in imposing a tariff upon imports from and exports into those possessions in disregard of the Con-stitution? To be sure, it may seem hard to our people that after expending $150,000,000 in a war with Spain, and as much more in Mr. McKinley's war in the China Sea, with Porto Rican and the Philippine commerce held up as a compensation, they should now be called upon to pay a tariff duty on the products of our "spoils of victory." It may seem rather inconsistent likewise to the negroes, mongrels and "yellow bellies" whom we are annexing to find themselves taxed without representation. But when the Government goes "outside the Consti-tution" and the Declaration of Independence is treated as obsolete sentimentality, there is no telling what may happen. COLOSSAL crosses are to be erected, in this last year of the 19th century, on nineteen mountain peaks of Italy, to commemorate each century. The Rome branch of a Catholic international committee has undertaken the work, the idea being that this will be a way of show-ing "homage to Jesus the Redeemer." THE "Christian newspaper" enterprise entered into by the Topeka Daily Capital and the Rev. Charles M. Sheldon, is already the subject of considerable adverse criticism. The following, for example, is offered by the Springfield Republican:Š Ł "Rev. Mr. Sheldon is to be given opportunity to show how a Christian newspaper should be made. The  first move in the new departure is to raise the price of the Capital from 10 cents to 25 cents for the week. That is business, as is the whole proceeding part of the ownership of the Capital. The free advertisement which it has already secured can scarcely be estimated in dollars. On the minister's part we assume that his undertaking is a conscientious effort to instruct news-paperdom and the world. "It is decidedly worth noting that Rev. Mr. Sheldon, in his elucidation of the proposition, 'What would Jesus do?' is to continue the Capital's Sunday edition. 'He confesses that he has found by examination that the Sunday newspaper is so powerful an instrument for in-struction and enlightenment that it would be wrong and foolish to discontinue it.' This concession comes from one who 'has always denounced Sunday newspa-pers as evils which should not be tolerated.' . . . "Now we are to see how really Christian Editor Pro Tem Sheldon is going to be. We find him quoted to this effect:Š " am sorry to say that the sword and the Bible must go hand in hand, so to speak, to Christianize a barbarous people. I wish the Bible could do it alone, but this seems impossible. The humanizing influence of Christian teachings makes me an advocate of American rille in the Philippines.' "That does not appear to us to be what Jesus, the Prince of Peace, would have said in the present national emergency: but perhaps Rev. Mr. Sheldon will not say that from the editorial chair." Sunday Legislation Gaining Ground in Europe. From "The Ram's Horn." IT is evident that the movement in behalf of Sab-bath observance [Sunday legislation] is progressing far more rapidly in European countries than it is in North America. According to a recent address on this sub-ject, on the part of Dr. Cunningham, of Edinburgh, it appears that while the sanctity of the Sabbath in the countries in which it has been most strictly observed for generations, has declined in the public regard, conti-nental countries, where the continental Sunday has been the, synonym of license, are giving more heed to the observance of the sacred day than hitherto. In 1890 the International Conference on Labor, at Berlin, dis-cussed the subject, and legislation was enacted two years later, prohibiting the opening of shops on Sun-day, and in 1895 the employment of operatives in enter-prises on the first day of the week was forbidden. Those who recall what a strife over this question was made in Chicago at the building and opening of the World's Fair, may be surprised to learn that the work-men employed on the Paris Exposition buildings are guaranteed exemption from Sunday labor, and this has been done by special legislation. It is quite significant to observe, by the way, that a large movement on behalf of Sabbath observance which is now going on in Chi-cago, is not being fostered by the churches, as might 