40 A_Mfmax CA NT S 10 Nal VoL. 9. No. 5. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 1, 1894. ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. IT is the boast of Rome that she " never changes;" therefore be not deceived by her fair professions of love for free in-stitutions. IN last week's SENTINEL, fourth line from bottom of first column, on page 26, instead of, " Upon position and decided movements," etc., read, " Open, positive and decided movements," etc. Do you want a SENTINEL index for 1893 ? If so send a postal card to this office saying so, and one will be sent to you. You ought to have it by all means if you have kept a file of the paper. Ł THE Examiner (Baptist) notes the fact that the Republic of Nicaragua has passed au act of universal religious toleration, and remarks: " This is a long step for-ward." Indeed it is a long step; much longer than has been taken by some of our States, which practically tolerate only Sunday-keepers. THE bill creating in this country a cen-sor of the press, which was before the last Congress, has been re-introduced in the present Congress by Mr. Hayes of Iowa. The bill empowers the postmaster general to exclude from the mails any publication which in his opinion devotes too much attention to reports of crime or to " stories of immoral deeds." AN exchange remarks that the clergy of St. Louis are on record as favoring the taxation of Church property; but says that " one minister opposed the reform. He took the ground that as Protestants had more property in Missouri than the Catholics, it would be unwise to tax the churches as Protestants would be the losers." Pretty Protestantism that ! Right is right no matter whom it hurts. If Church property ought to be taxedŠand it certainly shouldŠit ought to be taxed no matter to whom it belongs. An in-fidel paper, the Boston Investigator, makes this comment on the position of the " Protestant " minister who makes the plea for exemption :Š We fear that this is about the size of the morality of Protestants. They oppose a measure that gives somebody else a greater advantage than they them-selves enjoy from it. This seems to be the way that a great deal of justice gets into the world. When one party is jealous of another, then the right triumphs. The Investigator mistakes in supposing that such men are Protestants. It is such morality, masquerading under the  name of Protestantism and Christianity, that makes infidels. If all who profess the Christian name and who call them-selves Protestants were such indeed, the Investigator would be without occupa-tion, or would soon be preaching the faith it now seeks to destroy. " ROME never changes," hence Rome of the Spanish Inquisition and of the mas-sacre of St Bartholomew, and of Smith-field, is the same Rome which to-day fawns upon and flatters the American Republic while she surely and swiftly casts her chains about its free institutions that she may, erelong, drag it at her chariot wheels. THE Christian Statesman complains that " the Phipps Conservatory in Schen-ley Park, Pittsburg, was thrown open to the public, Sabbath, January 7, and four thousand visitors are reported." The Statesman adds, " This in Sabbath-loving Pittsburg, while in Sabbathless France the Sabbath sentiment is increasing." This is truly awful ! What is the country coming to when people even in Pittsburg will persist in visiting a conservatory on Sunday ? Mind you, a conservatory ! a wicked place in which flowers actually grow and exhibit their gorgeous tints and exhale their sweet perfumes on Sunday! How long, American Sabbath Union, oh, how long ? Cannot the papacy or somebody put a stop to such things ere the " American Sabbath ". beŠsmothered in a bank of winter rosesŠmurdered in an evil resort wherein flowers are per-mitted to run opposition to the Sunday pul pit ? ACCORDING to the Philadelphia Inquirer of the 20th inst., a movement is on foot in that city to enforce the Sunday law of 1794. A petition to this effect was re-cently handed to the mayor. It was said to emanate from the Law and Order So-ciety and was to have been presented by Lewis D. Vail, its attorney; but for some reason he did not do so. A. clerk in his office said the movement was inspired by Rev. Dr. Fernley, secretary of the Phila-delphia Sabbath Association, so-called, and that Mr. Vail declined association with it because he believed it futile. The mayor declines to express an opinion. Cigar and candy stores are, it seems, the principal offenders at present. "Religious Liberty Library," No. 18. THIS important number of the Library is now ready. It is entitled " Christ and the Sabbath : or Christ's Faithfulness in Sabbath-keeping," being substantially the same matter as appeared in the November Home Missionary, as a sermon by Elder A. T. Jones, at the Lansing, Mich., camp meeting. It has been revised and very much improved, some important additions being made. It presents a striking par-allel between the course of the Pharisees and Herodians in accusing, persecuting,  and even killing Christ, for not keeping the Sabbath according to their own ideas, and the course pursued by the " Pharisees and Herodians"of our own day against those who follow Christ's example. This is an excellent number to follow up Nos. 14, 15, and 16. " Christ and the Sabbath " shows what the true Sabbath is; "Rome's Challenge" shows what the spurious Sabbath is; " Our Answer " shows our attitude during the contest be-tween the true and the spurious Sabbaths; and No. 18 sets forth Christ as our exam-ple in continuing faithful to the true Sab-bath, and shows that since Jesus was persecuted for Sabbath-breaking when he was Sabbath-keeping, so when we are per-secuted for Sabbath-breaking when we are Sabbath-keeping, we are in " most blessed company." Will every Sabbath-keeper show his faithfulness by giving this number of the Library at least as wide a circulation as any previous number ? Thirty-two pages, price 4 cents; fifty for $1.00. Orders can be filled at once by the Pacific Press, 43 Bond Street, New York. An Unparalleled Offer. Fox $1.25 we will send the AMERICAN SENTINEL to any address for one year and give as a premium one copy of " The Marvel of Nations." This book is bound in boards, is cloth-covered, embossed in jet and gold, and has always sold for $1.00 per copy. Our offer reduces it to 25 cents with the Sentinel. The book will be sent either to the subscriber or to the one securing the subscription. This will enable old subscribers to obtain the book for themselves for only twenty-five cents by simply obtaining one new subscriber at the regular price and adding twenty-five cents for the book, making $1.25 in all. WE have received Vol. 1 of the " Re-ligious Liberty Library," Nos. 1 to 6, 126 pages, neatly bound in cloth, making a volume of convenient size, and costing only 75 cents. This is something that every Seventh-day Adventist, and es-pecially every minister, ought to have. Address all orders to the I. R. L. Associa-tion, 271 West Main Street, Battle Creek, Mich. WE have secured a quantity of the Catholic Mirror pamphlets on the Sab-bath question, at such rates as to enable us to offer them to our customers at better terms than formerly. Single copies, ten cents as formerly; three copies to one address, twenty-five cents; ten copies to one address, seventy cents. Pacific Press, 43 Bond St., New York City. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per year, - - 90o 25 to 99 " " " " " - - - 80a 100 to 249 " " " - - 75c li 250 to 499 " " " 6, " - - - 70c 44 500 to 999 " " " f i . - 65c " 1000 or more " - . - 60c To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. f,t 