NEW YORE, APRIL 6, 1899. THE Russian government has made an amendment to the fifth com-mandment of the Decalogue, making it require the honor due to father and mother to be paid also' to the officials of the government. This is the way it will hereafter be taught to the children. Civil governments and other or-ganizations of men, secular and ec-clesiastical, have on various occa-sions undertaken to amend the law of God so as to supply omissions and oversights on the part of its Author, as they appear to the minds of the human critics. Such an act, of course, means an assumption of equality with God. But is it any worse for the Russian government to presume to change the fifth commandment, than for the papacy to presume to change the fourth so as to make it require the observance of the first day of the week, or for Protestants to acquiesce in this arrangement? 224. AMERICAN SENTINEL. THE attention of the fire commis-sioner of this city has been called by Archbishop Corrigan to the brave and heroic conduct of two of the city firemen at the burning of the Wind-sor Hotel. The archbishop does this, as he states, by request of a woman whose life'was saved by these men. But why does the fire commissioner need to have his attention called to heroic conduct on the part of the firemen? Who ought to know about such conduct better than the fire commissioner himself? The rescue was an act of such daring that it wasp commented on by all the papers, and even illustrated by some, and nobody who knew anything about the fire could help knowing about this incident. And even if by some  chance this had missed the notice of the fire commissioner, why should the work of calling his attention to it devolve upon an official of the church? Is not the city government competent to take care of such mat-ters as the promotion of its officers without assistance from some eccle-siastic? From the archbishop's let-ter we would infer that it is not. It is, of course, good Roman Cath-olic doctrine that no city is compe- tent to manage its own affairs with-out the advice and supervision of the church. But that doctrine is wholly out of place in American pol-itics. A FEw years ago a great stir was made about official corruption in this city, and a crusade, led by the famous Lexow Committee and Dr. Parkhurst, was inaugurated to rem- edy the evil. The city was put under new political control, and stringent regulations were passed for the sup- pression of rampant evils. For a time a great triumph seemed to have been won, and Dr. Parkhurst became the most famous clergyman in the country. The outflowing evil was checked; but the stream was only dammed up. What was the result? The impure source kept on giving out its corrup-tion, the stream began to overflow, and finally burst the barrier and swept everything before it. Dr. Parkhurst himself now admits that the city is more corrupt than it ever was before; and the State Assembly at Albany has decided that another investigation must be had similar to that conducted by the Lexow Com-mittee. But Dr. Parkhurst says it will do no good. And in this he is right. It will do no good to dam up the stream; it is the cleansing of the stream alone that can make things permanently better. And as long as clergymen stick to their proper busi-ness of preaching to the people the gospel of salvation from sin, they will be doing infinitely more to pro-mote the cause of good government  than they possibly can do' as lobby-ists in the legislatures and allies of the politicians. THE war in the Philippines contin-ues, and American sons and hus-bands and fathers are daily giving up their lives upon that far-off:soil, not to mention the greater slaughter of the natives. Almost as many Americans have been killed or wounded since the fighting began as were reported during the campaign for the capture of Santiago, in Cuba. The American soldiers are fighting with their accustomed spirit and bravery; but for what? For Amer-ica?--no foe threatens American soil; for American principles?ŠWhatprin-ciple demands the subjugation of people in Asia? for liberty?ŠWhen was liberty ever conferred from the muzzles of guns? What is to be bought by the pay-ment of this terrible price of blood and sorrow and ruin? What is there in all the Philippines that is worth laying one American citizen in a for-eign grave, making one American woman a widow, one American child an orphan, to obtain? Bitter enough are the firstfruits of imperialism. THE charges made by General Miles against the Beef Trust which fur-nished provision for the American army in Cuba, appear to have been thoroughly proved before the inves-tigating commission. WHEN Americans turn their backs upon the Constitution, it does not take long for that document to be-come antiquated in their eyes. IN 1897, there were in New York city 1,137 arrests for violation of the Sunday laws. The number in 1898 was somewhat less. GOVERNMENTS may become des-potic, but they cannot, put liberty beyond the reach of the soul. 