42 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. muted this enterprise, nor do I criticise the system of kindergartens. They are all right. But the argument was that we should provide means by which the Government may become the father or the mother of the child at the age of three, taking him out of the street and making a good citizen of him ; that it is better to support such a system as this rather than to maintain prisons and peniten-tiaries. But the statistics not only of this country but other countries fail to sustain the argument that in proportion to the schools and kindergartens which are established the prisons and the penitentiaries are less necessary. This proposition involves all along the idea of taking the child at the age of three years and putting him entirely under the influence of public-school teachers ; of others than the parents. In this idea there is a total neglect of what is a very necessary branch of education. The child is taught from the start that he must look to the Government for everything; that is the first principle. The idea of self-reliance is entirely eradicated ; he is taught to look to the Government for clothing, food, and everything. Not only that, but he, is taken care of by the public instructor, by the Gov-ernment through its agents, and to this extent home influences are removed from him, the great lesson of morality and religion, those principles which are necessary in the government of the life of a man or a woman to keep him or her out of the peniten-tiary or the prison, are almost entirely neglected. The thing that we call progress in the pnblic schools includes especially looking to the intellectual training of the child; and besides we have a lot of teachers going from school-house to school-house attending to the development of the muscles, giving lessons about physical movements and various forms of muscular exercises. I make no objection what-ever to that ; I think it is all very well ; but I do not believe in governmental control and education of the intellect and the muscles to the entire neglect of the home teaching of the heart, the instruction in morality, fidelity, honesty, industry, self-reliance, religion. These are all wiped out by the paternal system of government. Mr. Clements has clearly pointed out some of the evils of this system of laying upon the State burdens and responsibili-ties that should be borne by the individ-ual. Parents can do for their children vastly more in the way of aiding them to form right characters than it is possible for the State to do, and they are under the most solemn obligations to do it. They make a fatal mistake when they seek, at the hands of the State, relief from the re-sponsibilities which come to them because they are parents. It is right that schools should be established for the instruction of the youth of both sexes in those things that cannot be better taught at home; but the idea that children of tender age must be taught in public kindergartens and that girls must be taught the culinary art in public schools and at public ex-pense, when the instruction could be given much better in the home, is most mis-chievous. It shows a dangerous tendency on the part of the parents to shirk duties that should be held sacred and conscien-tiously discharged, and also an equally dangerous tendency upon the part of the State to undertake work that naturally belongs to the home. The home and home influences should be preserved at all haz-ards; parental care and parental influences should be preserved and strengthened rather than weakened. Did we for a mo- ment believe that as a people we were dependent upon public school training for a higher grade of morals in the rising generation of both sexes, we should de-spair of the future of our country. If good morals and correct habits cannot be taught in the home, and if American home influences are so impotent and de-praved that they cannot be trusted to teach moral principles and domestic du-ties, the evil is indeed great; so great that the State, which cannot possibly be mor-ally superior to the individuals that com-pose it, cannot correct it, even by such heroic methods as public kindergartens and State-supported kitchens. C. P. B. Efficacy of Prayer. THE Christian Cynosure, of Chicago, a religious paper, contends in favor of hav-ing all courts of justice, as well as sessions of legislative bodies and political conven-tions, opened with prayer, and also that on a case being tried in the courts and submitted to a jury, their first act, on re-tiring to the jury-room, should be to kneel and engage in prayer for divine enlighten-ment and guidance. If, as would probably sometimes be the case, there is not a single religious man among the twelve, the writer would have a clergyman called in to pray with and for them. The following almost incredible instance is given in illustration of the efficacy of prayer in the jury-room. In an important case recently tried at Wichita, Kansas, the jury failed to agree and were kept in their room two whole days. They were unanimously of opinion at the end of this time that agfeement on a verdict was impossible, and so de-clared, but the Judge, a very pious man, refused to discharge them, and called in his pastor, who not only prayed for, but preached to them in the jury-room, with the result that they agreed on the first ballot after these extraordinary services. What the verdict was, and whether it was a just one or not, it is not stated, and was apparently not considered essential to the argument. It was sufficient that some agreement was arrived at. If the decis-ion of the jury in this instance was, as is sometimes the case, in direct opposition to the law, and the facts as brought out at the trial, the result certainly does not tell in favor of -the experiment. Again, if the decision was a just one in this case, no assurance is afforded of a similar result in another case. For aught that appears, the effect of their confine-ment for the third day, and their being subjected to listen to a perhaps tedious prayer and more tedious sermon, was only to render the jurymen desperate and lead them to agree on something, no matter what, so as to get away from their irk-some prison house and the presence of their ghostly tormentor. However this may have been, the whole proceeding, if it ever took place, which there is great reason to doubt, was an absurd farce and a disgraceful travesty of justice and right. While a jury-is in session, no communication with outsiders is rightly allowable. Its seclusion is sa-cred, and the intrusion of any person, either clerical or lay, with the view of influ-encing their verdict in any manner, directly or indirectly, is inexcusable. That it should have been done at the suggestion, or by the order rather, of the Court, as stated, is well-nigh incredible. If it was, the Judge should be impeached and di-vested of his besmirched judicial robes as soon as possible. The establishment of such a custom might be of some value to impecunious and place-hunting preachers, for in that case each trial court would have to em-ploy a salaried court preacher, as well as a short-hand reporter, but otherwise no one would be benefited, and the entire tendency of the thing would be to bring the court and its decisions into deserved contempt. Preaching and praying are religious exercises; and under our secular form of government, are as much out of place in our legislative halls and courts of justice as in our public schools. All mixing u,p of Church and State is an abomination and an offense to the spirit of our free institutions. It is true, and pity 'tis true that chap-lains are still employed in our Legislatures and sometimes, not always, in our polit-ical conventions. It is one of those cases where old custom retains its sway in despite of general progress and more sen-sible views. It used to be the custom in New England, before a general election, for one of the ministers of the Capital City to preach by appointment an " elec-tion sermon," as it was called, and in some States the old custom is still observed, but it is little regarded in these days, and is " more honored in the breach than in the observance." Nothing is here said or intimated against prayers or sermons in their proper place, but that place is not Our civil courts of justice or the jury-room.ŠOakland (Cal.) Times. 4-Ł  Good Sense. ONE of the principles of the Farmers' Alliance, which has of late become a power in politics, is that the Government shall issue a sufficient quantity of treasury notes to enable the business of the country to be transacted on a cash basis, and that these notes should be loaned to the people on any good security at a rate of interest not to exceed two per cent. This is a very taking proposition to people who want money, and do not think enough to know how real money only can come. The Na-tional Grange has failed. in with the Farmers' Alliance on this point; and the 