AMEI;ZICANT SENTINEL. 83 there is no command of God, there is no obligation towards God. They themselves confess that there is no command of God for the observance of Sunday; yet they demand laws to compel men to obServe that day as an obligation enjoined by the Lord. In so doing, therefore, they re-quire as an obligation to God that which they themselves say God has not required. In so doing they put themselves in the place of God, and require that their will shall be accepted as the will of God. They require that their views, without any command from the Lord, shall be en-forced upon all men; and that all men shall be required to yield obedience then as to an obligation enjoined by the Lord. This is the very spirit of, the Papacy. That is precisely what the Papacy has done over and over again. That is what made the Papacy that which the Script-ures declared it would show itself to be, the " mystery of iniquity " opposing and exalting itself above all that is called God or that is worshiped ; so that lie as God sitteth in the templeŠthe place of wor-shipŠof God showing himself that he is God. And the Papacy has justified itself in those things in the same way in which this organization justifies itself in doing the same thing. , That is by tradition, and what Christ " probably " taught or might have intended to teach, or would have taught, if the matter had only been brought to his attention. - Now, in conclusion, let us not be mis-understood. We do not deny the right of any of these persons to keep Sunday. We maintain that they all have the right to keep Sunday if they choose, without mo-lestation from anybody, even though there be no command of God for it. This is their right and they are responsible to God onlyfor the exercise of it. What we object to is their assumption of authority, and their demand for laws, to compel any-body to keep it. Nor do we object to their doing this because there is no command of God for it. We would object just as much to their doing it, though there were ten tkousand commands of God for it. No authority but that of God can ever of right enforce a command, of God. Men are responsible to God alone for their con-duct with respect to anything enjoined by him. In, review of the arguments of the Sun-day-law workers, we were brought to the consideration of their own published ques- tions as to what the Bible teaches about the Sabbath, and as to -which day is the Sabbath. We have found by their own arguments and admissions that they know that the Bible teaches precisely what the commandment of God saysŠA' the seventh day is the Sabbath:" We have likewise found by their own plainŁ statements, that without , any divine command, they have adopted, the observ- ance of Sunday, w,  and no demand laws, both State Łand 'national,. to enforce upon  all, as of divine obligation, the observance of that for which they say there is no divine command. We have stated to our readers simply, what these organizations say in their offi-cially published arguments for Sunday laws. It was our duty to do so, and the conclu-sion of the whole matter, the sum of all that has been said, is: As it would be to-tally wrong and utterly unjustifiable to enforce, by State or national law, the observance of the day which God has com-manded; it is infinitely more so, and the very "mystery of iniquity," to enforce, as duty towards God, the observance of any institution, or day, or rite, for which there is no command of God. A. T. J. Historical Precedents. THOSE who are seeking religious legis-lationŠa union of Church and StateŠdo not argue the question on its own merits, showing that such legislation is in har-mony with equal liberty and the rights of conscience; but instead of this they hunt for historical precedents, as though the practice of our fathers sanctified anything however erroneous, and made wrong right. Accordingly they speak of "securing teach-ers in all American schools who are im-bued with the American spirit, and are able to instruct the children in historic American principles;" and also that in the selection of text books " to see that they do justice to the facts of American history and to conceded American constitutional principles." They say that a school from which the Bible is excluded " is not in the historic sense, an American school, and does not conform to the actual character of American institutions." If they go back to our colonial history, they will find the beauties of religious legislation exemplified in the persecution of those whose consciences led them to differ from the creed of the majority. And by a very few steps they might trace these " American principles " back to Rome. Our American Constitution was intended to prevent the repetition of re-ligious persecutions. It was designed to protect all in their religious rights, and to give no special favor to any. If the Chris-tian religion can enjoy the equal protec-tion of civil laws, it asks no more. To ask more is contrary to the principles of Christianity a violation of its Golden Rule. Ł To go back of the formation of our Constitution for " historic American prin- ciples" is to enter the shadow of the Dark Ages. The "conceded American consti-tutional principles " are not conceded by all, nor by any who justly expound that instrument. Let them come to the Con-stitution itself for proofs and arguments, and not plead what somebody has con-ceded. When they find what they want in the Constitution, they will no longer ask for a " religious amendment." Their  argument amounts to this : " Our Gov-ernment has been a Christian Government from the beginning; therefore the Consti-tution must be so amended as to make it a Christian Government." R. F. COTTRELL. Could They Be Trusted? THE Christian, a religious paper, pub-lished in Little Rock, Arkansas, is per-plexed over the condition of the political parties in that State, and appeals to the secular press for light upon the, subject. The difficulty is that the papers, one and all, affirm that politics in the State are corrupt. " It is a common expression," says the Christian, "in the lips'of every one, that the politics of this country are as corrupt as hell." But this the Chris-tian ironically argues, must be a mistake so far as Arkansas is concerned, " because the leaders are all members of the church in good standing and full fellowship !" "Now you don't suppose," continues our contemporary, " this would be true if we were given to lying, slander, ballot-box stuffing, ballot stealing, intimidation, mis-representation and bribery ? Certainly not. A man who is a member of the church, in good standing and full fellowship, is a saint, or a hypocrite. The politicians of this State are all members of the church, therefore, they are all saints, and the poli-tics of this State are as pure as the driven snow." Ł After naming a number of the State officers, and giving the churches of which they are members, the Christian con-tinues:Š In the lower House of the last Legislature, out of nearly a hundred men, sent up here from all parts of the State, all but thirteen wrote themselves down as members of the church. So the secular press is mistaken about there being any corruption in poli-tics. These men seem to be on opposite sides, but they are not. They are all " pilgrims and strangers on the earth seeking a city that hath foundations whose builder and maker is God." "They have crucified the flesh with all its affections and lusts," including desire for office. They have all renounced the hidden things of darkness and are walking in the light as children of the day. They have each pledged themselves to seek for the other's good and not his own, therefore, each candidate is trying his best to secure votes for his opponent; and is ready to deny himself that his brother may be elected. Then in a graver tone, the Christian says:- - In all seriousness, the churches of Arkansas are responsible for the-  corruption in politics. . " Salt is good: but if the salt has lost its savor, wherewith shall it be seasoned ? It is fit neither for the land nor yet for the dunghill: but men cast it out. He that hath ears to hear let him hear." You [the churches] are losing your savor rapidly. You are hardly fit for the dunghill now. It is all your women can do to keep you alive by suppers, festivals, fairs and all kinds of schemes to get a little money out of unwilling contributors. People do not want to support, your churches, -and if left to your own merits for support you would die, in one short year. . , 0 Lprd convert the preachers Ł and leading members! This is from a religious organ, and yet 