AMERICAN SENTINEL. 253 duct." This chapter urges members not to follow any pleasures 'as cannot be used in the name of Jesus,' and `that they avoid the very appearance of evil.' This would remove the specific injunctions against dancing, card playing, theaters and like amusements. "In the New York East Conference the question was brought up by Prof. W. N. Rice, of,Wesleyan. It was decided by a large majority vote to ask the General Conference to strike out the rule. "One of the arguments that has been urged against the rule has been that it was practically a dead letter; that the young folk danced, attended theaters and card parties. In the New York East Conference yesterday the Rev. J. M. Buckley said the clause never should have been adopted. "Should the General Conference act on the recom-mendation of the State conferencesŠand the general belief is that it willŠthe move will be the most radi-cal made in the Methodist Episcopal Church in many years." If the rule against indulgence in carnal amusements is practically a dead letter in the Methodist Church, it is because it has not been enforced; and if this is so, the bars against worldliness have already been let down and only the empty form of church discipline remains as regards these worldly pleasures. This will naturally tend to facilitate additions to the church from the world, but it was not by such means that the church of Wesley and Whitefield rose to its present position of power in the earth. SIN is the transgression of the law of God; crime, the, transgression of the law of man. But the law of God must be-  transgressed in thought and motive, of which the act is only the outward expression; while the law of man prohibits the outward act only. The sin is committed in the heart before there is any act of which the state can take cognizance as a crime. Hence the same thing cannot, strictly speaking, be both a sin and a crime; and the spheres of civil government and of religion do not cover common ground. WILL some one tell us a single tendency in the Gov-ernment of the United States at the present time toward the spread or establishment of republican liberty?ŠIndependent Patriot, Lamoni, Iowa, March 29. PURE ALL WHEAT GRAHAM FLOUR ground under our personal supervision, fresh to our order. We will just now fill orders at $4.00 per bbl. Grape Juice, pure, unfermented, 3 qts. for $1.00; 5 pts. for $1.10. Ssnd for new lists. Remit by money orders. NEW YORK FOOD CO., OXFORD, N. Y. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write, Names Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal cheeks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. AM   NRIC_A_INT S   1-111TTIN   H]L, Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom-promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. PUBV_,ISHED WEEKLY BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. Single Copy, Per Year $1.00. Six months - .50. Three months .25. ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York. HEALTH How to find it When it's lost How to keep it When it's found. This new bbok is attracting favorable attention wherever circulated, on account of its practical health hints and its numerous statistical tables in which are set forth the scientific principles upon which the book is based. But do not get an idea that the book is full of technical terms which the ordinary reader will not understand, for such is not the case. It is written in the interesting, entertaining style peculiar to the writer who is a lecturer of wide experience. The following are the chapter titles:Š The Lost Treasure Man!s Present Condition Errors in Diet The Enemies of Man The Digestive Agents Timely Suggestions What td Eat and Why To Whom Do We Belong? Useful information Home Remedies for Common Diseases Seasonable Recipes. This book contains 222 pages, is well printed on good book paper, bound in neat green cloth, and will be sent postpaid for $1.00 Address any of our Agencies, or Address Pacific Press Publishing Co., 39 Bond St., New( York City. KANSAS CITY, MO. OAKLAND, CALIF. 