184 THE AlVIERIC,`.A_N. SENTINEL. NEW YORK, JUNE 5, 1890. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in Advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE German Emperor makes " Sunday rest-" the phase of the industrial quiestion,' which claims " the foremost attention." It will not be long before the Sunday-law question becomes not only a national but an international one. THE Woman's Christian Temperance Union takes to itself much credit for se-curing the Illinois Compulsory Education law. They are entitled to all the credit that attaches to such a' statute. The law is entirely worthy of its source THE Christian "Union says that " Few intelligent Christians believe that the earthly body has any resurrection." Such " intelligence " as that is the most serious kind of ignorance. Such wisdom as that is of that kind which by wisdom knows riot God, at the last. The earthly body of Jesus Christ had a resurrection, and so must every one have who will ever be where he is. A CONTRIBUTOR to Łthe Western Wave, of South Dakota, states that in some of the public schools in Grant County in that State "the Roman Catholic catechism is being taught." Those who know of it ought to have it stopped. The Roman Catholics of South Dakota have no more right to use their catechism in the public school, than the Protestants of Wiscon-sin have to use the King James version of the Bible in the public school. Ł -4. IN defense of the Bennett law, Governor Hoard cites the fact that some persons who could not understand English had been seduced into signing what they sup-posed were contracts to sell patent rights or something of that sort, while in fact they had signed promissory notes for large amounts of money, or perhaps mortgages on their farms. Well, we have known that to be done all over the land, to peo-ple who could not understand any lan-guage but English. If the Governor's argument means anything, it means, that people who can speak, read, and write English are thereby made safe from being deceived or swindled. That is giving rather more virtue to the English lan-guage than it had ever yet been known to display. But perhaps the idea is in- tended to be conveyed that the Bennett,law gives to the English language this virtue. If so-.then the argument has at least one -merit, it is.the only real point that has yet_ been made in favor of that law. THE Hon. J. M. Palmer, late .United States minister to Spain, adopted in Spain, and ,brought honie with him, a Spanish boy.. As the Spanish nurse who had en-gaged to come was hindered at the last moment, Mr. Palmer waited in this city until another could come from Spain; because, he says, he desires that conversa-tion with the child shall be Wholly in Spanish, and that his instruction shall be in that language also. It is a good thing that Mr. Palmer lives in Michigan, instead of Wisconsin or Illinois. Otherwise, he might soon find himself undergoing_ pros-ecution for not giving the child instruction in English, and for. not causing the child to forget the_Spanish language as soon as possible. SUNDAY evening, May 11, Rev. Theo. Clifton, of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, deliv- ered a lecture on " What Protestants May Learn from Catholics," in which he said:Š They [the Catholics] must give to support their work. They dare not do otherwise for fear the priest will send them to hell. When I have gone to a millionaire to get a few hundred dollars for the support of our cause, and have been refused, I have sometimes wished for the power of the priest to say to him, " Give me a hundred thousand dollars or here you go." That is just about the size of it. That is a very fair illustration of what Protest-ant preachers learn from Roman Catholic priests, and of how they learn it. The trouble is, they are learning too much from this source. Woe to the people when these men get the power to practice what they are learning. Mr. Clifton is a Congregationalist. .-+ Ł  THE Canadian Supreme Court has just decided that -in the works of Victor Hugo there is nothing immoral, even though they may be condemned by the Roman Catholic Church. The case grew out of the refusal of certain Catholic booksellers of Montreal to fulfill a contract which they had made to supply a customer with Hugo's works, on the ground that as Catholics they could not sell works con-demned by the church. The court very properly held that the Congregation of the Index, or any other congregation, could not make laws annulling the legal con-tracts between its own members and outside parties. The Catholic Review of this city complains that this is sim-ply  a Protestant decision and that it places the booksellers in a dilemma: they must " commit a grievous sin by dealing in prohibited books, or they lose heavily by breaking their contract." This, the Review thinks, "only illustrates a plain but 'much-obscured fact, that Church and State cannot ignore each other, even  if they would." It is evident that the ed-itor of the Catholic Review would like to see " the Church " clothed with power to revoke 'civil contracts just as she used to do in the palmy days of the Inquisition. The bookseller was not obliged to make that contract; but having voluntarily en-tered into such a contract it was only jus-tice that he should fulfill it. Let Roman Catholics make no such contracts, and they will have no such difficulties. No decree of any church can impair the obli-gation of contracts. -  MANITOBA has adopted a law by which it is proposed that from the first day of May and forward, the schools shall be public schools, and so conducted as to be without offense to Catholic or Protestant; in short, unsectarian. Accordingly in-structions were given as follows :Š On the first of 1VIay the Catholic school board will cease to' exist and the Protestant school board will become the public school board of the city. The members of the Protestant school board will con-tinue in the office of public school trustees for the remainder of their respective terms. After the first of May all moneys due to the Catholic school board on the levy of 1890 will belong and be pay-able to the public school board. This is to say, that the public schools of Manitoba shall henceforth be Protestant public schools, and that they shall be mi-sectarian Protestant schools. This is the same kind of public schools that those people in this country want, who are clamoring for the teaching of religion in the public schools. Ł So.:Am time ago we mentioned the pam-phlet "Bible Principles and the Union of Church and State," issued by the London branch of the Pacific Press. We had then received only a sample copy. We are glad to announce that we have the pam-phlet now' in stock and can fill orders promptly. Aside from the Bible princi-ples, which are universal, there is much in this pamphlet that is of interest to the people of the United States in its excellent showing of some of the workings of Church and State when legally, or rather illegally, joined. In the presence of the workings of the National Reform Associ- ation and its allies this book makes good reading for Americans. We shall present extracts from time to time in THE SENTI- NEL; but everybody should have the-pam-phlet. Send in your orders. Price, forty cents. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1.00 In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, . . 75c. To foreign countries-, single subscription, post-paid. . 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York. 