390 THE A_AZIERICAN SENTINEL. passed in the Methodist meeting, without a dissenting vote, endorsing the movement to enforce Scriptural reading at the morn-ing exercises in all the schools. This was the state of affairs when Dr. Jackson, Dr. Bennett, and Rev. J, P. Brushingham be-gan the agitation of the question. Last Monday morning, Rev. Brushingham, the young and talented pastor of Ada Street Methodist Church, read a paper before the Methodist minister's meeting which was an eloquent and logical discussion of the relations of Church and State and its ap-plication to the question in hand. Through the kindnes of the author I was furnished the manuscript for publication in THE SENTINEL, but owing to its length and the fact that quotations from it would not do the author justice I have withheld it. There was but one minister who opposed the paper on the main issue, and who argued the right of the State to teach religion, and he was so thoroughly an-swered by such men as Dr. Jackson, Dr. Frank Bristol, of Trinity Methodist Church, Dr. Bennett, of the Garrett Biblical Insti-tute, and Dr. Grey, of the Freedman's Aid Society, that the principles of the paper were practically triumphant. THE WORLD'S FAIR AND SUNDAY CLOSING. The question of opening or closing the Fair is occupying the attention of all classes of society and the representatives of every phase of religious belief. The Chicago Evening Post recently closed a six-weeks' discussion of the question, in which all were requested to participate, and to express their wishes regarding the matter of closing, by casting a ballot either for or against. The discussion brought out the -fact that there were many ortho-dox Christians who, while regarding their attendance at the Fair on the Sabbath ob-jectionable, argued that they had no right to ask that the Fair be closed against those that differed from them. It was gratifying to notice that the most intelligent agitators of Sunday closing were careful to state that they did not ask that the Fair be closed because of religious reasons, but on civil grounds only, thus showing that the principles of absolute separation of ChUrch and State are recog-nized in theory, if not in practice. The ballot in the Post resulted, for opening,  on Sunday, 10,316; against opening on Sunday 5,102. At the recent session of the Ladies' Co-lumbian Commission, a vote was taken to ascertain the sense of the committee on the question of opening of the Fair. The ballot stood twenty-one to twenty-eight in favor of closing, many refusing to vote. Later the matter was reconsidered and the vote rescinded. The National Commission decided to leave the matter of closing to the local committee, and information has gone out to the effect that this committee will take no action. in the matter until the formal  opening of the Fair. This is accepted by the friends of closing as an indication that the Fair is to be kept open, at least por-tions of it ; the delay in deciding the ques-tion they consider to be a policy to prevent the dampening of enthusiasm in the enter-prize which would result from deciding the matter either way 4,present. Another one of the " signs of the times " as regards the Sunday-closing agitation .was noticeable in the interest taken in a mass-meeting, projected by the Sunday-rest League, which was ostensibly called in the interests of a civil rest day and which was attended by nearly five thousand people, who paid an ad-mittance fee of from twenty-five cents to a dollar and a quarter; and the lack of in-terest in the recent meeting of the Ameri-can Sabbath Union, whose basis is the " divine authority and perpetual obliga-tion of the Sabbath," which was attended on an average by about twenty-five per-sons. It is evident from the comparative interest taken in the two meetings that the future basis, if it be a basis, for the enforcement of Sunday laws will be the need of physical rest. THE KING CASE. The practical workings of Sunday laws were recently exposed by the Associated Press Dispatch, published in all the leading papers in this city, announcing the release from jail of R. M. King, of Troy, Ten-nessee, on a writ of habeas corpus. Mr. King was imprisoned in default of the payment of seventy-five dollars imposed on him by the Circuit Court of Tennessee, and confirmed by the Supreme Court of the State, for plowing his field on Sunday. This case is now regarded with universal interest. The following is a copy of a letter addressed to Mr. King, by a well-, known business man of the city :Š MR. R. M. KING}.ŠDear Sir : I hope you will for these few lines excuse a stranger, as I never saw you and doubtless never shall as I am seventy years old and near the end of my race. I see by the Tribune this morning, which I send you, that you have been forced. into an oppressive lawsuit, alike disgraceful to Tennessee and her Courts. Fight it out to the bitter end. You have the sympathy, and if necessary shall have the aid, of one who gave the life of a brave nephew at Chick-amauga for the liberty you have, and must preserve. If you should deem anything I send you worthy of notice, you can address me at where dur- ing the. World's Fair you and your's will find a home beneath the roof that protects your unknown and obtrusive friend. It would doubtless have little consoling effect on Mr. King to inform him that his past year's experience in being dragged from court to court, was the result of a "civil" Sunday law and not a religious enactment. A. F. BALLENGER. MAN has a, right to speak, think;  and write with freedom upon all subjects ; but he has no right to force his opinions upon others, or to persecute those who differ with him in belief,Š/Ifachaivei. Violation of Sunday Laws. At the present term of the court Judge Young had some cases before him, pre-sented by the Grand Jury, charging cerŠtain merchants with violation of the Sun-day law. This is the second term of the court within eighteen months, at which the violation of this law has been called to the attention of the court. At the first term the fines imposed by the court were nominal. At this term the court sentenced the parties violating the law to fines as high as fifty dollars, and costs. It is to be presumed that Judge Young intends not only to punish those who may violate the law, but to deter others from violating it. This manner of enforcing the law, will secure its observance in this parish.ŠTensas (Louisiana) Gazette. It would be well if at our next term of court an investigation should be made into the prevalent 'way of keeping the Sunday law in this parish. There is a good deal to be said against this law, but if 'the Government of the country is to take charge of the morals of the people, then the Sunday law should be rigorously enforced everywhere. In fact there seems no reason why the New En-gland " Blue Laws " should not be revived and put, in force.ŠMadison (Louisiana) Journal..  THE Lutheraner, of St. Louis, Mo., thus defines the attitude of the German Luther-ans toward the use of the English lan-guage in their schools Not only has the English a place in the curriculum of our schools, but it is treated as a second mother tongue, and in a num-ber of branches is the medium of instruc-tion. It may be that here and there in the country districts this plan is not fully carried out; but these are exceptions to the rule, the removal of which is our con-stant endeavor. The synods which urge-  the duty upon parents of having their children educated in the Chfistian schools, at the same time emphasize the duty of providing such in-struction in English, that the children may be able take their place in a commu-nity in which the English is the prevailing language. When it comes to statistics, it may turn out to be that, on the whole, the public schools accomplish no better results in the English than do the parochial schools. The German Lutherans are op-posed to the Bennett law, not because it demands a certain amount of English, but because this law is a gross interference of the State in the domain of the Church. For, according to. the Bennett law, it is possible to compel parents to educate their children in the public schools, where no religious instruction is imparted, even if the children in the parochial schools know three times as much English as the law demands. 