162 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. that as sin hath reigned unto death, even so might grace reign through righteousness unto eternal life by Jesus Christ our Lord." The law of God, the ten commandments, existed before Sinai as really as afterward, for it is a truth well and eloquently ex-pressed by Gibbon: " The God of nature has written his existence in all his works and his law in the heart of man."ŠDecline and Fall, chap. 50, par. 14. Question 2.ŠIf the principles of the moral law are implanted by the Creator in every person's heart, does it not, follow then that every person has mo-rality within himself ? Answer.ŠIt does not follow, because all have sinned, transgressed the law, and come short of the glory of God. Morality does not consist in a knowledge of the law of God, but in the doing of it. He has written his law in the heart of man, but by transgression man has made himself unrighteous. God has planted in the heart of man a knowledge of morality, a knowledge of right, but by transgression man has made himself immoral, and by that also has obscured the knowledge of morality which was at the first planted there, and which would have ever re-mained had man remained moral. 'More than this, by his transgression, by his immorality, man has robbed himself of the power to do fully according to the measure of right which even yet he knows. Every man on earth knows this is so, therefore we say again as we said in our notice of Mr. Bierbower's book that it is not enough for men in this world to know what is right to do, but they must have the power to do the right which they know. This power comes alone by faith in Jesus, Christ for the Gospel of Christ is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth. This whole matter is clearly expressed in Romans 3 :19-26. " What things soever the law saith, it saith to them who are under the law : that every Mouth may be stopped; and all the world may become guilty before God. Therefore by the deeds of the law shall no flesh be justified [accounted moral] in his sight : for by the law is the knowledge of sin [immorality]. But now the righteousness [the morality] of God without the law is manifested, being witnessed by the law and the prophets; even the righteousness [the morality] of God which is by faith of Jesus Christ unto all and upon all them that believe; for there is no difference: for all have sinned, [have become immoral] and come short of the glory of God; being justified [accounted moral] freely by his grace through the redemption that is in Christ Jesus : whom God hath set forth to be a propitiation through faith in his blood, to declare his righteousness [his morality] for the remission of sins [im-morality] that are past, through the for-bearance of God; to, declare, I say, at this time his righteousness : [his morality] that he might be just, and the justifier of  him which believeth in Jesus." Therefore we have always said and always do say, that outside of a genuine abiding faith in Jesus Christ, there is no genuine morality in this world. Question 3. ŠDid Demosthenes, Aristotle, Soc-rates, and many other-  Greek philosophers teach morality ? And if not did they teach immorality ? Answer.ŠThey taught what they called morality, but they taught and practiced what was really immorality. Solon and Zeno both practiced sodomy. The Greek worship of Venus like that of its Baby- lonian and Roman counterpart was but open prostitution. The celebration of the mysteries, which was the supreme rite of Greek worship, was but the practice of things unfit to be named, - and of which the Scripture has well spoken that "it is a shame even to speak of those things which are done of them in secret." Plato taught both the expediency and the law-fulness of exposing children to die in par-ticular cases, and Aristotle counselled abortion. Both at Sparta and at Athens the exposure to die, or even the killing of infants, who were weak and imperfect in form, was practiced. Customary swear-ing was commended by the example of Socrates and Plato. Aristippus main-tained that it is lawful for a wise man to steal, to commit adultery, and sacrilege when opportunity offered. Menan der taught that a lie is better than a hurtful truth. Plato taught that " he may lie, who knows how to do it in a suitable ,time." And Socrates practiced such lewdness as is not fit to be named. So far indeed were the Greek philoso-phers from teaching morality that they both taught and practiced what would not be allowed in the category of common civility ih our day. In short, if the Greek philosophers could be set down in the United States to-day and should attempt to practice here what they both taught and practiced in Greece, and counted it morality too, the whole gang of them would be in the penitentiary inside of a week, and that would be the place for them too. Because American civilization, to say nothing at all of morality, would not countenance it for a day. Question 4 and 6 we omit as they are covered by Question 5.ŠIf the teaching of what is called morality is destructive to both the public schools and the State, and should therefore be entirely excluded from the teachers' curriculum, is not the right to teach his pupils to be kind, truthful, honest, industrious, pure, etc., by precept and example, taken from every teacher in our public schools ? Answer.ŠNot by any means. On the contrary the way is opened for every teacher to do these very things in the way in which only it is proper to teach them, and according to the design of the public school. The public school is designed to accomplish two principal things in the youth of the country. First, to give them such an education as shall fit them, as citizens or members of  the body politic, to take care of them-selves. It therefore teaches them to read and write and apply the principles of arithmetic. Second, to be good citizens. It should therefore teach the principles of citizen- ship. And this is but to say that they should be taught the principles of the government of which they are to be citizens. What then are the principles or elements of citizenship ? Religion cer-tainly is not one of them. The supreme law of the land" declares that " the Gov-ernment of the -United States is not in any sense founded on the Christian religion." If religion be an element of citizenship, it is but a logical step to a religious test as a qualification for office. But again, the supreme law declares that " no re-ligious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under this Government." If religion be an element of citizenship, it is only a logical and proper step that the Govern-ment should define and regulate it. But still the supreme law declares, " Congress shall make no law respecting the estab-lishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." Therefore as re-ligion, is not in any sense a requisite to citizenship, Ł it can have no place in a course of instruction which is designed to teach the principles and elements of citizenship. And as morality is insepar-able from religion, it falls in the same category. Yet more than this, ethics is the science of right and wrong, but the State does not, and can not, know any such thing as moral right or wrong, but only civil rights and wrongs. When a man steals, the State does not punish him because he sinned, but because he disregarded and invaded the rights of his fellow citizen, and did him a civil wrong. Now as the Government of the United States, and as also that of the several States, is founded upon the rights of men, there is an ample field open before all the teachers in the public schools for the teaching of all that pertains to good citizenship under this Government without entering the field of ethics as such, nor touching the question of religion or morality. The Declaration of Independence, the charter of American institutions and the foundation of the United States Govern-ment, plainly declares that " all men are created equal and are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights, among which are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." Here is the basis of what ought to be the teaching in all State schools, and the basis is broad enough for everything that is either rives-sary or proper to be taught in the public schools. It is the inalienable right of every individual in the Government to enjoy life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Let all the public school teachers teach to the °youth of this Nation, 