16 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, JANUARY 9, 1890, NOTE.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL withottt having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE Christian Nation notices the re-moval of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to this city, and remarks that "the firing will now be at closer range." Possible the Nation will now be able to shoot a little closer to the mark. Hitherto its failures to hit any-thing have been unparalleled by any journal with which we are acquainted, with the possible exception of the Christian' Statesman. THE ministers of Xenia, Ohio, have is-sued an address to their people, urging them to cease desecrating "the Sabbath" by refraining from burying the dead on that day, going to the post-office, reading secular papers, compelling servants to do household work, and traveling on Sunday, especially by railroad. This is all right; if the ministers of Xenia believe that Sun-day should be so strictly observed it is per-fectly right for them to persuade their people, or any other people, to keep it; but there the matter should end; they have no right to coerce people in such matters. A READER asks, " Can the Sunday bill become constitutional without being voted on by the people ?" There is no way in which the people can ever have an oppor-tunity to vote directly either for or against the proposed Sunday law. If Congress passes the bill and it is sustained by the Supreme Court, it will then be, for all prac-tical purposes, constitutional. Of course we do not think that a Sunday law would be constitutional in the sense of being in harmony with the intent of the framers of the Constitution, but it is not at all un-likely that the courts would sustain such a law as that proposed by Senator Blair. IN the late convention of the American Sabbath Union in this city the field sec-retary denounced certain base-ball leagues as "bands of criminals " because they play ball on Sunday, and the same con-vention asked Congress to pass a " civil Sabbath law." Now if the Sunday laws are " civil " statutes and forbid only that which is uncivil, then we should like very much for someone to tell what there is in the playing of base-ball on Sunday that is so intensely uncivil as to turn all who play it, into bands of criminals. In Cal-ifornia also last summer the field secre-tary denounced as criminals all members'  of thelegislature of that State who had  voted againsir a Sunday law, and declared that every one of them " ought to be in the penitentiary." Mr. Crafts is rather too prodigal -with his denunciations prop-erly to represent a minister of the gospel of ChriSt. Christ came not into the world to condemn the world, but that the world through Him might be saved. Ł Ł   LET none be deceived by the plausible cry of "a civil Sabbath." There is no such thing as a " civil Sabbath," and no-body wants such a thing. A "civil Sab-bath could be nothing else than a weekly holiday, when public business would be suspended and the people be left free to do as they please so long as they are civil, just as they are upon any other holiday. But that would be the "Continental Sun-day" with a vengeance; and that the Sunday-law advocates do not want. "Take the religion out and you take the rest out," says Mr. Crafts, thus showing that, in his opinion, a Sabbath to be.of any value must have a religious basis ; and that is the truth. But when that is admitted where is the civil Sabbath " ? The fact is, as before stated, that there is, and in the very nature of the case, can be no such thing as a civil Sabbath. It is simply chaff used to catch sparrows. THE field secretary of the American Sabbath Union should take the president of that association aside and instruct 'him in regard to the real object which they have in view. Mr. Crafts has been "swinging around the circle" explaining to the people that the Sunday movement is in the interest of the working men, a sort of sanitary measure as it were. But Mr. Shepard is continually saying some-, thing which, to say the least, excites a suspicion that the field secretary has been keeping something back; in short, that the real object of, the movement is some-thing else than that which he has repre-sented it to be. One of these unfortunate 'breaks" on Mr. Shepard's part was made in the recent meeting of the so-called Union in this city, when that gentleman offered some resolutions to the effect that the day Of the inauguration of the presi-dent of the United States should be upon the first Wednesday of March, instead of upon the . fourth day of that month. The reason for the change, as set forth in the resolutions, is that it would do away with the desecration of Sunday by enabling persons, east of the Mississippi, and those. living even farther away, to leave their homes on Monday, attend the inauguration ceremonies, and return home by Saturday of the same week: This, says ,the resolu-tions, would -prevent their " dishonoring the Lord's day for the purpose of honoring the president of the country." Now the question naturally arises what possible connection this proposed change in the day of the inauguration has with  a movement in the interests of the working men ? It certainly looks very much as though Mr. Shepard's object is to honor. Sunday, and to promote its observance nS a sacred day. And inasmuch as the Amer-ican Sabbath Union adopted the resolutions without a dissenting vote, it would seem that the Union is in perfect accord with its president. And thus it appears that unless Mr. Crafts is mistaken as to his real motive, he stands alone in his efforts to preserve the health of that large and respectable class which he professes to serve. THE object of the American Sabbath Union is declared by article 3 of its con-stitution to be, " To preserve the Christian Sabbath as a day of rest and worship." This object the Union proposes to effect by legislation. It makes no other effort than by law to do this. And granting just here, for the argument's sake, their claim that they do not propose to compel any-body to worship, they do propose.to com-pel everybody to rest, on what they themselves call "the Christian Sabbath." Now Christian institutions and Christian ordinances belong only to Christians. The Christian church is for Christians only; Christian baptism is for Christians only; the Lord's supper is for Christians only. If Sunday be the, Christian Sabbath, it likewise is for Christians only; and they not only have no right to compel those who are not Christians to observe it but those who are not Christians have no right voluntarily to observe it. THE fathers of our Constitution builded wisely when they inserted the provision that liberty of conscience must remain in-violate. To maintain that bulwark of lib-erty there must be a continuous and abso-lute separation of State and church and public schools from all religion. To guide the public-school system to its destiny it is absolutely essential that religious influence be far removed from the schools, and that sectarian doctrines be forever eliminated. The blending of popular education with religion has been fully illustrated by the present condition of Germany, where the fatal effects are now shown. Atheism and infidelity exist there to a larger extent than in any other civilized country.Š'Merced (Cal.) Express. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preserves; tion of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or. religious tests, and the . maintenance, of human rights both civil and religious. It will ever be tthcomprondsingly opposed to anything tending, towards a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. SINGLE ODV, PER YEAR, POk-PAID, . . $1.90. III clubs of ten or more copies, per year, , . 75c.- , To foreign colintries, single subscription, Post-Paid, 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL: Bpsiq ,STrar, Ng.77' YoRa. 