Jtrty 12, 1804. AM1l ICAN RITNITINITAL. 223 self on it : and the covering narrower than that he can wrap himself in it." Surely this " turning of things upside down " in the interests of Sunday sacredness "shall be esteemed as the potter's clay; for shall the work say to him that made it, He made me not ? or shall the thing that is framed say of him that framed it, He had no understanding ?" That is virtually what those do say who advocate the claims of the false Sabbath. But it may be insisted that more acci-dents occur on Sunday than on other days and that this fact can be accounted for only on the supposition that God sends his judgments upon those who dishonor that day. But it is by no means certain that more disasters take place on Sunday than on other days when an equal number of people are idle, and when so many un-skilled persons are engaged in handling boats, etc. But even if it were demon-strated that out of an equal number of pleasure seekers more were injured on Sunday than on other days, it would not prove that it was the judgments of God against those who refuse to honor the day. From the first chapter of Job we learn that Satan has a limited power over the -elements and that when permitted he can use them in the destruction of life and property. Then why not account for Sun-day disasters by saying that Satan the more securely to fasten his deceptions on the world and the more completely to root out God's Sabbath, the memorial of his creative power and the pledge of his power to re-create, causes the disasters which are seized upon by the friends of Sunday as evidences of God's special care for that day ? Certainly God is not using his power to degrade his own day and to exalt its rival and counterfeit. Must but Can't. THE Des Moines Register remarks that " the national Government must at the earliest date possible withdraw all support from sectarian Indian schools. This com-plication between the Government and the various church denominations still exists and is still a menace to the spirit of our country, which is against all connection between Church and State." Well, the earliest possible moment in which the Government can stop this thing is the present; but it will not stop; and yet the Register says it must. Why then does not the Government do at once that which it must do at the earliest possible moment ? It does not do it simply because Congress, a part of the Government, won't let it; and Congress won't let it because so many members of that body know that if they offend Rome they will have to retire from politics; in short, they could not "come back" to Washington again; and that this threat is potent with the average congressman was amply demon-strated in the matter of the World's Fair legislation. Congressmen confessed it openly. And now the nation is well nigh helpless in the grasp of Rome because of the recreancy of so-called Protestants to Protestant and American principles. IF you exempt the property of any church organization, to that extent you impose a tax upon the whole community. ŠJames A. Garfield. STANDS PRE-EMINENT, In that while it is no larger than the average of such books, and of convenient size to carry in the vest-pocket, it gives, besides other useful information, THE CORRECT SPELLING AND PRONUNCIATION OF 45,863 WORDS, OR ABOUT TWICE AS MANY AS ANT SIMILAR WORK. As its name indicates, it is much more than a dictionary. It contains:Š I. THE COLUMSIAN WORD BUILDER, a very simple and yet exceedingly useful device Which more thain doubles the capacity of the dictionary. 6. GUIDE TO PRONUNCIATION. S. A VERY FULL LIST OF ABBREVIATIONS. k. THE COLUMBIAN PRONOUNCING DICTIONARY AND SPELLER (135 pages). 5. THE COLUMBIAN PRONOUNCING AND STATISTI-CAL GAZETTEER OF THE WORLD. 6. THE COLUMBIAN DIGEST OF PARLIAMENTARY PRACTICE. 7. THE COLUMBIAN RAPID CALCULATOR, AND COM-PEND OF BUSINESS AND SOCIAL FORMS. 8. THE COLUMBIAN PERPETUAL MEMORANDUM, STAMP BOOK AND THREE YEARS' Calendar, 9. TABLES OF WEIGHTS AND MEASURES. The whole forms a book only r.% by 23 inches and only three-eighths of an inch thick. In Leather, 50e; Cloth, 25c. The Law of God as Changed by the Papacy Is the title of a large Chart just issued, which shows in a striking manner the blasphemous pre-tentions of the Papal power. The testimony of the Best Catholic Authorities is given, and shows, by quoting their own words, that Sunday is a child of the Catholic Church. These quotations, together with admissions from standard Catholic works, are arranged in parallel columns on either side of this Chart, while the center column contains the Ten Commandments as taught by the Catholic Church. The whole forms a collection of extracts of incalcu-lable value for every Bible student. The Charts are three by four feet in size, and are printed on heavy map cloth in bold type, easily read across the largest room. Price, Post-paid, $1.00. A fac-simile edition on thin paper, size 5- x 7inches, suitable for missionary distribution, has been prepared, and will be sent post-paid at 50 cents per hundred, or $4.00 per thousand. Address Pacific Press, 43 Bond Street, N3W York City. or Oakland, Cal. THE SIGNS OF THE TIMES, A SIXTEEN-PAGE Weekly Religious Journal. Doctrinal, Practical, Earnest, Protestant, Scriptural, Christian. This really two dollar paper will be furnished at the following PRICES OF SUBSCRIPTION: Single Copy, One Year, Post-paid, - - Single Copy, Six Months, Post-paid, - - In Clubs of Ten or More to One Address. Post-paid, To Foreign Countries in Postal Union, Post-paid, Address, Signs of the Times, 12TH AND CASTRO STREETS, OAKLAND, CAL., U. S. A. The Gospel . . . in Creation. By E. J. WAGGONER. What is the gospel? What is creation ? What relation do they sustain to each other ? The title of this interesting and valuable book ought to be sufficient to recommend it to the earnest searcher after truth. The conception that there is an intimate relation between the gospel and the work of creation, makes this able little production at once of peculiar interest and profit, especially to those who have been accustomed to consider that the gospel did not exist in the old dispensation, but that it is con-fined in both application and promulgation to the new dispensation. The spirit of the Old Testament is the Spirit of Christ, as witnessed by the ancient prophets. Christ was the Creator. ; and since the works of creation were the works of Christ, the story of creation contains the gospel, which, like creation, reveals the power of God. Hence, when Moses wrote of the works of creationŠthe works of ChristŠhe wrote the gospel. The heavens and the earth and all contained therein Šthe works of creationŠteach the power of GodŠthe gospelŠin a language that can be understood by all people, of whatever tongue. Since Christ the Creator is Christ the Redeemer, creative power is re-demptive power; and in considering the power man-ifested in creation, we are contemplating the power of redemption. These truths are all set forth in clear and concise language, and the author's deductions are logical, and substantiated in every case by the plain words of Scripture. And since there is no knowledge, science, or truth which the Bible does not unfold, no one can afford to be without this book, of which " the only design is to lead the reader to study the Word more closely for himself." Bound in Cloth, artistically designed and illustrated, 176 pp., 75 cents. Address all orders to . . . INTERNATIONAL TRACT SOCIETY, 271 West Main St., - - Battle Creek, Mich. IS THE Ł PAPACY IN PROPHECY? BY THE Rev. Thomas W. Haskins, M. A., Rector Christ Church, Los Angeles, Cal. The above is the title of a treatise written by the author, at the request of the Ministerial Union of Los Angeles, California. It grew out of a discussion upon the present aspect and aims of The Roman Catholic Church in the United States, the author taking the ground that the rise, progress, present and future condition of the temporal power known as the Papacy, or Vaticanism, /s Outlined in the Prophecies of Roll Scriptures, with sufficient accuracy to determine what the " Papacy " is, and what is to be its future develop-ment and ultimate end. Paper Covers, - - 25 Cents. Cloth Covers, - - - - 60 Cents. Mailed, post-paid, on receipt of price. FAVORITE BIBLE STORIES FOR THE YOUNG Š With numerous illustrations. 1.6mo, handsomely illuminated board covers, 50 cents. ; cloth extra, 75 cents. MISSIONARY LADIES IN FOREIGN LANDSŠBy Mrs. E. R. Pilman, author of "Heroines of the Mission fields," etc. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75c. Pacific Press Publishing. Co., Ł Ł Ł OaklandT Cal. 43 Bond St., New York City. MB COMPLETE VEST- POCKET LIBRARY - $1.50 - .75 1.25 - ($2) 8s. 