E. J. WAGGONER, ALONZO T. JONES, SPECIAL CORRESPONDENTS: J. H. WAGGONER, E. W. FARNSWORTH, DAN T. JONES PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND ST., NEW YORK; 18 POST ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.; 12TH & CASTRO Sri., OAKLAND, CAL. Ł EDITORS. Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas eferson. VOLUME 4. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, MARCH 13, 1889. NUMBER 8. An2eFicai2 geOhrl. ALL freight trains on the Pennsylvania Rail-road, except those bearing stock and perishable freight, were stopped at Pittsburg, on Saturday, February 16, at 10 P. M., to give the employes a rest on Sunday. The Pennsylvania Company proposes to adopt this plan on all of its lines. THE Field Secretary of the National Sunday Union, Rev. W. F. Crafts, is now in the South, trying to get up a boom for a National Sunday law. On Friday, February 8, he spoke on the Sunday-Rest movement to the Legislature of Florida. It is said that he has received a very cordial reception as the repstsentative of the Un-ion. THE Sunday bill which was introduced into both Houses of the California Legislature, and which we printed last week, with a few comments, met an ignominious death in the Senate, where it was refused a second reading. This will leave California free from any danger of a Sunday law for two years more, as it is not at all probable that another bill would fare any better. Mean-while the Sunday-law agitators may agitate them-selves to their heart's content. DENVER papers of February 18 give glowing accounts of a monster mass-meeting that was held in the Tabor Opera House, the day before, Sunday, in the interest of a Sunday law. The meeting was, as usual, engineered largely by ministers, who, as usual, strenuously disclaimed any thought of doing anything religious. They were all working for temperance. We snake a few short comments on some things that were said, in various parts of this paper. •Ł - WHILE the ministers of Denver are united in desiring to have a Sunday law strictly enforced, they are not agreed as to the reason for such a law. Some think that the day should be kept strictly, while others think that any business except the saloon should be allowed to run. The ideas vary according to the degree of straitness of the religious creed of the individuals expressing them. If it were purely a temperance affair,, or if they wanted a civil holiday, religious opinions would have nothing to .do with it Blair Educational Amendment Bill. (Continued.) THE question now to be decided is, " What axe the principles of the Christian religion, which are to be taught if the amendment is adopted ?" The Methodists would give one answer, if it were left with them, the Baptists another, the Presbyterians another, and other denominations still another. All would differ, yet each would present some-thing common to all. But the question is not to be left to any one denomination; for the latter part of the second section expressly stipulates that no public money shall ever be appropriated for the instruction of children in any of the tenets or doctrines peculiar to any sect. It is this part of the amendment, so wondrously worded, which catches the multitude, and blinds them" to the principle of Church and State union, which is involved. They think it will be so fine a thing to settle it forever that no public money shall be appropriated for the purpose of sectarian teach-ing, that they lose sight of the real gist of the thing. Protestants think that it would forever shut Catholics off from -any share in the school money, whereas it would give them practical con-trol of the schools, as we shall show later on. We will now consider the amendment adopted, and Congress ready to enforce it by proper legis-lation. It finds a score of denominations, each strenuous to have its own peculiar views taught in the public schools, if any are to be taught. But this will not do; only those can be taught which are common to allŠupon which all can agree. It is manifest, therefore, that the churches themselves are the only ones who could deter-mine this. They only can tell the principles upon which they can all agree. Congress can-not decide this point, nor would they allow it to if it could, for they have already expressed them-selves on the matter. In the Christian Statesman of February 21, 1884, Rev. J. C. K. Milligan said in regard to theological questions :Š " The churches must settle these questions among themselves, and with each other, and at least we will not allow the civil government to decide be-tween them, and to ordain church doctrines, or-dinances, and laws." Further on in the same article he said :Š "The churches and the pulpit have much to do with shaping and forming opinions on all moral questions, and with interpretations of Scripture on moral and civil, as well as on theological and ecclesiastical, points, and it is probable that in the almost universal gathering of our citizens about these [the churches and the pulpits] the chief dis-cussions and the final decisions of most points will be developed there." In short, before Congress could enforce the new article, it would be obliged to call a council of the churches. Representatives of all the churches would convene and decide what they  could all agree upon, and would then inform the Government just what it should enforce. This would be an exact parallel to' the Council of Nice, A. D. 325, which Constantine convened in order that the bishops might settle upon some common principles which could be enforced by imperial authority. Now as that action is universally recognized as the celebration of the union of Church and State, this would necessarily be the same. The churches in America would, by the adoption of the Blair Educational Aoendment, which they desire, be forced to follow in the steps of the bishops of the church in the fourth century. The State would then be simply the agent to exe-cute ecclesiastical decrees. Remember that in such a council all professed Christian churches would have to be represented. That would include the Catholic Church, for it is reckoned as a branch of the Christian Church. But from many States the Catholics, according to a fair representation, would have a very large majority of the delegates; and their delegates in the council would nearly equal those of all the Protestant churches. -So the Catholic Church would be able to dictate terms to the council. For of course a vote would haVe to be taken to decide upon the principles of the Christian re-ligion, and the Catholics could carry more of their points than the Protestants could. Thus the Catholic Church would secure the practical con-trol of the public schools. The Protestants might not like this very well, but having committed themselves to the theory of religious teaching by the State, they would have to abide by the decis-ion of the majority. As stated before, the State would be simply the agent of the church, to carry into execution its decrees. And this would be exactly in ac-cordance with the ideas of the Papacy, as set forth by an eminent and highly educated Catho-lic. Speaking of natural and revealed law, Dr. Brownson says of the church :Š "She is, under God, the supreme judge of both laws, which are for her but one law; and hence she takes cognizance, in her tribunals, of the breaches of the natural law as weal as of the revealed, and has the right to take cognizance by Nations as well as of its breaches by individuals, by the prince as well as by the subject, for it is the supreme law for both. The State is, therefore, only an inferior court, bound to receive the law from the Supreme Court, and liable to have its decrees reversed on appeal."ŠBrownson's Essays, p. 284, quoted in The Papacy and the Civil Power, p. 32. Let the Blair Educational Amendment be adopted, and we should have a very pretty like-ness of the PapacyŠan American Papacy. There might not be any one man acknowledged as Pope, but that would make no difference. There was not in Constantine's time. It took time to grow into that. Anybody can see that while such a council 