AMERICAN SENTINEL. 489 News, Notes, and Comment. IN a certain Southern city, there is just now a rather abnormal zeal manifested in the matter of running down wicked violators of the "Sunday law." Certain Hebrews are among the chief sufferers from this spasm of virtue on the part of the municipal authorities. It is a well-known custom among the tailors of that race to take their work home and do it in their private apartments. Inasmuch as they are naturally clannish in their habits, the housesŠnay, the entire neighborhoods, in many in-stancesŠwherein they elect to abide, are generally filled with them alone, so that nobody is likely to be disturbed by their pursuing their own nal/tonal and traditional manner of living and acting. * * IT is a part of the religious life of these people to re-frain from "worldly" or secular labor on the seventh day of the week. This they do in pursuance of a "command-ment" which thousands of those "who profess and call themselves Christians" have read out to them in their churches on the first day of every week, without other-wise paying any attention to it whatsoever. That they may keep pace with competitors, these conscientious Hebrews must work on this first day, if they are to "observe" the seventh, The municipality in question has a "Revised Version" of its own. Therein, a certain fa-mous text reads as follows: "One man esteemeth one day above another; another man esteemeth every day alike; let this be prevented by the police." The authorities haveŠin spasmsŠthe courage of their convictions. * * * WHEREFORE, the blue coated missionaries of the gos-pel according to Puritanism are now amusing themselves in that town, and endeavoring to divert the public mind from their alleged intrigues with the gamblingfraternity, by entering (with force and violence, where necessary), without the shadow of justification in law, without even the formality of "warrants" previously obtained, the dwellings of the unfortunate Hebrew tailors, dragging them forth, men, women and children, and carrying them off by scores to the station houses, all in the interest of true religionŠand costs. * * OF course, these "domiciliary visits" of the police, and their tyrannical behavior belong to the Russian system of civil administration, and have no place or ex-cuse in free America. Equally of course, any policeman who might undertake thus to trespass vi et armis on the habitation of a wealthy citizen, or one of "high" social standing, would expose himself to the dangers of shot-gun and revolver, which, under the circumstances, would be legally as available against him as against any pri-vate person who might venture to indulge in similarly  outrageous conduct. But the average Hebrew tailor is poor, and as to his social standing, it is as the things that are not. * IN free America, every citizen is, by virtue of his citi-zenship, a conservator of the peace. Whatever judges may say, we must ever maintain as a political principle that no man in our country should have in this regard, rights, privileges or duties in any wise different from the rights, privileges and duties of every other man. What, then, is a policeman? He is simply a man who is paid a salary for devoting his attention exclusively to the duty of preserving the peace, etc., which duty all other free-men are expected to discharge without pay whenever oc-casion demands. Neither in the detection of crime, nor in the arrest of criminals, may an officer arrogate to him-self other powers than those of citizenship. He may not break in a door, where the public interest would not jus-tify another in so doing; he may not arrest without a warrant where by the general law a warrant is required; for false and malicious and causeless interference with the liberty of the citizen, he is as responsible as those are who unfortunately live without his blue cloth and brass buttons. THE average policeman understands all this perfectly well; and he is careful not to exceed the legal limits of his authority where by so doing, he would subject himself to trouble at the hands of those who have money at their disposal, or possess that mysterious yet powerful attri-bute known to the initiated as "influence." When he wants to do what he knows he has no right to do, he visits the "down town" districts, and tramps about among the humble and lowly, and bullies and harries and "badgers" them to his full, and when he has the "Sunday law" as a lever, so to speak, his violations of the funda-mental law of American jurisprudence and of the express language of State constitutions are hailed with delight and vociferously applauded by some excellent persons. MANY of the Hebrews of whom I am speaking are pe-culiarly fitted to be the subjects of police usurpation and outrage. They come from Poland and from Russia. In their own country, violence is all they know of law. For centuries they have been ground down by the iron heel of military despotism. To them a uniform is the badge of irresponsible and often of malicious power. The notion that any one of them possesses a political "right" which a uniformed officer of the law is under any obligation to respect is a new one to them, and my observation of them leads me to believe that it can never be thoroughly com-prehended or appreciated by the older immigrants, though the first generation born here, and those who arrive young enough to get the benefits of the public schools, take to freedom naturally enough. 