AMERICAN SENTINEL. 467 of man is Lord of the seventh day; that the seventh day and that day only is the Lord's day; and that the prophet of Patmos was "in the Spirit" on the seventh day, the Sabbath of the Lord. Whosoever therefore would keep the Lord's day must keep the seventh day; for "the Son of man is Lord of the Sabbath," and "the seventh day is the Sabbath." Such only and its like is. "right thought on the subject." A. T. J. "Destiny," "The Inexorable Logic of Events," Etc.ŠNo. 2. BY JOHN D. BRADLEY. A GREAT journal says, "Men may be masters of their own destinies, but nations are not." Yes, men not only may be, but are masters of their own destinies, and by that very token they are the masters of the destinies of nations, and nations are masters of their own destinies, because men are the nations. Nations are made up of individuals and nothing else. This is not to say that an individual or even a large number of individuals can always control the destiny of a nation. But it is to say that the individuals of which a nation is composed, being in control of their own destinies are in control of the des-tinies of the nation, because they are the nation. Indi-viduals determine the destinies of nations. "The public life of a nation is but the life of successive generations of statesmen." And it is a rule with very few exceptions that the lives of statesmen are fairly representative of the lives of the people whose statesmen they are. The history of the one other great republic of the world is important to the people of this Republic. The history of its transformation from republicanism into imperialism is very important to the people now. That which makes it most important is the fact that He that ruleth in the kingdom of men has especially called the attention of the people of this time to that very thing. Almost twenty-four hundred years ago the prophet Daniel was shown in vision the fourth kingdom, or power, that should be upon the earth, and when he sought for the meaning he was told by the angel certain specific characteristics that marked the transformation of that power from a republic to an empire. He was not told this for his own benefit, or for the benefit of the people who would live in the time of this fourth power,  but for the benefit of the people who would live in the time of this,Šthe one other great republic of the world. The vision was "for many days," even unto "the time of the end." Almost the first words that a great histo-rian was moved to write on commencing his sketch of "the conversion of the Roman Republic into a military empire," are these:Š "We talk often foolishly of the necessities of things, and we blame circumstances for the consequences of our  own follies and vices; but there are faults which are not faults of will, but faults of mere inadequacy to some un-foreseen position. Human nature is equal to much, but not to everything. It can rise to altitudes where it is alike unable to sustain itself or to retire from them to a safe elevation. Yet when the field is open it pushes for-ward, and moderation in the pursuit of greatness is never learnt and never will be learnt. Men of genius are governed by their instinct; they follow where instinct leads them; and the public life of a nation is but the life of successive generations of statesmen, whose horizon is bounded, and who act from day to day as immediate interests suggests. The popular leader of the hour sees some present difficulty or present opportunity of dis-tinction. He deals with each question as it arises, leav-ing future consequences to those who are to come after him. The situation changes from period to period, and tendencies are generated with an accelerating force, which, when once established, can never be reversed. When the control of reason is once removed, the catas-trophe is no longer distant, and then nations, like all organized creations, all forms of life, from the meanest flower to the highest human institution, pass through the inevitably recurring stages of growth and trans-formation and decay. . . . Nevertheless, `as the heavens are high above the earth, so is wisdom above folly.' Goethe compares life to a game at whist, where the cards are dealt out by destiny, and the rules of the game are fixed: subject to these conditions, the players are left to win or lose, according to their skill or want of skill. The life of a nation, like the life of a man, may be prolonged in honor into the fulness of its time, or it may perish prematurely, for want of guidance, by violence or internal disorders. . . . Amidst the endless variety of circumstances there are constant phenomena which give notice of approaching danger; there are courses of action which have uniformly produced the same results; and the wise politicians are those who have learnt from experience the real tendencies of things, unmisled by su-perficial differences, who can shun the rocks where others have been wrecked, or from foresight of what is coming can be cool when the peril is upon them." These are general observations which have been con-firmed by actual examples. The specific example from which they were drawn was the Roman republic. To- day they are being confirmed by the republic of the United States. The historian in pointing out how "tendencies are generated with an accelerating force, which, when once established, can never be reversed," states exactly what can be and what is seen and heard to-day in this coun-try on every hand, and which is so plain that none may mistake it. His very words and phrases are echoed and re echoed, and the very air seems to be impregnated with them. In what is universally acknowledged to be the greatest crisis in this nation's history there is an almost universal demand that action be determined "from day to day as immediate interests suggest;" that only the "present difficulty or present opportunity" be consid-ered; that "each question" be dealt with "as it arises;" and that "future consequences" be left "to those who are to come after." Said a prominent Chicagoan; 