262 THE AMERICAN SRNTINEI, spected. We find the result of these strict Sunday laws all over our land, and especially in Tennessee, where many Ad-ventists, who keep the Sabbath according to the fourth commandment, have been arrested, persecuted and fined because they have been working on Sunday. What a responsibility to our Federal Gov-ernment because they do not protect their sons and daughters from such tyranny or brutality of a subordinate State in the Union. It bodes no good for our land. Trusting that you will consider this matter and introduce the enclosed petition in the United States Senate, and defend its reasonable demands, I am, very respectrully yours, LOUIS ELHOLM. United States Senate, Washington, July 15, 1892. Louis ELHOLMŠDear Sir: Yours with the protest enclosed against legislation by Congress to close the World's Fair at Chicago upon the Sabbath day received. I fully agree with you and those signing the protest that Congress ought not to legislate in this direction. I will present the protest to-day to the United States Senate. Yours truly, PHILETUS SAWYER. Call for a Council of Religion. A CORRESPONDENT of the Washington Post expresses himself as to the Sunday question in Congress, and the country at large, in these spicy paragraphs The recent senatorial phase of the irrepressible conflict over the Sunday question, while it did not solve the great problem of this country, is never-theless valuable. It not only shows how incon-gruously a religious rider may be placed upon a purely worldly appropriation bill, but is fresh evi-dence of the fact that seldom may a discussion of the Sunday question be had without some of the participants showing a lamentable lack of prepara-tion ; without advocates of the several views in-dulging in a priori and exparte reasoning, if the bull may be pardoned ; without issues of most di-verse kind being interjected into the debate, and without somebody evincing a spirit which several centuries of Sunday observance should in all rea-son have eliminated from his personality. Lo,ing one's temper, garbling facts, making wide the borders of one's phylacteries, thanking God that one is not as other men are, or pandering for political or financial reasons to that indefinite, erratic, and evanescent figment known as common consciousness, will never settle the Sunday ques-tion. If men had always paid to public opinion that, deference which it has always demanded, Brother John Jasper would be able to solidify his theory that "the sun do move" into a dogma; there would be no World's Fair, for the simple rea-son that Columbus would never have made the al-leged discovery of America, the divine right of kings would never have been superseded by the divine right of the party boss in this free and glo-rious Republic, and a belief in the propriety of slay-ing supposititious witches would have extended, as has Sabbatarianism, its contemporary of the Mosaic dispensation, beyond the narrow confines of New England. There certainly ought to be some means evolved of solving the rather un-American situa-tion enunciated in the question,ŠShall 63,000,000 people be compelled to do any particular thing merely because 10,000,000 or even 20,000,000, say they think it ought to be done ? If I was not one of those 10,000,000 inclined to the orthodox observance of Sunday, perhaps I might not generalize in this way. But that I favor such an observance, though perhaps in no ironclad way, even with a backing of 9,999,999 others, is no more reason for interfering with the rights and opinions of the other 53,000,000 inhabitants of the United States than that I should endeavor to com-pel everybody else to smoke a pipe because nicotine has a pleasant effect upon my nerves. Nobody's opinion was ever really changed by an appeal to fear or prejudice; the stake, no matter by whom employed, was never a very efficacious means of increasing church membership, and threats of  turning a man out of any particular denomination because he has been honest enough, for instance, to 'Nice a change of sentiment from the standpoint that children unbaptized dying in infancy are eternally damned, will not cause him to lose faith in the church of God on earth, or in the final triumph of truth. As in every other controversy, an appeal to hu- Ł man reason, which is of as divine origin as is the breath of life, is the only legitimate method of reaching some plane, where the great majority of people, if not all ultimately may unite in the observ-ance of a rest day. The average American citizen who uses his mind is opposed to dogmatic dicta-tion, whether it comes from the politician, from the pulpit, or from its auxiliary, the press. But the American citizen is prone to give respectful hear-ing to the advocacy of any opinion reasonably ad-vanced, and is open to conviction to any theory, provided it be permeated with the enlightenment of the nineteenth century. Heretofore the Sunday question has been debated from the partisan stand-point, either for or against, and the dogma of those insisting upon the observance of the first day of the week in their own particular way has been equaled only by the dictum of those who have departed radically from what dogmatists insist has been the practice of .the centuries. It may be there is a middle ground to which all might approach if the question were discussed in all its hygienic, eco-nomic, philosophic, and historic aspects. To be sure historic criticism is, from one point of view, rank heresy. but historic criticism, the purpose to know the truth in spite of the overturning of pet theories or even the public opinion of centuries, will continue until its results shall have become so orthodox that its advocates shalt be in a position to denounce as heretics all persons not accepting its conclusions. Somehow or other, human nature has always shown such a flaw, and one of the easiest methods of ending a dispute is to call your opponents names. Would it not be practicable to hold in this coun-try a convention on the Sunday question? The Senate of the United States is hardly qualified to decide a religious controversy, and the country must look elsewhere for a settlement. Why not have a body representing every phase of thought on the subject, where the voice of labor, of the em-ployer, of the pulpit, of the congregation, of the press, of the reading public, -in fact, of every class in the community, may be heard on equal terms and with equal patience? The subjects to be dis-cussed might include such questions as these: How did orthodoxy of the years .33-50 regard the posi-tion of Jesus Christ and his apostles on the Sabbath question? Was the first Sunday legislation a part-nership of organized Christianity with paganism? Why should American citizens of the nineteenth century be bound by politico-religious legislation of the seventeenth century in England? Has the insistence of an adherence to practices 200 years old resulted in a consistent observance of the spirit or the letter of Sunday laws by those who would have Government interfere in matters of con-science? Is there any material difference between the man of means drinking ice water on Sunday after his return from church and the iceman visit-ing a museum after he has delivered the ice? Why would not the Parliament of Re-ligions to be held at the World's Fair satisfy the Post's correspondent? These questions will no doubt be determined there for the whole world, and Congress and Legislatures receive notice to legislate accordingly. S  THE Woman's Voice, of Boston, has this com-mendation of the action of a Massachusett's Law and Order League in the enforcement of Sunday laws at Nantasket beach. It is noticeable that it is the Sunday desecration which is the objective point of attack, while the riotousness seems but secondary " The promptness with which the Law and Order League have taken steps to prevent the Sabbath breaking which is causing much disturbance at Nantasket beach, is to be highly commended. The superintendent of the Old Colony railroad is also evidently a man of right principles, as he stopped the running of Sunday trains to Nantasket, in order to assist the citizens in. maintaining order. The acts have been so riotous of late that there has been danger to life and limb; and even those who have no regard for the sanctity of the Sabbath, from a Christian standpoint, are shocked at the scenes which have occurred at Nantasket on the Sabbath this year," NATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. THE Northwestern Christian Advocate contains this note in reference to the progress of the move-ment for Sunday observance in foreign countries:Š " The European Sunday is in decided disfavor at the leading European capital. Berlin has now its compulsory day of rest. The new law suspends all employment and closes all places of business, ex-cept restaurants and cafes, between ten o'clock Sat-urday night and two o'clock Sunday morning, and after two o'clock on Sunday afternoon. We com-mend this to American agitators for a European Sabbath." A SPECIAL telegram to the Pittsburg Dispatch, from Punxsutawney, Pa., says:Š The congressional conferees who remained here over Sunday did not waste any time to-day. The different delegations wanted this recess more for repairing their political fences than for rest. The Indiana candidate, conferees and other friends left for home late last evening, and they expect to re-turn tomorrow with renewed strength. The West-moreland, Jefferson and Armstrong County follow-ers attended church this morning. The afternoon passed very quietly in discussing the situation and forming plans for the coming week's campaign. Matthew Saint Quay and the Pittsburg preachers have evidently determined to consecrate Sunday to politics in Pennsylvania. WHERE there is religious intolerance it can not be invariably depended upon to strike just where the religious majority wishes. It uses a double edged sword that is sometimes dangerous to friends as well as to foes. The Interior, of Chicago, is troubled about this evidence of paganism in Massa- chusetts :Š The best evidence that " New England is becom-ing pagan " is the recent arrest of two young men, at Everett, Mass. They were singing hymns in the public square on Sunday. It will be remembered that William F. Davis was imprisoned a few years ago for preaching the gospel on Boston Common. The modern Athenians are not half so liberal as their pagan namesakes which deemed Mars' Hill none too distinguished a pulpit for the Apostle Paul. Shades of the Pilgrims! Where is free speech which you championed so bravely ? If the Interior could really see the "paganism " of New England it would not invoke the shades of, the Pilgrims. THE New York World has this editorial item in reference to Sunday fishing :Š The Supreme Court holds that the law as it stands forbids all fishing in this State on Sunday, under penalties. That law ought to be repealed. It is wholly out of tune with the spirit of our institutions and it shuts out from a healthful and innocent recreation that part of the population which most needs recre-ation out of doors. It is not the business of a purely secular State to concern itself with holy days except to secure to all men equally their rights of conscience, The law in this country has no business to prescribe religious observances of any kind or to enforce them. All that belongs to private opinion. When the State has by law secured to every man the right to observe what day he pleases, undisturbed by others, it has done quite all it can do consist-ently with our system and theory of government. All Sunday laws that go beyond that limit are un-American and oppressive. Nevertheless these un-American and oppressive laws exist. They will increase and multiply. It is high time that all who understand their oppressive-ness and unrighteousness condemn them as em-phatically as this. They ought to be repealed. Why are they not, why will they not be repealed ? THE Mail and Express, however, exults at this puerile enforcement of a religious law, and exults because it does enforce what the Mail and Express thinks is religion:Š The attention of at least one New Yorker has been brought suddenly and forcibly to the fact that there is a State law forbidding fishing on Sunday, 