AMERICAN SENTINEL. 157 AN exchange scores a point on Sunday-law advocates who hold to the doctrine of evolution, in the following :Š " Some of the clergy who believe that the six ' days' of creation in Genesis mean six geological periods of in-computable length are heard quoting the fourth com-mandment as authority for Sunday idleness. The com-mandment sets out that God made the world in six days and rested on the seventh. Why, then, haven't we a Sunday law enforcing rest for a `geological period ' ?" SUNDAY, February 28, the Sunday law was generally enforced for the first time upon barbers in New York City. The Corporation Council being called upon for a strict construction of the law, have decided that barbers must not shave customers on Sunday after 1 o'clock P. M., except when the customer is actually in the chair at that hour. If he is only waiting to be shaved when the clock strikes one he must go unkempt. THE Corcoran art gallery in Washington, D. C., was opened on Sunday to the public for the first time, Febru-ary 28. Nearly four thousand people improved the op-portunity to view the collection of art treasures, the majority being of the class who find in Sunday their only day of recreation. The result was taken as fully vindi-cating the action of the trustees in opening the gallery for Sunday -visitation. Ł  THE Bridgeport, Conn., Evening Post, of February 26, reports a case in court in that cityŠ" the Spiritual Temple Case "Šin which the judge said in his charge to the jury, "You are to determine who' is the true God." Such a report seems almost incredible, but in these days a person must be prepared to expect almost anything in the way of developments savoring of a union of Church and State. *-• Ł -4 -4 THE saloon-keeper by force of law is compelled to help pay the taxes on my church, in the use of which I de-nounce his infernal traffic. If the saloon-keeper is taxed to support my church, in all fairness he ought to have something to say in its management. "No taxation without representation."ŠRev. Madison C. Peters. FOR the same amount of money that New York City is to raise by taxation this year the people of Holland will drain the Zuyder Zee, build a vast moat of solid ma-sonry thirty miles long and reclaim half a million acres of land that will support a population almost as great as ours.ŠNew York World. "So long as religion does not step out of its province it should not, in any of its forms, depend on the good pleasure of the State. It belongs to the civil power neither to authorize nor forbid it; for here the civil power clashes with a primordial right of the individual." ŠDe Pressense 0* Ł 4 ti THE South Carolina House is reported to have passed a bill requiring a license for every business, profession, or calling, including that of ministers of the gospel. BY a vote of 209 to 149, the British House of Com-mons decided, February 10, against the prohibition of liquor selling in public houses on Sundays. TO OUR PATRONS : 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamp in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. IN a matter of the defense of personal rights, one in-dividual stands for the whole people. When individual liberty is attacked in any instance, the whole people are made defendants. When individualism falls, the whole people fall with it. A SPOKANE, WASH., journal reports that the Sunday law is enforced in Colfax, that State, with much " suc-cess." Even the most liberal sections of the great West seem to be fast retrograding to the medival idea of en-forced religion. Ł * Ł 44 THE idea that it is better for Christians to go to a primary than to a prayer-meeting, when the two fall on the same evening,is characteristic of that religion which demands the enforcement of Sunday. ER1CAN SENTIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromis opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in principle. Published Weekly by Paeifie Press Publishing Go. ORGAN Or THE International Religious ldberty Association. Single Copy, Per Year, - $1.00. 66 Six months, 6. 4 Three - - 25. A BILL, prohibiting all Sunday sports and games is ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, now under consideration by the legislature of New York. 39 Bond Street. New York. 