AMMRICAN SENTINEL. 19 and Congress empowered to enforce it by legislation, it would then be to the interest of each denomination to secure just as large an influence as possible in Congress. This would be necessary to each one of the denominations as a matter of self-preser-vation if nothing else, in order that if each denomination could not get enough influ-ence in Congress to control legislation positively in its own interests, yet so that it might have sufficient influence to pre-vent legislation that would be prejuducial to its interests. Thus every church would be turned at once into a political club and every pulpit would become a stump. As a Congressional election occurs every two years, it would so happen that every two years the national creed would be put to the test. And as the majority would de-cide whether the creed should stand or be revised, it would depend altogether upon how the vote wentŠwhether a man was orthodox or a heretic. The majority might be as narrow as a half dozen or even one, and everyone of that narrow majority might have been drunk when he voted, yet that would make no difference in the re-sult. When the majority had once decided upon the question of orthodoxy or heresy that, would be the end of the matter, you would be orthodox or heretic as the vote should stand. Does anybody who has any acquaintance with history need to be shown that this is only a perfect parallel, in outline, to the formation of that union of Church and State in the fourth century which devel-oped the Papacy and all the religious despotism and intolerance that afflicted Europe for ages ? Constantine made Christianity the recognized religion of the Roman Empire. It became at once neces-sary that there should be an imperial de-cision as to what form of Christianity it was that should be the religion of the em-pire. The emperor said, The Catholic Church. Then as there were ,two great bodies,Šthe Arian and the Trinitarian,Š each claiming to be the Catholic Church, and as the question turned upon a hair-splitting point in theology, a council had to be called to decide what was the Catholic Church. Accordingly the Council of Nice was convened by imperial command. An imperial creed was established, which was enforced by the imperial power. Whoever would not subscribe to the creed should be banished. All but three in the convention signed the creed. TheseŠArius and two of his associatesŠwere accordingly ban-ished. Constantine's sister was an Arian. When she came to die she had an Arian bishop to attend her and sent for Constan-tine to come to see her before she should pass away. He went; she besought him to recall Arius from banishment. He did so, and commanded that he should be re-ceived as a member in good and regular standing in the orthodox church. The orthodox bishops refused to receive him.  The emperor declared that he should be received. The bishops persisted in their re-fusal, Ł and the emperor called out the troops : for was it not an imperial religion that had been established? Was it not established by imperial power, and was it not to be maintained by imperial power ? When the orthodox bishops saw things going so far as that, they prayed that Arius might die, rather than that the Church should be polluted by his presence so forced upon it. Accordingly, Arius very conveniently died. Not long afterward Constantine him-self died; the empire fell shortly to two of his sons, Constans and Constantius. Con-stans had the western part of the empire, Constantius the eastern. Constans was a Trinitarian, Constantius was an Arian. In the dominions of Constans, all Arians were heretics under the ban of the law; in the dominions of Constantius all Trinita-rians were heretics under the ban of the law. Soon Constans came to his death, and Constantius was sole emperor; then the Trinitarian was a heretic wherever he was. And all the time there was intrigue upon intrigue, and council upon council was called, to revise the creed. And all this to such an extent that the Christian profession was put to an open shame amongst the pagans. It was parodied in the pagan theaters; and one pagan writer said truly enough, that the bishops spent their time in nothing else than in rushing from one part of the empire to another, en-gaging in council after council to find out what they believed. This is but a picture, and not in the least overdrawn, of what would occur in the United States should such a measure as Senator Blair's proposed amendment ever be enacted into law. As that was the Papacy, this would be a living likeness to it. As nothing but evil ever came from that imperial recognition of Christianity, so would nothing but evil ever come from this national recognition of Christianity. And yet, as plain as all this is to any man who thinks, or who knows the A B C of history, there are some United States sen-ators and many professed leaders of theolog-ical thought who are in favor of it. But are the American people ready to annul their Constitution, and to cast away all their rights under it ? No grander mark of political wisdom ever appeared upon this earth than was dis-played when the fathers of this Republic declared that " no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under this Government; " and that " Congress shall make no law re-specting an establishment of religion or pro-hibiting the free exercise thereof." But the lessons which these mighty men learned are now well-nigh forgotten. Let these noble lessons be newly learned and held forth before all the nations; so shall the principles of liberty indeed enlighten the world, A. T. J. A Minister on the Situation. THE following letter from the pastor of a Christian Church in Kirksville, Mo., will commend itself to the good sense of our readers :Š EDITORS AMERICAN SENTINEL : I am in receipt of two copies of your most excel-lent paper, and have read them with care. Am in sympathy with the work to be ac-complished by the publication of the AMER-ICAN SENTINEL, because I am convinced that any effort on the part of our law-making powers to unite Church and State would sooner or later prove fatal blow to the welfare of this Republic. The mission of the SENTINEL is a noble one, and a copy should be in every family in this whole country. It is not the province of our Government to unite Church and State, nor even to in-dicate in the Constitution that this is a Christian nation. If those who are so anxious to unite Church and State would take a little time to read the history of such unions, it would cool their ardor, I am sure. Those blind enthusiasts who would do such a foolish and hurtful thing, cer-tainly exhibit a very great want of knowl-edge of human nature and the principles of government. The peculiar constitution of man and the character of our Govern-ment, forbid the creation of any such rela-tion. The condition of things that obtain in the Republic of Mexico at this time, should admonish every sensible American citizen. Let the good work go on. The Minneapolis Preachers. THE proceedings of those Minneapolis preachers, an account of which we pub-lished in the SENTINEL of January 2, is of more than passing interest to the people. It reveals some of the spirit that inheres in this Sunday-law movement all over the nation. That iron-clad agreement and the boycotting action of the preachers under it, show how far they have departed from the methods and the spirit of Jesus Christ, whose ministers they profess to be. This, however, is not the beginning of that movement in Minneapolis. It has a his-tory, and the history runs back nearly two years. In the spring of 1888, Dr. Josiah Strong, of this city, secretary of the Evan-gelical Alliance of the United States, vis-ited Minneapolis and met with a committee of pastors of that place who had been ap-pointed to confer with him upon the mat-ter of organizing a branch of the Evan-gelical Alliance of that city. Several conferences were held, and plans were formed; but owing to the nearness of the summer vacation, no definite action was taken at that time. Rev. D. D. McLaurin, of the Church of Immanuel, Minneapolis, was given charge of the plans formed, and of organizing the active work according to the plans. The first definite step toward 