 116 AMERICAN SENTINEL.      -to them, they grow impatient, and put forth their hands to undertake to steady the ark. And there the mischief comes in. There is no power but of God. "God hath spoken once; twice have I heard this, that power belongeth unto God." Ps. 62:11. We pray every day "Thine is the kingdom, and the power, and the glory." Fellow Chris-tians, Christians must depend on God's power alone to influence people to do right. Listen! "Now thanks be unto God, which always causeth us to triumph in Christ, and maketh manifest the savor of his knowledge by us in every place. For we are unto God a sweet savor of Christ, in them that are Saved, and in them that perish." 2 Cor. 2:14, 15. The power is the Lord's, so also the influence is his. The fragrance which goes forth from you and me must be the same that Christ carried, or we cannot influence any-body for good. Of all things this must be so, of those who profess to know Christ, who are "set on an hill" and therefore "cannot be hid." The Lord not only tells us not to judge other people, not to set them at naught be-cause they do not follow exactly as we say, or observe exactly as we observe; but he tells us the secret of why we should not do so, it is because all power and influ-ence is his. It is influence which draws. God himself,Šwe say it with all reverenceŠcannot drive people to himself. Jesus said, "I, if I be lifted up from the earth, will draw all men unto me." It is only by having an influence which draws that we can do any soul any good; and the only influence that can draw is that of Christ. There is another notable instance in illustration of this great principle. Everything that is recorded in the life of Jesus, is a living lesson to us. The Pharisees were always trying to entrap him in every way they could. At one time they found a woman who was taken in the very act of adultery, and they brought her to the Lord, thinking they had a fatal trap ready this time. After explaining the circumstances of the case, they said, "Now Moses said that all such should be stoned: but what sagest thou?" They did not care how Christ answered that question. If he said, Go ahead; that is the right thing to do; stone her; they would have gone straight to the Roman authorities and said: "This man sets himself up to be the king of the Jews, and is usurping Roman authority." If he had said, You cannot stone such any more; that comes to an end now; Moses is to be set aside; they would have spread it everywhere that he would not observe the teachings of Moses, and was therefore an impostor. They intended to accuse him whichever way he might answer. But he disappointed them. He answered their question in the way of Christ; not in the way of the Pharisees, nor in the way of the Romans. He said, " Let him that is without sin among you, cast the first stone at her," and stooped down and wrote on the ground. When he rose up, about half of the people were gone. Saying nothing he stooped down again and wrote with his finger on the ground, and when he rose up again all were gone but the woman and himself. Now he had said to them before he began to write on the ground, "Let him that is without sin among you cast the first stone." But none of them threw any stones. Why? he opened the way freely. Ahl none of them could, because none of them was without sin. The only thing they could do to escape the condemnation of their own consciences was to go away. So there was none left but himself and the woman, and he was without sin, and HE DID NOT STONE HER. Yet he said, "Let him that is without sin among you cast the first stone" at her. None of them could because they were not without sin; and be was without sin, but didn't. And this teaches the great Christian truth that he who is not without sin cannot throw stones; and he who is without sin WILL NOT throw stones. And all this teaches the mighty Christian truth, that with Christians there is NEVER any throwing of stones. Then Christ turned to the woman, and said, "Wom-an, hath no man condemned thee?" She said, "No man, Lord." Did he reply, " Well, I do. You must get out of here. It is not fit that I should be seen in the company of such persons as you are. Go away; you will bring reproach on the cause? "ŠNo; thank the Lord! This is what he said: "Woman, hath no man condemned thee?" "No man, Lord." "Neither do I condemn thee. Go, and sin no more." Those who have sinned cannot con-demn others who have; and those who have NOT sinned, WILL not condemn those who have. That one sentence of Jesus, "Neither do I condemn thee.. Go, and sin no more," had more influence and power to hold back from sin that poor sin-laden woman, than all the condemnation of all the Pharisees of Jeru-salem, Palestine and America put together. There is where the pavier lies. The power of the Christian lies in the influence of Jesus Christ which goes forth from him as fragrance from a rose, as he stands with a heaven sent reverence in the presence of even the worst sinner. The Christianity of Jesus Christ in the true believer looks reverently upon the conscience of the worst sinner; holds himself back from anything that would seem like condemnation or judgment; and lets God reach that soul by the fragrance of the influence of Jesus which goes forth from him. "Now thanks be unto God, which always causeth us to triumph in Christ, and maketh manifest the savor of his knowledge by us in every place." That is Christian-ity; that is divine regard for human right; because only he who is altogether divine can rightly estimate a human right. And He has estimated it, defined it, and respected it. And He calls upon every soul to recognize that hu-man right which, in his Word, He who is altogether divine, has set up above all things and all people to be respected. A. T. J. 