Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas yefferson. VOLUME 4. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, OCTOBER 16, 1889. NUMBER 38. Tir An2eFical2 PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND ST., NEW YORK; 18 POST ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.; 12TH & CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. EDITORS, E. J. WAGGONER, ALONZO T. JONES. REV. I. N. HAYS, D. D., in Christian Statesman of May 9, 1889, says, according to the high de-cree of heaven the church and the common-wealth are co-ordinate departments of society, yoked together for the lifting up of our fallen' humanity to a higher level and a grander destiny, and it is only when religion breathes her benedic-tion on the State and the State throws her pro-tecting arms around the church, that each can best fulfill its appointed mission. And yet the National Reformers are opposed (?) to a union of Church and State !ŠW., in Prohibition Journal. rFIIERE is a constant demand by a certain class of the American community for what they call a " National Sabbath," and they base their demand on the idea that the laboring man needs one day of rest in seven. The fact that the laboring man is accorded his "day of rest" is sufficient proof that the Sabbatarian is demanding a national day of rest for a special purpose. This purpose, as the outside observer understands the question, is to compel the unbeliever to enter, on one day of the week, some place of worship in which he does not believe. The attempt to set apart any One day, by law, as a day of rest or religious ob-servance, will not be tolerated in a country com-prising so many citizens of differing opinions, and the attempt to force such a law upon the people is not only absurd but savoring of bigotry. The Sabbath of the Jew and the Sabbath of the Sev-enth-day Adventist is as binding a religious con-viction as is the Sabbath of the Christian, and it would be utterly,  foolish to attempt to force every man to observe the latter day even as a day of rest. When the laboring man wants his day of rest he will demand it, and when he demands it he will get it.ŠOakland Morning Times, Sept. 20. THE agitation in favor of compulsory Sunday keeping is by no means confined to this country, but is becoming worldwide. Even in Hongkong, China, in Japan, and India, something has been done to educate public sentiment up to the point of demanding general Sunday rest. An interna-tional Congress on the subject has just been held in Paris. M. Leon Say, a French senator, is president of this Congress, and delegates were pres-ent from all the countries of continental Europe, and from England and America. Letters were  read from President Harrison and Mr. Gladstone. The following extract from a recent dispatch con-cerning the Congress is significant " The hygienic and social aspects of the Sabbath alone are considered at this Congress, the religious view of the day hot entering at present into the dis-cussions, however strongly they may influence many, and indeed most, of the delegates." It is safe to say that it is, the religious aspect of the question which forms the real basis of the movement, but as public sentiment everywhere is against legislation on religious questions, this motive is disguised, and Sunday laws are de-manded by ecclesiastics (and the demand comes from few others) for so-called Sabbath legislation on "hygienic" and "sanitary" grounds. Ł Another "Boycott." THE Pacific Press Publishing House is-an hi-stitution established in Oakland, Cal., and is the largest one on the Pacific Coast. The Morning Times is a leading daily of the city of Oakland. The Popular Railroad Guide is a monthly pub-lication. The owners of the Guide get their printing done on contract by the Pacific Press. The daily .Morning Times advertises in the Guide. The labor unions made several attempts to get the Pacific Press Publishing House to join some of their organizations. The Pacific Press wouldn't do it. Then the unions tried by a boycott to force it to do so, but the Press was as independent of their boycott as it was of their unions in the first place. Then they undertook to boycott those who did business with the Press. A certain Pope, not Leo XIII. but one John L., took it upon him-self to command the owner of the Guide to take away from the Press the work of publishing the Guide. The owner of the Guide replied that the publishing of the Guide was offered to the principal union job office in Oakland and de-clined on the ground that it was unprovided with the necessary plant; then the Pacific Press was invited to bid upon the work. It did so and the bid was accepted, but the bid of the Pacific Press was not as low as the bids of other and union offices. This Pope was informed, however, that the owners of the Guide had received a bid lately from a union job office which was willing to establish the necessary plant, and that they would make the change provided the Typographical.  Union would bear one-half of the expense of making the change, which would be $200, the total expense being $400. This offer was promptly declined, yet the change was insisted upon under penalty of a boycott. But the owners of the Guide would not break their contract, espeCially when they had no place else to get the work done. Then, as the boycott upon the Press was declared to be such as to reach all who patronize the house  either directly or indirectly, and as the Morning :Times advertised in the Guide, the boycotters next demanded that the Times should stop ad- vertising in the Guide, and this under penalty of a boycott. The Times replied in the following forcible article, which we fully indorse in its every sentiment :Š "The tyranny of labor is the most Oppressive that has ever been exercised by human ingenuity, when unscrupulous or ill-advised men hold the reins of power, "The ' boycott ' is the weapon by which the more __ reckless and ruthless of the labor demagogues seek to achieve objects which they know could not be at-tained by fair arbitration or honest argument before the jury of the people. "Acting upon a principle derogatory to the best in-terests of organized labor, the Alameda County Fed-eration of Trades has issued a circular, ' boycotting' not only the publication known as the Popular Rail-road Guide, but against the Times and others who ad-vertise in the pamphlet. The reason for this ' boy-cott ' is because the Guide is printed at the Pacific Press, an institution which the circular says ' is no-torious for its opposition to, and oppression of, labor, humiliating and degrading its hired help by every means in its power, and under the garb of religion en-forcing the violation of the Sabbath and acquiring large properties from the profits they are enabled to make through the oppression and ill-pay of its em-ployes.' " Here is arrogance, bigotry, and demagoguery ex-pressed within the space of a few lines. By what right does the Alameda Federation of Trades, or any other organization, whether of labor or otherwise, as-sume to dictate the Sabbath of this nation ? Whence do they derive the privilege of ordering the religious observance of any sect, in defiance of a plain provis-ion of the Constitution of the United States, guaran-teeing to every citizen the right to worship his God in any manner he may see fit. The fact that the Federation of Trades proposes to boycott the Times and other advertisers in the Popular Railroad Guide, a publication printed at a ' boycotted' concern known as the Pacific Press, is only secondary in impudence to this wanton 'attack upon a religious community, composed of citizens as privileged as the high and mighty Federation of Trades itself. "That the Times and other advertisers are under contract with the publisher of the Guide, seems to bear no weight with the tyrants of organized labor. They ' appeal ' that we ' withdraw ' our advertise. ment. This appeal,' in the presence of the pre-viously expressed threat to ' enforce a boycott against all who deal with or patronize the place, whether di-rectly or indirectly,' is in fact a demand that we shall injure our business by lessening our opportunities of informing the public that we are printing the best newspaper, with the largest circulation, in Alameda County. The demand is absurd, and we refuse to accede to it. We claim the right as American citizens to advertise where, when, and how we see fit, even to the extent of resisting an arrogant and tyrannical ' boycott.' We refuse to bow down to the presence of this ' boycott,' because we have never yet yielded to threats or intimidation. We refuse to 'withdraw' our advertisement from the Popular Railroad Guide, because the ' boycott ' is cowardly and un-American. We refuse to accede to the miscalled appeal' of the Federation of Trades, because they openly avow their opposition to the religious privileges of a sect who see 