THE "SENTINEL, OF LIBERTY. , 681 legislation and Sunday enforcement are, on the whole, a stupendous fraud, and if continued will work evil and result in persecution to some of our best citi-zens. But what Will you do, Judge, with this case? JUDGE: You may depend upon it, Mr. Marsh, I will never play the role of a Pontius Pilate and con-demn'an innocent man, for I am fully convinced that Jones is no more guilty of a crime against the state in lifting out some potatoes in his garden on Sunday than I was in examining some legal papers in my office on the same day. If the church leaders want to impeach me for refusing to sentence an in-nocent man, I am willing to step down and out. I.  realize that I am to be summoned before a higher court than I have presided over, and I do not want the blood of innocent men found on my garments. ATTORNEY: Good; I honor you, Judge, for the noble stand you take and will stand by you. JUDGE: Thanks; good day. J. F. BALLENGER. FOR AN ILLINOIS STATE SUNDAY LAW. IN line with what was said in these columns last week touching the ' prospect for a Sunday-closing law in Illinois is the following from the Chicago News of October 16: " A wide interest in Sunday closing was awakened last year in different parts or the city, and the good effects of the movement are still in evidence, as shown by the agitation of the grocers, butchers, milkmen, and other tradesmen in favor of a State law enforcing Sunday rest. Several meetings for this purpose were held at various places in the city last Sunday after-noon, and the various clerks' and retailers' associa-tions propose to appeal to the pulpit in aid of their plans, and also to distribute handbills and notices calling upon people to patronize only stores that ob-serve Sunday closing. " Logically this, movement for a State law is the only hope for anything like a permanent and satis-factory solution of the Sunday question. It is ex-tremely difficult at times to procure the assent of all retailers in a given neighborhood to an agreement for Sunday closing, and as long as there are excep-tions their numbers are likely to be increased by re-cruits from Sunday closers who fear rivals will gain their trade. * '1 Ł * " Laboring men and clerks and small retailers are especially interested in this Sunday question, aside even from any religious scruples or beliefs they may -have. The rich man can rest when he pleases. The poor, man, under conditions that are in danger of h-ardening into custom in many great cities, is often  compelled to work seven days in the week or lose his job.' As wages now are generally-adjusted to the labor week of six days, labor would simply add to its toil without increasing th,e remuneration, should the seven-day week beconie the custom. It would also by this act cut off all opportunity for social converse, moral and religious instruction and de-velopment, and, in general, make life a monotonous vista of working days, broken only by a rare holi- day. * * * Ł "Whether, therefore, the enforcement of Sunday rest be regarded from either the Christian or the pagan point of view there is the authority and cus-tom of practically all the past history of the world in its favor. Man is not a machine. He needs periodical rest to recuperate and to store up vigor for work. As a matter of fact, in the long run, any man will do far more and far better work working only six days in the week and resting the seventh than he will working all the time. Illinois should follow the example of many other States and enact a Sunday-closing law, and having enacted it should see that it is enforced." TROUBLE AHEAD. From ;the Flaming Sword. , The signs of the the times, when accurately read and scientifically interpreted, indicale ,that the great culmination ,of the age is at hand. The world en-tered a vortex of war when war was declared between America and Spain; when the United States stepped into recognition as a world power and began action upon the Oriental stage close to the mouth of the dragon. We have passed through an age of war; and the age must culminate in war and revolutionŠthe curse must ultimate in woes. The whirlpool widens in its sweep and must ultimately involve every element of the old order----every church and state, every organization, every great power, every Civilized nation, and every department of indukry, commerce, and political economy. We see millions of soldiers drilling for war, and hundreds of warships ready for action; we see the massing of capital for the purpose of protecting its interests against organ-ized labor, and we hear the threats of the labor lead-ers that ere they surrender their cause they will command upbn the field of action the millions-  of working-men. The affairs of the world are reaching the critical stage; the storm is, approaching and its force is irresistible. There is no hope of escape from the destruction of the present order of the world; it is inevitable, for the war must be cleared for the new world! 