APRIL 6, AM Vitt CAN glNritINE.ITL,. 109 acumen, and Attorney General Lewis, who represented the State, has my hearty thanks for his gentlemanly and consider-ate conduct in the prosecution. All the cases tried were won by the defense, but the victory was a barren one in some re-spects, as we have not yet secured what we desire in Tennessee, as well as elsewhere Ša case in which we can get from the tribunal of last resort a definite ruling in what are believed to be insuperable objec-tions to compulsory idleness and gloom on Sunday, by law established. The Protestant Church in Russia. IT is manifestly the determination of the Russian authorities to crush all reli- gious dissent throughout the length and the breadth of the vast empire. The ideal of Czar Nicholas, " One empire, one tongue, one church," has been revived in an acuteness never before exhibited. Es-pecially are the Protestant churches in the Baltic Provinces the sufferers. As the highest intellectual and spiritual force in the entire empire, and consequently the most stubborn opponent of the Russifi-cation process, Protestantism has aroused the special ire of those high in State and Church, and a veritable crusade against her existence is being relentlessly carried on. More than one-tenth of her ministry have been deposed and banished; old rights and privileges have been with-drawn; her schools are being destroyed, and even the great Dorpat University is being slowly strangled. Scarcely a week passes in which some measure of suppres-sion is not promulgated. There is method in the madness, and the state of affairs is even worse than it was when the Basel Convention of the Evangelical Alliance sent a delegation to the Czar to present a petition for his Protestant subjects. These facts make a brief survey of the Protestant churches in Russia a matter of special interest. There are three groups of Protestant churches in Russia, entirely distinct in origin and history. These groups are the Protestants in St. Petersburg, in the Bal-tic Provinces, and in the Interior Prov-inces. The first and last groups are the descendants of immigrants, chiefly Ger-mans and Lutherans, invited to settle in Russia by Peter the Great, and Catherine I., and promised full religious liberty. The Baltic group consists chiefly of Es-thonians and Livonians, although the leading classes, the aristocracy, business and professional men, are nearly all Ger-mans. There are no Russian Protestants. PROTESTANTS IN ST. PETERSBURG. The St. Petersburg Protestants came from all parts of western Europe, and at first, in the days of Peter the Great, con-stituted a single congregation. As their numbers grew, they divided into separate congregations, according to language and nationality. At present there are more than ninety thousand Protestant Chris-tians in the Russian metropolis, of whom the great bulk are Lutheran. They are organized into twenty-one congregations, and five missions, in the city itself. Of these congregations fifteen are Lutheran, and six are Reformed. They possess eighteen churches, the disparity between churches and congregations finding its explanation in the fact that in a number of cases two congregations, differing in language, make use of the same house of worship. The Protestant clergy in the  Russian metropolis number thirty-two. Each congregation there averages 4,286 souls; there is one church for every 5,000 souls; and one pastor for every 2,813. The increase in the number of churches and of the clergy in the last thirty years has been noteworthy, and is in advance of the growth of the Protestant population. During these three decades the number of pastors has increased twenty per cent. ; six new churches have been erected; the seating capacity of the churches has in-creased thirty-four per cent. There are, in addition, ten mission stations in the suburbs, served by the same number of pastors. Every Sunday, Protestant serv-ices are held in St. Petersburg in nine languages, Š namely, German, French, English, Dutch, Russian, Finnish, Swed-ish, Esthonian, and Livonian. These con-gregations are virtually independent, and enjoy a greater degree of self-government than they do in some of the States of western Europe. In this regard they can be compared with the Congregational and Lutheran Churches in England and Amer-ica. All the St. Petersburg congregations are personal and not parochial. Thus, the place of a man's residence does not decide to which congregation he shall belong. Directly or indirectly, the congregation select their own `pastors and church offi-cials, and these again are answerable chiefly to the congregations. Some of the congregations are possessed of so much property that the income from this source almost entirely covers their expenditures. In other cases the members contribute according to their ability. No aid is re-ceived from the State. All are liberal givers. Educational work is carried on by them on a grand scale, and they have also thoroughly organized their charitable work. In the esteem of the public the Protestants of St. Petersburg stand high. Some of the Protestant pastors are very influential in high places, and among the thinking portion of the Established Church, the spiritual character of Protest-antism is keenly appreciated as compared with the petrified formalism of the Ortho-dox Church and the immoral lives of many of the priests. GERMAN LUTHERANS. The three Baltic Provinces of Kourland, Livonia, and Esthonia have, since 1523, constituted a solid phalanx of Lutheran Protestantism. Of the two million inhab-itants only two hundred thousand are Germans; but these constitute the wealthy, the educated and leading classes. The clergy, almost to a man, have received their education in Germany, and the pas-tors remain in touch and tone with the development of religious and theological thought in the Fatherland. The tradi-tional rights of the Protestant churches, sworn to be preserved by all the rulers that have managed their destinies, have been broken only by Nicholas I. and Al-exander III. Under some of the Russian Czars these Protestants enjoyed greater religious liberty than they did under the Kings of Sweden. Especially were Cath-erine II. and Alexander II. favorable to them. One great difficulty is that the bulk of the congregations and members do not belong to the same nationality with their pastors and the nobility. Move-ments, however, inaugurated repeatedly to make a serious break between pastor and people, have failed. Serfdom was abolished there nearly two generations be-fore this was done in the rest of the em- pire. This was accomplished in 1846, and twenty years later peasants were permit-ted to buy property. The material and intellectual prosperity of these provinces is greater than that of any other districts in the empire. The University of Dorpat ranks with any in Germany. The eccle-siastical government of the provinces is in the hands of six consistories, under the general control of the Higher Consistory in St. Petersburg. The number of con-gregations is 316, with 342 pastors. The average number of souls to a congregation is 7,179. The Baltic Protestants are very pronounced in their evangelical faith, and the present persecution will not crush them. PROTESTANTS IN THE INTERIOR. The Protestants in the Interior Prov-inces, descendants of colonists, are chiefly settled in two districts, one along the Volga, the other in Southeastern Russia, and north of the Black Sea. There are, however, many Protestants scattered in other provinces, also in the Caucasus and in Siberia. On the Volga there are about 200,000 Protestants, who have converted these steppes into a paradise. In the southeastern districts there are some 150,-000 Protestants, in 34 cities and 250 larger and smaller villages. They constitute 34 parishes. In all the Interior Provinces there are about 1,000,000 adherents of the Protestant faith. The great bulk of them are Lutherans, the Reformed constituting from 7 to 8 per cent. only. The majority of the parishes are exceedingly polyglot, particularly in the Crimea and in Siberia. As a rule they are sincere and earnest Christians, eager to hear the Word, and distinguished from their Orthodox neigh-bors by a thorough evangelical life.ŠProf. Geo. H. Schodde, 'in N. Y. Inde-pendent. A Zeal Not According to Knowledge. MEN are often led to do that which seems to them right, but in the sight of God is wrong, and contrary to the Golden Rule. Especially is this the case with those who are zealous for a cer-tain religious dogma. We learn that Paul was very zealous for the law of Moses, and when the Christian Church came into existence, he did all in his power to persecute those who composed it. The church at Jerusalem was scattered far and wide through his persecution. In this he thought he was doing God service. But was he ? " Whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them." Paul treated others far different from what he would wish to be treated himself. But his zeal blinded him in this respect; he could not see the wrong he was doing others. He evidently believed in doing evil that good might come. Did good come out of it ? No, but there came a time when he was stopped in his mad career, by the hand of Him who is al-ways so ready to convince men of their error, especially those who know that they are going contrary to the Word of God. As Paul was going on a journey to per-secute some of those who believed and acted contrary to his religious views, he was stopped by a voice which said to him : " Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou me ?" Paul then realized the wrong he had been doing both to God and to his fellow-men. It was God who had spoken to him, and convinced him that he was doing wrong; that he was interfering with that right 