362 .A.101.1H4Tall CA_N VOL. 9, No. 46. when I was hungering and thirsting for some sign of his presence, for some evi-dence that he still lived and loved me, I began to hear Spiritualism discussed,, and I read eagerly and listened earnestly, so as to obtain all the information h could glean. . a I became most anxious tc find some medium, but had no idea how to accomplish it when an unexpected way was opened to me under very pleasant and desirable circumstmaces A lady I knew told me she would like to introduce me to an old friend of hers, who, together with her daughter, was investigating Spir-itualism in a very serious and religious manner. Accordingly, the introduction was effected,, and the old lady kindly begged me to go and pay them a visit. " Mrs. R. (as will call her) and her daughter Margaret, had been originally Unitarians, as was our mutual friend and introducer, but at the time I made their acquaintance they were Christian dissent-ers, the spirits having declared to them the divinity of our Lord. " I may here add that Margaret event-ually became a Catholic under the same influences which helped me to become one, although some time after my recep-tion, and she has remained a thoroughly good and faithful child of the church for now more than twelve years, having bap-tized her mother on her death-bed, and instructed many in. the Zwith. I make a point of mentioning '61 His, because I have seen it stated, not only that Spiritualists seldom become Catholics which is proba-bly true, though `i think many would do so if they could be brought under Oath-oil 'influences), but, that in the rare in-stances'of apparent conversion, they have always gone back. I can only say that this is distinctly contradicted by facts within my knowledge. "The seances held at Mrs. R 's house were entirely private, and were attended by no professional medium, but several of the habitues possessed considerable magnetic force, which had been developed and increased by these freqent meetings. There was, in particular, a certain Mr. BŠ, a member of the congregation to which my friends belonged, who had very extraordinary powers. He used to fall into a sort of trance, appearing like one dead, pale and livid, and then would sud-denly start up, gazing straight before him into space, with eyes that had in them no speculation, and would begin to speak in voices quite other than and distinct from his own, voices of men, of women, and of children, voices refined and cultured, and voices coarse and rough, he being all the time entirely unconscious of what was being spoken through him. Occasionally a voice would be recognized by friends of the departed individual from whom it pro-fessed to emanate, but often the voices were those of strangers, coming, for the most part, to implore prayers. I after-wards saw this " trance-mediumship," as it is called, in several other instances, especially in that of a German lady, now deadŠan interesting person, of sensitive temperament and religious aspiration, who had come out of Calvinism through the teachings of her disembodied friends, and who was gradually learning Catholic doc-trines. . . " We were bidden always to make the sign of the cross before entering into these communications, and to request any spirit, wishing to spell a message, to MOVE. the indicator in the form of a cross, as they said that evil spirits were unable to make  the holy sign. We found this a great protection, but still I think we were some-timez deluded, unless it might have been, that we perhaps did not always accurately obtain a message as it was intended. . . . All the seances at Mrs. RŠ's were begun by prayer and the singing of hymns, by the special desire of the spirits present. They invariably begged to be prayed for, as did nearly always all the spirits with whom I was brought into contact during my investigations, in other places, and through other mediums. This fact struck me very much, and was, indeed, the first ray of light which flashed across my path. ' Is not this the Roman Catholic doctrine of purgatory and of prayer for the dead ?' I asked of a spirit. Yes, and it is true,' was the reply. The spirits literally beset us with entreaties for prayers. Some of them appeared very unhappy, greatly la-menting the selfish and useless' or sinful lives they had led upon earth, and which they were now expiating. Are you in heaven ? ' yve would sometimes inquire of one whose words were more hopeful, and whose influence' was sweet and peaceful. Oh, no, not yetŠbut I soon shall be, if you will pray,' was once the answer. " And so we prayed for the dead for the first time in our lives ! Gradually many other Catholic truths were taught to Mar-garet and to me, spelled out by the Indi-cator,' but we were so ignorant of the doctrines that we did not always under-stand them, or recognize their full import at the time, though we began to wonder whether, as the church of Rome was ap-parently considerably right, it might not be actually possible that she should be right in a good deal more. And what if she should be altogether right, and be the one true teacher ! " I have heard that Mr. B also be- came a Catholic eventually, but as my friends, the R 's, lost sight of him when he left their neighborhood, I am not sure of the fact. " Another old friend, at present a pro-fessed nun, who has been a Catholic more than twenty years, often joined me in my inquiries into Spiritualism at the period of which I am writing, chiefly by putting her hand with mine on the Indicator,' to obtain the spelling of messages, Quite recently I paid her a visit at her convent, and, as we were talking over the Auld Lang Syne,' before the conversion of either of us, and wondering at our dreads and difficulties in those now dim and distant days, she recalled to my mind an incident that had escaped my memory (though I now remember it perfectly), as to a com-munication we had received, in reply to a question of hers, as to whether the Church of England was preferable to other forms of religion, as she believed it then to be, meaning, of course, to Protestant sects, the Catholic Church being entirely out- side her region of thought. All these churches fall short of the ideal,' was the reply; the Roman Catholic Church is the true religion.' Upon this, my friend im-mediately exclaimed : Now, I know that this is not a reliable message !' Yet she says she never forgot this testimony, and considers that it indirectly helped in her conversion. ŁŁ "On leaving the RŠ's, I went to Lon-don on a visit, and saw a great deal of Spiritualism, of all kinds, some of which was decidedly undesirable, and dangerous even from the point of view of a non- Catholic ; but I was now determined to go fully and thoroughly into the subject. I also met and became intimately acquainted with some of the most enlightened and intellectual leaders of the movement, who were in reality rather mystics of the school of Bohmen, Jung Stilling, Oberlin, and others, than ordinary Spiritualists. By one of these earnest and thoughtful per-sons, I was lent an old Italian Life of St. Catherine of Siena,' which took a great hold upon me, so much so, that I began to invoke her, asking of her, instruction as well as intercession. And from this time I came gradually to see more clearly, and to accept Catholic doctrine in a way very wonderful, considering that I had never seen a priest, or read any dogmatic Catholic book, or spoken to any Catholic in the flesh. " One day I went to a séance with some friends, two of whom were High Church clergymen, at the house of a well-known medium. Answers to inquiries were spelled out by raps on the table, floor, and indeed, all over the room. Questions having been asked on theological matters by the two clergymen, especially concerning the real presence, and some confusion in the an-swers having arisen, I said, ' May I tell you what has been told to me ?' As I repeated what had been given me by im-pression,' I was accompanied by a perfect chorus of raps. Is she right ?' asked ono of the clergymen. Yes, yes, yes,' from all parts of the room. How does she know this ?" Because a very high spirit, called Catherine, is teaching her.' Who is this Catherine ?' said one of my friends to me. I replied, I have been reading the Life of St. Catherine of Siena." Yes, yes, yes,' came again from the invisible chorus. The impressional message re-ceived by me concerning transubstantia-tion, was, as I afterwards found when more fully instructed, entirely in accord-ance with Catholic doctrine. . . . " From this time I began to go to mass, and left off attending Anglican services, but I knew no Catholics, and had not the remotest idea of how to put myself in communication with a priest. . . . I was, however, received into the church, about six months after this episode, by a very experienced and remarkable priest, now dead, to whom I was made known by an American lady, herself a convert to Catholicism through the teachings of the spirits, a friend of the person who lent me the 'Life of St. Catherine.' Her occult expe-riences far transcend mine in interest, and sho came into the church in a much more marvelous manner. She died a few years ago, after receiving the sacraments, an undoubted instance of the perseverance of a former Spiritualist. I should like to relate many of the wonderful things she told me about her conversion, but space fails, so I will only say in passing that it would seem to have been chiefly the work Ł of Jesuit and Franciscan martyrs, who appeared to her and taught her, she being utterly ignorant not only of the Catholic religion, but of any form of Christianity, though very desirous of truth at any price, and from whatever quarter. Her hus-band and some friends, impressed by these extraordinary manifestations, followed in her footsteps, and were also received in AmericaŠI believe by a Jesuit father. " I have only been able, in this sketch, to furnish a few broad outlines of strange  facts, which to some may seem startling, but which I hold to be less unusual thadi 