"DESIRE OF AGES" TRADE EDITION Is printed on thin paper, making it just the right size for general reading, and to carry when traveling. Not illustrated, but contains the complete text of the large, beautiful subscription edition, including frontis-piece, general and Scriptural indexes, and appendix. We publish the trade edition of " Desire of Ages " at the earnest solicitation of our many patrons who desire this newly written account of the Life of the Great Teacher in a compact form, and at a moderate price. We believe that these two features are fully met in our effort, and that this trade edition is all that could be desired ; and the price brings it within the reach of the multitudes. It contains 1,042 pages ; is handsomely and substantially bound. Price; in cloth  $1.50 Full leather, round corners  2.00 LIVINfi FOUNTAINS OR BROKEN CISTERNS, An Educational Problem fer Protestants; Ł IN this volume is considered that greatest ofallprobletus, the education of the children and youth. It contains the history of the two systems of education, Pagan and Christian. The cause of the failure and apostasy of Israel, the early church, the Reformers, and modern Protestants, also the weak-ness of the remnant church, can be traced to no other source, and accounted for on no other grounds than the Pagan methods and wrong principles of education instilled into the minds and hearts of the children and youth of past ages and the present generation. Would you know and understand the true principles of Christian Education for to=day? Secure at once a copy of "Liv-ing Fountains or Broken Cisterns, an Educational,  Problem for Protestants." Read it, and ponder its teactings in your heart. It contains 427 pages, printed from 21",Ł---.'npe, substantially bound in cloth. Price .$1.25. BATTLE CREEK, MICH., May 29, Iwo. I have read the MS. of Prof. E. A. Sutherland's new book, "Living Fountains or Broken Cisterns, an Educational' Prob-lem for Protestants," and I am convinced that it is the book for our churches and our schools. Everyone who reads the book must be convinced that there are now two systems of education ; one Christian and the other Pagan. The one leading to the knowledge of God and the other to doubt and infidelity. L. A. HOOPES, Sec. Gen. Conf. SEND YOUR 'ORDERS TO THE S P IL OF THE REPUBLIC ()F_ THE UNITED STATES. By PERCY T. NIAGAN. titttr;=1/ tttST1Tttt'ff / 2.1.3_11.414111,14,WIZ Great Literature, Should sift ft. TITTDITT  ,1 I I ITTTIrrtrTrTiTTTT171-TTTTT  TTTT t 1 TT ' 4 -4-  4--r t S 1 I 1N On its pages the Old Light of the Prophecies' Great History, blarea.op afresh! Millions Should Read lt. E Greater Prophecy. .I Thousands Should Buy It. 'r IV' you would touch the hearts of .men, you must touch.them over the things upon which they are thinking, and in which they expect to act a part.  Five thousand copies of " The Peril of the Republic " were sold before the plated left the presses, and before-any-advertising had been undertaken. - - , - ' }ere are sortie of the chapter headings: "A Nation's Birthright," "National Apostasy," "Manifest Des- tiny," "In Me Trail of Rome," " Amity or Armageddon." , - - , " If you Would know this mdst important hiStory of tfiis time, you will have to -read ' The Peril of - the Republic ; ' for the history is given nowhere else."--Review and Herald, Jan. 2, 1900.. It contains 11 chapters, 196 pages, has A beautiful cover design, is substantially bound . in clofh. ' Price, $4,60, postpaid. - - REVIEW AND HERALD PUB. Co., TORONTO, Ont. 1%1I01-1. CHICAGO, 111. - ATLANTA, Ga. 