32 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL,. el-F1?,2 ocirr2uical2 Ber2tir2el. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, APRIL, 1887. NOTE, ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay'for the same. No one who sees this number of the SENTI-NEL should pass, by the article on pp. 28-30, which is chiefly a reprint of a speech by the Hon. Robert H. Crockett, of the Arkansas Senate. We are very sure that whoever be-gins to read it will finish it. The circum-stances of its delivery were these: In 1885 the -Arkansas Legislature repealed that section of the Sunday law which granted to observ-ers of the seventh day the privilege of labor- ing on Sunday without being molested. Im-mediately a bitter persecution began against those who conscientiously rested on the sev-enth day of the week, and labored the other six. At the last session of the Legislature, Senator Crockett introduced what might be called a religious liberty bill, and it was in support of this bill that he made the speech which we quote. The cause of religious liberty owes a great deal to Senator Crockett. He made this bill the Object of his special care, and so successful were his efforts that it passed both Houses by a large majority. The effect of his noble efforts in behalf of religious liberty is not con-fined to Arkansas, whose citizens reap the immediate benefit; but his Ł eloquent words will stir up honest people in all parts of the United States, to protest against the iniquity of interference by the State in matters purely religious. Senator Crockett is a grandson of Col. David Crockett, the hero of the Alamo, of whom he has shown himself to be a worthy descendant. THE Christian Cynosure says:Š "The Arkansas Legislature has passed a bill repealing the law punishing for engaging in secular pursuits on Sunday those who re-ligiously observe one day each week as Sab-bath. Under the existing law there have been numerous prosecutions of Second Ad-ventists for working on Sunday." At last the Cynosure has awakened to the fact that there have actually been persecutions in the United States, for conscience' sake. Several months ago a statement of the perse-cutions under the Sunday law in Arkansas and Tennessee, was made in a sermon in Chi- cago, and the editor of the Cynosure called loudly for proof. He didn't believe that any- body had been persecuted, but said that if such things had been done, the matter ought to be investigated. The matter was investi-gated. The one who preached the sermon went South a few weeks later, and wrote to the Cynosure a statement of the' facts in the case, Some of them are given in the speech published on another page of the SENTINEL. The Cynosure published the statement, but said no more about putting a stop to such proceedings. Having been assured that per- secutions had actually taken place, the editor seemed to be satisfied. He did say, however, that the report "lacked confirmation." Still it seems, from his tardy acknowledgrnent, that he really believed it all the time. He could hardly have helped doing so; but not a word in condemnation of the persecutions has appeared in the Cynosure. Is it necessary to add that the editor of the 'Cynosure is one of the Vice-Presidents of the National Reform Association ? National Reform Physicians. IN his " clashing voices " department in the Christian Statesman of February 3, Mr. Gault quotes the following voice from James B. Mc-Ginnis, in the St. Louis.Republican:Š " This is not a Christian State, nor is it under a Christian Constitution, but one made for Jews, Mohammedans, Pagans, Infidels, and Christians alike ; and that this may long remain the land of perfect religious liberty, is the fervent aspiration of every patriot and real lover of his kind." True enough; but among patriots. and real lovers of their kind your ardent National Reformer is not to be classed. Ł And so Mr. Gault lifts his voice and causes it to " clash " against the. one just quoted, as follows:Š "You forget that it is impossible for our Government to show the same favor to every system of religion. It must discriminate in favor of one or the other. Christianity fur-nishes the only perfect system of morals, the only system that secures perfect liberty. This is why the Government ,does and must dis-criminate in favor of Christianity. For in-stance, if our Government would abolish Sabbath laws, it would disfranchise every Christian citizen. Such -religious liberty is far from being perfect." One peculiarity about the writings of M. A. Gault is that there is never any connection between his propositions and the proofs which he adduces in support thereof ; between his premises and his conclusions. So in the above quotation; taken as a whole it is meaningless, but the detached statements may be under-stood. He says: " You forget that it is im- possible for our Government to show the same favor to every system of religion." We do not forget it, because we never knew it; and the writer in the Republican evidently is as ignorant as we are on that point, for he as-serts that our Constitution as it is, does grant equal liberty to all religionists, and that therein its fairness lies. We would like to have some National Reformer demonstrate why this Government cannot treat all systems of religion alike. According to Mr. Gault's statement, the National Reformers are working for what already exists. For, (1) He states that it is impossible for this Government to show the same favor to every system.of religion. Then it must be that the United States does not show equal favor to men of all beliefs. (2) Mr. Gault goes farther, and declares that this Government does discriminate in favor of Christianity. If that is so, the National Re-formers' occupation is gone, 'for that is just what they profess to be working for. The story goes that a man was induced to believe that he needed a physician, and upon  consulting one he was asked about his condi-tion. In reply to questions, he stated that his strength was good, that he had a good appe-tite, and that he slept well. To which the physician replied, " Very well, we shall soon change all that." Just such physicians the National Reformers will prove-themselves to be for this country. There is freedom now; every man has liberty to worship God in whateVer way he thinks God requires; but the National Reformers propose toŁ change all that, so that no form of religion shall be tolerated except the one they think is right. When that time comes, then know that the.  ruin of the nation is at hand. AT the Wooster, Ohio, Convention the Na-tional Reformers adopted the following as a part of their platform:Š " The rights of man are properly under-stood and maintained only where responsibil-ity to God is deeply felt. This is sufficient guarantee that our movement cannot infringe upon any just conception of individual liberty." The self-assurance of these model Reform- ers is something to be admired. We protest that this is no guarantee at all. All history attests that individual liberty has not been se- cured, in any instance, by uniting religion with the State. The following proposition, timely three centuries ago, is as conclusive as that copied above:Š " The rights of man are properly under-stood and maintained only where responsibil-ity to God is deeply felt. This is sufficient guarantee that the supremacy of the Pope as the vicegerent of Christ, and the establish-ment of the holy inquisition cannot infringe upon any just conception of individual lib-erty." To Ł` the Church " this was a very reason-able proposition, and " very full of comfort." But to dissenters and genuine Reformers, it had a different look. In the light of what we have read from the "National Reformers" we are inclined to believe that the "true inward- ness" of the movement and the platform is concealed in the phrase, " just conception of individual liberty." It was shown in the SEN-TINEL, from their own avowals, that with them, "just conceptions" of individual rights are that no one shall be a bona fide citizen and eligible to office who is not in full sympathy with "the characteristic faith " of the nation! With this understanding their platform is quite consistent! " JESUS answered, My kingdom is not of this world ; if my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight." John 18 : 36. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE MONTHLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, 'both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact T_EP2N/IS. Single Copy, per year, - 7  - - - 50 cents. To foreign countries, single subscription, post- paid  2s. Specimen copies free. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro St., OAKLAND, CAL. 