- 90c - - 800 - - 76c - 70c - - 65e shillings. 24  CA.N VOL. 10, . ii. NEW YORK, JANUARY 17, 1895. 12W' ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some riend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. READ the defense of W. T. Gibson on the first page, and then order extra copies and distribute them among your friends. Ex-tra copies can be secured at the rate of one dollar per hundred. THE SENTINEL publishes this week its first original illustration. If our readers believe the cause of truth can be better served by an occasional judicious use of illustrations, let them manifest their belief by ordering extra copies of this number for missionary purposes. SUBSCRIBE for the SENTINEL, if you are not a subscriber. If you are a regular subscriber, after reading this issue, do you not think of some one to whom you could afford to order the paper sent for six months or a year, who ought to read it, and will read it to their profit ? THE Catholic Times boasts that in Ro-man Catholic Belgium, "Sunday mer-chandise trains have been suppressed, and more than half, of the Sunday postal de-liveries have been abolished." Rome is not slow to honor her own. As a " Chris-tian" institution, Sunday belongs solely to Rome and it is not strange that she exalts it. A PEW copies of Volume 9 of the AMER-ICAN SENTINEL bcaind and accurately in-dexed, are now offered for sale. Manilla paper cover, $1.50; cloth, leather back and corners, $2.50. Order immediately, as only a limited number will be sold, and the orders will be filled, as long as the supply holds out, according to the date of receiving them. THE Pittsburg (Pa.) Catholic boasts that "it has been much remarked that the highest position in a country like Ger-many, which is far the greater part Prot-estant, is in the hands of a follower of Rome." The same thing is true to an alarming extent in this country, especially in the large cities. Rome is dominating the governments of earth and using them in her interests. OF th a recent appearance of a Catholic priest before the students of the Union Theological Seminary, the Catholic Times says:Š Father Doyle, a Paulist, lectured before the students of the Union Theological Seminary (Presbyterian), and was introduced by Dr. Charles Briggs. This is a good sign With Father Elliott talking to Protestant lay-men and Father Doyle to clerics, a special missionary  career opens to the congregation which was instituted for the conversion of the United Statesa There is a deep good sense in the saying about Mohammed's going to the mountain when the mountain would not come to him. We wish the Paulists boundless success in their efforts. Of course the Times wishes the Paulists boundless success, and they are having it too. But what a commentary on modern Protestantism is the' fact that the lecture platform of a professedly Protestant theo-logical seminary is occupied by a papist, while in another State crowds of " Protes-tants " hang upon the honeyed words of a priest. Papists are forbidden to read Protestant books or to hear Protestant preaching, while so - called Protestants fawn upon the representatives of the papal church. REv. R. C. WYLIE, of the National Re-form Association, writing to the Christian Statesman of Dec. 1, says:Š All who are in favor of the millennium should favor this [the so-called Christian] amendment. We want to make it as easy to be a consistent Chris-tian in the service of this Government as it is to be a consistent free-thinker. We want the public obstacles to consistent Christian living taken away. That is, Mr. Wylie wants the power of the Government used to remove the cross from the Christian life. He wants a pre-mium placed upon a profession of Chris-tianity, which is only another way of saying that National Reform proposes to place a premium on hypocrisy. AN Episcopal clergyman said recently in Jersey City:Š The danger of this country is not to come from Roman Catholicism, but from infidelity; from a luxu-rious materialistic and selfish spirit which worships nothing but itself; from a divided and quarreling Christianity, which has more sects than there were gods in pagan times. This utterance is significant of the times. "Rome sever changes;" this is her boast; but she is now lauded to the skies by pro-fessed Protestants, "degenerate sons of noble sires," who in the days of the Ref-ormation came out of Rome protesting against the very abominations which' their descendants now declare are harmless. IF so-called Protestants do not realize how rapidly they are drifting Romeward, Roman Catholics are not ignorant of the downward trend, and they are rejoicing over it. The Western Watchman thus notes with immense satisfaction the prog-ress Romeward of the Methodist Church : The Methodists are adopting the Anglican commun-ion service, and in one church in Omaha, with the full consent of- the local bishop, this service is regu-larly held instead of the tame little picnic that has been the custom heretofore in Methodist churches. It won't be long before the Methodist dominees will be saying "mass." They are able to do so every whit as much as their Anglican confreres. They have dea-conesses; why should they not have priests ? There is nothing in the name. Notice the sneer with which this Roman Catholic paper refers to the Lord's supper  as celebrated by Methodists Š a " tame little picnic,"Šand yet Methodists, disci-ples of John Wesley, will' continue to ape the abominations of the " mother of har-lots and abominations of the earth." THE Western Watchman has this edito-rial note :Š The Emperor William has asked the pope to estab-lish a feast of praise and prayer for the Fatherland, intimating that if the church leads he will see to it that Lutherans and all others follow, His holiness has assented, and a sort of German Thanksgiving Day will be inserted in the calendar of November. ProtŁ estant Germany ruled by the popes! Slightly for the present. An entering wedge. This shows how Rome is watching and taking advantage of every thing to strengthen her power. How long will it be ere Rome again rules the world by ruling the governments of the world ? THE thirty-first session of the General Conference of Seventh-day Adventists will convene at Battle Creek, Mich., Feb. 15, and continue until March 4. The regular session will be preceded by an institute for Bible study, beginning Feb. 1, and closing Feb. 14. A Bulletin will be issued tri-weekly dur-ing the institute and daily during the con-ference. The Bulletin issued during the last conference reached a circulation of 6,000, and was a triumph in modern religious journalism. The committee promises even better work during this session. The Bul-letin will not only contain the business proceedings of the conference, but the best thoughts on religious themes presented in addresses, which in some cases will be sten-ographically reported and published in full. The price of the Bulletin is 50c. All or-ders should be sent to the International Tract Society, Battle Creek, Mich. Premium Offer. FOR one subscription, new or old, to the AMERICAN SENTINEL, we will give free one copy of the 25-cent dictionary, adver-tised in another column; for two subscrip-tions, one copy of the 50-cent style; and for two subscriptions and 10 cents, one copy of the 60-cent book. Special terms to canvassers who wish to use the " New Webster Dictionary and Complete. Vest-Pocket Library " in their work for the SENTINEL. Address AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond St., New York.. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefor.Ł uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, peryear, 25 to 99 100 to 249 " " " " 250 to 499 " " " " 500  to 999 " " 1000 or more " " " To foreign countries in Postal Union, - Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street. New York City. 