only as far as their outward acts are concerned." And this conclusion is confirmed by his other statement, that, "It is outside the province of human Government to supervise the thoughts and opinions of any one." But Mr. Gault does not mean at all what his argument proves,Ł he knows full well, and he means itso,that "God's perfect system ofmorals" does most decidedly "supervise the thoughts and opinions" and the very intents of the heart of every soul of man. Now if the Government is to adopt God's perfect system of morals, bow can it possibly avoid the supervision of the thoughts and opinions of its subjects? If it is the duty of human Government to adopt God's perfect system of morals, which supervises the thoughts and opinions of every one, then how can such supervision be outside the province of human Government? Having adopted as its supreme law, a system of morals that supervises the thoughts and opinions of men, upon what principle will the Government stop simply with " the outward acts " ? Upon no principle what-ever. If perchance Mr. Gault should not mean either of these deductions, but really means that under God's perfect system of morals the Government shall touch only the outward acts, then it must be that he means -that the Government shall uproot the tree of immorality in this nation, by plucking off the leaves; that the inside of the national cup and platter shall be made clean by a Governmental washing of the outside. Then we simply cite him to the words of Christ to the Pharisees on this very subject. "Woe unto you, scribes arid Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye make clean the outside of the cup and of the platter,. but within they are full of extortion and excess. Thou blind Pharisee, cleanse first that which is within the cup and platter, that the outside of them may be clean also." Matt. 23 : 25, 26. But whether the gentleman means any or none of these deductions, the fact is that in the statements which he has made, he has involved himself' in a muddle out of which he can never get, in harmony with God's perfect system of morals. THE ecclesiastical power has no scruple in employing in its own favor those arms of which it deprecates the use, the employment of which it treats as impious usurpation, when put forth against it.ŠDean Milman. " THE lofty looks of man shall be humbled, and the haughtiness of men shall be bowed down, and the Lord alone shall be exalted in that day" isa. 2 :11. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE MONTHLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever he uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. 88 THE A.NIERIC.A.N SENTINEL. A " MONTHLY reading " lately issued by the Woman's Christian Temperance Union on the subject of " Our National Sins," says: "A true Theocracy is yet to come," and "the enthrone-ment of Christ in law and law-makers, hence I pray devoutly as a Christian patriot, for the ballot in the hands of women." This point of " a true Theocracy " we commend to the consid-eration of President Brunot, who claims that it is a false charge that the design of National Reform is to turn this Republic into a Theocracy. As for the other, we should like for the author of the "reading," or some one else, to tell us how many law-makers there can properly be in a true Theocracy? Perhaps, too, we might re-mark that the scheme of" the enthronement of Christ in law-makers" by ballot, is but the ex-pression in another form ofthe National Reform method of bringing the gospel to the masses, as developed in Mrs. Woodbridge'; ciWitauqua speech. Convicted by Their Own Testimony. IN the Pittsburg Nation al Reform Convention, President Brunot said: "No State can rightly attempt to compel the consciences of its citizens with a particular religion, and, as we believe, no particular religion can rightly attempt to use the .State to compel men's consciences to its belief." Then we should like to know what Mr. Bru-not means by acting as the head of a movement that has in view no other aim than that of com-pelling men's consciences with a particular re-ligion, namely, the Christian religion? Or does the gentleman mean to convey the impression that Christianity is not a particular religion? For it is the sheerest and most absurd sophistry to say that men's acts may be compelled with a particular religion without compelling the con-science; because when in conformity with a par-ticular religion, men who do not believe it at all are compelled to act as though they believed it; this is nothing else than to compel the con-science. By the way, for the especial benefit ofŁRev. M. A. Gault, we might in this connection indulge just a little in a " clashing voices " exercise. With the above quotation from President Bru-not, please read the following from Vice-Presi-dent E. B. Graham:Š "If the opponents of the Bible do not like our Government and its Christian features, let them go to some wild, desolate land; and . . . stay there till they die." And the following from the Christian States-man:Š "Enforce upon all that come among us the laws of Christian morality." Now if it be right for a Government to so persistently enforce upon all, the laws of Chris-tian morality, that the refusal. to submit can only result in perpetual banishment to some wild, desolate land, then we should like to know bow Mr. Brunot's proposition can be true? But Pres'ident Brunot's proposition is true. There-fore it is perfectly clear that the aim of Vice-President Graham, the Christian Statesman, and the whole National Reform movement, is but to cause the State and the Christian religion to do what cannot rightly be done. What Do They Mean? SAYS Rev. M. A. Gault, in his "Clashing Voices," Statesman, September 9, 1886:Š " It is outside the province of human Govern-ment to supervise the thoughts and opinions of any one. But it is the duty of Government to supervise the morals of the people, as far as their outward acts are concerned . . . This movement is prompted by love to humanity, laboring to persuade the Government to adopt God's perfect system of morals." Does Mr. Gault mean to say that God's perfect system of morals only takes supervision of the outward acts? Such is the real logic of his argument. Here is his major premise: It is the duty of "the Government to adopt God's perfect system of morals." Here is his minor: "It is the duty of Government to supervise the morals of the people, as far as their outward acts are concerned." From these premises, the only conclusion is: Therefore "God's perfect system of morals" supervises the morals of the people 112e otin2eFiqa12 Sentii2el. OAKLAND, CAL., NOVEMBER, 1886. NoTE.ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of tin AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it, If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. IN the Christian Statesman of Oct. 7, Rev. Robert White presents an article on "Jesuitry in Politics;" but if anybody wants to see the perfection of Jesuitry in politics, just let him watch closely the National Reform movement and its methods. PROFESSOR MCALLISTER, the Treasurer of the National Reform Association, in a late financial appeal in behalf of National Reform, says that National Reform lecturers " are listened to by large numbers and with deeper interest than ever before." WE have obtained some particulars of the trial of those men in Arkansas for working on Sunday. We regret that we have not space to give them in this paper; but we received them so late that we are compelled to lay the matter over till our next issue, when we promise to give our readers some specimens of Arkansas justice.  THE North Ohio Methodist Episcopal Confer-ence lately held at Canal Dover, unanimously requested the Bishop to appoint Rev. J. P. Mills to the work of " District Secretary of the Na-tional Reform Association." The Bishop, Malla-lieu, made the appointment, and shook hands with Mr. Mills, wishing him " abundant success" in his new work. THE Catholic Church in the United States has learned to talk of the union of Church and State as an "unholy union." Whether the Catholics have learned this trick from the Na-tional Reform party, or whether the National Reform party has learned it from the Catholics, we shall not take upon ourselves to precisely decide; but this we know that the expression comes with equal grace from both classes. RMS. SINGLE COPY, per year, 50 cents. To foreign countries, single subscriptions, post- Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro Street, Oakland, Cal. 