266 AMERICAN SENTINEL. this heresy we are belabored and denounced by public proclamation, in this age of the world by a supreme civil magistrate. "As to our 'marriages by justices of the peace' in New Hampshire unenlightened rural communities, I merely remark that such marriages are legitimate and legal under the laws of New Hampshire. If there has ever been in the dreadful 'rural communities' of New Hampshire a 'burial without the benison in the name of Christ,' possibly it was because the friends of the dead were too poor to pay the minister, or perhaps it was a case of small-pox." Leave religion, as General Grant said, to the church, the home, and the denominational school. These agen-cies are ample to provide for the religious interests of any community; and if they were not, the matter could not be helped by an intrusion of the civil authority. The civil power never helped religion, but always hindered it, by intruding into its sphere. The civil authority can furnish the true religion with nothing for which the latter has any possible use. A Western Governor on "Expansion." DEMANDS RETURN OF MEN. Governor Lee, of South Dakota, Sends President McKinley a Warm Letter. Associated Press Telegram in "Kansas City Times," April 1l, 1899. PIERRE, S. D., Apri113.ŠGovernor Lee has written to President McKinley, demanding the return of the South Dakota volunteers from the Philippines. He recites the facts of enlistment to fight for humanity against Spain, declares that "the South Dakota volun-teers have fulfilled every obligation which they owe to their country and its flag," and should be allowed to return home. He says: "We view their present or future detention as unconstitutional and a violation of the law which called the organization into being, and feel sure they will not be retained against their will, against the law and against the moral sense of the people of our State without offering some subject reason for so doing." He declares the present course "repugnant to the fundamental principles of this Government, a violation of the Declaration of Independence, a repudiation of the theory upon which we engaged in the war with Spain, and utterly inconsistent with your excellency's splendid announcement respecting the policy to be pursued to-ward Cuba." He says the people are "unable to countenance the present attempt of this Government to enforce title with bayonets to a nation of brown men purchased from a disgraced and vanquished despot and regard the further sacrifice of our soldiers, in a conflict waged against lib-erty and in the interest of exploiting capitalism, as to-tally incompatible with the spirit of our institutions." Repartee! Emma D. Dunham, in "The Ram's Horn." SHE tripped along a wooded path, A maiden, young and gay; Quite free from any self-reproach, She hummed a roundelay. A little boy comes running by, With heart that's just as light, A bird's nest held within his hand, With eggs of purest white. "You cruel, naughty boy!" she cried, And caught him by the sleeve; "How could you pain the mother bird? "How could you make her grieve?" "Now, Miss, to tell the honest truth,. I do not cause her pain. The nest the mother bird has left; She will not come again." "How do you know, you wicked boy, Why do you tell me that?" "BecauseŠbecauseŠ," the lad replied, "You've got her on your hat!" Making Business a God. A LONDON, Eng., religious journal, makes a note-worthy comment upon the attitude of some of the church people toward the Sunday paper innovation. It says:Š "The complaint against the Sunday newspapers, which are about to be issued, and to which we referred last week, grows in volume. One man writes the follow-ing pitiful letter to a religious journal:Š "`As a bookseller and a large newsagent, I feel it dif-ficult to know what to do. I know what Jesus would do, but I have to consider my businessŠmy only means of livelihood. What effect will these Sunday papers have on my business? I have had several applications to supply the papers, and if I am not prepared to send the Sunday edition, I am not to send it on the other days, my customer will get them where he can get his Sunday edition, the result to me is probably a great loss in busi-ness and possibly bankruptcy.' "`Again, I shall be debarred from work in the Sun-day-school. I shall be *liable to get to a place of wor-shipŠat least on Sunday mornings; I shall be compelled to keep my shop open and send out my paper boys with the papers, and thus my influence as a Sunday-school teacher is destroyed.' , "The present test is the best thing that could come to this man. He thinks he is a Christian, and working for the Lord, but his business is his god. He will follow where that calls him to go even against his conscience. Such a teacher can have no real influence for good, for acts speak louder than words. 'I know thy works, that thou hast a name that thou livest, and thou art dead.' God does not ask men to honor Sunday. 'The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord,' but those who do not 