"Yang man hear ing words; and believe not 'judge him not"-r.Jesus Christ: VOLUME 15. CHICAGO, MAY 24, 1900. NUMBER 20.   General Conference THE SENBulleti X LIBERTY (Continuing American Sentinel) Published weekly at 324 Dearborn Street, Chicago, Illinois, by the INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION Subscription price, $1.00 L. A.. SMITH, Editors C. P. 13OLLNIA.N, Liberty is not a luxury; it is a necessity. No strength from union can be gathered in a union of church and state. <—4 The only proper basis of civil legislation is the de- mands of civil justice. .4 .4 As there is no religion apart from a church, so there can be no union of religion and the state apart from a union of church and state. All the world has no more right to deprive a single individual of any natural right than a single individual would have to deprive all the world of such a right. .4 .4 If the state ought not to oppose any religion, it ought not to help any religion; for the various reli-gions of the land being opposed to each other, the state cannot help one without opposing another. Majority rule in religion is not for the good of the majority. In religion, the indorsement of the majority affords no guaranty of truth ; and without such a guar-anty, religion is worthless, and its enforcement upon any person becomes an outrage. In religion, the state, like the individual, will natur-ally be guided by the church. Hence union of the state with religion, or a religious state, means church rule in state affairs. The same principle which would justify the state in enforcing the true religion, would justify it in enforc-ing a false religion, since the state is not infallible, nor its laws and standards unchangeable, and it has the same right to enforce a religion at one time as at an-other. .4 .4 If the state has a right to bind the conscience of an individual, it has also a right to loose the individual conscience and substitute its own standard of right and wrong in the place of any and every other standard. But the state cannot be a saviour to any person, nor afford justification for any before the bar of God. Human Statute vs. Divine Law. Strictly speaking "statute" is not a synonym of "law." A statute is an authoritatively declared rule, ordinance, or decree. Law is the superior standard of justice; and whether recognized or not, exists in the very nature of things. Blackstone states this principle as follows : "This will of his [man's] Maker is called the law of nature. * * * This law of nature, being coeval with man-kind, and dictated by God himself, is, of course, supe-rior in obligation to any other. * * * No human laws are of any validity if contrary fo this." Upon the truth of this principle rests the doctrine of God-given, inalienable rights. Human statutes can neither give nor take away rights. They can only, on the one hand, recognize such rights and guarantee their free exercise ; or, on the other hand, deny them and abridge their exercise. No law is of any real value that does not appeal to the conscience : but this, stat- 