AMERICAN SENTINEL. 605 A CORRESPONDENT who notes what was said recently in the SENTINEL on the subject of Christians mixing in politics, writes us that while he still has use for the SEN-TINEL, he thinks we are "away off on the voting ques-tion." To shoW us that we are "off" on this point, he asks-what would become of the country if all the Chris-tians in it should abstain from voting. Then he answers the question by saying that "our beloved United States would be run by his Satanic majesty's subjects," while "we" (Christians) would "stand by and look on," etc. WHAT would happen if all Christians in the country should abstain from voting, and exert all their influence as Christians for the uplifting of the standard of moral-ity and truth among those about them? What would become of the country then? That is the real question. If Christians are to be Christians only in name, they might as well vote and identify themselves with politics in every way. If their Christianity is only of a negative kindŠthat of abstaining from politicsŠit will be of no benefit to the country, of course. Bum Christianity is a positive thing, and every true Christian is a positive force for good in the neighborŁ hood where he resides. He is a positive force in the di-rection of public peace, honesty, good will toward one another, industry, regard for one another's rights, and all those conditions which make a community happy and prosperous. This is the way in which Christianity benefits the country. And if all the people in the country who believe in ChristianityŠall who profess it and claim to be ChristianŠwould in word and deed practice the virtues of Christianity,Šif they would let their light shine before men in good works, as they are Scripturally en-joined to doŠthe question, Where is the country going to? would never be raised on account of their abstaining from politics. Wherever the country might be going to, it would be toward a brighter goal than would be possi-ble were they to adopt the maxims and principles of the world and vote for the very best candidate that could possibly be put up. * * * CHRISTIANS are the "salt of the earth." So the Script-ure declares. But how? By their votes? No; but "Let your light so shine before men ,that they may see  your good works and glorify your Father which is in heaven." Some people seerer to think that, the value of Christians as regards the welfare of the state is measured by their vote. By their vote Christians make themselves valuable to the politicians; but it is yet to be proved that their votes do any more for the good of the state than do those of publicans and sinners. * WITHOUT these votes, he says, the country would be "run by his Satanic majesty's subjects." Well, how is it run with these votes? Is the Government of this coun-try run by Christians? At the present time the Republi-can party is in power in the Government. Is the Re-publican political party a Christian party? Are all the principles which that party maintainsŠthe principle of "high license" for instanceŠChristian principles? If this be a Christian party, what need have Christians of any other party, and why do not all Christians vote for it? Not all Christians do vote for it; that is plain. Many good church members denounce it, say that it is very corrupt, and that we need a new party, which will put down the unrighteous traffic in drink, and correct other national evils which are crying for reform. So these peo-ple, have put other parties in the field; and the number of political parties, sent forth on missions of reform, be-cause the two leading parties are too corrupt to promote reforms, is continually increasing. A FEW years ago the Democratic party was in power. Is this also a Christian party, and were Christians run-ning the Government then? Are there two antagonistic Christian parties in the nation? The Government back at that time was very much as it is to-day, so far as Christian principles are concerned. It was as much a Christian Government then as it is now. Yet we think no one will seriously ask us to believe that either of these parties are truly Christian, either in their principles or in the people which compose them. The "gateway of poli-tics" is open as well to atheists and agnostics and all classes of world-lovers as to Christians, and must be so long as this remains a "government of the people, by the people, and for the people." THEN, since the country is not run by Christians now and has not been, by whom is it run? And since it is run by non-Christians, how much difference would there be in the running of it if the Christians should abstain from politics? Evidently, there would be no difference at all. But God's hand would still be in the affairs of men, con-trolling and shaping them for the good of his people and the glory of his name, as it has ever been since nations arose upon the earth. THE Russian. Minister of Education has issued an. 