66 THE AIVIERICAIT SENTINEL. laws dictated by bigotry, and their en-forcement, therefore, falls to the fanatics or the men of savage disposition. Hence, the execution of such laws is always much more harsh than the makers of the laws intend." It will be remembered that the " Pearl of Days," the official organ of the Amer-ican Sabbath Union, and Mr. Crafts him-self, heralded through the land the blessed fact that the Erie, and Pennsylvania rail-roads had largely reduced the Sunday traffic, especially in the matter *of freight trains, but now Mr. Crafts deposeth as follows :Š I am informed that the so-called reductions on the Erie were a sham, and that even the Pennsylvania's reductions, lasted in most cases, only a few months. He shows that it is the same way also with the Delaware, Lackawanna, and Western, and New York Central railroads. Again, it will be remembered how much was ana,de of President Harrison's order in respect to the Sunday parade of United States troops, and how that both the order and the offer were extolled. But now Mr. Crafts declares that What the President has done in regard to the soldier's Sabbath, like the other half-reforms I have referred to, is valuable only as a confession. His proclamation lacks the ring of right. He does not discontinue Sunday parades of United States troopS., nor Sunday concerts by Government bands, and only cuts off half the morning inspection. He has not bettered, but worsened, the situation, mak-ing two inspections instead of one, at which the soldiers are universally displeased. All their high hopes which were engen-dered by the accession of Mr. Wanamaker, the Sunday-school teacher, to the office of Postmaster General, have also been turned into a via doloroso, as witnesseth the following :Š I fear it was the same compromiser, disposed to please both bad and good, who stayed the hands of our Postmaster General in his Sabbath reforms, which also have proved nothing but a confession. We , who value the Sabbath, were generous in praise of the few trifling reductions of Sunday work in the mail service, not so much for what they were as for what they promised. But they proved only spring blossoms, and in the autumn we find instead of fruit only faded leaves. Think of John Wana-maker being superintendent of a nationrd Sunday school, with 75,000 class rooms, that is teaching the whole Nation not to keep, but to break, the Ten Commandments ! Yet in the midst of his lament he is able to raise a chirrup with which he at-tempts to inspire a buzz of a bee in Mr. Wanamaker's presidential bonnet. He announces that, in his judgment, " Mr. Wanamaker is the man of destiny, if he will only be himself," and the italics are again his own. He further declares that, "-If Mr. Wanamaker will defend himself against political metamorphosis," He will soon be seen to be the man who alone can combine and lead the two elements, without either of which any man must soon be defeated, the prohibi-tionists on the one hand and the labor reformers on the other. Our Presidents thus far have all been lawyers and generals. It is now the mer-chants' turn. Nationalism and Civil. Service Reform demand that the Government shall be administered like a great business. No public man is so capable  as he of taking under Government control the tele-graph, and express business, and postal savings banks, in all of which Mr. Wanamaker is under-stood to believe; and the Government control of railroads, of which his opinion is known, would certainly find in. him, when the people shall decree itŠand I believe they are nearly ready to write the decree on their ballotsŠthe man most suitable for such a responsibility. Thus it appears that the American Sab-bath Union with the Sunday-law move-ment, has attained the position where it can presume to hold out, as a reward for service, the chief office in the national Government. It is perfectly consistent, therefore, that Mr. Crafts should adopt, as his view, the recommendation of Dr. Arthur Little, who advocates " agitation, illumination, legislation, litigation, com-bination." The Sunday-law managers propose to form a combination of every element that they can secure, and then trade off with whatever political aspirant they can win, the offices in the State and Nation even to the presidency. And then when they have succeeded in securing the power for which they are so zealously laboring, the following quota-tion from number five, of Mr. Crafts's article, shows what they propose to do " for the improvement of Sabbath observ-ance " :Š A minister's little daughter who had been naughty, as he took her in hand, exclaimed earnestly : " Don't whip me, don't whip me; take me and pray with me." The liquor dealers also want the Ł parsons to stick to their praying. " Don't whip meŠpray for me." The minister in the story did both. Let ministers in " tending " to the larger offenders do likewise. But we shall not whip them if our only lash is not longer than our tongues. Nor will they be terrified by a tract. So by the Sunday-law movement, which is led by the preachers, they propose to secure power by which they can whip as well as pray, and it is to be clearly under-stood that they do not propose to do the whipping with their tongues nor with tracts. Jesus Christ never sent preachers to whip offenders, and when it is proposed to whip the people into Sunday observance, then it is high time that the people them-selves should see to it that such characters as these shall not secure the power to whip. It is certain that their prayers without the power to whip can do neither good nor harm to any one.. But when a preacher obtains the power of the civil law to whip offenders, then his prayers always deepen the deviltry in the whipping. It will be remembered, that a few weeks ago we printed words which Mr. Crafts had adopted from Lyman Abbott, to the effect that they purpose to " run up the Puritan flag, and emblazon on it the motto of a modern and-  modified Puritan-ism." The ancient and unmodified Puri-tanism likewise chose to whip offenders into the kingdom of God, as the following record shows :Š Mary Tompkins and Alice Ambrose came to Mas-sachusetts in 1662; landing at Dover, they began preaching at the inn, to which a nuniber of people resorted. Mr. Rayner, hearing the news, hurried  to the spot, and in. much irritation asked them what they were doing there ? This led to an argument about the Trinity, and the authority of ministers, and at last the clergyman " in a rage flung away, calling to his people, at the window, to go from amongst them." Nothing was done act the moment, but toward winter the two came back from Maine, whither they had gone, and then Mr. Rayner saw his opportunity. He caused Richard Walden to prosecute them, and as the magistrate was ignorant of the technicalities of the law, the elder acted as clerk, and drew up for him the following warrant :Š To the constables of Dover, Hampton, Newberry, Lynn, Boston, Roxbury, and Dedham: Until the vagabond Quakers are carried out of this jurisdiction you are to give them sound whippings; you and every one of you are required in the King's Majesty's name to take these vagabond Quakers, Anne Coleman, Mary Tompkins and Alice Ambrose, and make them fast to the cart's tail, and to whip them upon their naked backs. Convey them from constable to constable until they are out of this jurisdiction, as you will answer at your peril; and this shall be your warrant. At Dover, December 22, 1662. Per me, RICHARD WALDEN. The Rev. John Rayner pronounced judgment of death by flogging, for the weather was bitter, the distance to be walked was eighty miles, and the lashes were given with a whip, whose three twisted knotted thongs cut to the bone. So in a very cloudy day, your deputy, Walden, caused these women to be stripp'd naked from the middle upward, and tyed to a cart, and after a while cruelly whipp'd them, whilst the priest stood and looked, and laughed at it. . . . They went to the executioner to Hampton, and through dirt and snow at Salisbury, half way the leg deep, the con-stable forced them after the cart's tail at which he whipp'd them. Had the Rev. John Rayner followed the cart to see that his three hundred and thirty lashes were all given with the same ferocity which warmed his heart to mirth at Dover, before his journey's end he would certainly have joyed in giving thanks to God over the women's gory corpses, freezing amid the snow. His negligence saved their lives, for when the ghastly pilgrims passed through Salisbury, the people, to their eternal honor, set the captives free. Š Emancipation of Massachusetts, pages 155, 156. Whether the whipping of the " modern and modified Puritanism," would be any less severe, or any less amusing to the preachers, than was the ancient and un-modified, is a question the American peo-ple ought to consider while there is yet time. A. T. J. Morality in the Public Schools. UPON the question as to whether mo-rality should be taught in the public schools, we would suggest that it would be well for those who demand it, to agree upon what morality really is, what is its basis, and what are its sanctions. If this should not be clearly discerned and taught, even granting that it is the province of the State to teach morality, it is certain that the teaching would be no better than that which is now given in the public Ł schools, and the probabilities are, that it would be much worse. It is also certain that those who favor the teaching of moral-ity in the public schools cannot agree upon what morality is, nor upon what are the grounds of moral responsibility. This question was studied " thoroughly and practically " for four years by the Evangelical Ministers' Association of Boston. In 1882 an able committee of that body, composed of representative men of all 