MARCH 16, 1893. Amib..ktacA.N.  snNIMINET.-4 87 AMERICAN WATCH AND CHAIN.  PRICE, $11.50.   DUST-PROOF COLD-PLATED CASE. American Lever Movement, Patent Escapement and Regulator, Patent Winding and Setting Attachment Requiring no Key, 240 Beats to Minute; Hour, Minute, and Second Hands. THE CHEAPEST GENUINE AMERICAN WATCH EVER SOLD. Timed, Tested, and Regulated. EVERY WATCH GUARANTEED. The case is strong and tight, of solid composition metal used the world over as a substitute for gold, with an Elegant Gold-plated Chain and Charm. Packed in a neat box and mailed to any address for $1.50 each; 3 for $4.00 by express; one dozen for $15.00 by express. FULLY GUARANTEED TO KEEP ACCURATE TIME. It is fully as durable as the most expensive watch, and with fair usage will keep good time for TEN YEARS. This watch is being manufactured in lots of 100,000 at the rate of 1,000 PER DAY by the largest watch manu-facturing concern in the world. This constitutes the sole reason for its low price. It is a practical illustration of what may be done in this country by machinery and skilled operators when an article can be sold in large quan-tities. Its parts are not made by hand by "Pauper European labor" as are most of the cheap watches now sold, which never run long and can never be repaired. Automatic machinery does everything in this waten, and every part is as true as a die can make it. The movement is the same as in all American watches, and is reacily under-stood and repaired by any jeweler. Every Watch Timed, Tested, and Regulated before leaving our hands, and carefully packed with chain. A Few Testimonials for You to Read. We Have Them From Every State. WEBB CITY, Jan. 9, 1893. GENTLEMEN: I am much pleased with the Watch you sent me, and I will say it keeps right up on time. It has not varied any as yet. Most truly yours, DR. ANDERSON. CATO, Mass., Jan. 6, 1893. GENTLEMEN : I take pleasure in saying the Watch you sent me gave perfect satisfaction. It is a good time. keeper and all you recommend it to be. You will be favored with an order from me soon. Yours truly, W. G. DONNELL. CALDWELL, Jan. 3, 1893. SIRS : I received your Watch and found it to be as represented in the Twentieth Century advertisement. It would be hard to improve on its time-keeping qualities. Yours truly, MOSES HINCHCLIFFE. Forte Wayne, Ind. R. H. Ingersoll & Bro., Room 44, 65 Cortlandt St., New YorkŠKind Sirs: It is a standing rule of mine when I see an admirable trait in any character, or a marked excellence in anything, to express appreciation either in public or in private. Taffy is better than epitaffy. Post-mortem praises do the dead no good. The corpse smells no flowers on its casket. Hence I want to say that I am delighted with your WatchŠa little gem. I keep it on my typewriter desk during week-days, right before my eyes, and it keeps splendid time; I then use it on my pulpit Lord's days. Faithfully yours, REV. STEPHEN A. NORTHROP. R. H. INGERSOLL & BRO., Sole Mfrs., Room 44, 65 Cortlandt St., New York. HEALTH FOODS. PURE CRACKERS AND BISCUITS, and Cereal Coffee MANUFACTURED BY THE BATTLE CREEK BAKERY COMPANY ESTABLISHED IN 1881. WE manufacture a choice line of these goods, entirely free from lard and all adulterations, at the following prices:Š "A" Fruit Biscuits, white flour, - sweetened, per lb. 15c whole wheat flour,.. " " " .....15c Fruit Crackers, not sweetened,.... " " .....15c Lemon Cream Biscuits, " .....12c Oat Meal64  Ł Ł ŁŁ Ł Ł " " .....12c "A" Graham Crackers, slightly sweetened " " .....10c "B"not sweetened.. " " ...10c "D" Graham Cracker, (water crackers for dys-pepticsit  Ł Ł ...10C "A" Oat Meal " slightly sweetened " " .....10c Ł,B11 46 44 4, not sweetened..... tt 46  .....10c Whole Wheat Crackers, ...10e White very palatable, ... " " Carbon _150 Gluten Cereola, a prepared grain food, in bulk, ... " " .....10c (The same as formerly advertised under the name "Granola.") Pure Gluten, in bulk, ....per lb ......40c Wheat " 44 44 " 6 4 6 .....200 Cereal Coffee, prepared from grains only, a very  choice and healthful drink, in one and a half lb. packages (Once used, never again refused) 25c Goods to the value of eight dollars, will be sent on the re-ceipt of six dollars, being 25 per cent discount We are now prepared to supply in large quantities the small, round Butter Crackers, purely butter shortened, and dealers wishing to handle such will do well to write us for prices, stat-ing how many barrels they wish to purchase, etc. The pr;ce per barrel of about 50 lbs. is seven and one half cents per lb. C Teola and Gluten are prepared foods, thoroughly cooked and ready for use by the addition of some fluid, as milk and cream, fruit juice or water, as best agrees with the individual. Cereola is a universal Health Food, and is calculated for use  both in sickness and health. In ordering, please remember that the rate of freight on 25 lbs. will be the same as on 100 lbs. Remit by Bank Draft, Money Order, Express Order, or Postal Note. No private checks accepted. During the month of November last we have added new and improved machinery to our plant and otherwise increased our manufacturing facilities. Therefore, with these superior ad-vantages, we promise the consumers of Health Foods a nicer and more palatable article in this line than has ever before been produced. Write us for special rates on large lots. REFERENCES. To whom it may concern: We, the undersigned, residents of Battle Creek, Mich., take pleasure in stating that Mr. Joseph Smith, manager of the Health Food Department of the Battle Creek Bakery Co., has resided in Battle Creek for nearly 20 years, and is a competent and responsible man, and of long experience in his line of busi-ness, and one whose goods we can heartily recommend to the public. URIAH SMITH, Editor Review and Herald. HON. W. C. GAGE, Ex-Mayor. J. B. KRUG, of Krug's Business College. THOMAS H. BRIGGS, M. D. HON. GEORGE WILLARD, Pub. Journal. S. S. FRENCH, M. D. R. T. KINGMAN, Vice-President City Bank. M. RORABACHER, M. D. HON. W. H. MASON, postmaster. HON. J. W. BAILEY, Ex-Mayor. T. E. &inns, M. D. FOUND AT LAST! A POCKET SPELLER, DICTION- ARY, AND MEMORANDUM BOOK COMBINED. It gives the right orthography of all words (over 22,800) in common use, and in nearly every instance their definition. It also gives rules for the use of capitals and punctuation marks, abbreviations of names of States and Territories, letters of intro-duction and recommendation, definitions Of commercial terms, forms of notes, due bills, receipts, letters of credit, orders for money, merchandise and goods stored, principal holidays, marriage anni-versaries, combination of shades, and carefully selected laws of etiquette in social and business life, also a silicate slate for memoran- da. This Speller gives the most complete list of words in com-mon use; it is a Speller, Dictionary, Handy Companion, and Memorandum Book combined; it is indexed; it prints all words pronounced alike but spelled differently, so they can be dis-tinguished at a glance; it shows where the letter e at the end of a word is to be dropped when adding ed or ing; it gives a com-plete list of the most practical business forms; it gives the laws of etiquette in social and business life; these rules alone are worth the price of the Speller. This Speller is bound in leather, is of convenient size to be carried in vest pocket, and its price brings it within the reach of all. American Russia leather, gilt edge, 50 cents. Sent post-paid to any address on receipt of price. Address Pacific Press Publishing Co., 43 Bond St., New York City. Abiding Sabbath And Lord's Day. BY ALONZO T. JONES. A pointed review of the $500 and $1,000 prize essays in support of the Christian Sabbath, so called. Those desiring some $1,000 reasons for keeping the first day of the week, will find them here. 173 pages, 20 cents. Pacific Press, 43 Bond St., New York City, Address, BATTLE CREEK BAKERY CO., Battle Creek, Mich. 