408 AMERICAN SENTINEL. PUBLIC opinion is an unstable thing. Only a few months ago, when President McKinley's predecessor was in office, the whole coutry gave a shout of approval over the message of the chief executive which threatened Great Britain in the matter of Venezuela, and declared that the "Monroe doctrine" must be upheld at all hazards. Now, the whole country signifies its approval of a national policy which is the opposite of that doctrine. While a few dissenting voices are heard, public sentiment as voiced by both press and pulpit strongly approves the idea of an American empire which shall extend to the very bor-ders of the Asiatic continent. But the Monroe doctrine forbids American conquest in the Old World as certainly as it forbids the extension of European conquest in the New. * * THE word of prophecy assures us that some things are soon to take place which have not as yet been strongly indicated in public sentiment. And now, in addition to that wordŠif any further evidence could be neededŠwe have this object lesson on the point of the great rapidity with which public sentiment may undergo a complete change. Events that cannot now be foreseen, but which may be very near, may contribute as powerfully to turn public sentiment into channels leading to the fulfillment of the prophetic word, as Dewey's victory at Manila did to turn such sentiment in favor of a world-wide American empire. * * THE political machinery necessary to the government of an empire is altogether different from that suited to a republic. The American people seem to want an Ameri-can empire do they also want a revolution in the Amer-- can system of government? France, with her foreign colonies, calls herself a republic; but in fact, as recent. events have shown, she is a military despotism; and France is the only colony-holding nation which is a re-public even in name. * * THE following resolution recognizing the dangerous. character of much that passes for patriotic teaching, was passed recently by the Women's Press Association of Michigan:Š "Recognizing that in the efforts to inculcate patriot-ism in the minds of our youth there is a danger that we may teach militarism, and in trying to incite to duty to country we shall induce a spirit of retaliation, therefore, "Resolved, That we will use our best efforts to teach the young that war is greatly to be deplored, even when a necessity; that mercy is compatible with justice, and that defense of the weak and oppressed should not arouse a spirit of revenge toward the oppressor." * * PRESS reports state that the State Prohibition party of Kansas have nominated Senator W. A. Peffer for governor, on a platform in which appears this declara- tion:Š "We regard civil government as an ordinance of God and recognize the Lord Jesus Christ as King of Kansas, and therefore believe that the administration of civil affairs should be in harmony with the law and in his spirit." IN making note of this the New York Sun observes that these Prohibitionists are "violating the spirit of the Constitution, and presenting a totally false theory of the relation between religion and civil government in the United States. This same platform 'claims for all persons of legal age and requisite qualification, regardless of race or sex, the right of a free ballot;' and yet if the Kansas Populists carry out the theory set forth in their politico-religious resolution they must hold that no atheist or agnostic or disbeliever in the divinity of Christ should be allowed to vote; and so they would restrict instead of en-larging the right to vote." NOTHING but inconsistency, injustice, and hypocrisy can come out of the effort to join Christianity with the,  State. The Prohibition party make a fatal mistake when they put this into their program of work. * * * THE attitude of the Prohibition party towards Sun-day observance in many places leads a journal of this city to remark that "ft is sometimes hard to tell whether the Prohibition party seeks to suppress liquor because it is an evil or because saloons violate the Sunday law." The Prohibition party would gain immensely by a change of attitude in this respect. * * Tins change in -public sentiment is a very significant Ł fact, and one worth bearing in mind. It admonishes us that we may be greatly mistaken in counting on the sta-bility of public opinion, even for a short period of time. Men say that this or that thing can never happen be-cause public sentiment is strongly against it; but the fact affords no real evidence in support of such a conclusion. The only sure evidence of what is to be expected in the developments of the future, is found in the statements of inspired prophecy. Those statements are the guide of the Christian, and by their light he is saved from the fatal blunders of those who try to forecast the future by means of the finite resources of the human mind. 