AMERICAN SENTINEL. 779 The Prospective Burden of Militarism. A NEW YORK daily gives the following figures and observations on the subject of the prospective increase of the military forces of the United States:Š "A Republican contemporary offers the sage observ-ation: 'A standing army of 100,000 men will mean one soldier to 750 inhabitants. That can scarcely be deemed a crushing load of militarism.' "No; if the load of militarism wt re borne by having the one soldier stand on the heads of the 750 inhabit-ants. It happens, however, that the pressure of the load is financial. An expenditure of $166,000,000 a year for a standing army, according to Secretary Alger's propo-sition, means a tax of about $11 on every family in the United States. "Ask the hod-carrier who supports his wife and six children on $1.25 a day how he likes that. "And a total expenditure of $366,000,000 a year for military purposesŠarmy, navy, and pensionsŠmeans a tax of $24.40 on every family in the United States. "Ask the hod-carrier how he likes that." And the hod-carrier is not the only American who will not like it. Volcanic Europe. "Cleveland Press." ONE cannon shot, fired in hostility, would almost cer-tainli,  set Europe in a blaze of war. Of the powers among which the continent is di-vided, most of those of importance are close to the verge of a conflict over some internal, continental, colonial, or foreign question. The others have either just been beaten at war, are too poor to afford a quarrel of greater proportions than civil riot, or else are either so small as to be beneath notice, or so closely allied to one of the great nations as to have their quarrels swallowed up in those of their allies or masters. In France is the most serious aspect. That uncer-tain republic is beset by anarchistic mobs, endangered by a corrupt and scheming army, threatened by plotting royalists who hope to regain supremacy, browbeaten by England, and overawed by Germany. England has no serious internal or colonial difficul-ties, but she is not many steps from trouble with France over Fashodia, or with Russia over the multifarious Chinese question. Germany, aside from her old quarrel with France, has further reason for keeping her fleet in sailing shape and her army in marching order in the new troubles that beset France, and which threaten in several ways to draw the kaiser into the quarrel. Russia's ruler, although he has formally invited all the other nations to join him in a peace conference, has not ceased to equip his armies and to improve his fleets, while he yields no jot of anything he has, nor to any of the claims made by England. He has also, according to  late advices, found cause for anger in the friendly-  atti-tude of Germany towards England. He evidently resents any action along the lines of his peace proposition which does not include Russia as a beneficiary. Italy would probably be on the verge of war with some nation larger than little Colombia, were it not that her poverty is too great. As it is, she must content her-self with an occasional riot, of little present magnitude, but important as an indication of existing civil condi-tions. Spain is more interested in efforts to escape from some of the results of her last disastrous adventure in war than in seeking fresh troubles abroad; but her Carl-ists and otherinsurrectionists are threatening revolution which may not only overthrow that government, but drag into the conflict half a dozen other powers. In addition to these national troubles, the huge in-ternational pest of anarchism threatens to take advan-tage of the prevailing unsettled conditions to actively develop itself. Every monarch or president in Europe fears more than ever for his personal safety; every one finds hope or fear in frequent speculation as to the develop-ments that would follow the assassination or overthrow of a brother ruler, the possibilities of disruption or re-organization of the fallen ruler's nation, and the advan-tages or disadvantages that might result to himself thereby. And it is safe to say that a large part of the constant military vigilance of European nations is for the purpose of developing or resisting any favorable or unfavorable conditions which might arise as the result of anarchy. Nearly all of the European nations have consented to send representatives to the disarmament congress proposed by the czar; but it is nevertheless probable that there will not be even a temporary suspension in the work of enlarging and equipping the armies and in increasing and strengthening the navies. The indica-tions are stronger than ever that the great European war that has so long been prophesied, may yet thunder a terrible farewell to the old century and greet the new one with a crimson baptism. -4 FROM far off Nevada we have just received a list of eleven names,Šten for one year, and one for six months, Šaccompanied with $10.50, full price for each subscrip-tion. "Please send me a few sample copies. I may send you more soon," is the way he finished his letter. This, dear reader, reveals the true missionary spirit. Does it touch a chord in your heart? What are you doing? Time is fast passing. IN 1851 there were only 17 monasteries and 53 con-vents in England and Wales; now, according to statis-tics, there are 243 religious houses for men and 493 for women. 