Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas 7eferson. VOLUME 4. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, MAY 15, 1889. NUMBER 16. Tir An2eFicaq geOir2el. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 Boxo Si., NEW Yonx; 18 POST ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.; 12TH & CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. EDITORS, J. WAGGONER, ALONZO T. JONES. THE Christian Nation of March 6 says that the Methodist Church has officially declared that license is a sin. Now, we have respect for the Methodist Church as a church; but we seriously doubt its prerogative to officially declare what is or what is not sin. HERRICK JOHNSON invokes the breath of the Puritan on the Sunday question. The National Reformers take up the strain ; and M. A. Gault wishes that " it would rain Puritanism over this land for six months." We sincerely pity the rest of the people, though, when either Herrick John-son, or Mr. Gault shall receive the answer to his wish. THE St. Louis Christian Advocate says that "the Committee of State Legislature at Jefferson City reported a substitute for the bill, that has been some time before the house, which is the most stringent in form and far-reaching in effect of any that has yet been presented. It refers to the licensing to sell intoxicating liquors. Under its provisions—license in St. Louis will be $2,000, and no person can keep a dram-shop who is a gambler, pugilist, or associate of lewd or disrepu-table persons, or who has ever been convicted of a felony, is of intemperate habits, or has been twice convicted of violating liquor laws." From this it appears that the business of selling whisky is to be made the most respectable busi-ness in the State. If that bill passes, a man will need no other certificate of his right to min-gle with the best society, than a liquor license. THE following item is clipped from the Detroit Free Press of April 5 :Š " The Trades Council held its regular meeting last evening. The Blair Educational and Sunday bills were discussed in their bearing upon the labor question. Sam Goldwater said that he wanted his children to go to school and learn to love humanity, but that he ob-jected to having them forced to study and believe any particular religious doctrine that might be selected by some one authority. Mr. Miller said that he believed in protesting not only against the Blair bills, but against most of the bills emanating from the United States Senate." This is another blow to the oft-repeated claim of the Sunday-law agitators, that all the working- men are clamoring for Sunday laws and religious  legislation in general ; yet we have no idea that they will retract a single statement. The fact is that if it were not for the Woman's Christian Temperance Union leaders, and a few ministers, nothing would be heard of the needs of Sunday laws to protect the laboring classes. But the more that the laboring classes protest against such laws the more these people clamor, so that in the midst of the din it may be thought that the workingmen are clamoring too, instead of protesting. An Open Letter. To the Rev. J. H. Knowles, Secretary American /Sabbath UnionŠ DEAR SIR : In your Monthly Document, ed-ited by yourself, you Lave chosen to charge me with insincerity; and you have also done your best to make it appear that I "admit all that the friends of the Sunday-Rest law generally claim,Šthe right of the Government to make Sunday laws for the public good." You have garbled extracts from the report of my speech before the Senate Committee on the Sunday law, and then have italicized certain words and sentences in one passage to make it appear that I admit the right of the Government to make Sunday laws for the public good. You have quoted from my speech the follow-ing words in the following way :Š "Whenever any civil Government attempts to en-force anything in regard to any one of the first four commandments it invades the prerogative of God, and is to be disobeyed (I do not say resisted, but diso-beyed). . . . The State in its legislation can never legislate properly in regard to any man's religious faith, or in relation to anything in the first four com-mandments of the decalogue; but if in the exercise of his religious convictions under the first four command-ments he invades the rights of his neighbor, then the civil' Government says that is unlawful. Why? because it is irreligious or because it is immoral ?ŠNot at all; but be-cause it is uncivil, and for that reason only. (Italics ours. ŠED.) " It is in the italicizing of these words that your effort is made to make me admit what I contin-ually and consistently denied before the commit-tee, and do deny everywhere else. You have in-serted in the above quotation three periods, indicating that a portion has been left out; and you know full well, sir (you must know or you could not have left it out), that in the portion which is there left out there is the following :Š " The ChairmanŠ' You oppose all the Sunday laws of the country, then ? ' "Mr. JonesŠ' Yes, sir.' "The ChairmanŠ' You are against all Sunday laws ? ' " Mr. JonesŠ' Yes, sir ; we are against every Sunday law that was ever made in this world, from the first enacted by Constantine to this one now proposed.' "The ChairmanŠ' State and National alike ? ' "Mr. JonesŠ' State and National, sir." Not only were these words there, but in that portion which you have printed, following the italicized words, you yourself have printed my plain denial of the right of any nine hundred and ninety-nine people out of a thousand to compel the thousandth man to rest on the day on which the majority rest, in the following form :Š " Senator BlairŠ' The majority has a right to rule in what pertains to the regulation of society, and if Ccesar regulates society, then the majority has the right in this country to say what shall be rendered to Cesar.' "Mr. JonesŠ' If nine hundred and ninety-nine peo-ple out of every thousand in the United States kept the seventh day, that is Saturday, and I deemed it my choice and right to keep Sunday, I would insist on it, and they would have no right to compel me to rest on Saturday.' "Senator BlairŠ' In other words, you take the ground that for the good of society, irrespective of the religious aspect of the question, society may not re-quire abstinence from labor on the Sabbath if it dis-turbs others ?' "Mr. JonesŠ' No, sir.' "Senator BlairŠ' You are logical all the way through that there shall be no Sabbath.' " The last expression of mine, saying, " No, sir," is in accord, and was intended when spoken to be in accord, with Senator Blair's inquiry, whether society may not require abstinence from labor on the Sabbath. My answer there means, and when it was spoken it was intended to mean, that so-ciety may not do so. As to its disturbing others, I had just before proved that the common occu-pations of men who choose to work on Sunday do not disturb, and cannot disturb, the rest of the man who chooses to rest that day. Again: A little further along you print another passage, in which are the following words :Š " Senator BlairŠ' You would abolish any Sabbath in human practice which shall be in the form of law, unless the individual here and there sees fit to ob-serve it ?' "Mr. JonesŠ' Certainly ; that is a matter between man and his God." Now, sir, I should like for you, in a Monthly Document, or by some other means, to show how, by any fair means, or by any sincere purpose, you can, even by the use of italics, make me in that speech admit the right of the Government to make Sunday laws for the public good. You know, sir, that in that speech I distinctly stated that any human laws for the enforcement of the Sabbath, instead- of being "for the good of society, are for the ruin of society." Again : You know, for you printed it in your Monthly Document, that Senator Blair said to me: "You are logical all the way through that there shall be no Sabbath." You know that in another place he said again to me : " You are en-tirely logical, because you say there should be no Sunday legislation by State or Nation either." Now, sir, I repeat, You have charged me with in 