IS THE PAPACY IN PROPHECY? BY THE Rev. Thomas W. Haskins, M. A., Rector Christ Church, Los Angeles, Cal. The above is the title of a treatise written by the author, at the request of the Ministerial Union of Los Angeles, California. It grew out of a discussion upon the present aspect and aims of The Roman Catholic Church in the United States, the author taking the ground that the rise, progress, present and future condition of the temporal power known as the Papacy, or Vaticanism, Is Outlined in the Prophecies of Holy Scriptures, with sufficient accuracy to determine what the " Papacy " is, and what is to be its future develop-ment and ultimate end. Paper Covers, - - 25 Cents. Cloth Covers, - - - - 60 Cents. Mailed, post-paid, on receipt of price. OF THE CAT11.9flc,ASOURCH. History repeats itself, because human nature is the same in all ages of the world. Hence, he who would know HOW TO AYOID ERROR IN THE FUTURE must know how errors have developed in the past. The "Fathers of the Catholic Church" shows the condition of the heathen world at the time of Christ, briefly states the principles of ancient heathen philosophy, and shows how the adoption of these principles by prominent men in the Church, and the incautious lowering of the stand-ard of pure Christianity, developed the papacy, which was simply a new form of paganism. The chapter on SUN-WORSHIP AND SUNDAY is alone worth the price of the book. Fine English Cloth, Substantially Bound, CONTAINS ABOUT 400 PAGES, Will be Sent' Post-paid for $1.00 Address Pacific Press, 43 Bond Street, New York City. or Oakland, Cal. MAY 17, 1894. A.10/101ICA.N 159 word of God, and that is the power to convert men; so that this further dispersal will only scatter the light into regions unentered. Ecclesiastics depending upon numbers and ritual and earthly power never seem able to comprehend the fact that they cannot bind the word of God nor hinder the progress of the truth by penal legislation,ŠThe Present Truth. Ł Ł Ł  The True Reason. THE Supreme Court of the State of Mich-igan, U. S. A., has decided that a law compelling barbers' shops to be closed on Sunday is within the police power of the State. It holds that the best reason for maintaining the police power of the State to prohibit citizens from engaging in sec-ular work on Sunday, is that experience has shown that one day's rest in seven is necessary to the physical welfare of the individual." But the fact is that experience has shown nothing of the kind. -There have never been any better specimens of manhood, physically, than the ancient Greeks and Romans, who knew nothing of a weekly-recurring rest day. In a time when nations existed only by the power of the sword, and fighting was little more than an athletic contest, between the individual soldiers of two armies, the physical wel-fare of citizens was the chief concern of government; yet no pagan nation has ever known any such thing as a weekly rest day. That is sufficient to disprove the fallacy so widely spread, that the physical welfare of man is the chief object of the Sabbath rest. But, even suppose it were, why should the State interfere in the matter ? It is certain that regular nightly rest is far more necessary to one's physical welfare than a weekly rest, yet no nation thinks of enacting laws requiring that all the people shall sleep from 10 P. M. till 6 A. M., or from midnight till eight o'clock in the morning. If any legislative body in the world should presume to pass such a law there would be a general protest against such an arbitrary exercise of power. But no such law will ever be passed, because, although the securing of a suffi-cient amount of sleep every night is very essential to the health of the body, it has nothing to do with any system of religion; while Sunday laws are in the interest of religion. The claim that they are a phys-ical necessity is nothing but an excuse that has been devised in America to con-ceal the fact that Church and State are united there as well as in the Old World. ŠPresent Truth, London, Eng. Legislative Religion Is Not Christianity. WE deny, absolutely deny, the right of any civil power to legislate, directly or indirectly, regarding anything pertaining to religion, especially here in these United States. The majority may rule in civil things, but God alone should rule the hearts of men and the affairs concerning his worship. There has been more blood shed and crime caused by religiousŠnot Christian Šlaws and religious jealousies than from all other causes combined. The religion which cannot be sustained without the aid of civil law is not the reli-gion of Jesus, it is not Christianity.ŠOur Prison Light. RELIGIOUS LIBERTY LIBRARY. A monthly ,publication (with occasional extras) published by the International Religious Liberty Asso-ciation. The following have been issued:Š No. 1. DUE PROCESS OF LAW AND THE DIVINE RIGHT OF Drsstm. An interesting and instructive work upon the "Process of Law," "Christianity and the Common Law," "Individual Right of Religious Belief," "The Divine Right of Dissent," etc , in review of Judge Hammond's decision in the King case. By A. T. Jones. 120 pages. Price 15 cts. No. 2. RELIGIOUS INTOLERANCE IN THE REPUBLIC. A lucid and vivid portrayal of recent persecutions in Tennessee, written by the editor of the Arena. 16 pages. Price 2 cts. No. 3. CHURCH AND STATE. A timely document upon the origin of Church and State union with the arguments and excuses for Sunday laws, laws exempting Church property from taxation, laws against blasphemy, religious tests, eta , all well considered. By James T. Ringgold, of the Baltimore Bar. 60 pages. Price 10 cts. No. 4. THE NATIONAL SUNDAY Lew. Arguments in behalf of the rights of American citizens, presented by A. T. Jones in opposition to the Blair Sunday-rest Bill. A thorough catechism upon the subject of Church and State. 192 pages. Price 25 cts. No. 5. SUNDAY LAWS IN THE UNITED STATES. Their groundlessness and unconstitutionality exposed. By James T. Ringgold. 24 pages. Price 3 cts. No. 6. THE CAPTIVITY OF THE REPUBLIC. A Report of the Hearing on the Sunday Closing of the World's Fair, before the House Committee on Columbian Exposition, Jan. 10-13, 1893. 128 pages. Price 15 cts. No. 7. APPEAL AND REMONSTRANCE. Resolutions adopted by the General Conferenc of the Seventh-Day Adventists, Feb. 24, 1893, with documentary evidence attached. 24 pages. Price 3 cts. No. 8. APPEAL FROM THE U. S. SUPREME COURT DECISION MAKING THIS A ŁŁ CHRISTIAN NATION." A PROTEST. A review of the decision of the Supreme Court of the United States, de-claring that "this is a Christian nation;" a powerful protest against the union of Church and State involved in this deci-sion; also the subsequent act of Congress closing the World's Fair on Sunday, and how it was secured. The work contains the text, in full, of this remarkable decision of the U. S. Supreme Court. By A. T. Jones, Editor American Sentinel, New York City. 86 pages. Price 15 cts, No. 9. RELIGION BE TAUGHT IN THE PUBLIC SCHOOLS? A lucid exposition of both the unconstitutionality and imprac-ticability of connecting religion with our public school educa-tional system. 12 pages. Price 1% cts. No. 10. RELIGIOUS LIBERTY AND THE MORMON QUESTION. Is the Prohibition of Polygamy Religious Legislation ? 20 pp. Price 2% cts. No. 11. THE "CIVIL SABBATH;" OR DISGUISED RELIGIOUS LEGISLATION. Sabbath laws shown to be religious and only religious. 12 pages. Price 1% cts. No. 12. THE COLUMBIAN YEAR, AND THE MEANING OF THE FOUR CENTURIES. An address delivered by Alonzo T. Jones. on Columbus Day, 1892. Revised to date. 44 pages. Price cts. No. 13. THE LIMITS OF CIVIL AUTHORITY, from the stand-point of natural rights and divine obligation. 12 pages. Price 1% cts. No. 14. CHRIST AND THE SABBATH. A study of the spiritual nature of the Sabbath and what Sabbath-keeping really is, showing the impossibility of its enforcement by civil law. 44 pages. Price 6 cts. No. 15. ROME'S CHALLENGE: WHY Do PROTESTANTS KEEP SUNDAY ? A reprint of a series of articles which appeared recently in the Catholic Mirror, the official organ of the papacy in the United States, in which Protestants are sharply arraigned on account of the absurdity of their position with reference to the Sunday institution; -with copious notes, by A. T. Jones, Editor of the American Sentinel. 40 pages. Price 5 cts. No. 16. OUR ANSWER: V,/ HY Do SEVENTH-DAY ADVENTISTS SUFFER IMPRISONMENT RATHER THAN KEEP SUNDAY ? A brief, historical, scriptural presentation of the SabbathŠthe sign of loyalty to GodŠand SundayŠthe sign of loyalty to the Roman Catholic Church. "It should be translated into every language, and placed in the hands of every person on the earth."ŠA. T. Jones, Editor American Sentinel. No. 17. SCRIPTURAL RELATION OF RELIGION AND THE STATE. A scriptural presentation of the principles upon which the proper relation of religion and the Sta e is based, substantiated by facts of history. 80 pp. Price 10 cts. No. 18. CHRIST AND THE PHARISEES; OR, CHRIST'S FAITH-FULNESS IN SABBATH-REEPING. A striking parallel between the time of Christ and our day, showing that as Christ was persecuted and even put to death for his faithfulness in keep-ing the Sabbath according to God's idea, so in our day those who keep God's SabbathŠthe seventh dayŠare being and will continue to be persecuted for the same thing and for the same reasons. 40 pp. Price 5 cts. No. 19. PROTESTANTISM, TRUE AND FALSE. This work, by A. F. Ballenger, after stating clearly the fundamental princi-ples of true Protestantism, shows by incontrovertible evidence, that modern Protestantism has lafien away from these princi-ples. 32 pages. Price 4 cents. Annual subscriptions to the Library, $1.00. Liberal discounts On any of the numbers in quantities and to the trade. Order of PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Bond Street, New York City, Or Oakland, Cal. EUREKA HEALTH FLOUR Contains every particle of the Wheat Grain that is digestible by the human stomach. Very rich, sweet and nutritious. Mak, s the best of bread, gems and cakes. Invaluable for dyspeptics. all invalids, and growing children. Everyone likes it. Used by the largest sanitariums. SPECIAL OFFER.ŠOne barrel Eureka Health Flour for only $6.00. If not perfectly satisfactory return at my expense and get your money. Wholesale and retail dealers supplied. Agents wanted everywhere. Send stamp for particulars. F. W, BARTLE, Oxford, N. Y. No great railroad in America offers the advantages for summer travel and enjoyment equal to the WEST SHORE RAILROAD. Starting from New York (around which are clus-tered more pleasure resorts than any other city in the world), paralleling the grandest river on the continent, it traverses valleys celebrated in song and story, reaches many crystal lakes reposing like gems in their mountain settings, furnishes access by branches and connections to the magnificent forests of the Catskill and Adirondack Mountains terminating at the World's Wonder, Niagara Falls. 