-A-MJ°nICA-N S'ENTINRIL,3 VOL. 0, No. say, I have enough); and who are as death, that is, will never let go that which they have gained, and cannot be satisfied. He also describes on the other hand, those who are oppressed and robbed by these, and says: " Shall not all these take up a parable against him, and a taunting prov-erb against him, and say, Woe to him that increaseth that which is not his! how long ? . . . Shall they not rise up suddenly that shall bite thee, and awake that shall vex thee, and thou shalt be for booties unto them ?" HERE is a description of the very things that are going on. There is a cry against the rich that there must be a more equal distribution of the good things of this world. Already the cry has been often raised, How long shall this continue ? Already threats have been made, not se-cretly, but openly and loudly, not by the lowest of the rabble, but by men in high places, that the wealth that is so abundant and that is hoarded shall be made booty for those who have not. Booty is that which is taken away by violence, and in view of the looting that has occurred in the Chicago strikes, and other places in Illinois, this time seems to have begun. HERE, also, is the word of a man to that effect, who, to-day, is Secretary of State of one of the States of the Union, and was such when the statement was made :Š I want to make a reduction. It is that there will be no overt act until the next election, then simulta-neously with the returns, the flames will shoot up into the air from the Atlantic to the Pacific. And here is another, not by a man in any official position, but one who spoke for thousands:Š In Massachusetts the workingmen were browbeaten and not heard. If things go on in this way, and the rich and the lawmakers turn 'their backs upon the poor, refusing to listen to the workingmen, there will follow an epidemic of assassination. Bombs will be exploded, and all the devices known for taking off oppressors will be the fate of our delinquent legisla-tors and capitalists. In view of what has occurred within the present year in Europe, it would seem that there the epidemic of assassination has even already begun, and with such a stir-ring up as this in the United States, with what has already appeared, it would seem also that ,such things could not be far off here. AND the scripture which we are exam-ining continues to describe this very ele-ment : " Because thou hast spoiled many nations, all the remnant of the people shall spoil thee; because of men's blood, and for the violence of the land, of the city, and of all that dwell therein." Hab. 2: 8. If we have not now reached the time when there is violence in the city, and in the land, and amongst all that dwell therein, certainly things cannot go on much longer as they have been going since last Easter day, without bringing the country, and even the civilized world, positively to that condition. And the Lord said, more than once, As it was in the days of Noah, " so shall also the coming of the Son of man be." In the days of .Noah the earth was " filled with violence," and for these three months and more, continuously, violence has almost covered this land from ocean to ocean. AND the time when this should be is also made clear by the statement that it is among the "remnant of the people." The remnant of anything is the last portion of  it. The scripture speaks of the remnant of the church and the remnant of God's people, plainly referring to the last stage of the church and the last of God's people who should be upon the earth,Šthose who shall be delivered at the coming of the Lord. But here is the remnant, not of the church, nor of God's people, but the remnant of all the people, the remnant of the people of the earth, and that is just as clearly the last of the people that should be upon the earth. And these things which are being carried on before the eyes of all the people, this continual strife and violence that is being manifested through-out the land, and throughout the civilized world, this the scripture said would be in the time of "the remnant of the people." Therefore it is certain that the people that are now upon the earth are the remnant, the last of the people who shall be upon the earth. " The great day of the Lord is near, it is near, and hasteth greatly, even the voice of the day of the Lord." " The coming of the Lord draweth nigh." As He Is, So Are We In This World. CHRIST was the true light; he let his light shine through his life, his teachings and his works ; instance, John 5 : 2-9, the healing of the impotent man at the pool of Bethesda on the Sabbath. The Sabbath is the memorial of creative power. Ex. 20: 11. Christ used that same power in healing the sick; his course was in entire harmony with the spirit of the Sabbath of the Lord, but not with that of the Pharisai-cal Sabbath. Bearing burdens was violating one of the forty primary works forbidden of the Jews on their Sabbath. That day which God designed should be a blessing and a delight, Isa. 58: 13, the Pharisees had made almost unbearable by their heavy burdens and senseless exactions. They must not tread on green grass on the Sabbath, because that " crushed " some-thing; and numberless other things just as absurd must be avoided. The Jews were aware that their temple had been destroyed and they had been carried captives to Babylon because they had not kept the Sabbath. Lev. 26: 31-35; 2 Chron. 36 : 21. Now they were fearful of a like.calamity, and the least semblance of work could not be tolerated ; yet here was Jesus disregarding their plainest, most positive, rules of Sabbath-keeping; surely if they let him thus alone all men would believe on him; they would all be guilty of Sabbath breaking, and the Ro-mans would come and take away both their place and nation as Nebuchadnezzar had done before. John 11 : 48. Jesus kept God's holy Sabbath in God's way. The Sabbath was made for manŠto be a blessing to himŠand not man for the SabbathŠto be its slave. "' Therefore did the Jews persecute Jesus, and sought to slay him, because he had done these things on the Sabbath day." John 5 :16. Our Saviour answered them : " My Father worketh hitherto and I work." Verse 17. God had never with-drawn his power from operating through the laws of nature, to keep a single Sab-bath since the creation of the world. Should divine power, in the force of cohesion, rest from its work, the ultimate atoms of which every body is composed must fall apart; for by him all thins hold together (Col. 1:17, R. V., margin, and he is constantly " upholding all things by the word of his power." Heb. 1: 3. Should the law of gravitation, which is  the power of God, be suspended, what an awful chaos of all the worlds would instantaneously follow! The God of love works unceasingly, in numberless ways, great and small, that the Sabbath may be a season of holy joy and refreshing to tis. How important that we -understand the true purpose of Sabbath-keeping and that we keep the Sabbath in the way to receive the blessing God put into it. Gen. 2:3. The Pharisees had made the Sabbath as well as other commandments of none effect by their tradition. Matt. 15. Vain is all worship that is not of God's appoint-ment, verse 9; hence Jesus sought to re-store the true character of the Sabbath. Our Saviour's works not only witness to the unchangeable law of God, which is the light, Prov. 6 : 23, but the works of Christians must do the same. As Jesus let his light shine by his works so says he, " Let your light so shine before men that they may see your good works." Matt. 5:16. Christ kept his Father's commandments. John 15 : 10. And we are so to walk even as he walked. 1 John 2: 6. Those who had been with Christ in his earthly ministry and listened to his teach-ings did this. After he was laid in the tomb they rested the Sabbath day accord-ing to the commandment, and upon the first day of the week they were ready for work again. Luke 23 : 56; 24 : 1. Jesus, as his custom was, went into the syna-gogue on the Sabbath day and stood up for to read. Luke 4:16. Paul, as his manner was, went in unto them and three Sabbath days reasoned with them out of the Scriptures. Acts 17: 2. His manner was the same with both Jews and Gen-tiles. See Acts 13 :14, 42, 44. Wherever Sabbath-keeping is mentioned from Gene-sis to Revelation, every one of God's children keep the Sabbath of the fourth commandment. The last generation is no exception. See Rev. 14 :12. M. E. STEWARD. Ł Protestants' Confession to Rome's Challenge on Sunday Keeping. "FROm a child thou hast known the holy Scriptures, which are able to make thee wise unto salvation through faith which is in Christ Jesus. All Scripture is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteous-ness : that the man of God may be per-fect, thoroughly furnished unto all good works." 2 Tim. 3 :15-17. " To the law and to the testimony : if they speak not according to this word, it is because there is no light in them." Isa. 8: 20. The challenge of the Roman Catholic Church, from which I quote representative paragraphs, formed the four leading edit-orials which appeared in the Catholic Mirror of Baltimore, Md., September 2, 9, 16, and 23, 1893. The Catholic Mirror is the official organ of Cardinal Gibbons, who is at the head of the Catholic Church in this country. The challenge has since been printed in pamphlet form by the Catholic Mirror, and republished by the Religious Liberty Association and Pacific Press Publishing Company, and millions of copies have been circulated all over this country, in Europe, in South Africa, and Australia. The title and a few of the most striking paragraphs from the Mirror pamphlet, are as follows :Š " The Christian Sabbath, The Genuine Offspring of the Union of the Holy Spirit and the Catholic Church, 