374 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. now what hast thou to do in the way of Egypt, to drink the waters of Shiloh ? or what hast thou to do in the way of Assyria, to drink the waters of the river ?" The words also of Rabshakah bore witness to the same truth : "Now, behold; thou trusteth upon the staff of this bruised reed, even upon Egypt, on which if a man lean, it will go into his hand, and pierce it ; so is Pharaoh, king of Egypt, unto all who trust on him." God warned Israel again and again against these confederacies, but the people continued to think that alliances with the powers of the earth were the only sources of strength and safety. Instead of being a source of strength and safety, however, these al-liances dragged them down to unutterable ruin. Their kings became weaker and weaker; their power became less and less respected in the earth, until they finally went down captives into Babylon. Even there, God in his mercy visited them, and in his great kindness brought them forth to lead them back to Jerusalem once more. But they never regained their former power or place in the earth. Monarchy was still the form of government and it was unable to give them the respect among the nations of the earth that they had enjoyed in the old days under Moses, Joshua, the judges and Samuel. By and by Rome came and put the land of the Jews under trib-ute, and the chosen people were obliged to bow the neck to the proud rule of the iron monarchy of Italy. This was the condition of affairs when Christ came with healing in His wings. And there is no more interesting chapter in Jewish history than that of the Christ and the kingship. P. T. MAGAN. A State Cannot Be a Theocracy. That injustice to citizens and final governmental destruction arises from ecclesiastical assumption of power in the civil sphere, or vice versa, has been fully demonstrated in the history of the Roman govern-ment. In the fourth century the bishops of that time adopting the theory that the Roman government was, or could become, a theocracy, brought about a union of the church with the civil power, in order to receive support from the state in bringing the world to the religious faith held by themselves. In his History of the Christian Religion and Church, vol. 2, sec. 2, part I, Neander says of that time: "There had in fact arisen in the Church . . . a false theocratical theory, originating not in the es-sence of the gospel, but in the confusion of the relig-ious constituents of the Old and New Testaments, which . . . brought along with it an unchristian opposition of the spiritual to the secular power, and which might easily result in the formation of a sacer-dotal state, subordinating the secular to itself in a false and outward way. . . . This theocratical theory was already the prevailing one of the time of Constan-tine ; and . . . the bishops voluntarily made them- selves dependent upon him by their disputes, and by their determination to make use of the power of the State for the furtherance of their aims." It may be readily supposed that when a worldly church thus prostitutes itself to the civil power in or-der to accomplish its ends, the civil government will in turn, to secure the political influence of the church, yield to its demands, although it may be evident that the granting of such demands will lead to flagrant abuses. In this case, it is well known what followed. De-crees were issued by the emperor regulating the con-duct of all Roman subjects in matters of religious faith. Penalties so severe were attached to these edicts, that all feared to disobey who desired to pre-serve their lives. Hence, nearly all conformed to the decrees, even though at heart they were not in har-mony with them. Such a course made hypocrites, from whom were chosen the chief dignitaries of the church and empire. The result was that the bishops became more and more ambitious, bold, and un-scrupulous. But the government having bargained with the church for its influence, could not well with-draw from the compact, because the political influ-ence for which it had bargained had become the dom-inating one. To combat it, at that stage in the drama, meant the loss of the empire to the civil power, yet to let matters still go on was sure to bring the same result at some future time. As the rapidly-growing influence of the church in secular matters was a dangerous thing to oppose, it was allowed to strengthen year by year till the church clearly gained the ascendancy in political intrigue. In fact, the emperors, in order to maintain their author-ity, had themselves recognized as bishops of the church, in order to administer affairs of the church as well as those of the state. The result of all this was most naturalŠmen who desired some rich benefice became extremely servile before those from whom they ex-pected favors, and were ready to bestow upon their an-ticipated benefactors the most flattering titles. This in turn placed the suppliants where they were ready to be used as tools of the bishops to do the vilest work. Not only were appeals made to the bishops to set-tle religious controversies, but Rome being the first city in the empire, other bishops appealed to the bishop of Rome to arbitrate their differences. Then Constantine enacted a law "permitting judgment to be passed by the bishops when litigants preferred appeal-ing to them rather than to the secular courts. He enact-ed that their decree should be valid, and as far superior to that of other judges as if pronounced by the emperor himself ; that the governors and subordinate military officers should see to the execution of these decrees ; and that sentence when passed by them, should be ir- 