196 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Lord. And by the word of Christ it is to be rendered to the Lord. Neither the City Council nor any other human authority can have anything at all to do with it. It rests entirely between man and God. As it is the Lord's it is to be rendered only to the Lord according to the word of Christ, and if any man sees fit not to render it to God, he is responsible only to God for such action. (Applause.) Under the word of Christ the City Council has no right to do what they are requested to do, and these petitioners and ministers who argue in behalf of this ordinance have gone di-rectly against the word of Jesus Christ in asking the City Council of Bradford to enact the ordinance which is here pro-posed As they profess to be Christians, let them show respect to the Author of Christianity and let this thing alone, and leave men who are perfectly willing to render to Caesar that which is Caesar's, free to render to God the things that are God's. (Applause.) Time expired. Mr. McClure then spoke. It was im-possible to obtain a report of his speech, for which we are sorry, as it was a fine thing. He attacked the original law of 1794, and showed the nature of the law by stating the fact that till within three years before that, there was a law of Pennsyl-vania punishing witches with death, which showed it to be but a part of the original colonial and Puritanical legislation. He referred to the statement of the first speak-er, that if they had chosen to do what they could in prosecution and persecution they could have enforced the law of the State, and with a sarcasm that was scorch-ing, charitably granted that they wished to " abstain from all appearance of evil " in the matter, but were willing to have the same thing carried into effect in fact by kindly passing it over to the City Council, and the Mayor and aldermen of the city of Bradford. He dwelt 'strongly upon the fact that the proposed ordinance with its exemption-appendix did distinctly commit the Mayor and aldermen of the city of Bradford to the judgeship of relig-ious observances, and to the authoritative decision of religious questions. And fur-ther, a most excellent point was made by him to the effect that as the State law not only has no exemption in it, but the Su-preme Court has held that the observers of the seventh day could not be exempted under that law, therefore this proposed exemption was utterly worthless and void; and further, that the proposed ordinance ,as it stood was just what the petitioners had asked for, while this proposed exemp- tion was brought in afterward by the min- isters; that none of the petitioners had asked for it; it was without the consent or knowledge of the petitioners, and was thus proposed to be foisted upon the ordi-nance as a tail-piece, beyond the purpose, intent or knowledge of the petitioners, and utterly without any authority in law. Bo much of Mr. McClure's speech we  are able to reproduce in substance, but nothing short of a verbatim report could possibly do it justice, and even that would come far short because of its inability to reproduce the tone and the manner which were not the least powerful part of the splendid speech. The Methodist minister, Dr. Hunting-ton thrashed over again the well-beaten Sunday-law arguments, with which our readers are so well acquainted, such as that the States have Sunday laws, that they have been declared constitutional ; that the United States Constitution men-tions Sunday; pity for the poor enslaved workingman, etc., etc., and objected to the definitions which had been given of the material words of the proposed ordi-nance, saying that the dictionary was not the place to go for definitions in such cases, but the law books in the decisions of courts. Mr. McClure suggested to him that the courts had to go to the dictionary for their definitions; but the speaker seem-ingly did not hear it. With the close of Mr. Huntington's speech the hearing and the discussion ended. All passed off pleas-antly, and the audience was well pleased. The whole question was well set before the people of Bradford, and final action will probably be taken by the Council at its next regular meeting, Monday night, June 15. What that action shall prove to be we shall inform the readers of THE SENTINEL. A. T. J. The Martyrdom of To-day. THE Sun of June 2, contains the fol-lowing under the heading given above :Š Four Russian immigrants, who landed at the Barge Office yesterday from the steamship Suevia, told a startling story of persecution by the religious and civil authorities of the town of Karsoon, in the province Kiev. Three of the Russians are farmers. Their names are Ivan Jokofschenko, Stephen Terez-inkow, and Parferi Davidinkow Their wives and children accompany them. The other man is Alexei Szirschenko. He is unmarried, and was employed on a railroad at Karsoon. All were formerly mem-bers of the Greek Church, of which the Czar is the head. A protestant missionary who visited the town of Karsoon converted Jokofschenko, who persuaded the others to renounce the faith of their fathers. It was some time before their neighbors discovered their heresy. When they did they began to make it very warm for the proselytes. Szirschenko was discharged by his employers. Cizhowsky, the head priest of the town, summoned Jokofschenko before him and tried to make him recant. But he stood by his new faith like a fifteenth century martyr. Finding that it was useless to argue with the apos-tate, the priest, Jokofschenko declares, had him and his wife thrown ,into jail. Then the police of the town, under orders from the, ecclesiastical'  authorities, had him bound and bastinadoed 200 times. His wife received 100 lashes. ' After he, was released he appealed for redress to the Mayor of the town by letter. He received no answer, and he then wrote to the Governor of the province. His second appeal was also without result. The other converts were not whipped, but their houses were demolished and their children were beaten by the neighbors' children who were of the faith, and after they planted their grain their 'neighbors would dig it up while they were asleep. This treatment, long  persisted in, grew rather wearing on their nerves, and they at last decided that they were not intended for n artyrs, and sold their farms to come to a land where they can believe in any or no religion at all, and where martyrs have no chance to grow. They sold their farms for about a quarter of their value, as their neighbors knew that they had to sell in order to get away, and wouldn't pay any more. This is not persecution of Jews or of in-fidels, and it would be no better if it were, but of Christians by others calling them-selves Christians also, and not only so, but those who are doing the persecuting think that they do God service; for in the words as nearly as may be of the Constitu-tion of the National Reform Association, the Czar's object is to maintain existing Christian features in the Russian Govern-ment; "to promote the institution of the family, the religious element in education, the oath, and public morality, and to se-cure such a general recognition of the na-tion's allegiance to Jesus Christ and its acceptance of the moral laws of the Chris-tian religion," as taught by the Greek Church, as to indicate that Russia is a Christian nation, and " place all its Chris-tian laws, institutions and usages on an undeniable and practical legal basis." It is manifest that so long as there is a possibility of the success of so-called Na-tional Reform in this country, so long it is not certain that there may not be mar-tyrs here. The principle is the same ev- erywhere and in every age, and human nature is not essentially different in this country from what it is in Russia. " Servetus ! that which slew thee lives to-day, Though in new forms it taints our modern air; Still in heaven's name the deeds of hell are done ; Still on the high-road, 'neath the noon-day sun, The fires of hate are lit for them who dare Follow their Lord along the untrodden way." Already have we seen enough in the persecution of seventh-day Christians in several States of this Union, to show most conclusively that bigotry still lives even in America. National Reform is the very influence to stimulate it to the same bale-ful activity that it manifests in the domin- ions of the Czar. C. P. B. The Sunday Saloon. SOME time since, the " Pearl of Days," said :Š Granting all the evil the saloon does six days out of seven, on the seventh day [Sunday it means' it is more a curse than all the other six days com-bined. And why so ?Š Simply because the masses spend the day as a mere civil rest day, or holiday, and consequently have. more time then to gratify appetite and in-dulge in pleasure. Alothe Christian States-man of April 4, 1889, says :Š Labor ceases on that day; wages paid on Sat-urday are still, to some extent, in the hands of workingmen. The Sabbath is tire great opportunity for filching these wages for drink. And this shows that a simple civil rest day enforced upon all classes indiscrimi-nately would prove a curse rather than a 