NEW YORK, MAY 14, 1896. THE article on page 156, " Another Victim of Sunday-law Injustice," shows very forcibly how hollow is the pretense of respect for "law" on the part of many who demand its enforce-ment against Seventh-day Adventists. Hasty's conviction was in flagrant violation of law. His real offense was differing from his neigh-bors in religions faith and practice. REV. WILLIAM SIMPSON, one of the three Seventh-day Adventist ministers recently sentenced to imprisonment at Chatham, Ont., for doing work on Sunday, was taken to Chatham jail by the sheriff on May 5. The period of his incarceration will be forty days. The reader will remember that this ease was quite fully discussed in our issue of April 2. IT is said that the Chinese Government has, at the request of the French Minister, Mon-sieur Gerard, expunged from the laws of the empire all restrictions upon the propagation of the Christian religion. This is well; but unfortunately in many parts of the empire not much attention is paid by the mandarins to the policy and laws of the central gov-ernment. Ł A RELIABLE German paper is authority for the statement that the Vatican was strongly in favor of the Italian campaign against the Abyssiniang, who lean toward the Greek Church and have for years resisted the efforts of Rome to bring them over. The Vatican, it is said, had a large number of Roman Catholic missionaries ready to follow the Italian army if the latter had been victo-rious. 160 ..A.1010E S1E1N1 11N-IEIL.4 VoL. 11, No. 20. other instrument or not, permit reasonable arrangements to be made for allowing such religious instruction to be given, and shall not be precluded from doing so by the provi-sions of any such deed, scheme or instrument." But the appropriation of public money for the teaching of that which must necessarily be of a sectarian character, cannot be made right by being desired by a " reasonable " portion of the people concerned. A "reasonable number" in such a case would have to be all the people in any way concerned with the op-eration of the school. THAT it is the precedent and principle of State aid to her institutions which the Roman Catholic Church values in the matter of gov-ernment appropriations for her Indian schools, more than the money itself, is evident from the fact that the yearly appropriation of $250,000 could be borne by the Ł6,000,000 Catholic communicants in the United States at an expense to each communicant of less than five cents per annum. The Catholic Church is not suffering from poverty, in this country or any other; and her fight for the continuance of governmental aid is made with a view to the tremendous advantage to be reaped later on from an established prece-dent by which the government is virtually committed to the support of the Catholic Church. MINISTERS of the gospel are ordained to be ambassadors for GodŠagencies through which the Holy Spirit may appeal to sinful hearts to accept God's offer of free grace and become reconciled to him. But according to the con-ceptions which many ministers seem to have in these days, the divine plan of which they are the exponents, is an arrangement in which grace and the Holy Spirit connect through themselves with city politics and the police-man's club. Such an incongruous combina-tion is utterly foreign to the purposes of heaven. Civil government is ordained of God; but civil government and the gospel of Christ are two very different things. The power of the civil arm is one thing; the power of the gospel of salvation through faith is another thing altogether. J. W. LEWIS, the Seventh-day Adventist now in the Lake County (Tenn.) jail at Tip-tonville, writes us that he is now very kindly treated; but in reply to our inquiry he says that when first arrested last November during the very cold weather that marked the early winter, he was locked in an iron cage in a room without fire and without sufficient cloth-ing, and was nearly frozen to death. He thinks he will never recover from the effects of the barbarous treatment he received on that occasion. He makes no complaint, how-ever, and gives us this information only be-cause we asked him for the facts. The law of Tennessee is very explicit as to the care of prisoners, stipulating that they must be comfortably housed; that they must  have good food and sufficient clean bedding to insure comfort. But while the Sunday " law " is rigidly en-forced it is notorious that this law for the pro-tection of helpless prisoners is habitually vio-lated by sheriffs and jailers, and nobody feels under any obligation to enforce the law for the protection of prisoners simply " because it is law !" The world's stock of humbug is not yet exhausted. THE Evening Standard, of Leavenworth, Kans., had this in its issue of the 27th ult. :Š The New York World states that on April 11 Ches-ter Gordon and wife, Adventists, were brought into Little Rock, Ark., handcuffed together and put in jail, having been convicted in Eagle Township of keeping Saturday instead of Sunday. For a crime so heinous they ought to feel grateful to the indulgent and forbearing people of that State that they were not hanged, drowned, roasted or boiled in oil. The Turk-ish Government ought to be severely rebuked by this Government for allowing Christians to be persecuted over there on account of their religious belief. How thankful we Americans ought to be that we live in a laud where the generous and liberalizing influences of Puritan toleration permit us to enjoy so wide a meas-ure of religious liberty. The irony of this item is quite excusable, but fortunately for the good name of the State of Arkansas, her people were not in sympathy with the outrage perpetrated upon this honest couple, and the governor of the State ordered their release at once upon hear-ing the facts, as stated in these columns two weeks ago. THE example of the Lutheran ministers of Jersey City, in declaring their uncompromis-ing hostility to " the movement designed to legally enforce the sanctification of Sunday, by bringing a pressure to bear upon our city authorities," as set forth on another page, is one which we trust will have a salutary effect upon ministers and church members of all denominations. The union of Church and State which the movement involves is clearly visible to them, and should be so to all can-did, thinking minds. The evils of the spy system, also, which the movement encourages, and which is stimulated by the appeals of min-isters to their congregations to aid in securing the conviction of Sunday desecrators, are worthy of consideration by all admirers of upright, honorable, Christian conduct. Such things do not become natural features of any movement actuated by Christianity. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Mingle copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 and under 25 copies to one address, 1 year - 75c 25 and under 50 1" 60c " 50 and under 100 "41. lt 1 it- 55c " 100 or more If t4 1 44 50, To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 1 " - Bs Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. THE Evening World, of the 4th inst., says: "The first arrest ever made in Brooklyn under Section 266 of the Penal Code, which pro-hibits manual labor of any kind on Sunday, was that of two men employed in a factory in Greenpoint, made yesterday. " The men, Charles Baronen and Frank Schraneo, are Hebrews, and work for Davis Frank, a manufacturer of iron bedsteads, at 104-108 Calyer Street. . . . The men were held for trial by Justice Lemon in the Ewen Street Police Court." AN educational bill now before the British Parliament provides in one of its sections that " if the parents of a reasonable number of the scholars attending a school shall ask that re-ligious instruction be given their children, the managers shall, so far as is practicable, whether the religions instruction in the school is regulated by any trust deed, scheme :or 