firanola. Crackers. Wafers.  dyspeptics and those with weak digestive organs are looking fWorh.ole wheat, gluten, rye, oatmeal, and carbon. Just wha t Pure W heat Gluten. The nitrogenous part of wheat, espe- cially recommended for those in a debilitated condition. ZWeibach (or toast). Specially prepared and will keep like crackers. Cereal Coffee. A charming substitute for tea and coffee. De-licious and strictly healthful. Made from the best portions of wheat, oats, and corn, cooked ready, for useŠexcellent for infants, invalids, and trave ers. Graham, Oatmeal, and Fruit. Delicious, toothsome easily digested. None better. Webster's International Dietionary Successor of the "Una.bridged."/ The One Great Standard Authority, So writes Hon. D. J. Brewer. Justice U. S. Supreme Court. Standard of the U. S. Gov't Printing Of the U. S. Supreme Court, all the State Su-preme Courts, and of near-ly all the Schoolbooks. Warmly Commended by State Superintendents of Schools, College Presi-dents, and otherEducators almost without number. Inwai tr ltsle in the household, and to the teacher, scholar, pro-fessional man, and self-educator. . THE BEST FOR PRACTICAL USE. It is easy to find the word wanted. It is easy to ascertain the pronunciation. It is easy to trace the growth of a word. It is easy to learn what a word means. The New York Tribune Says:Š The latest edition comes from the press with a completeness  typographical implies themost thorough The wide public, too, finds this a work to which it is constantly, useful to refer.ŠApril 8,1896. Ł 766 AMERICAN SENTINEL. College View Sanitarium Bakery, College View, Neb. The prepared foods from this establishment have from the first taken rank with the VERY BEST MADE ANYWHERE, And any one who uses them once is ever afterward a patron. They are all prepared from the choicest selected grains, and the greatest care is exercised in securing the proper scientific combination of all the ingredients entering into their composition. Among the leading foods are the following:Š Agents for the Sanitarium Health Food Co., and the Sanitas Food Co., Battle Creek, Mich. Sample package of foods 25 cents. Send for catalogue. Ł Ł GET THE BEST. 'Specimen pages sent on application to G. & C. MERRIAM co., Publishers, Springfield, Mass., U.S.A. His Glorious Appearing. An Exposition of Matthew 24. REVISED, ENLARGED, AND ILLUSTRATED. Ł Contains ninety-six pages, with ttrenty full-page illustrations. The work takes up Christ's great prophecy of his own second corn- ing, and the signs of the times are clearly pointed out in relation to that greatest of all events. JUST THE BOOK FOR THE TIMES. Interesting, Timely, and Instructive. Price, attractive board cover, .25 PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond st, New York City. BA Tease MARK REGISTERED. New Diuretic, R ,,nu, Cereal. Endorsed by physicians in ca and irritable Digestive Organs, and Kidney Emollient, attractive, palatable. Urisurp whole range of cereals. PAMPHLET IPLE FREE. Unrivalled in A Ask Dealers, or ,Write to Farwe es. atert n, N. Y..C.S.A. NUT BUTTER MILLS. Something new. Designed especial-ly for converting nuts into butter for table and culinary purposes. Valu-able recipes for the use of nuts. Shelled and unshelled nuts of all kinds at reasonable prices. Send for de-scriptive circular and price list. JOSEPH LAMBERT, Battle Creek, filch. THE WHIRL of the CYCLONE CONTINUES. The people are looking for a perfect washing machine. It is found only in the Cyclone, and it is so easy to demonstrate the fact to intending purchasers that agents for it are reaping a rich harvest. Write for terms and territory to Coon Bros., 18-20 Hanover St., Battle Creek. Mich. Steps] to Christ. and beautiful manner the steps by which a sin-a wealth of counsel and encouragement for those ner may be made complete in Christ. It contains In twelve chapters are presented in a simple who are laboring with the difficulties,that beset a growing experience. Price (Fleming Revell-edition) .75 "I am surprised," Webster Dictionary AND Complete Vest Ł Pocket Library is full of happy sur-prises. It successfully combines a Diction-ary of 45,800 words; a complete Parlia-mentary Manual; Literary Guide, etc. Positively the only pocket dictionary giving the full pro-nunciation of words. Over ld. 300,000 cop- ies so " I shall give this book a place in my vest pocket, a place that no other book thus far has had."ŠC. C. Gaines. Pres. of Eastman Business College. 192 Pages, 5%x2% in., Weight, 2 ounces. Should be owned by every Studeut, Business Man, and Person of Intelligence. Cloth, 25 cents; Morocco, 50 cents; Extra Qual: ity with Three Years' Calendar, Perpetual Memorandum, and Safety Postage-Stamp Holder, 60 cents. Address all orders to PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York City. Says PROF. E. SHELDON, President of the State Normal School, Oswego, N.Y. "that so much that is valuable for one to know is brought into so small a com-pass and sold at so small a price." Ł THE. NEW You want to succeed in life; you should be trained for success. The CAPITAL CITY COMMERCIAL COLLEGE and the CAPITAL CITY SCHOOL OF SHORTHAND, Y.X.O.A. Building, Des* Moines, Iowa are among the leading business training Ł schools of this country. Board from $1.75 to $2.00 per week. All expenses.reasonable. Competent graduates are assisted in securing positions. The best of everything. Send for catalogue to Meban & McCauley, Des Moines, Iowa. 