736 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 23, 1899. STATE religion must, in the very nature of things, be the enemy of the true Sabbath. See p. 723. To INVADE an individual's rights In order to forestall others who might treat him worse, is only to do evil that good may come. at WHEN you ask an individual to surrender his natural rights, you ask God to give up his rights in re-lation to that individual. EX-SPEAKER Thomas B. Reed, now a lawyer of this city, in answer to a reporter's request for-an interview, the other day, said, "There is noth-ing to talk about except the Consti-tution, and that isn't popular." HE who surrenders the right of self-government will contend in vain for the right of freedom to worship God. For, having made this surren-der, the very foundation of all his rights is gone. As A church where each individual is religiously free is a protest against popery, so a state where each one is politically free is a protest against kingcraft. The American Republic was in this sense a Protestant state. But now, like the Protestant Church, it is ceasing to protest. THE Sovereign of the universe will save in His kingdom every one who freely consents to His sovereignty. All others will be destroyed, not be-cause they will not let God rule over them, but because there is no way for them to escape the demands of justice in respect of their evil deeds. GOD requires every individual of every race, nation, tribe, and color, to conform his conduct strictly to the rules of right embodied in his eternal law; in other words, to gov-ern himself: And this is God's an-swer to the doctrine that only the white man is fit for or capable of self government. SUCH newspaper headings as "Uncle Sam calls a Halt to Russia;" "Pact with England to Stop Grabs in China," etc., which we note in the papers of this city, are ominous of those "entangling alliances"against which Washington so strenuously warned his country. A republic can-not succeed well in partnership with an empire. ANY reader of the SENTINEL having in mind the making of a holiday present to any of their friends, or the securing for themselves an arti-cle of sterling worth need to pay more than passing notice to, our Special Offer of the Post Fountain Pen which appears in this number of the paper. "The Post leaves noth-ing to be desired." SoME figures have been published lately relative to the financial status of Trinity church corporation, in this city. They are interesting, a newspaper observes, as bearing on the question whether church property should or should not be taxed. It appears that this corporation possesses real estate which was originally known as "the church farm," and used to pay the pastor of the church $500 annually, but which is now worth $10,000,000, and pays to Trinity $500,000 annually. All this property is entirely free from taxation. Regarding the use made of this half million income, it appears that one man receives $25,000 annually for being the head of the church corporation. He is assisted by eight vicars and sixteen curates, with salaries ranging from $5,000 to  .$16,000. About $60,000 is expended annually for music. This church corpOration owns ten-ements,which are alleged to be "kept in notoriously poor condition," in disregard of sanitary laws. When the poor who live in these tenements get behind with their rent, they are ejected as they would be elsewhere. Yet not a cent of taxes is paid, be-cause these tenements are church property. Ought other property to pay extra taxes in order that this $10,000,000 estate may pay no taxes? This is the question raised; and would seem that but one answer could be given it by intelligent, justice-loving people. THERE are two methods of civilizing the heathen; one of which makes use of carnal weapons of warfare, the other of spiritual weapons. Happily, the latter method has been largely tried in the islands of the seas, and with what results the reader may see from the report made by the Rev. Francis M. Price, on mission work in the Pacific islands, which we copy in this issue. See p. 725. Read it, and ask yourself which of these two methods you favor. THE business of land-grabbing can go on among the "powers" without very much friction so long as there is land left that can be had merely by wresting it from savage or semi-civilized people. But by and by, the powers will come into close contact with each other in making the final adjustment of things, and then will come friction that will mean world-wide war. And a dark day will that be for the nations. Tun assertion of unalienable rights for all men, made by the Declaration of Independence, is based on the recognition of God as the Creator; and to ask a person to surrender the idea that all men have the same natural rights, is to ask him to sur-render his recognition of the Supreme Being. Hence it is a direct blow at liberty of conscience. 