228 .A1VILIHAELE40-4..N Iff,INT9171 NIME-40 Von. 10, No. 29. the force of the magistrate are not the means to pro-mote its advancement, It is a kingdom of truth and. love, because each man is a free moral agent under the government of God, he is accountable to God. This personal accountability to God carries with it the right of every man to decide for himself his religious belief and his worship. With these the State has no right to interfere. These rights of conscience are inalien-able. For the protection of these, with other inalien-able rights, States are organized, civil laws enforced, and magistrates elected. So far as religion is con-cerned, the sphere of the State is described in one word ŠPROTECTION. . . . However much we may deprecate the demoralizing tendencies of Sunday theaters and concerts, games and excursions, and the sale of candies and fruits and newspapers on the Lord's day, still we ask for legal restraint upon such things only in so far as they may directly interfere with public religious worship. As Christians, we ask of the State only protection in the exercise of our rights of conscience; and we will de-pend alone upon the truth of God and the Spirit of God. to secure the triumph of Christianity. With an open field and a fair fight, Christianity is more than a match for the world, because "the foolishness of God is wiser than men." 1 Cor. 1:25. The almightiness of the Eternal God is in the cross. Hence Christ said: " And I, if I be lifted up from the earth, will draw all men unto me."Š" The Lord's Day," pp. 29-31, by D. Read, LL. D.; American Baptist Publication Society, _Igo Chestnut St., Philadelphia. If the Baptist papers of the South would join with the Baptist Examiner, of New York and Philadelphia, in maintaining these prin-ciples, and in instructing their constituency therein, the persecutions of seventh-day ob-servers in the South would be greatly dimin-ished, SPURGEON ON SUNDAY LAWS. I AM ashamed of some Christians because they have so much dependence on Parliament and the law of the land. Much good may Parliament ever do to true religion, except by mistake. As to getting the law of the land to touch our religion, we earnestly cry, " Hands off! leave us alone." Your Sunday bills and all other forms of Act-of-Parliament religion seem to me to be all wrong. Give us a fair field and no favor, and our faith has no cause to fear. Christ wants no help from Cwsar. Let our members of Parliament repent of the bribery and corruption so rife in their own midst before they set up to be protectors of the religion of our Lord Jesus. I should be afraid to borrow help from government; it would look to me as if I rested on an arm of flesh, instead of depending on the living God. Let the Lord's day be respected by all means, and may the day soon come when every shop shall be closed on the Sabbath, but let it be by the force of conviction, and not by force of the policeman; let true religion triumph by the power of God in men's hearts, and not by the power of fines and punishments.ŠExtract from one of Spurgeon's Sermons, quoted in Australian Sentinel for March. ALEXANDER CAMPBELL CAMPBELL AGAINST SUNDAY STATUTES. SINCE the days of Roger Williams, there has not arisen in the popular denominations of America any other man who has so consistently and faithfully opposed the legal enforcement of Sunday observance upon the people, as did Alexander Campbell, the founder of the Chris-tian or Disciple Church. As early as 1820 there arose in Western Pennsylvania what were called " Moral Societies," whose principal object was the enforcement of Sunday observ-ance by means of legal pains and penalties. Mr. Campbell condemned the work of the societies, and a newspaper discussion followed, which continued in the Washington (Pa.) Reporter, from April 17, 1820, until Febru- ary 22, 1822. The following is a sample of the irresistible logic of Mr. Campbell's argu-ments:Š There is no precept or command in the New Testa-ment to compel by civil law, any man who is not a Christian to pay any regard to the Lord's day, any more than any other day. Therefore, to compel a man who is not a Christian to pay any regard to the Lord's day, more than any other day, is without authority of the Christian reli-gion. The gospel commands no duty which can be per-formed without faith in the Son of God. " Whatso-ever is not of faith is sin." But to compel men destitute of faith to observe any Christian institution, such as the Lord's day, is commanding duty to be perfomed without faith in God. Therefore, to command unbelievers, or natural men, to observe in any sense the Lord's day, is anti-evangel-ical or contrary to the gospel.' Speaking of his motive in opposing these compulsory Sunday observance societies, he said:Š " I wrote from principle; I had no object in view but one; viz., the suppression of an anti-rational, anti-scriptural, and anti-consti-tutional confederation, that I conscientiously believe to be dangerous to the community and inimical to civil and religious liberty. And while I am able to wield a pen, I will oppose everything of the kind, from the same princi-ples, that comes within the immediate sphere of my observation."' PRESBYTERIANS, ATTENTION 1 Dr. Barnes On Enforced Sunday Idleness. THE celebrated Presbyterian theologian, Dr. Albert Barnes, speaks thus of compulsory Sun-day idleness. Let Presbyterians and all other thinking men read and ponder :Š If we can have a sabbath, sacred. in its stillness and , its associations; maintained by a healthful, popular sentiment, rather than by human laws; revered as a day of holy rest, and as a type of heaven; a day when men, shall delight to come together to worship God, and. not a day of pastime, Christianity is safe in this land., and our country is safe. If not, the sabbath, and religion, and liberty will die together. Ł . If the sabbath is not regarded as holy time, it will be regarded as pastime; if not a day sacred to devotion, it will be a day of recreation, of pleasure, of licen-tiousness. Since this is to be so, the question is, what is to be the effect if the day ceases to be a day of religious ob-servance? What will be the effect of releasing a pop-ulation of several millions one-seventh part of the time from any settled. business of life? What will be the result if they are brought under no religious instruc-tion? What will be the effect on morals; on religion; on sober habits of industry; on virtue, happiness, and patriotism? Can we safely close our places of business and. annihilate all the restraints that bind us during the six days? Can we turn out a vast population of the young with nothing to do, and abide the conse-quences of such a universal exposure to vice? Can we safely dismiss our young men, all over the land, with sentiments unsettled and with- habits of virtue un-formed, and throw them one day in seven upon the world with nothing to do? Can we safely release our sons and our apprentices and our clerks from our em-ploy, and send them forth under the influence of un-checked, youthful passion? Can we safely open, as we do, fountains of poison at every corner of the street, and in every village and hamlet, and invite the young to drink there with impunity? Can there be a season of universal relaxation, occurring fifty-two times in a year, when all restraints are withdrawn, and when the power of temptation shall be plied with all that art and skill can do to lead the hosts in the way to ruin, and to drag them down to hell? One would suppose that the experiment which has already been made in cities of our land, would be suf-ficient to remove all doubt from every reasonable mind. on this subject. We are making the experiment on a large scale every sabbath. Extensively in our large cities and their vicinities, this is a day of dissipation, " Memoirs of Alexander Campbell," by Robert Richardson, W828. J. B. Lippincott & CO., Philadelphia. See also the ashington Reporter, of Washington. Pa., Sept. 17, 1821. 2  Washington (Pa.) Reporter. July 4, 1821, of riot, of licentiousness, and. of blasphemy. It is probable that more is done to unsettle the habits of virtue, and soberness, and industry; to propagate in-fidelity, and to lay the foundation for future repent-ance or-ignominy; to retard the progress of the tem-perance reformation, and to prepare candidates for the penitentiary and the gallows on this day than on all the other days of the week. So it always is where in-stitutions designed. for good are abused.-They become as powerful in evil as they were inteded to be for good. The sabbath is an institution of tremendous power for good or evil. If for good, as it is designed, and as it easily may be, it is laid. at the foundation of all our peace, our intelligence, our morals, our reli-gion. If for evil, it strikes at all these; nor is there any possible power in laws or in education that can, during the six days, counteract the evils of a sabbath given to licentiousness and sin.' It may be answered that a great many vol-untarily choose thus to spend Sunday. This is true, but it is also true that the Church and the State, if they have not united to compel idleness on that day, are not responsible for the dissipation occasioned by that idleness, but, on the other hand, if the Church and the State have compelled them to be idle when they preferred to engage in honest toil, they become responsible for the crime that idleness produces. The Sabbath of the. Lord is a spiritual' rest, not merely a day of cessation from work. When God enjoins rest from labor, it is that the time may be employed in spiritual worship. God requires man to cease from his labor on the Sabbath, but he gives to man a spiritual na-ture, by means of which the cessation from labor is profitably employed. On the other hand the State compels idleness, but does not and cannot give to the idler that spiritual na-ture which enables him to properly employ the enforced idleness; and therefore, as Satan finds some mischief for idle hands to do, the State, in enforcing idleness on Sunday instead of promoting morality, is in reality fostering immorality as Dr. Barnes here teaches. METHODISTS OPPOSE PERSECUTION. A SAD feature of the imprisonment of Seventh-day Adventists for inoffensive Sunday labor is that their prosecutors in many cases are members of the Methodist Church, whose founders themselves suffered much from mem-bers of State-enforced creeds. To show that the persecution of seventh-day observers by Methodists is contrary to the published, standard theology of that church, we quote from that celebrated Methodist work, " Binney's Theological Compend," a work officially recommended as a part of every Methodist minister's course of reading. The quotation is as follows:Š It is the duty of the civil power to protect Christians against disturbance in their Sabbath worship. But the power is intruding into the divine prerogative when it assumes the right to compel the subject to worship God, or to refrain from those pursuits that do not disturb others. The keeping of the Sabbath is emi- nently a moral duty, and hence it-must be a voluntary service rendered. under the pressure of moral suasion only.' This is the position which the SENTINEL has always.maintained, and it is the position taken by Seventh-day Adventists in their op-position to Sunday laws; and had it been followed by Methodists, much of this modern persecution for conscience' sake would never have occurred. Ł 1  From Dr. Barnes' Practical Sermons. 2  Rom. 7: 14. a " Binneyq Theological Compend Improved." By Rev. Amos Binney and Rev. Daniel Steele, D. D. Hunt & Eaton, New York, 