THE"SENTINEL OF LIBERTY: for a moment, but truth is eternal, and a high ideal caught by the mind and crystalized into language, is as enduring as eternity. The great literary lights of the world have been in advance of the ages in which they lived, and their work has been an incentive and an inspiration to 'generation after generation. But what lasting serv-ice did Crcesus render the world? Who of all suc-,ceeding generations was better for Crcesus' having lived? Then, too, the mighty fortunes of to-day are as much, yea even more, the creation of circum-stances than of the men who control them. They are the product of modern civilization, and the very civilization that makes the trust possible mAkes, if not 'impossible at least improbable, the development of such- literary geniuses as Shakespeare, Homer, and Dante. Trusts can never make anybody better, and they 'can make only a few richer. Under the trust system no one can hope to become more' than a cog in 'a great machine. When the people shall " have , ad-justed themselves to the new conditions," instead of being better than they were before, they will find themselves the helpless, hopeless slaves of organized greed. B. `THE LORD'S DAY. ALLIANCE. IN ONTARIO. A CORRESPONDENT writing from Oil Springs, On-tario, gives a very interesting, account of the recent 'organization at that place-of a branch of the Lord's Day Alliance., Our correspondent' says: " It was' really amusing to note, the contradictory statements made in the' meeting., The question was .asked, 'What-  form of Sabbath-breaking is :most prevalent in.thiS' place?' The answer given by one ,of the ministers was in substance that many of the, people were in the habit of going to-the River St. , Clair to spend the day, while others wen( visiting And alloWed,  the hour-of worship to go by'unheeded, and the churches .were "-hell deserted. " Mr. Shearer,' the o'r'ganizer, said that it'was not their place to' saYboW the people' should spend the Lord's day' so long as they did not work'on that ' <lay. But in almost "thee  next sentence he de-nounced Sunday cars, Sunday plays, Sunday parks, and Sunday-excursions because they take so many people away from the churches. " Mr. Shearer also,said the Lord's Day Alliance -would not perSecute for conscience sake, but added, -that- its 'Members would not be idle, but would go -Omit like a 'man lie-met' out West who 'alWays car- ried a loaded gun. He asked this man why he al-ways carried his gun, and was told that it was to use , in case anything happened. The speaker advised all members of the Lord's Day Alliance to follow this example and to always carry a gun loaded with the Sunday law ready to use it whenever they saw an infraction of the law. "The speaker further said that this was a civil question. This seems strange since the prayer meeting of the church was given up that the Al-liance meeting might be held. The church people were all urged to attend, and the ministers of the ptace and the church deacons all took an active part in thq meeting. "Another statement made by this organizer was that the members were not to be spies, and then pro-ceeded to relate approvingly how one of its mem-bers, a minister, near the St. Lawrence, went out one Sunday morning to see if any men were work-ing on the canal. He found about twenty-five men at work and gave them five minutes to quit or be arrested. "After the meeting one man was heard to 're-mark that hereafter if he saw any one doing any-thing on Sunday he would 'put him through.' He was asked what he would do in case he saw one working on Sunday who observed the seventh day ŠSaturday. His answer was: ' Then he, had bet-ter leave the country. We have a law, and if he'  does not' ()hey the law of the land he must 'suffer for it.' Whether civil or religious this is the spirit that the Lord's Day Alliance has aroused in this place." And such is the spirit that is always aroused in every place by all efforts to enforce religious ob-servances or institutions, by civil law. It can never be otherwise. B. CONSCIENCE NOT A TEACHER. From the Sunday School Times. CONSCIENCE tells us that we ought to do right, but conscience does not tell us what is right. Ceinscience is ,a monitor in, the spiritual school; conscience is riot a teacher id that school. If we were shut rip to the instructions of conscience we should be ever in doubt as to duty and often going astray. Therefore .it  is that God has given to us a Specific revelation of his will and law, so that we may know our duty when conscience tells us that we ought to do our duty. If, indeed, conscience were a teacher to tell us our duty we should have little need of the Bible to give us instruction; then every person, the world over, would have the same standard of right doing and 