MERICAN SENTIN AMERICAN SENTINEL. 685 the forces of evil within itself, and so was its own de-stroyer. Like Pharaoh, Belshazzar had asked, ' Who is the Lord that I should obey his voice?' Doubtless as has been suggested, he knew of the prophecy, and yet defied God. It is certain that he had had the light of Daniel's Consistent life; for he knew he was a servant of God when he called for him to read the writing on the wall. His course reminds me of a text that we see illustrated all around us. 'Because sentence against an evil work is not executed speedily, therefore the hearts of the sons of men are fully set in them to do evil.' " "The student of history has one of the best fields in which to study the law of cause and effect; and indeed, no nation would be in peril if its people would study the past, and take heed to its lessons.!" "You will notice, Charlie, that no nation is destroyed till the cup of its iniquity is full, or the causes for its over-throw fully ripe. It is the same in individual life, Charlie. And that is why I want you to cut off every evil habit in its beginning. Be careful not to indulge the natural wish to domineer, to boss, to bring others to your way of thinking. It is selfish indulgence, the lack of self-con-trol that leads to the destruction of the life powers, and to the final loss of the soul. All this I know you in your-self are powerless to do, but you know there is the God of the Hebrews to whom you can appeal." "0 mama, I am so glad we began these studies. I feel more than ever that I want to grow up loyal to God and truth and to the principles of true liberty. I wish I could meet such men as were Daniel and the Hebrew children. I hope that I shall meet them in the new Jeru-salem." "0 Charlie, what a happy city that will be ! We shall see God's plan of government fully brought out. His government is based on love. To understand the princi ples that will rule in that city, and to be in harmony with them, will fit us to be its inhabitants. Do not for- get to study the life of Christ, to seek for his grace day by day, that we may be heirs of God, and joint heirs with Christ." "Now I must leave you to study the second beast, and to prepare for our next talk." "All right, mama, I am so much obliged for your help. I never thought before there was so much to these beasts with wings and horns." F. B. Ł 1 Ł 4 4 Power From On High. influence that holds all the universe, and the life that flows through every living thing. What we want is to have that power turned into our spiritual lives, so that it may order our ways after the working of almighty power. The lever is the Word. He is "upholding all things by the word of his power," or "his powerful word." Faith receives the Word into the life and makes the life a part of the living machinery of God's universe. Only think of it; all this power that can control the universe, turned to the ordering of our little lives ! Is it not a glo-rious promise, and one to give us confidence and make glad our hearts? MR. J. E. COLLINS, of Noblesville, Ind., writes as fol-lows of his estimate of the SENTINEL: "I am more than pleased with the paper itself. Its defense of personal lib-erty is certainly with unanswerable arguments and unde-niable facts." Card. To all interested in carrying the gospel of Jesus Christ to the inhabitants of other lands and who desire to assist in supporting missionaries already placed and others who may engage in the work, the op.portunity is given to make an offering to the Foreign Mission Board of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination. Such donations should be sent to W. H. Edwards, the Treasurer of the Board, 1730 North Fifteenth Street, Philadelphia, Penn. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing  Co.. not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in principle. " Present Truth," London, Eng. Published Weekly by Paeifie Press Publishing Go. THE engineer has turned on the power in the engine ORGAN OF THB rooms, and all through the factory the shafting is turn- ng. Not a machine moves. But let the operatives push International Religious liberty Assoeiation. the levers that make the connection, and the whole fac- Single Copy, Per Year, tory is quivering with activity. Ci Six months, God's promise is of power from on high for the daily Three °°  life of overcoming. The power is at work all about us ADDRESS, and in us. From out the throne of his power goes the AlIERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York. - - - $1.00. .50 