ALONZO T. JONES, 1.  CALVIN P.`BOLLMAN, LEON A, SMITH, - ASSISTANT EDITOR. EDITORS.  'If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, I Judge him not: for I Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World."  VOLUME 10. NEW YORK, APRIL 18, 1895. NUMBER 16.   American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING. COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. THEY HAVE BECOME AGGRESSIVE. A MOST significant sign of the times in con-nection with the constantly augmenting Sunday law crusade is the active, aggressive action taken of late by Roman Catholic prelates for the= legal enforcement of Sunday observance. When the compulsory Sunday obserVance movement began several years ago, Roman Catholics fought shy- of it, but now all this is changed, and they not only openly favor the movement)  but are beginning to assume the leadership. On the evening of April 7; two thousand 1=toriian Catholics of this city were addressed by the " Paulist Fathers" Doyle and Elliott on the subject, " The Preservation of the Anierican Sabbath." Among other significant things, the latter said: " The law given on :Sinai was a law, and please God, there will be a Sunday law as long as our Government lasts." And now comes the announcement in the Northwestern Chronicle, a Roman Catholic paper of St. Paul, Minn., of the organization Of a Roman Catholic association, called the " Sunday Law Observance League." Priest John Gmeiner, chairman of its press commit-tee, has issued an address " To the W. C. T. U. and all Friends of the American Sabbath," which is signed by " Mrs. A. V. Nicholas, State Superintendent of Sabbath Observance." This address, which has been sent to the leading papers of Minnesota for pUblication, begins with a quotation from Crafts' " Sab-bath for Man," and continues in a strain not distinguishable from an American Sabbath Union document. It concludes with the fol-lowing appeal:Š All W. C. T. U.'s and Y.'s, churches, pastors, young people's societies, temperance organizations, Law and Order leagues, and individuals are called upon to help maintain our Sabbath as a day of the Lord , for the people, -without regard to race, sex, or condition, for a day of rest and worship. To this end let us make Sabbath observance week in Minnesota marked by sermons, public meetings, Sunday-school exercises, distribution of literature, and prayer for the better  enforcement of law against all infringement of the right of Sabbath observance and particularly against that arch-enemy of God and man, the saloon. Priest Gmeiner accompanies the address, as published in the Northwestern Chronicle, of April 5, with a statement of the Protestant organizations that have already indorsed the new Roman Catholic movement. He says: " It has been heartily indorsed and approved by the Methodist Episcopal ministers' meeting at St. Paul, March 25, and by the Baptist Minis-terial Conference held about the same time in the same city." The priest next quotes the indorsement of a leading Presbyterian minister of St. Paul, and closes with a request to "all ministers of St. Paul and throughout the State," " to lay the question of Sunday observance before the members of their congregations at the earliest convenient occasion, so that a decided move in the right direction may be made at once throughout the State." A mass meeting is announced at St. Paul forthe 15th inst., at which the editor of the Northwestern Chronicle will preside. Now, all this is most significant. It shows that Roman Catholics are forging to the front in the universal Sunday-law stampede. For years the W. C. T. U., the National Reform Association, and the American Sabbath Union have appealed with indifferent success to Ro-man Catholics for assistance in the "enactmentand enforcement of Sunday laws; but now Ro-man Catholics have assumed the leadership and call upon these same societies to cooperate with them in enforcing the observance of Sunday which they claim has no Bible sup-port, and is therefore a sign of the power of the Roman Catholic Church to ordain feasts and holy days, the observance of which by Protestants they declare " is an homage they pay in spite of themselves to the authority of the [Roman Catholic] Church." The people who publish the AMERICAN SENTINEL have long expected that Roman Catholics and Romanizing Protestants would unite to enforce the Sunday, the mark of papal apostasy upon all. This expectation was based on the " sure word of prophecy," and was published to the world before there was a sign of such a union, and when such an un-natural union was scouted at as impossible. It has come and it behooves the people who knew it would come, and the thousands who knew of this prediction and who have been watching to see whether it would be fulfilled,  to be up and doing while the day lasts, "for soon the night cometh when no man can work; " when the opportunity will be forever past of proclaiming to the world the message: " If any man worship the beast and his image, and receive his mark in his forehead, or in hi4 hand, the same shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God." Rev. 14: 9, 10. SIN FROM A ROMAN CATHOLIC STANDPOINT. THE Roman Church claims the "power to command feasts and holy days," and to "com-mand them under sin." That is, the church claims the power to ordain holy days and the manner of their observance, and the power to pronounce any disobedience of these commands to be sin, which, if not repented of, results in the eternal ruin of the disobedient one. With this assumption of the church in view, a few observations regarding the laws of the church regulating Lent, just past, may be interesting and profitable. The following are the commands of the church regulating the fast of Lent, as promul-gated by Cardinal Gibbons:- 1. All the faithful who have completed their twenty-first year, unless exempt by dispensation or some other legitimate cause, are bound to observe the fast of Lent. 2. They are to make one meal only a day, except on Sundays. 3. The meal permitted on fast days is not to be taken till about noon. 4. A small refreshment, commonly called collation, is permitted in the evening. 5. The following persons are exempt from the obli-gation of fasting: Persons under twenty-one years of age, the sick, nursing women, those who are obliged to do hard labor, and those who, through weakness, cannot fast, without great prejudice to their health. 6. The faithful are reminded that, besides the obli-gation of fasting imposed by the church, this holy season of Lent should be, in an especial manner, a time of earnest prayer, of sorrow for sin, of seclUsion from the world and its amusements, and of generous almsgiving. Let it be remembered that to disobey these commands of the cardinal is sin. The reader, unacquainted with the rules of the church, will think that these commands are very se-vere. However, the pope has granted an " indult," that is, an indulgence to the Ro-man Catholics of the United States, by which they can violate the above commands, without sin, where others in less favored countries, should they disobey them, would be counted sinners. Here is the indulgence:Š 