OCTOBER 26, 1808.[CA  T NT1rx abide by it and observe it, but if other barbers are allowed to violate its provisions, unless this law is enforced or repealed, I shall shut up my shop and go out of the business. That is why I caused the arrest of the violators of this law. On next Sunday every suspicious shop will be shadowed. If Mr. Jennings closes his place of busi-ness on Sunday because of a conscientious regard for the day, his clamor for the en-forcement or repeal of the law, and the reason that " many of my customers walk the streets on the Sabbath with a clean shave, fresh from the barber shop of some one who has violated the law,"Šis a sad commentary on his moral backbone; if he does it simply because he is " a law-abid-ing citizen," then selfishness is behind his motive, and in either case it is the love of money that is at the bottom of his action in causing the arrest of these four men, and love of money, we are told, "is the root of all evil." W. E. CORNELL. Stirring Up Religious Strife. THE Independent Herald, of Bertrand, Nebraska, expresses some very apt and accurate views in reference to the Ameri-can Protective Association. The Herald says :Š The A. P. A. is doing all it can to stir up religious strife in this country for political purposes. Its leaders declare that the United States must be Protestantized and that no Catholic shall be allowed to hold public office. With this as its avowed object it is easy to see what the work of this asso-ciation, carried on under the cover of a secret or-ganization, will eventually lead to. If the A. P. A. succeeds in carrying out its full programme it will bring about open violence between Protestants and Catholics in all parts of the country. This is ex-actly what some are seeking. They want a reli-gious war; or, if not that, then as near it as possi-bleŠriots and disorder growing out of religious controversyŠso that they may use it for the form-ing of new political lines, and to draw attention from more important issues. To this end are all Their plans being laid. If this country must be Protestantized or Catholicized, we care not which it is, but we want neither. There is no reason why the adherents of either sect should hold all the offices. Unless the Federal Constitution is the big-gest fraud on earth, this is a country where Prot-estant, Catholic and heretic have the same right to the offices and to everything else. When opposing sects begin to tug at the civil power with the object of gaining exclusive possession of the machinery of government it is time for thoughtful people, who value liberty and equality above religious prejudice, to give earnest heed to the situation. There are a number of organizations, nominally Protestant, the purpose of which is to antagonize Roman Catholicism in politics, in business, and in social and daily life. Among these the American Protective Association has become most prominent. These associations are all secret or semi-secret in character. They are Protestant Jesuits. Because Roman Catholicism is what it is does not excuse the American Protective Association in degrading the name of Protestantism to the same level. The spirit which animates this association and all its kin is not that of Protestantism or of true religion,Šit is that of bigotry, fanaticism, religious prej-udice, animosity and strife. It is using the name of religion to conceal its irreli-gious motives and purposes. It is steal-ing the livery of heaven that it may the more effectually cover itself with the dress of deceit, and thereby be able the more efficiently to serve the satanic lord of vio-lence and. misrule. With the American Protective Associa-tion, Protestantism stands for no real prin-ciple, it is nothing but a battle-cry, a campaign watchword. But it merits more attention than the ordinary catchword adopted to gain the ear, and attention, and following of a political party rabble. It is dealing with the most dangerous preju-dices of mankind. It is confessedly mass-ing and organizing those same forces which have filled the darkest pages of human history with such stories of blood and cruelty that humanity almost refuses to believe its kind capable of such un-reason, inhumanity, and fiendishness. It is to these same prejudices and passions that the American Protective Association appeals; and by the use of these same terrible instrumentalities, which in pre-vious centuries have darkened the world with inconceivable horrors, it expects to achieve the results it desires. Human nature does not materially change from century to century, or from generation to generation. Similar appeals to the same prejudices will bring about results in the nineteenth century not different in char-acter from those which earlier centuries have seen. The laws of cause and effect are just as immutable in the moral and social world as in the physical. Moral forces may not be tampered with any more than material forces, and no unto-ward result follow. These antagonistic religious organizations are storehouses of social dynamite already filled with such destructive possibilities as should arouse the immediate and earnest attention of all liberty-loving and peace-loving citizens. And the faithful and prayerful effort of all true Christians is needed to convert these followers of the religion of force and violence to the religion of the God of peace, and the gospel of that Saviour who told us that the second great command-ment was to love our neighbors as our- selves. W. H. M. The Sunday Law in Cape Colony. THIS colony, being the offspring of a nation, which, according to the ethics of National Reformers, is Christian, has on its statute books a Sunday law, severe enough in its requirements to meet the wishes of the most enthusiastic of these self-styled " reformers " in America. This inquisitional relic of a barbarous past reads as follows :- 1. Any person who shall sell, or offer for sale any goods, merchandise, cattle, or other live stock, or shall trade or deal or keep open any shop, store, or other place for the purpose of trade or dealing, or shall cut or carry any fuel, or shall engage in any field labor, except as aforesaid (to preserve the fruits of the earth in cases of urgent necessity), or shall discharge any firearm, except as aforesaid (upon lawful occasions), on the Lord's day, shall for each offense incur and be liable to a fine not exceeding three pounds, nor less than five shillings, or to imprisonment for any period not exceeding fourteen days. And it shall be lawful for any con-stable or police officer to seize any such goods, merchandise, cattle, or other live stock, or any fuel or firearms as aforesaid; and the same shall on the conviction of the offender be and become forfeited to Her Majesty. This medieval document not only seizes hold on the bodies of those who dare to transgress its requirements, but makes them paupers, by confiscating all their goods to the benefit of the State! After making provision for druggists, eating house keepers, butchers, bakers, dairy-men and fishmongers, between the hours of 9 A. M., and 4 P. M., it sets up the in-quisition, and bids the minions of the law to sneak around and invade the pri-vacy of the home, in the following lan-guage :- 7. And be it enacted that all offenses against this ordinance shall be cognizable by the court of the resident magistrate, . . . and it shall be law-ful for the said governor in each particular case to determine, award and direct what, if any of the  amount of any fine or forfeiture recovered in respect of any conviction for any such offense as aforesaid shall be paid to any person who may have given information concerning the same. This law, though strange to say, is something like what antinomians tell us the Decalogue is, both abolished and in full force. It was enacted by Parliament in 1838, and is on the statute books as operative and in full force. But in 1868, Parliament legislated to remove certain restrictions, imposed during the time when the colony was under the control of the Dutch, upon Catholics because of their religion. The " act " declares that, WHEREAS, it is expedient that such laws, so far as the same impose any such restrictions, disabili-ties, and penalties as aforesaid should be formally declared to be null and void, in order by such dec laration to place on an equal footing before the law all religious denominations. . . . Be it therefore enacted by the governor of the Cape of Good Hope, with the advice and consent of the legislative council and house of assembly thereof, as follows:- 1. The several sections of the said ordinance, No. 68, following the second section thereof shall be and the same are hereby repealed. So far this law of 1868 does not affect the Sunday law of 1838. But it con-tinues :- 2. All other laws heretofore in force in this colony, it any, whereby any religious community, or order or any person whatsoever is or was deprived of any rights or privileges in law, or whereby any penalties or disabilities are or were imposed upon such communities, orders or persons by reason only of their religious belief or profession, are, so far as any such restrictions, penalties and disabilities are or were imposed by the same, hereby declared to be null and void and of no effect. When this law was enacted there wei e no " religious communities, orders or per- sons," in the colony so far as known upon whom the Sunday law imposed any " penal-ties or disabilities," and it was certainly not in the minds of Parliament that this law should in any way abridge the Sunday edict. And they do not now seem to be conscious of the fact that it does. But during the years since this law was enacted there has arisen in different parts of the colony, a denomination, " persons " who keep the seventh day and work on Sun-day, as they believe the Bible requires. They are a loyal, honest, industrious pe( - ple, have nice churches, and institutions of learning, and no doubt are here to stay. But the Sunday law, if operative, as Par-liament considers it, does not place them on "equal footing" with other denomina- tions, as it deprives them, because of their " religious belief," of one day of labor each week. This is a " disability " a " penalty,"Ša tax of one seventh of their time. This being the case, the Sunday law enacted in 1838 is abolished, inasmuch as the law of 1868 declares that " all laws heretofore in force in this colony, if any," which do this are "null and void, and of no effect." So far as any intent of the law-making power to abolish the Sunday law, there was none. And as yet it never seems to occur to them that the one act destroys the other. Both are the laws of the col- ony. But they, in the last act, legislated more wisely than they knew. As to what effect this will have in de-livering these God-fearing people from the wickedness of the Sunday law, time will show. It will have none, perhaps, as "equity is fallen in the streets." Putting the two " acts " together they present a strange piece of statesmanship, but when governments assume to legislate on reli-gion they do strange things. GEO. B. THOMPSON. Cape Town, So. Africa. 