AMERICAN SENTINEL. 265 there is not a government on earth that would think for a moment of declaring war on the papacy. Such a step on the part of any government would be the signal for civil war at home, between the adherents of the papacy and other citizens,Šan event which no government could afford to encounter. * THE question of a Roman Catholic chapel at West Point has again cropped out in governmental affairs, and it is stated that a bill providing for the erection of such a building has been favorably reported to Congress by the Committee on Military Affairs. The papacy is nothing if not persistent, and her machinations require the exercise of "eternal vigilance." THE man who assumes to be the earthly head of Christendom, and who recognizes Spain and the United States as being Christian nations, has failed to prevent these same nations from fighting each other. He has the choice, now, therefore, of admitting either that he is not the head of Christendom, or that one or the other of these nations is not Christian. He is logically bound to do one of these two things. * "OF course it is the pope's duty," says the Independ-ent, "to do what he could to prevent war. Those people have little sense of Christian duty who find fault with him, or call it interference." Was it his "Christian duty" to try to prevent the starving to death by Spain of sev-eral hundred thousand Cuban women and children? If he had done his "Christian duty" in that, his actions might with some reason not be regarded as "interference" now. Papal Impertinence. "The Examiner," New York City. THE attempt of Pope Leo XIII. to thrust himself into the controversy between Spain and the United States, at this Sate day, is a forcible reminder of the fact that he has been a passive spectator of the frightful atrocities perpetrated by loyal sons of the Roman Church upon their helpless co-religionists during the past two years. This crime of the centuries has met no rebuke from him. Hundreds of thousands of his own flock have been doomed to a lingering death by starvation, but no voice has thundered from the Vatican in denunciation of the villainy. But now that Catholic Spain is in peril, now that her wicked rule in Cuba is threatened, now that the interests of the church are likely to suffer loss through the losses of Spain, "His Holiness" is all anxiety and zeal. We do not mean to be uncharitable; but we cannot but regard this sudden activity of the pope, so strongly in contrast with the indifference he has displayed toward  the sufferings of the oppressed Cubans, as the result of anxiety for Spain and the Catholic Church rather than of desire for peace. He cannot plead ignorance of the condition of affairs in Cuba. All the world knew of Weyler's edict and what it meant, and an official inquiry of the papal representa-tives in the island would have put him in possession of the facts. But he made no sign, and the infamy went on. The pope's eleventh-hour attempt to stay the punish-ment of the crime comes too late. He might have inter-posed to stop the Spanish atrocity with a good grace; his effort to save Spain from the consequences of her evil con-duct is an impertinence. Another Conviction in Plainfield, N. J. ANOTHER of the individuals arrested in Plainfield, N. J., for keeping open store on SundayŠa man named HuffŠhas been tried and found guilty of this "crime." We have not yet heard what sentence was pronounced by the court. As showing the religious character of the Sunday law, the following account of the trial, taken from the Plain- field Courier-News, of April 16, is of interest:Š "Two more of the Sunday-selling cases were tried yes-terday afternoon in the City Court, and these two finish the test. All the eleven who were arrested on March 20, for violating the ordinance, have now been disposed of. The two tried yesterday were Fred Huff and Morris Kod-enski. Huff was found guilty and sentence was deferred for one week. Kodenksi, who is a Russian Jew, and keeps a store at 836 South Second Street, proved to the court conclusively that he kept Saturday for religious reasons, and Counsellor Craig A. Marsh promptly moved to have the case dismissed, and Kodenski was discharged. "The city's witnesses were Roundsman Flynn and Patrolman McCarthy, who told how they went to Huff's stand at the end of the trolley line on Sunday, March 20, and purchased a package of tobacco and one cigar. Huff admitted the sale, but claimed that he had a right to keep open on Sunday as he was a 'Seventh-day.' When asked how long he had observed it, Huff said that upon reading the Bible and studying it he had come to the con-clusion that Saturday was the true Sabbath, and conse-quently began to observe it early last September. When asked if he intended to unite with the Seventh-day Bap-tist Church, his answer was that he hadn't made up his mind yet. " knother line of defense was that he made a specialty of lunches and sold cigars and candy only when he had to. Another point Huff made was that his waiting-room was a convenience to the church going public. Huff had two witnesses who testified that he kept Saturday as the Sabbath. One of them, Mr. Weber, knew that Huff came around dressed up on Saturday, and on being told that Huff had turned 'Seventh-day,' believed it. When asked what churches he attended on Saturday, Huff refused to say, although he afterwards admitted that he went to the Catholic and Presbyterian churches." It is clear from this fact that Mr. Huff was prosecuted because he was not sufficiently religious; and a law under 