THE AMERIC.AN SENTINEL. 347 advantage of Protestantism which they nominally professed and from which they expected political support, and to the disadvantage of Roman Catholicism from which they expected nothing. The truth ought to be told. The truth should be understood. This country has entered upon an era of religious politics. The hypocrisy, corruption, animosity, in which it will result is beyond present compre-hension, but, however different in devel-opment, it will not differ in kind or in degree from the manifestation of the same evil forces in past centuries. W. H. M. Persistently Misrepresents Them. A GENTLEMAN in Kansas sends us the following letter of information :Š Kansas City, Kan., Oct. 30, 1892. EDITORS SENTINEL: I notice that you state that the religious papers in general do not say anything about the persecution of Seventh-day Adventists in Tennessee; but note one or two exceptions. With this in mind, I attended Rev. W. F. Crafts' meeting at Ottawa, this State, August 4, and after the meeting, had a little conversation with him, in which I called his attention to the Tennessee matter. He answered that he and his co-laborers were just as much opposed to that as any body could be; that Tennessee was away behind the Ł times, etc. I then asked him why their papers said nothing about it. He replied that he had spoken about it several times in his paper (the Christian Statesman). I thought you would like to know that he had made such a statement. Yours truly, OSCAR HILL. Among the so-called orthodox religious ,papers we know of but one, the New York Independent, that has really entered any iprotest against the action of the State of Tennessee in the matter of the persecu- tion. of Seventh-day Adventists. So far :as the Christian Statesman has said any- thing at all upon the subject, it has been to justify the persecution. July 2, it had this :Š Several Seventh-day Adventists in Tennessee )have been fined one dollar each for violating the law against Sunday work on their farms. For the sake of arousing sympathy, they refused to pay and went to jail. In most of the States such private work by those who observe another day is not pun-ishable, but so long as forbidden by law, the judge rightly insists that it shall not be done. This is certainly not a protest against the persecution. In his book, " The Sab-bath for Man," Mr. Crafts does say in one place that it would seem to be a harmless indulgence to permit those who keep the seventh day to do private work on Sun-day, but the tenor of his book is opposed to even this " indulgence." But on page 262 he says :Š The tendency of legislatures and executive offi-cers toward those who claim to keep a Saturday-Sabbath is to over-leniency rather than over-strict-ness. For instance, the laws of Rhode Island allow Seventh-day Baptists, by special exception, to carry on public industries on the first day of the week. . . . Infinitely less harm is done by the usual policy, the only constitutional or sensible one, to let the insignificantly small minority of less than one in a hundred, whose religious convictions require them to rest on Saturday (unless their work is of a private character such as the law al-lows them to do on Sunday), suffer the loss of one day's wages rather than have the other ninety-nine suffer by the wrecking of their Sabbath by public business. Instead of reciprocating the generosity shown toward them by the makers of Sabbath laws, these seventh-day Christians expend a very large part of their energy in antagonizing such laws, seeking by the free distribution of tracts and papers to secure their repeal or neglect, seemingly on the policy of rule or ruin. They persuade very few to keep the seventh day; they only succeed in confusing the consciences of many about -the first. They in-crease the desecration of the Lord's day, but not the hallowing of Saturday. But coming more directly to the ques- tion of the enforcement of Sunday laws in the South, Mr. Crafts says :Š Another element of hope in the United States comes from the South, whose religious conserva-tism has kept up a fairly good Sabbath observance thus far, and promises to continue it. It should be remembered that the Southern people are very largely orthodox in religion. . Ł . Judge Craft, of Memphis, says of the South : " The civil observance prevails very generally in the South, outside of New Orleans and, one or two other cities. Sunday is a day of quiet and of rest in all our rural districts." And again of the law of Tennessee, he says :Š From Tennessee, where, in 1884, there was some enforcement of Sabbath laws, a judge writes me: " There is no sort of danger of a repeal of the law. The only question is as to how latitudinarian may be the construction given to necessity and charity.'" Evidently Mr. Crafts did not write with a view of securing the repeal of the law, but quite the contrary. These expres-sions from his book and from his paper, show conclusively that he has not the slightest sympathy with those observers of the seventh day who are oppressed by laws which require them to keep Sunday also. In his book he sneers at observers of the seventh day, and in both his book and his paper, he misrepresents them. Nothing could be further from the truth than to say that the persecuted Adventists in Tennessee went to jail for the sake of arousing syMpathy. Neither is it true that they were fined only one dollar each ; that was the nominal fine, but in addition to that amount, the statute imposes in each docketed case an additional fine of five dollars on each of three funds, mak-ing a total of fifteen dollars for each de-fendant, Then in the Adventist cases there were costs amounting to about ten dollars each, making a total of about twenty-five dollars in each case, instead of only one dollar, as Mr. Crafts would have the .readers of his paper believe. As a matter of fact, only one of the four con-victed men could have paid his fine and costs without appealing to friends for aid. They were poor men suffering persecution for eonscience' sake, and yet the sleek, well-fed Mr. Crafts who earnsŠor rather getsŠtwenty dollars every Sunday be-sides smaller sums almost every night during the week, persistently misrepre-sents them, and poses as one opposed to religious persecution. 0. P. B. Violates Protestant Principles. THE Rev. Dr. Washington Gladden, a Protestant clergyman of national reputa- - tion very properly denounces the secret anti-Catholic society called the .A. P. A. In the first Congregational Church, of Columbus, Ohio, on -a recent Sunday he preached a strong sermon against it, con-demning it on' religious and on political grounds. In the course of his remarks he said The proposition of the secret organization of which we are speaking -is that Roman Catholics shall be disfranchised. But the Constitution of the United States expressly says that " no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any of-fice or public trust under the United States." Most, if not all, our State Constitutions contain the same prohibition. The thing proposed by this so-ciety is therefore directly contrary to the law of the land. As a law-abiding citizen, I can not do otherwise than oppose it. The practical disfranchisement of any class of citizens in a republic is their practical enslave-nient. If they are permitted to take no part in malting-the laws or administering the government they are no longer free man. It seems to me a monstrous proposition to strip a large class of our citi-zens of the highest rights of citizenship and to com-pel them to exist as a subject claim in the commu- nity. I am amazed that men of intelligence should favor such a policy As a Christian man I must also protest against the proscription of any class of men in the com-munity on account of their religious belief. That this is contrary to the very foundation of Chris-tian faith I have already tried to show. My Mas-ter is one who said, " Ye shall know the truth and the truth shall make you free." Now if men are to be made free by knowing the truth they must be free to know it; and no kind of constraint or com-pulsion must be put upon them in forming their opinions. This kind of thing has often been done in the name of Christianity, but it has been done in defiance of all that is central and fundamental in Christian faith. When Protestants in this nineteenth century take up these weapons in their controversy with Catholics I am constrained to ask them who is their Master and where they learned their Chris-tian ethics. As everybody knows, THE SENTINEL has not the least sympathy with Roman Catholics; neither has it any with the so-called Protestantism that in opposing Romanism, violates every principle of real Protestantism. Doctor Gladden is quite right in opposing as un-American and unchristian, the A. P. A. Following in the Steps of Rome. REV. DR. R. S. MARTIN, pastor of Grace Methodist Episcopal Church, Chi-cago, in a recent sermon, printed in the Chicago Post of October 17, said :Š I believe that the Roman Catholic Church is bend-ing every effort to dominate the United States, and that in time the Pope will establish his headquarters in this country and try to make Americans kneel before him and kiss his great toe. He further denounced " Romish meth-ods " and declared that they were " aimed at the disruption of the country." As to the intent of the Roman Catholic Church to " dominate the United States," Mr. Martin has by no means mistaken. This is the policy of Romanism ever and everywhere. From the time of Constan-tine until now it has sought to gain con-trol of and dominate the civil power. This has been its object and the standpoint from which it has carried on its work wherever it has gone. But what shall be said of the profess-edly Protestant churches, and of none less perhaps than the Methodist Episcopal Church, adopting the same methods as those of the Romish Church, and seeking themselves to "dominate the United States" ? Are the same methods any more commendable or less censurable when employed by Protestants than by Romanists ? Why is it any worse for the Romish Church to go into politics, and petition for religious legislation, and lobby, and wire-pull, and seek to elect its men, and carry its religio-political meas-ures, and thus dominate the Nation, than for Protestant churches to do the same thing ? That these churches have entered this arena and are resorting to these methods, everyone who is at all informed in regard to recent events in this country knows, The Methodist Episcopal Church took the initiative in the formation of the Ameri-can Sabbath Union, an organization ft-stituted to preserve the Sunday Sabbath by law. Wilbur F. Crafts, the founder of the Union, went to Washington the 'past summer to lobby in the interests of Sun-day legislation. Joseph Cook, in. the Union Signal, of October 20, tells what Mr. Crafts learned there " after prolonged work in the lobby at Washington for Sunday closing." And the Christian Statesman of July 16, gives us the infor-mation that " Dr. H. H. George, of the 