34 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. The rest are adjuncts to him in this contest. They must be named from him; they must be treated as, for this question, one party." Every one who has any knowledge of the Seventh-day Baptists, either in regard to their history or to their principles, must set down the above utterances of Dr. Edwards as not only uncharitable but unchristian. They were the conservators of religious freedom at a time - when there was much danger of a permanent union of Church and State in New England. More than to all others, we verily believe, it was to those of that faith that Rhode Island owed her liberality to all sects of Christians, so far in advance of the other colonies at an early day. The Seventh-day Baptists of Rhode Island and the Baptists of Virginia left to this country a legacy of the principles of both civil and religious liberty, for which we have reason to be thankful even at the present day. But the ill-willŠwe might in truth say the maliceŠof Dr. Edwards towards them arises from the " accident of [their] differing with the mass of Christians upon the question of what precise day of the week shall be observed as holy." We doubt the propriety of calling that an " accident " which grows out of conviction and intention. It is not our desire to enter into a discussion of the subject thus laid open.  by the National Reformers in their state-ment of the objects of their movement; but this affords us an excellent opportunity to show the spirit of this professed reform, and what we may expect at their hands if they ever get con-trol of our Government. Dr. Edwards admits that the Seventh-day Baptists believe in God and Christianity; and we affirm that he would be unable to find in their faith an item which is riot considered orthodox by large bodies of Christians in the land, except 'in. the case of the " accident " mentioned. Our readers may query, as we do in all seriousness, if the fact of their observing the original day of the Sab-bathŠthe identical day which all concede was embodied in the fourth commandment of the decalogueŠis a good and sufficient reason for classing them with atheists. There is not a single point of religious belief upon which there is entire uniformity of faith among the churches; why, then, should a dif-ference on this point be singled out and branded as atheism ? The National Reformers affiliate with the Unitarians, who differ with them ma-terially on the nature and divinity of Christ. They speak well of the Catholics, expecting -yet to work together with them in their pre-tended reform, though the Catholics do not recognize them as being any part of the Church of Christ, .and they openly and habitually deny in faith and practice the second commandment, which forbids adoration of images. These appear to be immaterial errors, while the Ob-servance of the seventh day of the week is branded as atheism, though the observers are confessed -to be orthodox in every other respect ! We take up two declarations of these re-formers, namely, that the Bible shall be rec-ognized as the supreme rule of conduct in the nation, and that the ten commandments shall be acknowledged as the rule of morality in our Government. Is it a fact that the practice of the Seventh-day Baptists in observing the soy- enth day is such a wide and manifest departure from the Bible and the ten commandments, that they may with reason be called atheists ? Every school-boy who is taught in the Bible knows that it says that " God blessed the sev-enth day, and sanctified it:" So far it is ac-cording to the Bible. And every school-boy knows that the commandment says, " The sev-enth day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." Thus it is " according to the commandment." ADMISSIONS OF THEIR OPPONENTS. Now it is by all conceded that "the mass of Christians" do not keep that seventh day which is spoken of in Gen. 2 and Ex. 20. Without entering at all into the controversy as to the correctness or lawfulness of the change from that day to another, we are compelled to in-quire: Is' the change so clearly laid down in the Scriptures, or another day so clearly en-joined, that a person must be an atheist to deny that change ? We will draw the answer to this question from the most orthodox authori-ties, without offering any opinion of our own, or giving any coloring either way to the testi-mony. I. Dr. Buck's Theological Dictionary says : "It must be confessed that there is no law in the New Testament concerning the first day:" 2. The Encyclopedia of McClintock & Strong uses the same language. 3. The Augsburg Confession says: " We find not the same commanded by any apostolical law." 4. Dr. Heylyn, of England, in his History of the Sabbath, says: " For three hundred years there was neither law to bind them [the churches] to it, nor any rest from worldly labor required upon it." 5. Dr. Scott's Commentary says: "The change from the seventh to the first appears to have been gradually and silently introduced, by ex-ample rather than precept." 6. The Christian Union, answering a ques-tion on the subject, said: " The Sabbath was changed f2om the seventh to the first day of the week, not by any positive authority, but by a gradual process." 7. The Inter-Ocean, also answering a ques-tion, said: " The change of the day of worship from the Sabbath, or the last day of the week, to Sunday, the first day of the week, was done by the early Christians; but the work was so gradual that it is almost impossible to tell when the one left off and the other began. It was not until after the Reformation that the change was confirmed by any legal enactment. In the first ages after Christ it does not appear that the Christians abstained from their regular bus-iness upon that day, but they were accustomed to meet early in the day, and indulged in sing-ing and some other religious services. It was riot until the beginning of the third century that it became customary for Christians to abstain from their worldly business and occu-pation on that day." 8. Dr. C. S. Robinson, in the Sunday School Times, said: " It is not wise to base the entire Sabbath [Sunday] argument on the fourth pre-cept of the decalogue. . . . We shall be-come perplexed if we.  attempt to rest our case on simple legal enactment. Our safety in such discussions consists in our fastening attention  upon the gracious and benevolent character of the divine ,institution." But, query. Is not that an evasion ? Doubtless the Seventh-day Baptists would not disagree with him upon the "benevolent character of the divine institution," but they would ask him to open the Bible and show them what is "the divine institution." 9. The Christian at Work says: "Some plant the Observance of the Sabbath [Sunday] squarely on the fourth commandment, which was an ex-plicit injunction to observe Saturday, and no other day, as. a holy day to the Lord.' So some have tried to build the observance of Sun-day upon apostolic command, whereas the apostles gave no command upon the matter. . . . The truth is, so soon as we appeal to the litera scripta [plain text] of the Bible, the Sabbatarians have the best of the argument." It is true that others claim more than this in the behalf of the first day; but it only serves to show that the subject of a change is so obscure that they cannot at all agree among them-selves ! We could greatly multiply testimonies like the above, but these are quite sufficient for our purpose, showing as clearly as can be shown that the Seventh-day Baptists, in their observance of the seventh day, do not, walk contrary to any fact or precept of the Bible, but rather have the litera scripta of the com-mandment on their side, and thus, on Biblical grounds, "have the best of the argument." And yet for the accident of clinging to the ex- act language of the Bible, and thereby disa-greeing with these model reformers, they are boldly branded as atheists I Now comes in a most interesting query: When the Constitution is religiously amended, what shall be done with these people who pre-sume to disregard "the traditions of the elders," who are so perversely atheistical as to stand upon the litera scripta of the decalogue ? Dr. Edwards has given us definite information on this subject. He speaks thus for the body, for it has published his address to the world, and others of their number have spoken much in the same strain. He said:Š " What are the rights of the atheist? I would tolerate him as I would tolerate a poor lunatic, for in my view his mind is scarcely sound. So long as he does not rave, so long as he is not dangerous, I would tolerate him. I would tolerate him as I would a conspirator. The atheist is a dangerous man. He not only rejects and opposes my faith, but he aims to overthrow every institution, and to dissolve every relationship growing out of my faith. He would destroy the very foundations, pull down everything, and build up nothing. But he shall be tolerated. He may live and go free, hold his lands and enjoy his home; he may even vote; but for any higher, more ad-vanced citizenship he is, as I hold, utterly dis-qualified." The reader must remember that this lan-guage is applied to the Jew and the Seventh- day Baptist. They and atheists are "one party." They are all " counted together." They must " be treated as one party." And, how very gracious these " mild-mannered" reformers are ! The poor Seventh-day Baptist may be tolerated as a lunatic or conspirator may be tolerated. He may even " live and go free, and hold his lands and enjoy his home," if he "does not rave." Let him hold his peace; 