106    VoL. 9, No. 14. A.IVIIEECI[CA,NT Nothing could be more gentle and equitable than the conduct of the Romans in the beginning. They acted with the utmost moderation towards such States and natior s as addressed thein - for protection ; they . succored them against their enemies, took the utmost pains in terminating their differences, and in sup-pressing all troubles which arose among them, and did not demand the least recompense for all these serv-ices done for their allies. By these means their au-thority gained strength daily and prepared the nations for entire subjection. Under the pretense of manifesting their good will, of entering into their interests and of reconciling them, they rendered themselves as sovereign arbiters of those whom they had restored to liberty, and whom they now considered, in some measure, as their freed-men. They used to depute commissioners to them to inquire into their complaints, to weigh and examine the reasons on both sides, and to decide their quar-rels; but when the articles were of such a nature that there was no possibility of reconciling them on the spot, they invited them to send their deputies to Rome. But afterwards they used to summon those who re-fused to be reconciled, obliged them to plead their cause before the Senate and even to appear in person there. From arbiters and mediators having become supreme judges. they soon assumed a magisterial tone, looked upon their decrees as irrevocable decisions, were greatly offended when the most implicit obe-dience was not paid to them, and gave the name of rebellion to a second resistance. Thus there arose, in the Roman Senate, a tribunal, which judged all na-tions and kings, and from which there was no appeal. This tribunal, at the end of every war, determined the rewards and punishments due to all parties. They dispossessed the vanquished nations of part of their territories, to bestow them on their allies, from which they reaped a double advantage; for they thereby en-gaged in the interest of Rome such kings as were in no way formidable to them, and weakened others whose friendship the Romans could not expect, and whose arms they had reason to dread. We shall hear one of the chief magistrates in the republic of the Achasans inveigh strongly in a public assembly against this unjust usurpation, and ask by what title the Romans were empowered to assume so haughty an ascendant over them ; whether their re-public was not as free and independent as that of Rome; by what right the latter pretended to force the Achans to account for their conduct, whether they would be pleased should the Achmans, in their turn, officially pretend to inquire int) their affairs, and whether there ought not to be an equality between them. All these reflections were very reasonable, just and unanswerable, and the Romans had no advantage in the question but force. They acted in the same manner, and their politics were the same with regard to their treatment of kings. They first won over to their interests such among them as were the weakest, and consequently, the less for-midable; they gave them the title of allies, whereby their persorfs were rendered, in some measure, sacred and inviolable, and was a kind of safeguard against other kings more powerful than themselves; they in-creased their revenues and enlarged their territories, to let them see what they might expect from their protection which had raised the kingdom of Pergamos to such a pitch of grandeur. After this the Romans invaded, upon different pre-tenses, those great potentates who divided Europe and Asia. And how haughtily did they treat them even before they had conquered. A powerful king, con-fined within a narrow circle by a private man of Rome, was obliged to make his answer before he quitted it; how imperious was this! But how did they treat van-quished kings ? They commanded them to deliver up their children, and the heirs of their crowns, as host-ages and pledges of their fidelity and good behavior; obliged them to lay down their arms; forbade them to declare war, or to conclude any alliance without first obtaining their leave ; banished them to the other side of the mountains, and left them, in strictness of speech, only an empty title and a vain shadow of roy-alty, divested of its rights and advantages. We have no room to doubt that Providence had decreed to the Romans the sovereignty of the world, and the Scriptures had prophecied their future gran-deur; but they were strangers to those divine oracles; and besides, the bare prediction of their conquests was no justification with regard to them. Although it be difficult to affirm, and still more so to prove, that this people had from their first rise, formed a plan, in order to conquer and subject all nations; it cannot be denied, if we examine their whole conduct attentively, that it will appear that they acted as if they had a foreknowledge of this, and that a kind of instinct determined them to conform to it in all things. But, be this as it may, we see, by the event, to what this so much boasted lenity and moderation of the Romans was confined. Enemies to the liberty of all nations, having the utmost contempt for kings and monarchies, looking upon the whole universe as their prey, they grasped with insatiable ambition, the con-quest of the whole world; they seized indiscriminately all provinces and kingdoms, and extended their empire over all nations; in a word, they prescribed no other  limits to their vast projects than those which deserts and seas made it impossible to pass.ŠBook XVIII., chap. I., section. VII., under "Reflections on the Con-duct of the Romans," etc. THIS statement of Rome's policy and its workings is as true and as appropriate in the case of the Roman Church and the American Republic to-day, as it is in the case of the Roman State and the Grecian Republics in all time. It describes the policy of Leo XIII. and the ultimate pur-pose of it toward the Government and people of the United States; toward the workingmen; as the self-appointed inter-mediary between capital and labor; and the would-be world's arbiter, to-day, as truly as it describes the policy of the Roman Senate and its ultimate purpose toward the governments and peoples of Grecia and the other nations of antiquity. Nor is the identity of this policy in Rome to-day, and in Rome of old, denied by the papacy. In fact, it is asserted by the papacy, and the continuance of this policy from ancient Rome is the acknowledged inspiration of modern Rome. WHEN Imperial Rome was falling to ruins under the violent inroads of the barbarians of the North, the spirit and policy of Rome not only survived but was deepened and perfected in papal Rome. And this spirit and policy were con-sciously and intentionally continued by the popes of the time and was conscien-tiously received and diligently cultivated by each succeeding pope. INNOCENT I., A. D. 402-417, was pope when the barbarians first overran the Western Empire and attacked, and even sacked, the city of Rome. And " upon the mind of Innocent appears first dis-tinctly to have dawned the vast concep-tion of Rome's universal ecclesiastical supremacy, dim as yet, and shadowy, yet full and comprehensive in its outline." * He was succeeded by Zosimus, March 18, A. D. 417ŠDecember 26, 418, who asserted with all the arrogance of Innocent, all that Innocent had claimed. He not only boasted with Innocent that to him belonged the power to judge all causes, but that the judgment "is irrevocable;" and accord-ingly established the use of the dictatorial expression, " For so it has pleased the apostolic see," as sufficient authority for all things that he might choose to com-mand. And upon this assumption, those canons of the Council of Sardica which made the bishop of Rome the source of appeal, he passed off upon the bishops of Africa as the canons of the Council of Nice, in which he was actually followed by Leo, and put tradition upon a level with the Scriptures He was succeeded by Boni-face I., 419-422, who added nothing to the power or authority of the bishopric of Rome, but diligently and " conscien-tiously" maintained all that his prede-cessors had asserted, in behalf of what he called "the just rights of the see," in which he had been placed. He was suc-ceeded by Celestine I., 422-432, who, in a letter written A. D. 428, plainly declared : " As J am appointed by God to watch over his church, it is incumbent upon me every-where to root out evil practices, and intro-duce good ones in their room, for my pas-toral vigilance is restrained by no bounds, but extends to all places where Christ is known and adored." t It was he who ap- * Milman's " History of Latin Christianity," book ii., chap. 1, par. 8. t Bower's "History of the Popes," Celestine, par. 15. pointed the terrible Cyril his vicegerent to condemn Nestorius, and to establish the doctrine that Mary was the Mother of God. He was succeeded by Sixtus III, 432-440, who, as others before, added nothing specially to the papal claims, yet yielded not an iota of the claims already made. He was succeeded by Leo I., "the Great," A. D. 440-461. Such was the her-itage bequeathed to Leo by his predeces-sors, and the arrogance of his own native disposition, with the grand opportunities which offered during his long rule, added to it a thousandfold. " All that survived of Rome, of her unbounded ambition, her inflexible perseverance, her dignity in defeat, her haughtiness of language, her belief in her own eternity, and in her in-defeasible title to universal dominion, her respect for traditionary and written law, and of unchangeable custom, might seem concentrated in him alone." I At the very moment of his election he was absent in Gaul on a mission as mediator to reconcile a dispute between two of the principal men of the empire. He succeeded in his mission and was hailed as "the Angel of Peace," and the " Deliverer of the Em-pire." In a sermon, he showed what his ambition embraced. He portrayed the powers and glories of the former Rome as they were reproduced in Catholic Rome. The conquests and universal sway of heathen Rome were but the promise of the conquests and universal sway of Catholic Rome. Romulus and Remus were but the precursors of Peter and Paul. Rome of former days had by her armies conquered the earth and sea : now again, by the see of the holy blessed Peter as head of the world, Rome, through her divine religion, would dominate the earth. § THIS is Rome; Rome always, and Rome ever the same. This is " his policy "Šcraft and hypocrisy, hypocrisy and craft, always employed to feed an insatiable ambition for universal dominion. "Rome never changes," that is true. In "policy," in spirit, in working, in essential nature, it never has changed and it never can change. In all this, Rome is just as ad as it can be, and yet thinks itself better than God, and therefore how would it be possible to change ? , No, sir, Rome never changes,ŠThat is the truth. She never can change,ŠAnd that is the truth. A. T. J. Ł Ł Ł  A Religious Proclamation. A CORRESPONDENT sends us the follow-ing proclamation :Š STATE OF CONNECTICUT. BY HIS EXCELLENCY, LUZON B. MORRIS, Governor. A Proclamation. I hereby appoint Friday, the 23rd day of March, as a day of fasting and prayer. It has been the custom of the people of this common-wealth, for many years, to observe this day by meet-ing in their places of public worship and invoking the blessings of Heaven upon this country. The minds of the people seem so greatly at variance concerning the things needful for their happiness, that it would be well for them to continue the custom of observing this day, and in their invocation say, " 0 Jesu hominum Salvator, with thy gracious light illumine the minds of thy children, who, groping in darkness, are unable to see the truth when it is presented to them." Given under my hand and seal of the State at the capitol in Hartford, this thirteenth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and Milman's "History of Latin Christianity," book ii, chap* iv, par. 2. § Id. 