224 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORE., APRIL 5, IgOO. Bound Volumes of the SENTI-NEL for 1899 are now ready for delivery. Prices as formerly. Cloth with leather back and corners, $2.50. Heavy manila paper, $1.50, postpaid. THE czar is losing no time in strengthening his hold upon Asiatic territory while England is busy in South Africa. When England turns her attention again to Asia there is likely to be friction between these long standing rivals, which may easily result in another conflict. WE print this week a communica-tion from a Baptist clergyman of Cleveland, Ohio, in defense of Sunday laws. We are glad to Bear from our friends who believe in Sunday en-forcement, and we invite representa-tives of organizations working for the same to make use of the SENTINEL in presenting their views upon the subject. Its columns are open to them at any time. THE American Exhibit at the Paris Fair, it now appears, may not be closed on Sunday after all. The French authorities object to such action because Sunday will be the most popular visiting day, and the closing of one of the chief exhibits on that day 'would seriously detract from the success of the exposition. So the American commissioner gen-eral in Paris is said to be much per-plexed over the matter, and-has not yet decided what to do. ,At WE publish on another page the official correspondence between the American Sabbath Union and the State Department at Washington, relative to Sunday closing of the  American exhibit at the Paris Ex-position. In this connection we call attention to the fact, as bearing upon the claim made for this Gov-ernment in the matter of regard for Sunday, that just recently, on the Government transport Sedgwick, thirteen men, for refusing to work on Sunday, were imprisoned in irons, and put on a diet of bread and water. THE census of 1900, as planned by the officials having it in charge, will make no provision for religious statistics, and the volume embody-ing the report will be less bulky and more quickly prepared for that rea-son than was the case in the last national census. Some religious journals express dissatisfaction, but the doubtful value of religious sta-tistics in point of reliability, and the doubtful propriety of govern-mental inquiry into :religious mat-ters, ought to settle the question in favor of the course the Government has adopted. THE chief constable of Manchester, England, says a London paper, in making a report on the increase of drunkenness in Manchester during 1899, said that nearly a third of all the arrests for drunkenness were made on Saturday. Yet a great effort is being made by English churches to secure Sunday closing of the publichouses as a temperance measure. It would seem that in Manchester at least the effort should be turned to the closing of such houses on Saturday, if temperance is really its aim. But we shall never expect to hear of any movement for Saturday closing of saloons. WHEN mob assaults on free speech were made in France in connection with the Dreyfus trial, the Anglo-Saxon nations lifted their hands in an attitude of horror, and dwelt upon the decadent state of liberty in France, in contrast with that presented in their own domains. But now, in one of those nations which is conducting a war in Africa, meetings called to advocate the ces-sation of the war are attacked and broken up, and the advocates of peace are subjected to almost every form of violence and insult; so that the right of free speech is now exer-cised there only at the risk of one's life. What a difference it makes whether the matter is one that touches our own interests, or only those of our neighbor! BISHOP -POTTER, who has recently returned from the Philippines with altered views touching that country and people from those previously proclaimed by him, says in The Out-look that "There are probably a few people in America who believe that self-government is an absolute and indefeasible right." There are a few people, probably, who still believe that "all men are created equal," and that all men "are en-dowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights," which govern-ments are instituted among men for the purpose of preserving; and that civil governments accordingly de-rive their just powers from "the consent of the governed.'; This language means self-government for all people if it means anything, and there are a few people who still believe it speaks the truth. That is what we believe. No PARTY, religious or political, can put God into the Constitution by taking out of it that equality and freedom for all in religion with which God has ever been inseparably connected. THE gospel does not mean that any person shall force even himself to do right, much less that he shall force others to do what he thinks is right. THE appointed work of the Chris-tian minister is not to restrain the hands, but to touch the heart. 