146 THE ANIERIQAN SENTINEL. Now no matter how ardently the Roman Cath-olics might desire religious education by the State, they would be very foolish to yield a single prin-ciple in their religion in order to gain it, when they can see clearly by such statements as this, that by remaining firm they can bring professed Protestants to their position. When the National Reformers say that they are willing to make re-peated advances, and to endure repeated rebuffs, and will gladly accept co-operation in any form in which the Roman Church exhibits it, all the Roman Church has to do is to wait. She is well assured that the National Reformers will keep up their wooing, and she is sure of gaining all that she may exact from so ardent a suitor. National Reformers may deny that their scheme, if successful, will make Romanism the ruling power in this country; but their denials amount to nothing in the face of such statements as those of Mr. Scovel and Dr. McAllister. In saying this we would not have anyone think that we objected to the National Reform scheme just because it will result in Roman supremacy. We would just as soon see the State enforce the Catholic religion as the Protestant religion. Not but what we have decided convictions in matters of religion, but we have no choice as to what re-ligion the State shall enforce, if it is to enforce any. The Protestant religion united with the State would be no better than Mohammedism. It is the union of Church and State that we pro-test against. It Ł was by such protesting that Protestantism originated. He who does not pro-test against, such a union is not a Protestant ; and when so-called Protestantism is enforced by the State, it ceases to be Protestantism. The reason why we make so much of the statements of Na-tional Reformers, both direct and indirect, that they are willing to join hands with Romanists, and of the fact that Romanism will thereby be supreme in the State, is that we thus show clearly that their scheme does embrace the union of Church and State; because Romanism is avowedly in favor of a Church and State union, with the Church as senior partner. This one point is sufficient to condemn Mr. McAllister's entire speech. We might well leave the article here for the present, but will call attention to one little absurdity. Dr. Mc-Allister said :Š " I might pursue at considerable length a line of argument that has become very familiar with the Na-tional Reformers ; but I will only revert to it very briefly. It is this : The great mistake that is made by secularists is in comparing the State itself to any mere business association. Secular education rests upon the social compact theory of governmentŠa theory that has been exploded long ago. The best political papers do not entertain it for a moment. There is something back of the social compact theory. Men come together and make a covenant, and there is a compact. You cannot have a compact without the Nation, and there must be a Nation behind the compact. It is the Nation itself that makes the com-pact. The duties of government are laid upon it. Here is the being that is to undertake the work of education." Let us make a parallel. Here is a railroad company. A number of men have come to-gether and made a compact, or agreement. They mutually pledge themselves to work together in this line of business, and thus they form a com-pany. They secure a charter and become a cor- poration. Now we may say there can be no charter without a corporation, therefore the cor- poration must be behind the charter ; hut anyone can see .that that is nonsense. The corporation does not exist till they form it by mutual agree- ment. We would like to. get Mr. McAllister to define what a Nation is. He says a Nation is there before the compact, that there must be a Nation behind the compact. But a Nation is not a mere aggregation of individuals, although there can be no Nation without people. Ten million people thrown together promiscuously within a certain territory, each one independent of everybody else, would not be a Nation. They become a Nation only when they unite theirŁin-terests, and covenant together for mutual pro-tection, and agree upon certain officers to execute their wishes. But according to the National Reform idea there has been a Nation stalking around this American continent from time im-memorial, waiting for centuries for people to settle in order that it might make a compact with them, and have people to carry out its designs. Surely, if the National Reform scheme were not inher-ently wicked, the absurdities into which intelligent men are obliged to run in order to foster it, should consign it to oblivion. But people love to be humbugged. E. J. W. N Ł d. Let Moral Government Remain Moral. THE eighth Wisconsin district of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union passed this resolu- tion :Š "WHEREAS, God would have all men honor the Son even as they honor the Father; and, "WHEREAS, The civil law which Christ gave from Sinai is the only perfect law, and the only law that will secure the rights of all classes ; therefore, "Resolved, That civil government should recognize Christ as the moral Governor, and his law as the standard of legislation." What does a civil government want with a moral governor? civil governments have only civil governors; moral governors belong only with moral governments; there cannot be a civil governor in a moral government; nor can there be a moral governor of a civil government. . But this is not all; that resolution says, "The civil law which Christ gave from Sinai," etc. But the law which Christ gave from Sinai was not a civil law at all; it is the moral law ; it is the law of the Government' of God. If that law is a civil law, then God is only a civil governor, and there is no such a thing in this universe as naoral gov-ernment, or moral law, and no such thing as morality, no conduct can go deeper than civil-ity, and no obligations can rest upon men beyond the restraint of outward actions. This is the logic of that resolution; this is pre- cisely the mistake that was made by the Phari-sees in the time of Christ. " The moral law was generally applied as the civil law, not to the acts of the spirit, but to the acts of the body. It was applied to the external conduct of men, not to the internal life. If there was conformity to the letter of the law in external manners, there was a fulfillment, in the eyes of the Jew and the Gentile, of the highest claims that God or man held upon the spirit. No matter how dark and damning were the exercises of the soul; if it only kept its sin in its own habitation, and did not develop it in action, the penalty of the law was not laid to its charge. The character of the spirit itself might be criminal, and all its exercises of thought and feeling sensual and selfish, yet if it added hypoc-risy to its guilt, and maintained an outward con-formity to the lawŠa conformity itself produced by selfishnessŠman judged himself, and others adjudged him, guiltless." But Christ came as the instructor and exem- plar in morality ; the law which he gave from  Sinai he carried to the thoughts and intents of the heart,Šlaid bare the soul itself before the great moral eye of the universe; " flashed the light of the divine law upon the awful secrets known only to the soul itself," and showed that these it is that constitute the transgression of the law of God. In this system of government that is advocated by the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, the National Reform Asso-ciation, and in principles sustained by the whole Sunday-law movement, there is just such an at-tempt to reduce the moral law only to the level of outward actionsŠmake it only a standard of civilityŠas there was by the Pharisees to whom Christ spoke, and to whom he said, "Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites for ye make clean the outside of the cup and of the platter, but within they are full of extortion and excess. Thou blind Pharisee, cleanse first that which is within the cup and the platter, that the outside of them may be clean also. Woe unto you scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites ! for ye are like unto whited sepulchers, which indeed appear beautiful outward, but are within full of dead men's bones, and of all uncleanness. Even so ye also outwardly appear righteous unto men, but within ye. are full of hypocrisy and iniquity." This is the only condition to which men ever can be brought by the application of the law from Sinai as a civil law, making it the standard of civil government. Such ideas as are here embodied in this resolution, and such resolutions as the Woman's Christian Temperance Union adopted, and such work as they do in this line, will never do. The women of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union and all other people, want to understand that civil government is civil, and not moral ; that civil government is based only upon civil law.  and is governed only by civil governors ; that it does not aim at securing morality, but only civil-ity. Such confused ideas of government and law divine and human, moral and civil, clearly show that the women of the Woman's Christian Tem periince Union are not in any sense fit to be trusted with the ballot, or with the legislative power in any degree. That these confused views of government and law prevail to such an extent as they do, even amongst men who have the bal-lot and the legislative power committed to them ought to awaken every American citizen to the most sober consideration of the fundamental prin ciples of American liberties,Šwhich are the trmv liberties of man. A. T. J.. 4. Ł 1. Who Are Religious Persecutors? AMONG Protestants, in the past, such terms as " Papal," "Romishr etc., were synonyms of all that was intolerant. In other words, the Catho-lic Church has received credit for about all the bitter persecutions that have ever been heaped upon doctrinal opponents. And because of this quite general impression, erroneous as it is, people are wont to rest in utter unconcern as to .any danger of religious persecution in this country, where the Catholics are not at liberty to openly manifest their traditional characteristics. It is, therefore, supposed by many to be safe, yea, even expedient, to trust all civil and relig-ious authority in the hands of Protestant religion-ists in the United States. And a very extensive and aggressive movement is on foot to carry out such a scheme. Because of this prevalent delu-sion it is well to note some of the tendencies of re- 