676 THE SENTINEI, OF LIBERTN " BENDED KNEE." ACCORDING to the Chicago American, ()If October 20, Hon. Howard. Ferris, judge of the Probate Court of Hamilton County, Ohio, expressed himself re-cently in favor of adopting a uniform naturalization ceremony calculated to suitably impress the candi-date for American' citizenship. Thejudge is re-ported as saying: "I think that there should be a ceremony ac-companying the matter of naturalization. ŁIt ought to be of the most impressive Character possible. The man ought to be impressed so that he will never forget the fact that he was on that day the recipient of an honor the like of which was never conferred upon him before. - Legislative action along that line is not possi-ble for the reason that the Federal statute leaves such a wide discretionary power with the court ad-ministering the oath, and seeing to it that the con-ditions of naturalization are present, that it is entirely within the discretion of the trial judge as to what ceremony, if any, shall accompany the oath. " My idea is that inasmuch as the applicant for letters of naturalization is required to take upon himself the oath of allegiance, the oath should' be explained to him. It should be made plain that hereafter the country from which he comes has no claim upon him whatever, and that he now swears fealty to new institutions, that he will follow a new flag. " In New York and in other States the ceremony accompanying the taking of an oath makes it neces-sary for one to kiss 'the Bible to impress upon the party taking the oath the sacredness of the obliga-tion. I see no'reason why an obligation' of the char-acter in question should not be impressed upon the party in every possible manner, and if in token of sincerity and of love it would add the slightest to the impressiveness of the entire ceremony that one should .kiss the flag, I see no reason why this should not be insisted upon. " It would be a beautful and patriotic thing for everybody to kiss the flag occasionally. When I administer the oath I give the subject a talk to the effect that that *blessed symbol of freedom is the flag of his adopted country. I explain its meaning, and it should be impressed upon him on bended knee that his allegiance to the flag necessitates love, admiration, and respect under all circumstances, and that wherever that flag floats he may be assured of the fullest protection in every right. , " I hope to conceive a ceremony simple and patriotic, which will more fully impress upbn the recipient the ideas expressed above. I am not a  stickler for kissing the flag, but I would like a sim-ple act adopted that would show reverence to the country's banner." The thoughts thus expressed by Judge Ferris are right in line with the flag salute introduced in many places in the public schools-. In this salute the pupils are required to say: " We give our heads and our hearts to God and our country! One country! one language! one flag!" In some respects this salute goes 'even further than the naturalization ceremony suggested by Judge Ferris, for the salute requires' each pupil by repeat-itig- the words of the, salute to make a profession of conversion, for giving the heart to God means that if it means anything.' But while the contemplated naturalization ceremony does not, like the salute, propose to require a profession of conversion, it does propose to require the 'candidate for citizenship to pay divine hOnor to the flag. Bending the knee in reverance is an act of worship; hence it is an act that might very properly be refused on religiouS grounds. The Romans held that the state was divine; in-deed, the Roman state was the chief divinity from which all the other gods 'of Rome derived their dignity; but God forbid that a like idea should ever attach to this Government in the minds of Ameri-can citizens, either of such as are to the' manor born', as it were, or of those who become citizens by naturalization. There is nothing divine about the flag. Only as the 'flag stands for liberty and justice is it worthy of respect. Ł Blind devotion-to one flag as the symbol of governmental power merely is no' mere praise-worthy than is blind devotion to another flag. If it'  is the power that is to be revered, then the flag that represents the most power is worthy of most devo-tion. Estimated in this way, Russia's might easily stand at the head of national emblems, but esti-mated from the standpoint of correct principles how different would be the conclusion. Instead of being required toŁ kiss the flag or to swear allegiance to it on bended knee,''the candidate for American citizenship should be required to fa- miliarize himself with the Declaration of Independ-ence and the Constitution of the United States., and to swear allegiance to the principles of equality and justice therein set forth. Were this done, and were the Government ever true to these principles, there would be no lack of devotion to the flag of the 