opell(190102101 111110111111rgip 0101,110,1 1plizip;  FON* qll II 1 Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas yefferson. VOLUME 6. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 8, 1891. NUMBER 39. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND Sr., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter, EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOY.T.MA /47, W. H. MeSEE. ONE of the greatest problems of politics is to determine the proper relation between Church and State, between civil and re-ligious rights, so that they may not en-croach upon one another nor become bur-dens of our social life, encumbering it with greater difficulties.  than attach to it naturally. ŠMendelssohn. THE theory of the gospel of Christ is, not the taking away of temptation for fear that men will do evil, but the im-planting in man of an enmity to evil, the implanting of a supreme love of right, and a power to do the right which they love. The theory of the gospel is not to keep men in perpetual infancy by taking away every form of difficulty or trial, but to build up strong, courageous, manly men, by the divine power which it brings to them. Consequently the Scriptures make no promise to take away tempta-tions from men, but, instead, exhort all to endure, or to resist temptation, " as good soldiers of Jesus Christ." IT is often stated as a reproach that " California is the only State in the Union without a Sunday law." That is one way of looking at it; another way is that "Cal-ifornia is the only State in the Union that maintains the original idea of civil and religious liberty guaranteed by the Fed-eral Constitution. It is the only State in the Union whose laws acknowledge that one man has as good a right not to rest on Sunday as another has to rest. It is, there-fore, the only State in the Union where all  citizens are on an equality before the law. It is the only State in the Union where no one class can dictate what other classes shall not do on a certain day of the week. It is the only State in the Union where the law does not encourage the making of hypocrites on Sunday, by making them seem to have reverence for something which they do not reverence." However, as a matter of fact, California has not this proud distinction; Wyoming and Idaho are also without Sunday laws. What Is Public Opinion In Tennessee? REFERENCE has been made in these columns to the decision of United States District Judge Hammond, in the case of King, appealed from the State of Tennes-see. The leading papers of the country have also mentioned it, and have com-mented more or less upon it. Yet, both in these columns and by the papers re-ferred to, that which has been said has been but little more than to mention the decision, with one or two points touched in it. From the nature of the case, how-ever, and the principles involved, the de-cision is worthy of more extended notice than has been given it anywhere, and for these reasons, we propose a review of the decision in detail. The Constitution of Tennessee, Article I, Section 3, says :Š No human authority can, in any case whatever, control or interfere with the rights of conscience; and that no preference shall ever be given by law to any religious establishment or mode of worship. R. M. King reads the Bible for himself, and believes it as he reads, as he has the inalienable, and the constitutional right to do. Accordingly, he believes, as the fourth of the ten commandments teaches, that the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord. Holding this as an obligation which he owes to the Lord, he renders it to the Lord. Then, having rendered to God that which is God's, he exercises his God-given right to work the other six days of the week. Ł But there are some people in Tennessee  who choose to keep Sunday, as they have the right to do. Yet not content with the exercise of their own right to do this, they go about to compel everybody else to do it, whether he believes in it or not. Therefore, for working on his own prem-ises on SundayŠhoeing corn, harrowing, etc.ŠKing was prosecuted for committing a nuisance at common law. He was con-victed and fined seventy-five dollars and costs. The case was appealed to the Supreme Court of the State, and there the judg-ment was confirmed by a decision declar-ing Christianity to be the common law of Tennessee, and that offenses against it were properly indictable and punishable as common law offenses. Such a decision is clearly a violation of that clause of the Constitution, which declares that " no preference shall ever be given by law to any religious establishment or mode of worship." For when the Supreme Court recognizes and establishes Christianity as a part of the common law of that State, it does positively give preference by law to that religion, and to its modes of worship. By a writ of habeas corpus, the case was carried to the Circuit Court of the United States, upon the plea that the Fourteenth Amendment of the United States Constitution was violated in that King was deprived of his liberty " with-out due process of law ;" and Judge Ham-mond's decision, now to be noticed, is the result so far. Those who have seen the decision, know, and to those who have not seen it, it is'  proper to say, that it is really composed of two parts, namely : the law of the case, and the dictum of the Judge. As to the point of law, the Court decided that the proceeding by which King was convicted was due process of law, and that as it is exclusively the province of the State Court of Tennessee to declare what is the law in that State, the only thing that is left for the United States Court to do under such a plea, is to inquire whether the procedure has been regular, and not whether the law itself is lawful. 