46 THE AMERICAN SENTI4IEL. conscientious convictions lest they should lose their places. The preacher was showing how strictly Sunday ought to be observed, and how God's blessing follows its strict observance. He told of a man with whom he was acquainted in Chicago, who was forced to drive on a street-car for a living. When it came Saturday night his employers re-quired him to work the next day, but he refused, saying that he could not work on "the Sabbath," and that he would throw up his job. The man-agers, however, concluded that so conscientious a man would be valuable, and did not discharge him, but gave him constant employment after that. He also mentioned the case of the young man who was discharged by Stephen Girard, because he refused to help load a ship on Sunday. The young man wandered around for several weeks in search of employment, and finally found an ex-cellent place in a bank, to the- managers of which he was recommended by Girard himself, as a model of conscientious honesty. If this proves anything, it proves that the talk about a Sunday law being a necessity in order that the laboring man may keep Sunday in ac-cordance with the dictates of his own conscience, is all cant. It proves that there is no necessity whatever for any Sunday law. Everybody who wants to keep Sunday can do so without a law, and nobody can hinder him; while those who do not want to keep Sunday will not thank those who make a law compelling them to. The only necessity there is for a Sunday law is in the selfish-ness of those who are clamoring for it, 11. Ł 'I Religious Legislation. A POLITICAL convention is to be held. Some-body is to be elected to represent the people in the legislative halls of the State. The conven-tion must decide who shall run in the interest of the party, as a candidate to be voted for at the elec-tion. Many men desire the honor and the money that the office would give them. Who shall be the favored man? Much scheming will be nec-essary to succeed. Opponents must be misrepre-sented. Several must be bought off. Delegates must be bribed. Cheating in the count, and false-hood in covering it up, must all be resorted to in order to obtain the nomination. After the nom-inations have been made, then all these sins must be increased ten-fold before the man is elected and legally installed in office. This manner of procedure is so common all over the country that exceptions rarely occur. In fact, corruption is so nearly universal that honest men dread to enter the race, and for these rea-sons, the majority of office-holders are political tricksters. But finally the legislative body meets, and after much confusion and ado, they are pre-pared to begin the responsible work of making, un-making, and re-making laws. While these men are thus engaged in their work, we will notice what is taking place else-where. An ecclesiastical association meet and form a creed. Their neighbors are willing for them to adopt it if they choose to, as it does not interfere with their civil rights. But the makers of the creed are not disposed to brook opposition, and therefore they begin to cast about them to hit upon some scheme by which dissenters may be compelled to conform to the will of the creed-makers. At this juncture a National Reformer proposes to them that as the Legislature is in ses- sion, they can have the creed embodied into a bill, and enacted into a law, and thus unanimity of action all over the State will be secured. The creed-makers have the balance of power any way, and why should not their will in the matter be-come law, and thus confusion be avoided among the people? Then it flashes upon their minds that these law-makers are God's ministers, ordained of the Lord for this very purpose; and they only won-der why they have been so long in finding this out. Of course these officials have never studied the Scriptures, neither have many of them been converted; but the manner in which they ob-tained their election has sanctified them for this purpose, and they are therefore eminently quali-fied to decide upon spiritual matters pertaining to the kingdom of Christ; for have not the National Reformers declared that Christ's kingdom is of this world, and that even Israel was a republic, and that the laws were enacted by the seventy who were elected by the people? And if so, do not the princes of this world understand the wis-dom of God, even the hidden mystery? But what says the Apostle Paul about it? He says that it was not God's will that the faith of the church should stand in the wisdom of men, but in tire power of God: "We speak wisdom among them which are perfect, yet not the wis-dom of this world, nor of the princes of this world that come to naught: but we speak the wisdom of God in a mystery . . . which none of the princes of this world knew; for had they known it they would not have crucified the Lord of Glory." See 1 Cor. 2 : 5-8. The backslidden church, in the days when the Son of God was on the earth in person, appealed to the princes of this world, who were appointed by Caesar, to have the traditions of the elders en-forced upon everyone. These traditions, which made void the commandments of God, were to the elders of more consequence than the life of the Son of God; and, therefore, they caused these Cxsar-made officials to believe that unless they crucified Christ, they were not Caesar's friends ; and therefore Christ was crucified. Paul, through the Spirit of God, instructs the Church of Christ upon these very points. These Caesar-appointed officials, who crucified the Lord of Glory in per-son, have often,been imitated by earthly rulers in putting Christ to death in the person of his saints. The very religious Pharisees, by the force of their influence, finally compelled Pilate to give sentence against Jesus. The church, backslidden from God, appealed to Pilate, reminding him that he was not Caesar's friend if he did not condemn Jesus for them. John 19:12. This made Pilate know that these people who were so zealous for their creed would be his political enemies if he did not yield to their demand, and not being scripturally-minded himself he reluctantly gave sentence to the clamor of the multitude. But what faith had he in their religion? But were not Pilate and his official colleagues to be obeyed civilly? Christ, in his Sermon on the Mount, taught the people to respect these very men. Whenever he was interrogated upon the point of civil obedience, he advised it. But in points of religion, he advised them to "render unto God the things that are God's." Pilate should have dismissed the assembly, as his wife advised him to do, but the voices of the people and the priests prevailed, and Pilate made the chief mistake of his life by letting himself be influenced to go beyond his jurisdictionŠtc in- terfere in matters purely of a religious character Whenever the legislative bodies of our country permit themselves to be influenced by the churches to enter the arena of religious legislation, they will be in spirit and kind repeating the history of Pilate in his condemnation of Christ. They should let these things alone, and attend to the kind of matters that relate to Caesar. WM. COVERT. What's the Matter With Milk? AT the Oakland Sunday-Law meeting the usual plea of a "sanitary arrangement" was made. This Sunday law is a thing absolutely necessary for the health of the people. In his speech, Dr. Briggs took occasion to tell how to get the full benefit of this sanitary arrangement. One very essential thing was, not to allow the milkman to deliver any milk on Sunday. Now we have given some study to sanitary matters, and we cannot see how receiving into the house and eating milk on Sunday is of serious detriment to anybody's health, providing, of course, the milk is not too thin. Why is milk that is good on six days in the week so intensely deleterious on Sunday? This is a problem for scientists. But hold! we remember that this proposed Sunday law is solely in the interest of temper-ance. All they want to do is to close the saloons, so that the good people can have a chance to rest and worship " according to the dictates of their own consciences." Now we have two explana-tions, either one of which may fit the case. They are afraid that when the saloons have been closed up, the saloon men will bribe the milkmen to mix a little whisky with their milk, or else to deliver whisky amid beer to certain houses, under pretense of leaving milk. Very far-sighted, these temper-ance workers are, to be sure. We congratulate them on their sagacity. But possibly they have found that milk is a very harmful beverage. You know that some milk is bad, and when milk is bad it is like the little girl that Mother Goose tells about, "it is horrid," and very dangerous to health. Now these clerical guardians of the public health have discovered this, and are determined to allow the people to be exposed no longer. So just as they will dose the saloons on Sunday, in the interest of temperance, they, will stop the sale of milk on Sunday, in the interest of health. "But if the milk is so bad that it is positively dangerous, why not prohibit the sale of it altogether ?" asks one. Simple soul, can't you see that when the people are idle they are much more susceptible to disease than they are when they are at work ? When people are at work they can throw off the evil effects; but on Sunday, when they are idle, the milk can get in its deadly work unhindered. What a wonder that the country has not been depopulated through eating milk on Sunday ! Friends, do you believe a word of the state-ment, that the proposed Sunday law is to be only a sanitary arrangement ? We don't believe that you do. We don't believe that anybody does, not even the men who say so. No one can believe such a palpable absurdity. Well, then, stop and ask yourself if there must not be some inherent wickedness in a scheme which compels its promot-ers to resort to such flimsy excuses ? THERE are many who do not seem to be sensi-ble that all violence in religion is irreligious, and that, whoever is wrong, the persecutor cannot be right."Š Thomas Clarke. 