THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 11 no part Of its work to oppose even what seem,  to be errors of doctrine. It has no time nor space to devote to the discussion of creeds and confessions of faith. Its sole object is to oppoSe "anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name, or in fact," and to work for the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious,Šincluding the rights of infidels as well as of Christians, real-izing that both are, human. This being the case, it would manifestly be turning aside from our legitimate work to dis-cuss denominational matters. The SENTINEL freely grants that the Reformed Presbyterian Church has been active in reforms in this country. We believe the members of that church to be as pious and God-fearing as those of any other; and for those whose intimate acquaintande we have formed, we have the most sincere 'respect. But this does not in the least abate our opposition to its principles being incorporated into this Government. The Covenanters did indeed protest against union of Church and State, but it was only the nnion of the State with the Catholic Church. They, honestly enough, supposed that the evils of Church and State union arose from the corruption of the church which was a .party to that union, and that if the church were only pure, and its polity correct, no evil, but only good, could come from its union with 'the State. They did not perceive that union of Church and State to any degree whatever is in itself an evil, no matter 'how pure the church may be, and that, in fact, a union, of the purest church with the State, must, if long continued, result in the deterio-' ration of that church ; but such is the case. Moreover, such union cannot but result in the oppression of those who dissent from the principles of the church. This oppression is not due to the fact that those who are instru-mental in bringing it about are worse than other people, but from the necessities of the situation. In fact, men who are personally upright are more apt than any other class to -start such oppression, for they are the ones who are zealous for the enforcement of the law. Now when ecclesiastical usages are en-joined by civil law, and those'usages are dis-regarded, such disregard becomes 'a crime, and the offenders must ho punished. Thus relig-ious persecution is started simply from a de-sire to see the Government honored by the enforcement of its laws. If the offenders would at once submit, there would be no per-secution, and the good men (and women) who seek to enforce such laws, do not design that there shall be any. But the trouble is, many of these dissenters will be so stubborn as to persist in disregarding the eecleSiastico-civil lawS, and so more severe measures than were at first contemplated are found, necessary, and there will be enough "lewd fellows of the baser sort" to carry out through innate malice, what was conscientiously begun. And no matter how severely the persecution may rage, it will be only the simple execution of the laws. For the benefit of any who may think that our; opposition to Nations". Reform is due to  antagonism to religion, we will say that the editors of the SENTINEL are all members of an evangelical church, but if &ere should arise a species of National Reform proposing to enforce the usages of their church, they would oppose it as strenuously as they do the pres-ent movement. We honor Christ as the di-vine Word by whom the worlds were made, and the Redeemer of mankind; but we would oppose a movement to make such an acknowl-edgement a test of citizenship, just as strongly as we would oppose a law enjoining a belief in the real presence of Christ in the Eucharist, or making auricular confession obligatory. In short, we are opposed to any union of the State with a corrupt church, because such union would result in religious persecution; and we are opposed to any union with a pure church, because in addition to religious per-secution there would result a corruption of the church. E. J. W. Religious Instruction in the-Public Schools. IN a recent paper read before the St. Louis Pedagogical Society, the president of the Illi-nois State Normal School took the position that not morality only, but religion as wellŠnot sectarianismŠshould be daily taught in the public schools. And we are told "by far the greater number present assented to the principles enumerated by the speaker." No doubt underlying this view is a strong feeling of the necessity of religious instruction; we have schools where the three R's and the more advanced secular studies are pursued; why should not religion, which above every-thing else must concern man's present and future happiness, be also inculcated? Touch-ing this matter we have a few words to say. In the first place it should be brought to mind that teachers are not selected with ref-erence ,to their qualifications as religious in-structors. Many of our teachers, especially many women teachers, are admirably quali-fied for such work, which they so efficiently carry on in Sunday-schools. On the other hand, many teachers, we regret to know, are agnostics pure and simple. They claim not to know if there be any immortality; least of all do they consent to any need of salvation through Jesus Christ. Then in many places Šnot only in the cityŠthe teachers in our schools are Roman Catholics. They do not teach religion now, for they are not allowed to. But were they to do this, what sort of religion would they teach? Obviously there is but one religion that the Romanist can teach, or would be allowed by his church to, teach, and that is Roman Catholic sectarian-ism. Between this and Protestantism and Judaism no compromise seems possible; so that if religion is to be taught, we must have distinctively Protestant schools, Roman Cath-olic schools, Jewish school;--and why not Unitarian schools? Where shall we stop? Again, we need to recall the fact that re-ligion is not a catechismŠa thing of question and answer. It is a. matter of life and of love; it must be preached by example, and the religious teacher must got at the heart'of his pupils, as is often, not always, the case in the Sunday-school, where the relationship of teacher and pupil is one of affection, with.no particle of compulsion. Teach the Bible as you teach arithmetic, and the result would rather be hatred than love of the Bible. The proposition made by the Normal School prin-cipal noted above to teach "not sectarianism;  but a sense of responsibility to God,"Šthis is ethics of a somewhat uncertain kind; but an eviscerated, unsectarian doctrine, with no personal love to the Saviour awakened, would be a very poor substitute for a throbbing, per- sonal religion; it would rest the young soul in a dead formalism, .and would leave the last state of that soul worse, than the first. One of our correspondents sees no objection to reading a part of the Scriptures in the school. But this is far from carrying religious instruction with it. The Bible is read in our city schools, but the whole New Testament is expurgated out of deference to our Jewish friends; how much religion is secured to the children in this way? A little inquiry made of the teachers in our schools would elicit the answer which we have heard them repeat-edly make,Šnone at all. But there is another and even more danger-ous point to be pressed home, and it is this. This matter of religious instruction in the public schools is the one which is most strongly emphasized by the Roman Catholics. Why? Simply because they are determined, if they can, to make the State supply Roman Catholic instruction to the thousands of non-descript waifs and poor children of Catholic Churches, and so save to the church the ex-pense of the religious instruction of their children. There is not a Roman Catholic prelate in the country who will have any-thing else than distinctively Roman Catholic doctrine declared to the children of Roman Catholics; and this instruction must be in-culcated by a priestŠthis is the Roman Cath-olic position all through.. Disestablish the non-sectarian school, and it is not difficult to forecast the result: we shall have Trinitarian and -Unitarian, Protest-ant and Jewish teachers inculcating their re-spective doctrines, just as the three R's are now taught. Small will be the gain in that quar-ter, but great will be the loss where the loss has already fallen most heavilyŠin the domain of home instruction. But our Roman Catholic friends will do their work differently. They will secure as teachers priests of their own sect, to be paid by the State, and so the State  will be devoting its public moneys" to the support of.. a large part of the Roman Catho-lic clergy, and to the instruction of coming generations in Roman Catholic sectarianism with no cost to the Roman Church. Indeed, the Roman Catholics in this State are already moving in this direction. Last winter they caused a bill to be introduced in the Senate of this State, the object being to facilitate the commitment of idle, truant, vicious, or home-less children to the Roman Catholic Protecto-rate, and to enable the schools of this Roman Catholic-institution to "participate in the dis- 