202 A.1%1 C VOL. 10, No. 26. obey, they were threatened with the following judgments:Š But if ye will not hearken unto me to hallow the Sabbath day, and not to bear a burden, even entering in at the gates of Jerusalem on the Sabbath day; then will I kindle a fire in the gates thereof, and it shall devour the palaces of Jerusalem, and it shall not be quenched. Verse 27. The Result of disobedience. They refused to obey, and the threatened judgments overtook them, as recorded in 2 Chron. 36:18-21: " They burnt the house of God, and brake down the wall of Jerusalem, and burnt all the palaces thereof with fire, and destroyed all the goodly vessels thereof." And this was done " to fulfill the word of the Lord by the mouth of Jeremiah." Those of the people who survived the siege were taken to Babylon, where they remained for seventy years; after which their descendants were permitted to return and rebuild Jeru- salem. Remembering that their city and temple had been destroyed, and their fathers taken into captivity because of a failure to hallow the Sabbath, one of the first resolutions they made after returning, was as follows:Š They slave to their brethren, their nobles, and en-tered.into a curse, and into an oath, to walk in God's law, which was given by Moses the servant of God, and to observe and do all the commandments of the Lord our Lord, and his judgments and his statutes; . . . and if the people of the land bring ware or any victuals on the Sabbath day to sell, that we would not buy it of them on the Sabbath. Neh. 10: 29-31, But a few years later the people disregarded their oath and again violated the Sabbath in the most flagrant manner, as recorded in Neh. 13: 15, 16 In those days saw I in Judah some treading wine-presses on the Sabbath, and bringing in sheaves, and lading asses; as also wine, grapes, and figs, and all manner of burdens, which they brought into Jeru-salem on the Sabbath day; and I testified against them in the day wherein they sold victuals. There dwelt men of Tyre also therein, which brought fish, and all manner of ware, and sold on the Sabbath unto the children of Judah, and in Jerusalem. Nehemiah's Warning. Remembering that both their city and nation had been destroyed because of Sabbath-break-ing,-Nehemiah warns the people thus:Š Then I contended with the nobles of Judah, and said unto them, What evil thing is this that ye do, and profane the Sabbath day ? Did not your fathers thus, and did not our God bring all this evil upon us, and upon this city? yet ye bring more wrath upon Israel by pro-faning the Sabbath. Verses 17, 18. From the days of Nehemiah to the coming of Christ, this threatened destruction of the Jewish nation was kept before the people by the priests, as a reason for the strict observ-ance of the Sabbath. An almost endless num-ber of hair-splitting rules for the observance of the Sabbath was enacted until the true Sabbath, and true Sabbath observance was lost sight of and a counterfeit, man-made sabbath, hedged about with traditional exactions; took its place. The Sabbath of the Lord and the sabbath of the Jews were just as different and just as conflicting as were the Lord of the Sabbath and the Jewish leaders. Although these two Sabbaths occupied the same twenty-four hours, they could have been no more unlike in char-acter if the sabbath of the Jews had been observed on Sunday. True Sabbath observance is the hallowing of the hallowed day. The seventh day is the Sabbath, whether men recognize it or not. It is impossible to hallow the Sabbath on any other day than the one hallowed by the Lord. But it is possible to observe man's erroneous ideas of Sabbath-keeping on the seventh day  as did' the Jews, without hallowing the Sab-bath of the Lord. True Sabbath-keeping is a hallowing of the God-hallowed day in the God-appointed way. . The Sabbath of the Lord " was made for man," not against him Ł it was a merciful in-stitution. The sabbath of the Pharisees was unmerciful in that it enslaved men. It in-cluded in its prohibited work the rubbing out in the hands of a little grain with which to satisfy hunger. Mark 2: 22-28. It prohib-ited the healing of the most pain-racked suf-ferer. Proof that healing the sick was in-cluded among the "work" prohibited by the sabbath of the Pharisees is found in Luke 13: 11-14:Š False Sabbath.:-Keeping. And, behold, there was a woman which had a spirit of infirmity eighteen years, and wag bowed together, and could in no wise lift up herself. And when Jesus saw her, he called her to him, and said unto her, Woman, thou art loosed from thine infirmity. And he laid his hands on her: and immediately she was made straight, and glorified God. And the ruler of the synagogue answered with indignittion, because that Jesus had healed on the Sabbath day, and said unto the people, There are six days in which men ought to work: in them therefore come and be healed, and not on the Sabbath day. Thus it is seen that when Christ came to Israel he found a traditional, priest-made Sab-bath, and he found the Jewish rulers watching sharply for violators of it, lest its violation should result in again bringing upon them the judgments of God, whereby they would lose their place and nation and be again taken into captivity. What should the Lord of the Sabbath do ? Should he rescue the Sabbath from beneath the traditional sabbath of the Pharisees, or should he leave it buried forever beneath that tyrannical institution? To rescue it he must violate the laws enacted to enforce the man-made sabbath, and consequently, rest under the charge of being a Sabbath-breaker, and of making the people Sabbath-breakers, and thereby inviting the judgments of God upon the nation. This he must do, and suffer all the consequences; for it was prophesied of him that " He will magnify the law, and make it honorable" (Isa. 42: 21); and no part of the law was more dishonored by traditional enactments than wasthe Sabbath. What He Did. What the Lord of the Sabbath did under these circumstances he would do to-day, and what he did his followers ought to do to-day. It is recorded in Mark 3, thatŠ He entered again into the synagogue ; and there was a man there which had a withered hand. And they watched him, whether he would heal him on the Sab-bath day; that they might accuse him. Here we have the Lord face to face with the issue. To refuse to heal the afflicted man would be to surrender the true Sabbath to the claims of the falSe sabbath. To heal the withered hand would be to subject himself to the charge of Sabbath-breaking, and en-danger his life. And he said unto the man which had the withered hand, Stand forth. And he said unto them, Is it law-ful -to do good on the Sabbath days, or to do evil ? to save life, or to kill ? But they held their peace. And when he had looked round about on them with anger, being grieved for the hardness of their hearts, he said unto the man, Stretch forth thine hand. And he stretched it out: and his hand was restored whole as the other. This tells what the Lord of the Sabbath-did; and the next verse tells what the defenders of the sabbath of tradition did:Š And the Pharisees went forth, and straightway took counsel with the Herodians against him, how they might destroy him. Repeated Attempts To Kill Him. The first account given by Mark of an at- tempt to " destroy " the Saviour is the one just quoted. The first recorded attempt to " destroy him," as given by Matthew, is on this same occasion, and for the same offense,Šviolating the traditional sabbath by healing contrary to law, and keeping the true Sabbath by healing the afflicted, and doing good on that day. The first attempt to kill him, as recorded in Luke, is at this same time and for the same reason,Šhealing the withered hand on the Sabbath day. The first attempt to " slay him," recorded by John, was occasioned by his violating the traditional sabbath of the Pharisees. It is found in the fifth chapter of John, and reads thus :Š And a certain man was there, which had an infirm-ity thirty and eight years. When Jesus saw him lie, and knew that he had been now a long time in that cast, he saith unto him, Wilt thou be made whole ? The impotent man answered him, Sir, I have no man, when the water is troubled, to put me into the pool; but while I am coming, another steppeth down before me. Jesus saith unto him, Arise, take up thy bed, and walk. And immediately the man was made whole, and took up his bed, and walked: and on the same day was the Sabbath. . . . And therefore did the Jews persecute Jesus, and sought to slay him, because he had done these things on the Sabbath day. Verses 5-9, 16. The first sending of officers to arrest him to put him to death was occasioned by another healing on the Sabbath, another honoring of the true Sabbath, and a disregarding of the false, traditional, unmerciful sabbath of the Pharisees; and is recorded in the seventh chap-ter of John, as follows:Š Did not Moses give you the law, and yet none of you keepeth the law ? Why go ye about to kill me ? . . . If a man on the Sabbath day receive circum- cision, that the law of Moses should not be broken ; are ye angry at me, because I have made a man every whit whole on the Sabbath day? . . Then they sought to take him: but no man laid hands on him, because his hour was not yet come. And many of the people believed on him, and said, When Christ cometh, will he do more miracles than these which this man hath done? The Pharisees heard that the people murmured such things concerning him ; and the Pharisees and the chief priests sent officers to take him. Verses 19, 23, 30-32. Again, in the ninth chapter it is recorded that when Jesus healed the blind man on the Sabbath day, the Jewish leaders declared in their rage, " This man is not of God, because he keepeth not the Sabbath day." Verse 16. His Faithfulness. Thus over and over again the Jewish leaders attempted to kill the Lord of the Sabbath be-cause he violated their sabbath regulations and did honor to the true Sabbath. But not-withstanding he knew that they were watch-ing him, and that every time he violated their sabbath laws he was endangering his life; still he persisted in doing that which was lawful on the Sabbath of the Lord, and that which was not lawful according to the sabbath laws of the Pharisees. From these repeated attempts to kill the model Sabbath-keeper as a Sabbath-breaker, it is plain that when they do kill him, what-ever may be the professed reasons, an impor-tant reason, if not the chief one, will be that he violated what they declared was true Sabbath-keeping; but which, in fact, was Sab-bath-breaking,Ša sabbath observance which they themselves had originated, and upon the keeping of which they rested the existence of their city and nation. In the eleventh chapter of John, it is re-corded that the Pharisees called a council and opened it thus:Š What do we ? for this man doeth many miracles. If we let him thus alone, all men will believe on 