20 SikiNTIEN.LJEA. VoL. 8, No. 3. evident that here, at last, were figures and figurers which did not lie. But the facts which Mr. Morgan set before them were no less startling to their self assurance, and touched their egotism even more keenly. He denied their right to speak for Eu-ropean Socialists whom they had quoted, and said that these men upheld the princi-ples enunciated by Jesus Christ,Š" prin-ciples " said he, " which you do not under-stand." An arraignment too bitterly, sadly true,Šand never more clearly dem-onstrated than by the deliverances of some who claimed to be his ambassadors, at these very hearings. This final session closed with a terse reply from both Mrs. Boyesen and Mrs. Washburne to strictures upon what they had said yesterday. Mrs. Boyesen had re-minded the ministers that anarchy was abroad already in this land, and they were not placating it or removing any of the grievances which goad those who carry the red flag, by closing the doors of the Expo-sition to them on Sunday, but quite the con-trary. To this, with a discourteous in-sincerity, quite unworthy of the credit of their cloth, they had raised the cry of " Anarchy !" Mrs. Boyesen gave them to understand that she had told them a truth, and if an unwelcome truth, they were welcome to make the most of it. This was the end,Šbut still the end is not yet. The Sunday-closing faction has visited, by appointed delegation, the Pres-ident, the Attorney-General and the So-licitor of the Treasury, with the purpose shown in this letter which has been sent to the President :Š To THE PRESIDENT: On behalf of millions of citi-zens who think that Sunday should be kept holy, and of many more millions of hand and head la-borers who think that Sunday should at least be a day of rest, we ask: That the transfer of souvenir coins provided for by the act of Congress, approved August 5, 1892, from the officers of the United States to the corporation known as the World's Co-lumbian Exposition be suspended until the owners (whoever they may be) of all the grounds included in the site upon which the Columbian Exposition buildings are erected, give their assent to the pro-vision for Sunday closing made by Congress in said act ; or until the question reported as mooted in the courts of Illinois by application for an injunction to enjoin the World's Columbian Exposition man-agement from closing the gates on Sunday, be le-gally determined in favor of such closing; or that, ' in view of the importance of the subject, in addi-tion to the legal opinion already given by the Solicitor of the Treasury, that the President obtain the opinion of the Attorney-General himself upon the whole subject as affected by the possible inter-vention of the courts, pending the giving of which opinion the transfer of souvenir coins to cease. Should the entire $2,500,000 be transferred to the managers of the Fair under the act of Congress and the gates then finally be opened, the sagacity and honor of the present administration would be so impugned that no attempt to cast the onus upon the courts would suffice to justify such a failure of the Executive Department of the Government of the United States to secure conformity with exist-ing law. On behalf of the General Committee, composed of the friends of Sunday closing. (Signed) ELLIOTT F. SHEPARD. CHARLES B. RAMSDELL. Another step in the progress of the matter is shown by this :Š Congressman John B. Robinson, of Pennsylvania, is preparing, and will introduce in the House, a res-olution calling for inquiry as to the closing of the World's Fair on Sunday. If it is found open the Attorney-General is instructed to proceed to re-cover money already paid under the Sunday clos-ing clause. The resolution is not yet drawn, but Mr. Robinson will introduce it as soon as prac-ticable. Most assuredly the end is not yet. W. H. M. Washington, D. C. " ALL force employed to compel con-science, is after Satan's own order." Sunday Laws in the United States. [We reprint the following article, written by Jas. T. Ring-gold, member of the Baltimore Bar and author of "The Law of Sunday," by permission of the publishers of the American Law Register and Review, of Philadelphia, a magazine which, under its new and able management is rapidly coming to the front among the leading periodicals of the country. The Reg-ister and Review now wisely deals with many questions of broad and general interest, besides paying due attention to topics of technical value to the legal profession.] THE constitutionality and the construc-tion of "Sunday laws" have been con-sidered by the courts of this country in nearly one thousand cases. So far as the mere weight of authority can settle any-thing, it is settled that such laws are valid under the Federal Constitution, and under the constitution of every State in which their validity has been contested. There are traces of a union of Church and State elsewhere in the body of Amer-ican law (as in statutes against blas-phemy, qualifications required of wit-nesses, etc.), but Sunday laws are by far the most conspicuous portion of this inheritance of ours from the English form of government. To say that Sunday laws represent a union of Church and State, and that the weight of authority sustains such laws in the United States, may sound to some like an impeachment of our judiciary, because the absolute separation of the two is com-monly regarded as an axiom of American politics. Yet both propositions are de-monstrable. The second, of course, is established by a mere counting of the cases. The read-ing of them is enough to establish the first. t Occasionally an objection is made to Sunday laws as interfering with the rights of property, etc. But in every case their constitutionality has been as-sailed, and in most cases it has been ex-clusively assailed on the ground that they are infringements of religious liberty. And not one of the judges who have sus-tained them on other than religious grounds has ever ventured the assertion that they are passed, or that their en-forcement is asked for, on any other ground than these. And a statute which is passed or the enforcement of which is asked for on religious grounds, represents a union of Church and State, pro tanto, no matter what other grounds the courts may allege for its enforcement. It is difficult to formulate a general statement in American constitutional law, outside of the Federal system, because the language of the State constitutions differs widely, and the language of the statutes on any particular subject is equally at variance. The force of this proposition is lessened, but it is by no means nullified, by the interesting fact discovered and noted by Mr. Stimson (see the preface to his invaluable "American Statute Law "), that there are in the Union " streams of legislation," that is to say, groups of States (of which he finds three, with some anomalies) whose legislation follows a uniform line, different from that followed by States of another group. One of Mr. Stimson's " streams of legislation " is followed by twenty-nine States, whose constitutions declare in t[Nurs ŠIn a book entitled, "Sunday: Legal aspects of the First day of the Week," by the present writer (Jersey City; Frederick D. Linn & Co.), an effort has been made to collect and classify all the cases a importance on the subject which have been decided in England and America to date (1891). In the following article, the intention is to cover the entire ground as thoroughly ae may be, but it has not been deemed necessary to cite many cases which simply go to the same point. Under each branch of the discussion the aim is to present a typical case, the ruling or dictum of which fairly represents the aver-age spirit of the cases of its class. So far as the writer knows, no argument has yet been presented in favor of Sunday laws which is not noticed here, and it has been his conscientious endeavor to give them all their best and strongest expression ] substance that no " preference " shall be given by law to one religious sect over another. If we admit that there is a like intent inspiring the somewhat diversified phraseology of the provisions for " reli-gious equality," etc., in States outside of this streamŠas we must admit, unless we are prepared to admit that a union of Church and State may be effected in such StatesŠthen we may frame this general statement regarding Sunday laws, as the result of the decisions to date : It is con-cluded that they would be invalid in any State, if they gave a " preference " to one religion over another, and it is denied that they give any such preference. The constitutionality of a statute may be regarded from two standpointsŠthat of its design, and that of its effect. " De-sign" here must not be confounded with " motive." The legislature may be in-fluenced by corrupt motives in the ac-complishment of a design within its constitutional authority. Nothing is better settled than that upon this con-sideration the court will never enter.* But suppose the legislature, by no means corruptly, but in all honesty and sin-cerity aims at the accomplishment of a design which it is forbidden by the con-stitution to accomplish. And let us strengthen the case by assuming that if the statute passed with such an aim is sustained by the courts, the result will be the accomplishment of the unconstitu-tional design. Are the courts justified in sustaining the statute merely because some other purpose is incidentally ef-fected, at which the legislature might constitutionally have aimed? Now religion concerns itself with two things, belief and conduct, and the dis-tinction between one religion and another is two-foldŠone requires a certain belief and certain conduct which the other forbids or does not require. Hence, it is not enough to say concerning the Sunday law : " What religion or religious creed or dogma is inculcated in that statute? Or what religion is prohibited? . . . Does it ask that any citizen shall believe in the God of the Bible or its teachings, or the doctrines of the Bible, the Koran or of Confucius, or the Talmud, or the Old or New Testament ? Certainly not " (Šbecause, though no religious creed or dogma be inculcated, yet a " preference " may be given by a statute to one religion over another by the mere regulation of conduct. And this preference is given whenever conduct is regulated on reli-gious grounds, according to the special prescription of any religious sect, or when the design of a statute is to punish an offense against religion as such. That Sunday laws do embody the prescription of a certain sect for the " observance " of that day is indisputable. Are they passed on religious grounds? Are they designed to punish offenses against reli- gion as such? Blackstone classifies them with the provisions against " apostasy," " heresy," " non-conformity," and the like, all of which things he calls, " Of-fenses against God and religion." This classification is followed in the " Codes " and Digests of Statutes of nearly every State and Territory in the Union. In dealing with the Sunday laws, the courts uniformly allude to them as pro- *Ex parte IllicCardle, 7 Wal. 506, 514; Doyle v. Continental Ins. Co., 94U. S., 535. tSundstroms' Case, 25 Tex. App. 133. See also Specht's Case, 8 Pa. St 325. t Bk. IV., ch. 4. 