676 AMERICAN SENTINEL. American $entinel. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 27, 1898. Look out for our "SPECIAL OFFER" next week. THE seeds of intolerance grow nat-urally everywhere in the soil of hu-man nature. This is why "eternal vigilance is the price of liberty." THE cases of arrest at Ford's Store, Md., for Sunday breaking, as noticed in last week's issue, will come.up for trial in the Circuit Court, November 7. Interesting developments are ex-pected. a recent decision in a London '(Eng.) court, it is established that English law holds parents responsi-ble for failure to provide medical aid for their young children in case of sickness. By neglecting to make such provision, even though the mo-tive be that of religious belief, the parents are held responsible under a charge of manslaughter. A STRONG sentiment is making it-self felt in favor of the annexation of Cuba to the United States, notwith-standing the assurance of Cuban in-dependence given by the Government. A reason for this sentiment can be perceived in the light of the fact that holders of Cuban property anticipate an immediate and marked rise in property values in the island in case of annexation. It is money that speaks first and loudest generally, these days. THE Baltimore Synod of the Pres-byterian Church, after a lively dis-cussion over the question of passing resolutions defining their view of the nation's policy of expansion, arrived at the very sensible conclusion that such matters were out of its province of action as a church body. As stated in the published report, "it was agreed that the Synod, being a  court of God, had no right to meddle with the questions of statesmen and statecraft; that as these questions were puzzling and perplexing the minds of the country's diplomats, they, as laborers in other spheres, were not competent to judge of them on other than moral grounds." THE populace of Vienna are re-ported to be in a state bordering on panic on account of a threatened outbreak of the "bubonic plague" in that city. Through the indiscre-tion of a physician who was making a study of the germs of the disease, he became inoculated, and with sev-eral of his attendants, succumbed to the disease; but not until they had exposed others to the infection. The disease seems to be extraordinarily contagious, and of a nature which baffles medical skill in its attempts at relief. It may be doubted, seem-ingly, whether science is really able to stand to-day between the human race and a terrible scourge of death such as those which swept over the civilized world in mediaeval times. THE Maine State Sunday school Association, in session recently at Skowhegan, passed resolutions mak-ing note of "the appalling increase of Sabbath breaking," and calling for the enforcement of the State Sun-day laws. It seems strange that in-telligent people will still try to sup-press "Sabbath breaking" by legal measures, in the face of the historical fact that such means have always failed to bring about the desired re-form. Moral reform by law has never succeeded, for it is impossible thatit should succeed. It is useless to erect legal barriers against the impure stream that flows from the evil heart. The stream, dammed up, will still find an outlet or burst its banks and cause worse ruin. The only remedy is in purifying the fountain head; and this cannot be done by the law, but by the gospel. NOTWITHSTANDING the czar's call and plea for international peace, there  is every prospect of an immediate outbreak of war involving three of the most formidable powers in Eu-rope, the czar's own nation being one of them. The cause of all the trouble is that England and France each want possession of a certain tract of land in the Soudan. Rather than give up what each claims as its rights in the matter, they are willing to waste hundreds of millions of dollars and sacrifice countless thousands of human lives, and bring untold suf-fering upon their people. This shows how much is really to be hoped for from the sentiment to which the czar appeals in behalf of peace. Every nation wants peace, of course; but each wants it not for the sake of peace itself, but because peace under ordinary circumstances is to its mon-etary or political advantage. When peace no longer subserves these ends the nation is ready to go to war. MR. CHOKER, a well-known charac-ter of this city, is acquiring no small notoriety as an honest politician. That is, he had the honesty to frankly state that because Justice Daly, of the State Supreme Court, would not allow "Tammany" to dic-tate his judicial conduct, "Tam-many" would not allow him to re-tain his official seat. "Justice Daly," Mr. Croker said, "was elected by Tammany Hall, after he was discov-ered by Tammany Hall, and Tam-many Hall had a right to expect proper consideration at his hands." Of course, every political party ex-pects "proper consideration" at the hands of the person it elects to office, and is ready to "turn down" the in-dividual who would choose to be guided by his own judgment rather than the party's will; but it is not political wisdom to make a frank statement of the fact as applying to one's own party. Mr. Croker is likely to discover the day after election that honesty and machine politics do not go well together. IT is harder to regain liberty than to retain it. 