.1;111P' ' Equal and exact justice to all meg, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas Jefferson. VOLUME 5. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 16, 1890. NUMBER 41. The American. Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE.  PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 Bozo) ST., NEW YORK. EnOred at the New York Post Office ns Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. Mc KEE. SAYS the Christian Statesman:Š The platform of the Prohibition, party, in Pennsyl-vania, retains the familiar pregnant acknowledg-ment of Almighty God as the source of all power and authority in civil government. It follows that should that party come into power it would attempt to define and to enforce the will of God, and herein lies the evil of such acknowledgment by parties and by governmentS. Every individual should not only ac-knowledge, but should yield allegiance to God for himself, and sliould do all that he can, by persuasion, to induce others to do the same, but political parties should do nothing of the kind for they are organized for the express purpose of administering the government, and as government is force, for a political party to make such an acknowledgment as that quoted above, is simply to avow the purpose to force upon all the people their interpretation of the will of God. God has not committed such power to men. A RECENT decision of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, holding that a barber who kept his shop open on Sunday iolated the statutes prohibiting all labor a the Lord's Day except works of neces- ity and charity, provoked the following comment by the editor of the Albany Times:Š Why the Ptiladelphia judges should hold that it is Sabbath breaking for a barber to 'shave a customer on Sunday, but not for the customer to shave himself,  is one of those queer things that none but Philadelphia lawyers could fathom. If the shaving be work and labor, why is it not equally work and labor if performed by an individual upon his own counte-nance ? And again, if Sunday shaving be work and labor, what is putting on one's coat or one's clean shirt to be called ? Is not the one as necessary to a decent ap-pearance at church service as the other? Does not a decent respect for the house of worship require a man to appear in it with a clean face, as well as in a clean collar and polished shoes ? And if the law will not allow the barber to shave his cheeks and chin, why does it permit his cook to prepare his dinner, his waitress to serve it up, and him to eat it ? Where does Sunday work and labor begin, and where does it end ? They Agree on the Main Point. WE have several times remarked that the only real difference between Romanists and Protestants on the educational ques-tion is, that the former want State aid in teaching Catholicism, while the latter want the State to pay for teaching Prot-estantism. We now propose to offer a little proof directly on this point. The Catholic Review, published in this city, is certainly a representative Catholic paper. In its issue of August 30, appeared an article, entitled, " Why Should Not the State Pay for Religious Instruction ? " in which strong ground was taken in favor of that very thing. The Review says:Š To make -a man truly moral you must reach his conscience, and the conscience can be effectually reached only by the powerful motives and sanctions Ł of religion which looks to the Author of conscience and recognizes the imperative obligation to obey Him. To bring those motives and sanctions to bear upon the life and conduct they must be enforced by definite, thorough and authoritative teaching of the doctrines and precepts of religion. . . . Banish God from your curriculum, or in any degree weaken the ligaments that bind the conscience to the throne of God, and by just, so much you let loose the unbridled passions of men, and introduce knavery, insubordination and every evil work.  Now, if religion be so essential an element in the formation of good moral citizens, why should the Government be so unwilling to encourage it in its system of education of the rising generation ? Why, evidently, the State ought to encourage it. It ought to hold out every inducement in its power and be willing to furnish every facility to the different religious bodies for making religion the foundation and informing spirit of their system of education. There is no mistaking the meaning of this language. It is a plea for State aid to parochial schools, for no Catholic would admit for a moment that the State can or ought to teach religion; the State should, however, pay the Church for teaching it, is the Catholic theory. And now let us turn to the Protestants and see what they say. In the Christian Statesman, of August 14, is an article, in which occurs this language :Š Beyond doubt the God of storms is angry. As a Nation we have forgotten him. . . . Him and his word we have ruled out largely from the sphere of Government. We have said, "We will not have this man to rule over us." This is the declaration of the fundamental law of our land, and the effects are to be seen in all the ramifications of our Gov-ernment. The secular theory of Government is at the bottom of most of America's woes. The Bible is ignored. It. cannot be taught in the schools where our youth, who are to manage governmental affairs, are trained. Many of these youth get no religious training at home or in any Sabbath school, therefore they grow up practically heathen ; unless they absorb some religion or religious convictions by social contact with good people, they will know but little about Christianity. The meaning of this is also unmistak-able ; it is that, as a Nation we ought to see to it that our youth receive religious instruction, and that that instruction should be imparted through the medium of the public schools. And herein is the dif-ference, and the only difference on this question between very many Protestants and the whole body of Roman Catholics, namely, the Protestants want the Protest-ant Bible and Protestant religion taught in the public schools, while the Catholics want the State to give them a portion of the school funds in order that they may the more easily maintain their own schools in which to teach the Roman Catholic religion. In either event the State would 