OCTOBER 29, 1896. A,An.:_rceALCALN SIENrICIINEDLA 33 CHRIST VS. RELIGIOUS LEGISLATION. BY R. C. PORTER. THE Church and the State were both or-dained of God. The Church was to teach the gospel and be the light of the world, while the State was commissioned to exercise au-thority in civil affairs. God is a God of order and not of confusion. He made no mistake when he called both of these organizations into being, and assigned to each its work. And he did not assign to both the same work. There was to be no occasion for coercion in accomplishing the work assigned to the Church, and in her commission she was au-thorized to use none. She was to present Jesus as the world's Redeemer and the sin-ner's only hope and say, Come! The power through which her work was to be performed was in Christ and not in the civil government. The weapons of her warfare were not to be carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds. The civil government was to use carnal weapons in the protection of those who acted civilly and in the administration of justice upon the uncivil. The judging of civil ques-tions has been committed to the hands of men in this life, and it is proper for them to sit in judgment upon such cases; but of relig-ious matters it was said, "Judge nothing be-fore the time, until the Lord come, who both will bring to light the hidden things of dark-ness, and will make manifest the counsels of the hearts; and then shall every man have praise of God." Paul was here speaking of the treatment the Christian Church was receiving at the hands of her persecutors on account of her faith in Christ. He further adds: "But with me it is a very small thing that I should be judged of you or of man's judg-ment: . . . But he that judgeth me is the Lord." Hence, judging in matters of religion before the Lord comes, who will judge the living and the dead at his appear-ing and his kingdom, is called by Paul judging before the time, and denounced as all oat of place for the civil government, and very wrong. Even Jesus told his disciples that if any one heard his words and believed not, he would. not judge him, but that the word which he had spoken should judge him in the last day. Certainly the disciple is not greater than his Lord, and if the Master would not judge those who did not accept his teaching, his followers are not authorized to judge and to imprison their fellowmen because they do not accept their religious views. We have many examples in the Scriptures where the civil government has legislated upon religion. But in the instances- given, Jesus has ever identified himself with those who were condemned because they would not sacrifice their conscientious convictions in re-ligious matters, in order to be in harmony with the State. With the three Hebrew worthies in the fiery furnace, there was seen the form of the fourth which was like the Son of God. He sent his angel and closed the lions' months when Daniel was condemned, and cast into their den on ac-count of his faith. In like manner he mani-fested himself to Paul and Silas, and to Peter, when they were imprisoned for preaching Jesus. The angel also tells them that they should ignore the command of the State in this and go right on preaching the gospel in its simplicity, though they were few in number and the State was legislating against  their religious beliefs. When Stephen was being stoned on account of his faith, and he cast his eyes about him to catch a glance from some sympathizing friend, he was greatly encouraged by seeing the heavens opened and beholding Jesus standing at the right hand of God. So now those who may see the power of the State arrayed against them because they follow the Master, keeping the commandments of God and the faith of Jesus, have the comforting assurance, " Lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world." As the Saviour said to Saul when he was persecuting the church, " Why persecutest thou me ?" so now he says to those who persecute his followers, " Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me." True religion never seeks to enforce its observance upon others. It seeks only vol-untary adherents. Enforced religion is always the result of apostasy. Let those who con-template lending their influence in support of religious legislation, beware lest haply they be found to fight against God. THE OBJECT AND STRENGTH OF THE CHRIS-TIAN CITIZENSHIP MOVEMENT. BY CHAS. E. BUELL. THE ministers who are organizing the so-called "Christian Citizenship" movement, which is a gigantic religious combination for giving direction to the votes of honest-hearted and unsuspecting members of Christian En- deavor societies and kindred organizations, led by ambitious and designing persons, would seem to have mistaken the voting strength of the churches. The thought that is born of the wish to force upon the people of this now free coun-try a condition of class legislation, in which the elective franchise, the right of the indiv-idual to vote, is to be conditioned upon a re-ligious test (and, as stated by an official, good citizenship will not be sufficient; but the voter must acquire standing under the test of "Christian Citizenship") is the first idea to be carried into complete form, to be made the basis of operations that are to follow. To get all the strength which is desired, a religious "Tammany Hall" is to be created, whereby the religious are to become the bal-ance of power, and, by throwing their strength to the highest bidder, to get in return the much-coveted legislation. This was the openly-avowed plan proposed by a speaker at the convention recently held at Plainfield, N. J. This coincides with what has been an- nounced by leaders of the movement in public addresses, or in official publications. The words of the president of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, in National Convention, in 1887, disclose how this organization would combine Church and State:Š The Woman's Christian Temperance Union, kcal, national and world-wide, has one organic thought, one all absorbing purpose, one undying enthusiasm, and that is, that Christ shall be this world's king; yea, verily, this world's king in its realm of cause and effectŠking of its courts, its camps, its com-merce, king of its colleges and its cloisters, king of its customs and constitutions. The kingdom of Christ must enter the realm of law [force] through the gate-way of politics. The " National Christian Citizenship League," in its organ, ,The Christian Citizen, published in Chicago, in March, 1896, stated  that the objects of the organization are three-fold : 1, To reveal Christ as the Saviour of the nation as well as of the individual; 2, To make Christian principles operative in public affairs; and 3, To unite the followers of Christ in aggressive action, etc. In fur-ther stating the objects of the organization it defines the purpose of its `aggressive action" as being: "To purify and elevate the elective franchise." This means to require that the individual shall be approved by some leading and acceptable Christian denomination in or-der to be a voter. From all that can be gathered from the statements of persons and publications offi-cially representing the so-called Christian Citizenship movement, under the name of Christian Endeavor societies, the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, the National Christian Citizenship League, and kindred organizations, designing persons hope to place religion in politics with the ultimate object of uniting Church and State. These are constantly speaking of this people as a "Christian nation," which might mean that, in contradistinction to its population being followers of Mahomet, they incline to the belief emanating from the Scripture teach-ings regarding the Messiah, and a general acceptance of the principle embodied in the "Golden Rule" enunciated by him. The statement might also mean that they consider that the majority of the voters of this country are enrolled members of religious organiza-tions which actually hold to the very belief which is entertained by members of the socie-ties which have been named, and will, with-out question, advance the project which the leaders have in hand. There would be grave doubts of the possi-bility of making a success of an attempt to reach the ends aimed at by friends of the "Christian Citizenship" movement, when viewed from a political standpoint; for, nu-merically considered, the church people are not in the ascendancy. When the United States Census was taken in 1890, the entire membership of all religious bodies, Jews, Catholics, Protestants, Mormons, Commun-ists, Theosophists, all, of whatsoever name or creed, was scarcely one-third of the population of the country. One-third of this membership would amply represent the proportion of adult males that are voters. Not less than one million were foreign born, and had not been naturalized in 1890; more than a hundred thousand Indians were counted as church members, but were not counted among the population; ten mil-lion of the population were negroes, while there were numerous organizations, orders, and societies that withhold from voting; these must be taken into full account before a cor-rect estimate can be made of the voting strength of the churches. More than all, the very members upon which the leaders rely will be divided when the hour comes for plac-ing a free people at the feet of zealots. The friends of "Christian Citizenship" who urge this as a "Christian nation" publish as facts that the 240,000 saloons which this coun-try supports, graduate 600,000 drunkards an-nually, and that the money annually devoted to intemperance exceeds the value of church property; and, while urging upon the atten-tion the great growth of denominations, they portray the immensity of the work that is to be done in converting the world outside of the so-called church. Although Scripture teaching is against force, against the use of civil law to promote religion, there is a constant effort to procure unjust and unnecessary legislation for relig-ions purposes, as can be shown in the numer- 