JUNE 28, 1894. Eta C IEI\T Ur I -Nib,1L., 203 the very time when these pretended Chris-tians were openly accused by the heathen with worshiping the sun, is strongly sug-gestive. FROM Rome there came now another addition to the sun-worshiping apostasy. The first Christians being mostly Jews, continued to celebrate the passover in remembrance of the death of Christ, the true passover; and this was continued among those who, from among the Gen-tiles, had turned to Christ. Accordingly, the celebration was always on the passover dayŠthe fourteenth of the first month. Rome, however, and from her all the West, a lopted the day of the sun as the day of this celebration. According to the Eastern custom, the celebration, being on the fourteenth day of the month, would of course fall on different days of the week as the years revolved. The rule of Rome was that the celebration must al-ways be on a SundayŠthe Sunday nearest to the fourteenth day of the first month of the Jewish year. And if the fourteenth day of that month should itself be a Sun-day, then the celebration was not to be held on that day, but upon the next Sun-day. One reason of this was not only to be as like the heathen as possible, but to be as unlike the Jews as possible: this, in order not only to facilitate the " conver-sion " of the heathen by conforming to their customs, but also by pandering to their spirit of contempt and hatred of the Jews. It was upon this point that the bishop of Rome made his first open attempt at absolutism. WE know not precisely when this began, but it was practiced in Rome as early as the time of Sixtus I., who was bishop of Rome A. D. 119-128. The practice was promoted by his successors, and Anicetus, who was bishop of Rome A. D. 157-168, " would neither conform to that [Eastern] custom himself, nor suffer any under his jurisdiction to conform to it, obliging them to celebrate that solemnity on the Sunday next following the fourteenth of the moon." * In A. D. 160, Polycarp, bishop of Ephesus, made a journey to Rome to consult with Anicetus about this question, though nothing special came of the consultation. Victor, who was bishop of Rome A. D. 192-202, likewise proposed to oblige only those under his jurisdiction to conform to the practice of Rome; but he asserted jurisdiction over all, and therefore presumed to command all. " Accordingly, after having taken the advice of some foreign bishops," says Moshiem, " he wrote an imperious letter to the Asiatic prelates, commanding them to imitate the example of the Western Christians with respect to the time of celebrating the festival of Easter. The Asiatics answered this lordly requisition by the pen of Polycrates, bishop of Ephe-sus, who declared in their name, with great spirit and resolution, that they would by no means depart, in this man-ner, from the custom handed down to them by their ancestors. Upon this the thunder of excommunication began to roar. Vic-tor, exasperated by this resolute answer of the Asiatic bishops, broke communion with them, pronounced them unworthy of the name of his brethren, and excluded them from all fellowship with the Church of Rome." Ł IN view of these things it will readily be * Bower's "History of the Popes," under "Pius" and "Anicetus." seen that between paganism and this kind of Christianity it soon became difficult to distinguish, and the third century only went to make any distinction still more difficult to be discerned. "The Christian State: a Political Vision." THE commencement exercises of the University of Nebraska were held June 13. The commencement oration was de-livered by Prof. George Herron, an Iowa minister and educator. The following is a synopsis of his address, as published in the Nebraska State Journal:Š At the suggestion of the honored chancellor of the university, I am to speak to you to-day of a new polit ical vision. I come to you conscious of the responsi-bility belonging to every word spoken upon such a subject, on this occasion and in these anxious days of social strain and political change. Because of my knowledge of how much greater are the hour and opportunity than the thoughts and powers of the speaker, what I shall say to you has been wrought out in deep trouble of spirit. But the sense of my own inadequacy has been lost in the faith that there would be present with us the Spirit of the reigning Christ, -whose subject I am, in whose name I speak, and to whose political wisdom and authority I am here to bear witness. For my political vision is the Christian State. The peoples are looking for a political order that shall associate men in justice. The old ways of political thinking and doing have exhausted themselves. The civilization of to-day is the camp of a vast unor-ganized and undisciplined army, without leaders and without method, yet perfectly conscious of some con-flict near at hand which shall issue in a new beginning of history. I do not fear to have our civilization full of trouble and complaint. I can conceive of nothing more fear-ful than to have the present order of things exist without discontent. The world is full of discontent, but it is the discontent of God with the degradation of men under the tyranny of material dominion. Society is moving quickly toward revolution, but it is revolu-tion from anarchy to order ; from industrial slavery to social freedom ; from political atheism to the king-dom of God. The revolution comes as the social creation of the world. It comes because men are learning at last through experience and suffering that the race is not an aggregation of individuals, but one body, one hu-manity, of which all individuals are members; that it is not natural, but violent, that these members should strive with each other for place and life in the body. The civilization that now builds upon the assumption that men are antagonists and not members of one social body is fundamentally anarchial. The most significant fact of modern life is the polit-ical faith in Christ that is rising from the  waking social consciousness of the world. With a divine instinctivoness, this consciousness is turning to the person of Jesus as the social ideal that can alone per-fectly satisfy man's social nature. The people be-lieve, though they cannot define their belief, that the real Jesus is the one human life perfectly socialized. There is not a school of religion or politics that will not to-day agree that the teachings of Jesus, if actu-ally received and practiced as the spirit of human actions and institutions, would procure that perfect justice which would secure perfect peace. The one universal fact of human history is that humanity is conscious of a quality of right, potential within, which finds its perfect development and incarnation in the moral nature and person of Jesus. MUST BECOME CHRISTIAN. The State must become Christian if it is to be the organ of the social unity which is the present search and determination of the peoples, and which it is the true mission of the State to accomplish. I see nothing strange or unreasonable about the proposal to make the mind of Christ the mind of our legislation. If such a mind as Christ's can inspire and direct the whole action of one man, it is not im-possible or incomprehensible that such a man should inspire men collectively or politically. It does not seem mystical to me to believe that the mind of Christ shall become the creative spirit of political action and express itself in the statutes of the State. I believe that the kingdom of God is to be realized in the State rather than in the Church, and that it will be politi-cally rather than ecclesiastically organized. I look for a movement that shall be a great political revival of the righteousness of Christ, a movement that shall have no other purpose than the translation of the mind of Christ into the Constitution and legislation of the nation, and the making of his mind the national political sense, Such a Movement would not begin  with a declaration of independence and would raise no cry for rights. It would begin with a confession of the mutual dependence of all men, and issue a sacred call for the fellowship of sacrifice. Associa-tion, not individual liberty, would be the movement's watchword and hope of glory. It might be among the despised things of the world in its beginning, but it would fulfill the apostle's vision of the mighty Michael and his host of warrior angels casting out the great dragon which symbolized the worship of mate-rial forces. With the inspired leadership of men who would love not their life unto death, it would conquer the nation and begin the Christian State which would be the political realization upon the earth of the divine government of the world which Jesus disclosed. For Jesus is the real King of America, though the reli-gions Pharisees and political Saddueees say that we have no king, but the majority. First, the Christian State will be the organized democracy of the people. Nothing can be more pre-sumptuous than the literature which treats of the triumph or failure of democracy. As yet democracy can scarcely be said to be tried. CORPORATIONS CONTROL. We Americans are not a democratic people. We do not select the representatives we elect; we do not make our own laws; we do not govern ourselves. Our political parties are controlled by private, close political corporations that exist as parasites upon the body politic and give us the most humiliating and de-grading despotism in political history. Our legislation is determined by a vast system of lobby. We are anything but democratically governed. Our American Senate is seriously reminding us of the court of Louis XVI. The people of America to-day do not know how to utter their true political word and are no longer able to express their true political faith through their institutions. In a pure democracy the people will be their own legislators and make their own laws directly without any intermediary legislative institution. There will be institutions to receive and enforce the legislation of the people. But representative legislation and repre-sentative government are as distinctly two forms of government as the absolute and the limited monarchy. There can be no true democracy with representative legislation. And representative legislation has ac-complished the beginning of its own doom. There have been few important measures before our State or national legislature during the past decade which could not have been decided with intelligence and character, with thoroughness and promptness wholly beyond the moral or intellectual comprehension of the representatives chosen to legislate on the people's be-half. Not the centralization but the diffusion of power is the lesson of history and the safety of the present. COMPETITION MEANS SLAVERY. Second, the Christian State will be the organized economy of the people. Political freedom can realize itself only through industrial freedom. In the sphere of production and distribution is the common life fulfilled. The government of the future will be mainly concerned with the social being and industrial relations of the people. Unless democracy will retreat from the field it must take possession of the industrial world. Neither Christianity nor democracy can be fulfilled or make much further progress except through the association of men in economic commonwealth. Industrial freedom through economic association is the condition of the realization of both democracy and Christianity. The condition of competition is abso-lutely inconsistent with the Christian ethics. Either the principle of competition must come to an end or Christianity will come to an end. Competition can never give anything but tyranny and slavery. The Christian State alone can be the organ of a democracy of industrial peace and social justice; the organ of an economic conservation and development of the natural resources which the whole people have received as a gift and trust from God; the organ of an economic distribution and exchange of the productions of the people. NO JUSTICE IN COURTS. Third, the Christian State will be the organized law of the people. I use the term law in its most comprehensive sense. Probably not since the Roman age into which Christ came has such attention been given to statute making and judicial decision as by our own nation at this time. The judgments of the law are not now the justice of the people, nor their education in life. Our courts do not impress the common spirit with the moral majesty and holy nature of the law. We know, and no legal sophistry can conceal, that one's standing in legal judgment depends upon the material or political interests he represents and his ability to purchase technical skill. Somehow, whether we like to have it said or not, the enactments and decisions of law have become instruments in the hands of the cunning and powerful to exploit and op-press the ignorant and weak. There is no likeness between the Christian ideal and that of the anarchist, as Christians sometimes foolishly 