66 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Now in none of this did Jesus for a moment convey the impression to the guilty one, nor to her accusers, nor to anybody else; that He either justified or excused what she had done. -What she had done was wrong. It was a serious criminal offense. None knew this to its depths better than He. And knowing this, at the same time He showed to the Pharisaical accusers then and now and for all time, that their way of dealing with such people is not the Christian way. Again, when his disciples decided that because they were his disciples, they were just so much better qualified than all others to hold the offices and exercise authority in the kingdom which they desired to have Him establish then upon the earth, He said to them: "Ye know that they which are accounted to rule over the Gentiles, exer-cise lordship over them; and their great ones exercise authority upon them. BUT SO SHALL IT NOT BE AMONG YOU: but whosoever will be great among you, shall be your minister; and whosoever of you will be the chiefest, shall be servant of all. Even as the Son of man came not to be ministered unto, but to minister, and to give His life a ransomŁ for many." "I am among you as He that serveth." So it was in all the life of Christ on earth. At a time when there were greater evils in government and in soci-ety than had ever been survived, he never did himself, nor ever hinted that his disciples should, attempt to re-form government or society, by any kind of political working, nor by any kind of governmental means. He ever in word and act kept himself far aloof from any Sug-gestion of anything of the kind: and so did his disciples in the infancy and purity of the gospel as He left it upon the earth to be preached by them. Yet on the other hand he freely employed and poured out to employ his disciples, "All power in heaven and in earth" to the individual to cleanse the heart from all sin and purify the life from all evil, in "every one that believ-eth," from the leper in the fields to the king in his royal robes, from the slave in his stable and the prisoner in the dungeon to the emperor at the pinnacle of human greatness. This was Christ and His Christianity then; and this alone is Christ and His Christianity forevermOre. Such were the principles maintained, the methods and the power employed, by the Lord Jesus when he the true Christian and the true Reformer was at work on earth for the.world; and such alone are the principles that can be maintained, the methods and the power employed, by true Christians and true reformers unto the world's end. Now if. the Christian Endeavor Societies, the Christian Citizenship Leagues, the Christian Temperance Unions, and all kindred "Christian" organizations who have set themselves by political methods and governmentalpower so to reform the world that "Christ shall be enthroned in every town and city and State," and "shall reign su-preme on Capitol Hill"Šif, we say, all these professed Christian bodies really believe that,  the principles' and  methods of Christ were the correct one a toŁ effect true reform, why do not they adapt these and hold strictly to them ? If on the other hand they think that His principles and methods are now antiquated, that they are not adapted to present conditions, how then can they believe in Him as a living present Person in all affairs, anymore than any other reformer of antiquity? There are very few people who will not allow that Christ was a reformer for His day, and that His work was adapted to the conditions then existing, just as they allow so far the claims of other men who have sought to benefit their people. They will allow, too, that He and His work just as that of others may be looked upon as a good example; but that he is a present living Person and ,power for all time, and without whom all effort at true reform must fail, they will not allow. Such a belief about Jesus, however, is far from being Chris-tianity. To believe that Jesus Christ is the Reformer for all time; that the principles held, the methods and the power employed by Him, are adapted to all conditions of the human race; and that in the application of these identical principles, and the employment of these meth-ods and this power, He is an ever-present living Person Šthis is to believe in Him as the true Reformer. Such a belief in Jesus is Christianity. -0-4 -4- Christianity and Civilization. TEE Christian Endeavorers, the Christian Citizenship League, the National ReformersŠthe combined churches generallyŠdistinctly announce it to be their great pur-pose to "regenerate the city," to "redeem the State," to "save the nation." This in order to preserve for the world the benefits of the highest state of civiliza-tion, which in turn shall redound to the glory of the Church. To accomplish these great things they declare that the Church must direct the primaries, control the caucus, and have general supervision of all the interests of State and nation; because Christians are best of all qualified 'to know what is for the true interests of the State, of the nation, and of civilization. Therefore they count the primary as important to the Christian as is the prayer-meeting; to go to the,  olls as much an act of worship as to go to the Lord's supper; the ballot as much a symbol of Christian standing as baptism. They argue that the Church is certainly in the world for good; she is to influence people, States and nations, for good. But if she is to keep herself separate from the State, and her work apart from the work and workings of the State, then how shall she fulfill her mission for good in the world? Then at the rate at which corrup-tion is pervading the government of cities, States, and the nation, what -will become of our civilization? And 