386 SIENT9PIENTEILde VoL. 8, No. 49. panionship in a mutual attack on the same fold. JUST how all will be accomplished that must be done no man can know; but one can see both by the prediction of prophecy and the light which the evidences of his-tory throw on the probabilities of the fu-ture, that these strange things will be consummated. Just how quickly all that is to be, will be brought about, cannot be known by any man, but every intelligent observer of the progress of events must conclude, that it need not necessarily be long, and every one who accepts the, word of Scripture,and sees with the eye of faith, knows that the time is near, "even at the door." W. H. M. A Burlesque on the Giving of Thanks. THE State of Massachusetts has an annual "fast day," proclaimed by the governor in the springtime, with a recom-mendation that the people assemble in their respective places of worship, etc., etc. But while the day is called a fast," it is nothing of the kind; it is, rather, a day of feasting and general rejoicing. Last spring the Boston Post suggested that the language of the gubernatorial proclamation ought to be changed to some-thing like the following :Š In accordance with the new adaptation of an old custom, let the people cease from their labors and devote themselves to those cheerful and exuberant pastimes which the opening springtime and the expanding tastes of society invite. Let the sport-ing organizations of every character improve the day to come forth in imposing array and inaugu-rate their respective campaigns for the season. Let the bicycle clubs form for inspection and pre-liminary practice and the ball tossers unlimber for the glorious contests in which they will be called upon to engage. Let the lawn tennis net be drawn, and the lacrosse and polo organizations take their reckonings. Let the courses for fox and hounds be resurveyed, the hurdles be restored, and the tracks placed in order. Let all the people prepare for the season of sport on sea and on land that is soon to engage their best trained and most earnest activi-ties. This indicates the manner in which the day is spent; but it is not one whit more true of the so-called " fast " day in Massa-chusetts than it is of Thanksgiving day all over the United States. The President and the several governors call upon the people to " lay aside all secular affairs," etc., and to " assemble in their respective places of worship," etc., and "unitedly give thanks," etc., etc. But by the vast majority the day is not devoted to any such purpose. A few worship, but the masses play; and all make more substan-tial offerings to the god spoken of in Phil. 3 :19, than they do to the God of heaven. Like the Massachusetts " fast," the na-tional " thanksgiving" is a burlesque on the worship of God. It is an almost universal custom among Protestants to hold prayer meetings Wednesday evening. What would be thought of a church which, while drop-ping the feature of the meeting from which it takes its name, should, every Wednesday evening, hold a festival in-stead, but still retain the name, " prayer-meeting;" the pastor gravely announcing every Sunday, "Prayer-meeting as usual next Wednesday evening : let all come in the true spirit of devotion, prepared to unitedly supplicate the Divine favor ; " but knowing full well that the only reli-gious service on the occasion would be a single perfunctory invocation or a sensa-tional address by a young member with a burning desire to establish a reputation for  brilliancy, and that all the evening would be devoted to festivities of at least doubt-ful Christian proprietyŠwhat, we ask, would be thought of such a church and of such a minister ? But that is virtually what the State of Massachusetts does every year by her governor, and what the whole United States does by the President. A day is with mock reverence- set apart by public proclamation to a purpose to which it will not be devoted; and with a show of piety which they probably do not possess, and in many cases do not profess to possess, the chief executives of the States and of the Nation call the people to a reli-gious service which they know not one in a thousand will render. Is it not time, that for the credit of true religion, the pro-claiming of fasts and thanksgivings be left with the churches where it properly belongs ? And if we must have the an-nual holiday known as Thanksgiving, let it be called by some other name and be shorn of the mock religious garb in which it has hitherto been clothed, and let it stand forth in its true character as a day sacred to the American stomach. C. P. B. Christ and the Sabbath.* THERE is at present a widespread agita-tion over the Sabbath question. For nearly half a century the attention of the.  public has been called to this subject by the teaching of those who observe the seventh day of the week, but a growing tendency to religious legislation in recent years, and especially the efforts to enforce Sunday keeping by pains and penalties, have done more than anything else to make this topic a living issue of the day. It is therefore important to understand the real nature of the institution in behalf of which the State is so strongly urged to legislate. When its real character is un-derstood, it will be apparent that it is a purely spiritual thing, with which civil government can properly have nothing whatever to do. The conception of a " civil Sabbath," or " the civil side of the Sabbath," is a recent invention, adopted under the stress of the situation, in order to open the door for Sunday laws. The State cannot recognize any distinction in days without committing itself to a course of action whose logical result is persecu-tion. This is the danger of the present hour, and every one ought to know it. God, the Father, is the source of all things; Christ, the Son, is the agent in all things. Christ is the one through whom God is manifested to the world. "Yet to us there is one God, the Father, of whom are all things, and we unto him; and one Lord, Jesus Christ, through whom are all things, and we through him." 1 Cor. 8: 6, Revised Version. The meaning of the text is very broad, extending to this, that all communication, of every kind and nature, and every manifestation of God, to this world, in any way, has been through , Jesus Christ, through whom are all things, and that in the fullest and broadest sense. God has never manifested himself in person, but always in the person of his Son, and through his Son he speaks to us. Every particular of the plan of salvation is wrought out through his Son. We have this statement of Christ when he was here upon the earth: "All things are de-livered unto me of my Father; and no man knoweth the Son, but the Father; *From No. 14, of the Religious Liberty Library, by Prof. W. W. Prescott. neither knoweth any man the Father, save the Son, and he to whomsoever the Son will reveal him." Matt. 11 : 27. That is, the only way to know God is in and through Jesus Christ. It is through Christ that all revelation of God comes to us. This is illustrated in that experience of Jacob when he dreamed and saw a ladder, the bottom of it resting upon the earth, and the top reaching to heaven, and angels of God ascending and descending upon it. It was with reference to this that Christ spoke, as recorded in the first chapter of John, the fifty-first verse : " And he saith unto him, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Hereafter ye shall see heaven open, and the angels of God ascending and descending upon the Son of Man." Of the angels it is said, "Are they not all ministering spirits, sent forth to minister for them who shall be heirs of salvation?" But Christ is primarily the means of communication. He unites earth with heaven. And it is through a knowl-edge of Christ that we come to know God. It is God as revealed in. Christ whom we are to learn. It is evident from the Scripture that there has never been any change in this plan. " There is none other name under heaven given among men whereby we must be saved." And it has always been so. Christ is not only now the revelation of God to man, but he has always been the same. Christ is not only now the agent through whom God works in this world, but he has always been the agent. It is through faith in Jesus Christ that we are saved now; it has always been so. Whoever is redeemed from this earth is redeemed because of his faith in the merits of Jesus Christ, and that whether it be the first generation or the last. Read the record of faith, in the eleventh chapter of Hebrews: "By faith Abel," "by faith Noah," "by faith Abraham," and time would fail to tell of all the other worthies who wrought everything through faith. The only one revealed to us in the Scrip-ture in whom we can have faith is Jesus Christ, who is spoken of as the Author and Finisher of our faith. So from first to last it has been faith-in Jesus Christ. It makes no difference in the general plan of salvation at what particular point of time Jesus Christ was manifested in the flesh. If he had been manifested in the first generation, it would have been the same. If he were not manifested until the last generation, it would be the same. When God gave his Son to die, the efficacy of that promise and gift was just the same as after he had actually come to this earth and died. It was always faith in the Lord Jesus Christ. Before his first advent there were certain ordinances introduced which were to be as symbols, occupying the same place and serving the same pur-pose as the ordinances of the Church at the present time. With reference to these ordinances it is declared : " For as often as ye eat this bread, and drink this cup, ye do show the Lord's death till he come." 1 Cor. 11 : 26. And as often as they offered the sacrifices provided, as often as they performed any of those ceremonies in that time, it was always to show the Lord's death, because that was the central point. The Saviour was promised in the begin-ning, and there was just as much efficacy in that promise to save as in any promise of God at this time. The only difference has been that, as time went on, more clearly were the purposes of God in Christ revealed, more fully were the plans of 