96 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, VoL. 6, No. 12. Ł NEW YORK, MARCH 19, 1891. Nars.--Any-one receiving, the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE Western Herald, an Iowa paper; says : " The movement for Sunday observ-ance is contrary to the spirit of the Con-stitution and opposed to the teachings of the Saviour." THE American Sabbath, is the name of the new official organ of the American Sabbath Union. It is to be published un-der the direction of the Union, at No. 23 Park Row, New York, in March, June, September, and December. THE attempt to reduce the age of con-sent, in this State, from sixteen years to twelve years, should damn politically every member of the Legislature who favors, it. That any member could be found to introduce such a measure is a disgrace to our civilization. The bill is in the interest of brothel keepers and lib-ertines. Every honest man and woman should cry out against this proposed ch nge in the law. THE Caledonia Advertiser is authority for the-  statement that the Baptist, Pres-byterian, and 'Methodist Churches, of 'Al-bion, this. State, recently refused the use of their church buildings to the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, upon, the ground that it was simply a political-or-ganization. The Advertiser defends the action of the. churches, and expresses the opinion that the use of a church by the Union for political purposes could be jus-tified only by sentimental reasons. AT a recent Sunday-law meeting in Tacoma, Wash., Rev. B. S. McLafferty is reported by-the Ledger to have said :Š We do not ask legislation for the religious Sab-bath. We don't want to make men religious by legislation. But no holiday can continue in exist-ence withotit law. Without it, every man would keephiS oWn holiday, and no holiday would result. It is impossible to maintain the civil Sabbath, like any other holiday, without laws. Take down the barriers and how long would it be before some employer, finding it profitable to have his men work seven days in the week, would press in his em-ployees to work on that day ? Others would follow, and little by little the laboring man would lose his Sabbath. This the laborer,. more than_ any other class, can not afford. Such talk does not rise above the dignity of twaddle. Secular work is not forbidden on civil holidays. On a holiday every  -man can work or not, just as he chooses. On the so-called:-" civil" Sabbath men are forbidden to work. Nobody, except those who are pleading for a " civil Sabbath," would object to a law making Sunday a legal holiday in the same sense as the Fourth of July, and the Twenty-second of February. But that is not what they-are -asking for, and not what they mean to have. A CORRESPONDENT of the Sacramento Record- Union indignantly denies the charge of the Sunday-law advocates that California is the most immoral State in the Union. And not only does he deny the charge but he refutes it with words from the mouths of the very ones who make it. But considering the nature of the whole Sunday-law movement, it is not a matter of surprise that its promoters think it legitimate to do evil that good may come. The whole thing is Jesuitical, and why should its methods not be so too? MR. CRAFTS, who has patted himself upon the back not a little for his liberality in conceding the expediency of exempting from the operations of Sunday laws com-mon labor by those who observe a day . other than Sunday, appeared recently be-fore a committee of the Pennsylvania Legislature to plead for the preseryation intact of the old Sunday law of that State, under which Seventh-day Baptists have repeatedly suffered persecution for con-science' sake. He - is in favor of mild Sunday laws only when he thinks it im-possible to get the ironclad sort: A CALIFORNIA paper says :Š During the public hearing on the Sunday-law question in the Senate Chamber, on` the 11th ult.; Senator Carpenter, of Los Angeles, put this pointed question to Rev. Dr. Thompson, " You have been rep-resenting all along that this bill is in behalf of the laboring men ; now; sir, I want to know which one of the many labor organizations have petitioned for a Sunday law ? " The Doctor had to admit that he knew of none. . The fact is that the demand for Sunday laws comes from the churches and from church people, and it is made -solely be-cause Sunday is a religious institution. This fact should be kept before the people. THe American Secular Union announces that the .$1,090 prize offered .by them, about a year since, has been awarded to Nicholas Paine Gilman, A. M., Editor of the Literary World, Boston, and Edward Payson Jackson, A. M., Professor of Phys-ical Science in the celebrated Latin School of Boston. The prize was Offered for the best essay, treatise, or manual adapted- to aid and assist teachers in our free public schools, and in the Girard College for orphans,- and other public and charitable institutions professing to be unsectarian, to thoroughly instruct children and youth in the purest principles of morality, without inculcating religious doctrines; thtis recognizing the legal right, tinder. our Federal Constitution, of all our citizens, Jews and Gentiles, Catholics and  Protestants, Liberals and Agnostics, and all other classes, whether believers or disbelievers, to have their ,children instructed in all the branches of a common secular education, in our State schools, without having their tender minds biased for or against any sect or party whatever. The circular of the Union announcing. the award of the prize says that the committee decided that no one manuscript pre-sented, fully met the conditions of the offer, but that two of them together did, clearly showing that morality can be taught without teaching theo-logy, and how to do it. The $1,000 prize was ordered to be equally divided between two gentlemen. They have accepted the award, and the essays will be published in one volume. It is further stated that the book will appear about September 1, 1891. We still feel, as we stated more than a year ago, considerable interest in this matter; our interest is, however, principally one of curiosity. We want to know how they propose to give the required instruction according to the stipulated conditions. THE Paragraph and the Dial, two weekly papers, of Oakland, California, having out-grown that city, have removed across the bay to San Francisco, where they are now issued seven times a week, as The Daily Sun. We are glad to note this evidence of prosperity, and The Daily Sun com- pany has our best wishes for continued prosperity. We reproduce the following from the "-Platform " of -the new daily :Š The Daily Sun is the open enemy of all forms of fanaticism which seek to enact Sunday or " Sab-bath rest " laws. We hold that all such attempts to enforce religion by law are contrary to the Dec-laration of Independence and to the Constitution of the United stateg. We believe that most people do not realize the dangerous extent to which the Sunday-law move-ment has already gone in this country. We shall discuss the subject fully as new movements arise. Blackmail and libel we hold to be grave offenses. 'No newspaper has any right to malign private citi-zens or abuse public officers. No end should be sought in any other direction than along the line of,  truth. The shortcomings of citizens should not be held up to'ridicule, or made public, except, for the general welfare, in rare cases. Hypocrisy in public or semi-public places is a dangerous vice, which every good citizen and good newspaper ought to expose. Such exposures may be made without violating the rights of citizens, for hypocrites have no rights which decent people are bound to respect. If the Sun adheres to these principles it will certainly fill a long-felt want in Cali- fornia, and we believe that it will redeem its promise. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the  United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and Ł religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church. and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1 00 In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - Is. Address, -AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street. New York. 