466 AMERICAN SENTINEL. The principles of the Declaration and the Constitu-tionŠthe principles of free governmentŠare fixed and unchangeable. Our forefathers did not originate them; the Declaration and the Constitution did not give them. being; they, on the contrary, gave being to those great American documents. Those principles are eternal, and since time began have been worthy the homage and fealty of mankind. Such they have been and such they will be while time endures. Political parties, on the other hand, are constantly changing; and if loyalty to the Government meant loy-alty to the party in power, it would be a very unstable thing. But true loyalty must be as fixed as are the principles to which it adheres. In true loyalty to the Government, therefore, there is nothing distinctively political; and when we are ac-cused of taking sides in politics by adhering to American principles of government against the policy of the party in power, the charge is without foundation. On the contrary, if we said nothing when the principles of free government were repudiated, but adhered to the party in power, to show our loyalty and avoid getting into politics, by that very thing we would get into politics beyond any mistake, and be obliged to defend our course of action on political grounds. The AMERICAN SENTINEL is not, and does not intend to be, in politics; and the only way for it to keep out of politics is to adhere firmly and plainly to those principles of justice and right govern-ment which existed before politics were ever heard of, and will exist when political parties shall have passed forever. Right Thought On the Lord's Day. THE Presbyterians hold the lead in the membership of the Christian Endeavor societies. The Interior is the Presbyterian paper published in Chicago. This paper publishes weekly lessons for the Christian Endeavorers. The lesson for them the week beginning July 23, 1899, was "Honoring the Lord's Day." By the term "Lord's Day" in this lesson the Interior means Sunday. And Sunday, the calendar of this very lesson, shows to be the first day of the week. The first instruction of the lesson is on "The Origin of the Lord's Day." And the first two sentences of this instruction are as follows:Š "The origin of the day is significant, and is an edu-cation in itself. The fact that God rested on the sev-enth day, that he hallowed it, that his example ought to be incentive, is the very beginning of right thought on the subject." Yes, that is the very beginning of right thought on the subject. And what has it, or what can it possibly have, to do with the first day of the week? As this les-son instruction says, God rested on the seventh day and hallowed it. But the seventh day is not the first day of Ł the week. How much right thought is there in citing-God's resting and hallowing the seventh day, as incen-tive to people's observing as a rest day the first day of the week? And when the Word of God says that God rested the seventh day, and that he hallowed it; and when the writer of that lesson knows this so well as to repeat the very expressions of the Lord's word, then how much right thought is there in the writer's taking-what the Lord has said of the seventh day and applying it all to the first day, just as though it had all been originally said of the first day or as though the first day were the seventh day? No; the Word of God says that he rested the seventh day; that he blessed the seventh day; and that the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God; and no right thinking can ever find the first day, or any other than the seventh day, to be the rest day after the example and incentive of the Lord. More than this: Where can there be any right thought in thinking that Sunday is the Lord's day, or that the single expression "Lord's day" in the Bible (Rev. 1:10) can have any reference to the first day of the week, or Sunday? The Lord calls the Sabbath "my holy day," "the Sabbath of the Lord": and that shows that the Sabbath is the Lord's day. And "the seventh day is the Sabbath": and this shows in turn that the seventh day is the Lord's day. To present this a little more forcibly, if need be, we set it down here in the form of premise and conclusion, thus:Š "The Son of man is Lord also of the Sabbath." Mark 2:28. "The seventh day is the Sabbath." Ex. 20:10. Therefore the Son of man is Lord of the seventh day. As surely as the Scripture is true so surely is that conclusion true. Then using that conclusion as a premise we can form the followingŠ The Son of man is Lord of the seventh day. The day of which he is Lord is the Lord's day. Therefore the seventh day is the Lord's day. With that conclusion again as a premise we have the following:Š The seventh day is the Lord's day. John says, "I was in the Spirit on the Lord's day." Rev. 1:16. Ł Therefore John was in the Spirit on the seventh day. The premises and conclusions in these formulae are all trueŠas true as Scripture, because they are simply the statements of Scripture in different forms. Of course the second and third are dependent upon the first; but both premises in the first formula are posi-tive statements of Scripture, and the conclusion is there-fore strictly according to Scripture. Therefore as surely as the Scripturelis true, so surely is it true that the Son 