110 A.,MVIELICA SI.N.11L'IINLAC.-4. VOL. 9, Igo. 14. school on the Sabbath. For this, one has already been called before the police court. He was kindly treated and given an opportunity to give the reasons for not sending his children. The judge imposed the lowest fine possible, two francs (about forty cents), and advised him to send his children to a private school. A report of the case appeared next day in the dailies. The leading one stated that, now that the difficulties with the Salvation Army are past, the waters are troubled by the Ad-ventists, who in their zeal refuse to sub-mit to the school-law by not sending their children to school on Saturday. The judge fined the man, and told him that the Bible was no more to be taken literally, but that he should go to the city officials to learn its meaning! To avoid difficulties, two families of our people have moved to the canton of Basel-land, where the school-law grants six half days of absence per month. As school holds only till Saturday noon, making but four half days' school on the Sabbath per month, our people can here readily avoid sending their children on the Sabbath, without infringing the law. But, to their surprise, they met the same difficulty here as elsewhere, the authorities refusing to excuse the children, holding that the law was not made for any such pur-pose. The parents were cited to appear before the city council. Brother Erzen-berger, the first called, was treated very disrespectfully, but he responded kindly, and gave them some solid truths to think about. The second called was treated more favorably. The brethren appealed first to the law of God, and secondly to the law of the canton. The cases have not yet been finally disposed of ; but the teach- ers show their in maltreating the children, in making fun of their religion before the school, and by whipping them with scarcely any pretext. In one of the Catholic cantons, a brother was fined six francs for Sunday work. He refused to pay the fine, and allowed the case to go up higher. Recently his case was heard before the district court of the canton, which confirmed the fine; it will next go to the supreme court of the canton, then to the supreme court of the federation, and lastly to the legislative assembly, in case the decision of the lower courts is not reversed before. Thus, at the present, five cases are pend-i vg,Štwo for Sunday work, and three for refusing to send children to school on the Sabbath. We can expect nothing else than serious difficulties; but we know that the Master, whose cause it is, can guide in all to his glory and the advancement of the truth.ŠH. P. Holser, in Review and Herald. Ł-Ł  Has Christ Become This World's King? THE religio-political portion of the "Wo-man's Christian Temperance Union, local, State, national, and world-wide, has one vital, organic thought, one all-absorbing purpose, one undying enthusiasm, and that is that Christ shall be this world's king; yea, verily, this world's king in its realm of cause and effect,Šking of its courts, its camps, its commerce, king of its colleges and cloisters, king of its cus-toms and constitutions. . . . The king-dom of Christ must enter the realm of law through the gateway of politics." Has not the desire of the union been realized ? perhaps not just as it expected, neither did Christ come the first time as the religious leaders expected, but he came  as the prophecy said he would, though because of their blindness and desire for self-aggrandizement they did not see the fullfilment of the prophecy; and so it is now. Has not the kingdom of Christ already entered through the gateway of politics and Christ become this world's king with his seat of government at Washington ? Bishop Coxe says truly that "the President is a citizen who comes and goes. He is a guest who tarries but a night. The vice-president has no official house in Washington. . . . The one irremovable potentate (Potentate,Š one who possesses great power; a prince; a sovereign; a kingŠWebster), is the Ro-man pontiff . . . and that as Queen Vic-toria by her viceroy reigns as empress in India, so henceforth Leo XIII. and his successors reign on the Potomac." Now, is not Leo " Christ's vicegerent " (substitute) on the earth ? and, as he is not ubiquitous, when he particularly takes possession of the United States ha sends his substitute. A late Catholic work says, " Surely God's plans are manifest. Amer-ica is the last and greatest of nations, and he means to possess her for himself." Paul, in speaking of the pope, says : " He as God sitteth in the temple of God, showing himself that he is God." 2 Thess. 2:4; and, as is well known, he and his followers do call him God. Now, if God, in the person of his earthly substitute, the pope, means to possess America for himself, and has, for that express purpose, sent Satolli as his substi-tute, another god or christ, to reign as the "one irremovable potentate" at Wash-ington, and as he has entered "through the gateway of politics (Bishop Coxe says the horse called in the rider, Satolli), has not the " all-absorbing purpose," the " undy-ing enthusiasm" of the Woman's Chris-tian Temperance Union been realized, and is not Christ(?) already enthroned at Washington as king, in the person of Satolli ? And surely, according to Bishop Coxe, his reception by the people was much more befitting a king than was that of the Babe of Bethlehem. And now it is in order for the Roman - Catholic - Na-tional - Reform - religio-political -Woman's Christian-Temperance-Union combination to go and worship their king, for Christ Jesus has said that "all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him whose names are not written in the book of life of the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world." Rev. 13:8. And whose names are not written there ? Jesus said, " Who-soever shall deny me before men, him will I also deny before my.Father which is in heaven," Matt, 10 : 33. On the memorable night of his betrayal he said to Pilate, "My kingdom is not of this world." And when, as is recorded in John 6: 15, the people would take him by force and make him king he departed from them. Have not those who declare that Christ " shall be this world's king " denied these words of his and tried by force to make him king, and by so doing been left to worship the beast according to the prophecy of Rev. 13 :8 ? And does not this " irremovable potentate " just as nearly represent the "Prince of Peace" as any that can ever come through the gate- way of politics ? R. B. BARKER. Hillsboro, Colo. " RELIGIOUS opinion cannot be fashioned by statute. Legislation, looking in that direction, can result only in making slaves and hypocrites." A Plea for Religious Liberty. [This article is from the Florida Baptist Witness, Ocala, Fla., February 7, 1894.] AN article in the Witness of January 3 is entitled to the commendation and grati-tude of all friends of religious liberty. It is styled, " Persecuting Adventists," and is an earnest and well-timed protest against the indictment and conviction recently, in the courts of Maryland, of certain Seventh-day Adventists for Sunday work. It is, as you say, an interference with the exer-cise of their religious liberties, such liber-ties as are specially and positively guar-anteed in both the Federal and State constitutions, under which the citizens live. It is an outrage that ought to elicit the most earnest protest from all pro-fessors of the Christian religion particu-larly. And this not because they are more interested personally than others, on the ground that if religious persecution is tolerated in one instance it may be in others, and only those who worship ac-cording to the State plan are exempt; but all professing Christians may plant their opposition on infinitely higher ground, however legitimate this may be. The religion they profess, the religion of the Lord Jesus, is a religion of love, and not one of hatred and force, or one of persecu-tion. It is founded upon the sacred edicts, " Do unto others as you would have them do unto you," and " Love thy neighbor as thyself." We know that there can be none of this in the law nor in those who would enforce it, who would settle the differences of opinion that prevail upon the Sabbath or any other religious ques-tion, by fines and imprisonment. Why not settle the question of the mode of bap-tism by the same arbitrament ? Our Methodist brethren think it a great offense to public decency to immerse, and there is as much civil reason in their view of the case to have this mooted question of reli-gious import settled by legislative enact-ment as there is in favor of a Sabbath or Sunday law. . . . Let us rise up as one man against this thing. Our religious liberties are at issue in the matter. The religion we profess calls for protest against so unchristian and inhuman a thing. But our protest is not confined to Maryland. A case of the same kind is now pending before the Supreme Court of Tennessee, and two men are soon to be tried at Gainesville, Ga., for the same offense. Is the proud escutcheon of our liberty-loving country to be thus dis-figured and dishonored ? Before Christians consent to this wicked thingŠsurely none doubt that religious persecution of any sort is wickedŠlet them be fully convinced that where the civil power is thus invoked, to interfere in matters of conscience or religious convic-tion, that there is Bible authority for the thing they would set up by its exercise. The opinion is here ventured that no ad-vocate of Sunday holiness can be found to debate with any Sabbath-keeper as to which is the day. The writer, though not at all in sympathy with seventh-day Christians in any of their tenets, would not shirk a meeting with any Sunday advocate as to any sort of holiness belong-ing to that day. The condition of things in Georgia is fearful to contemplate. The two Advent-ists to be tried are almost sure, if con-victed, to be sentenced to work in the chain-gang on the public highways. When it comes to working on Saturday, their 