AMERICAN SENTINEL. 71 is the son of a Protestant, is registered as holder of a vote in the national church of his canton, without his having made any application. The Church and the Prot-estant iiart.of the nation are thus one." "But the endowment of Protestant religion by the State has very great inconveniences. The political gov-ernment interferes from time to time in religious matters, pretends to enforce its own will, and wounds the feelings of believers. This happened in the cantons of Vaud and Neuchatel. . . In the year 1847 the Bernese govern- ment called a disciple of Baur, Dr. Zeller, as professor of theology, without regard to the feelings of the clergy, of the theological faculty, and of a considerable'part of the flock. Several members of the church having drawn a protest against such a call, they were comparatively heavily fined by the courts of justice. Later on the same government appointed as teacher of religion in the sem-inary of teachers, a man who clearly denied the person-ality of God, the revelation, inspiration, and authority-of Scriptures, and the authenticity and historicity of many books of the Bible." "To mix.up the political.citizenship with the member-ship of the church, has thus some most unhappy con-sequences, Political powers are allowed to have too great an influence in the church, and this is dangerous. Political and social feelings have then a part in elec-tions, and a majority of votes is often made up by unbe-lievers." "No personal assent whatever being asked of the members of the church, they are inclined to forget their responsibility. As the State .sustains the Church, it is expected to do everything; people do not feel hound to give their time, their money, and their work." These are not the comments of a hostile critic, but of one who favors the alliance of the State with religion. That there is no difference in fact between such an alli-ance and an alliance of Church and State, is too clear to be denied. The results, as Mr. Choicy depicts them, are such as always follow Church and State union. By en-dowing both churches (Protestant and Catholic) in can-tons where both have a large following, the State seeks to avoid the promotion of jealousy and strife between them, which would result from the endowment of either one alone. This, however, is a mere matter of State policy. The evil of Church and State union is inherent in the principle of such union; and by a union with more than one church, the State only extends the evil. And for this reason a union of the State with religion is even worse than a union of State and Church, as commonly under-stood. A union of religion with the State means more than a union of the State with some particular church; it means a union of the State with a number of churches. The evil is multiplied in exact proportion to the number of churches which enter into the unholy .alliance.' The Christian Church is united to Christ. This union, as set forth in the Scriptures, is sacred and inviolable, like that of marriage. When the Church unites with the State, she forsakes God and joins with Caesar. She com-mits spiritual adultery. And when this has been done, it certainly cannot help the situation any if several other  churches professing to be Christian go and do the same thing. The State being righteously debarred from union with any one church, it cannot righteously be joined with two or more, either consecutively or all at once. Where even monogamy is a sin, polygamy is certainly no better. In the, United States the prominent religious organi-zations seek a union of the Government with religion. This is a fact almost too well known to need mention. What the Government or the churches can gain from this movement, if it succeeds, can be seen from the facts here presented with reference to the like movement in Switzer-land. These facts, however, demonstrate the movement to be fraught with evil instead of good. There is nothing but evil in it in that country, and nothing else can possi-bly be the outcome of it here. It is proposed here, however, to go further in the matter than has been done in the Swiss republic. A union of the State with religion, in a republican govern-ment, leaves two alternatives with respect to citizenship. Either it must disfranchise every individual who refuses to conform to the religion of the Government,Łor, as in Switzerland, each citizen must be counted as a member of some State church simply because he is a citizen, whether he believes in the State religion or not. In the United States it is proposed to disfranchise non-conform-ing citizens, counting them as infidels and anarchists. This will drive the unscrupulous and hypocritical into the church, and bring persecution upon true Christians and all others who stand in opposition to such antichristian work. Neither is it proposed by the promoters of the move-ment in the United States to :admit the Church of Rome to participation in the benefits of the State religion. The intention is that this shall be a Protestant "Chris-tian nation," and not a Roman Catholic nation. The papal church, however, will certainly not consent to such an arrangement, and a determined and bitter struggle for a seat on Cmsar's throne must ensue between the papal and Protestant churches. In Switzerland, although the federal constitution be-gins with the words, "In the name of Almighty God," it is left with each canton to ally itself with whatever church or churches it may think best: but in the Amer-ican republic the alliance is to be made a national one, and enforced upon all by the authority of the nation. The result will be as much worse here than in Switzer-land, as the nation is greater and stronger than a single State. "THE essential principle of a trust where capital is involved is found in trusts where labor is involved. There is in our judgment no jurist, political economist, publicist of any sphere of experience or grade of acquirement, who can face the issue and point out a- radical distinction be-tween a trust Which aggregates capital and an organiza-tion which aggregates and monopolizes labor."Š The Christian Advocate. 