NOVEMBER 21, 1895._A\_2_'%/IIILI.I[40 363 since a law of the land must be for all alike, and from all human standpoints anything like harmony of thought or of conscientious action in the matter is out of the question, it is plain that reason does not call for any human legislation on the subject of Sabbath observance. There is, however, plenty of good and har-monious and reasonable authority for the Sab-bath instituted by God at creation, and legis-lation which fully covers the subject of Sabbath observance is in force to-day, and to which no difference of human opinions on the subject offers any objection. And that au-thority and legislation are found in the Word of God. But the administration of that law is in the hands alone of its divine Author, and of its, violation human governments have no jurisdiction. THE AUTHORITY FOR THE SABBATH. HAVING considered the "authority" for Sunday as the weekly day of rest, and having noted the confusing and conflicting theories and assumptions of which that " authority " consists, it is well to take at least a brief view of the authority for the seventh-day Sabbath, designated in Scripture as the "Sabbath of the Lord." Otherwise it might be thought that there is no well-defined authority with regard to the Sabbath and Sabbath observ-ance. The authority for the seventh-day Sabbath rests on no assumption on the pa of " the church " of power to set apart and co ,wand a day of rest, nor of any mere " implication" of divine warrant, but upon the clear and ex-plicit command of God. While the ancient people of God were assembled in vast and sol-emn audience around the base of Sinai, from the top of the smoking, quaking mountain, while the whole earth shook, God spoke these words :Š Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy ; six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work, but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God ; in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant,' nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates; for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day; wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day and hallowed it. Ex. 20: 8-11. In this clear and simple language, consist-ing largely of words of one syllable, and suited to the comprehension of a child, God has set forth to the world the divine nature, author-ity, and obligation of his day of rest. Why is it, then, that men are in such con-fusion and disagreement upon this subject? There can be no other reason than that they have turned aside from this plain word of the Lord and attempted to establish a different day upon God's foundation, or upon some foundation of their own. When people cut loose from the word of God, they can do noth-ing but drift, without chart or compass, upon the wide sea of human fancy and specula-tion. The seventh-day Sabbath is the memorial of creation, and creation is the visible token of the power of the true God. " All the gods of the nations are idols; but the Lord made the heavens." Ps. 96: 5. The Sabbath command-ment stands in the bosom of the Decalogue, as that which points out the true God, and the keeping of it is the visible sign to the world of those who are worshipers of the true God. It is their own evidence of their rela-tion to the true God. For God has said : "Hallow my Sabbaths; and they shall be a sign between me and you, that ye may  know that I am the Lord your God." Eze. 20:20. Is it possible, then, that this memorial of creation, this sign of the true God among so many false gods, could pass away while the Creator still maintained his sovereignty in human affairs? Is it not evident that this memorial is an absolutely essential part of God's plan for making himself known to man-kind, and leading them to trust in him for salvation? Redemption itself, which is secured to man by the gospel, is nothing else than creation,Šmaking the sinner new in Christ, causing him to be " born again." Ps. 51:10; Eph. 2: 10; Gal. 6:15; 2 Cor. 5:17. Hence the memorial of creation,Šthe seventh-day Sab-bath,Šis an appropriate and necessary feature of the gospel plan which saves men from their sins. In the light of these truths, we see the force and propriety of the Saviour's statement that " the Sabbath was made for man." Mark 2: 27. It was as much a necessity for man as the knowledge of the true God was a necessity. If the Sabbath had been kept by all, there could never have been any idolatry. Such being the nature and purpose of the Sabbath, it is seen to be totally distinct from those ceremonies and ordinances which in the days of " Moses and the prophets " pointed forward to Christ, the coming sacrifice,Šthe shadows, as it were, cast by his body. It could no more pass away than God's eternal purpose could pass away. It has in it no elements of a temporal nature. And no- where in the Word of God can a text be found which releases any man from its obli-gation. It is true that Christians are " not under the law, but under grace," and have been called "unto liberty." But what is liberty? David said, " I will walk at liberty, for I seek thy precepts." Ps. 119 : 45. And James pronounces a blessing upon the one who looks into " the perfect law of liberty," and contin-ueth therein; and we know that the " perfect law " is the law of God. Ps. 19: 7. The liberty that comes through Christ is not liberty to break the law or disregard it, but liberty to keep it; for men cannot keep it until they receive the grace of God. While they desire to do right, they find themselves in the bondage of sin, so that they cannot do the things that they would do. As Paul has so graphically expressed it, " The good that I would I do not; but the evil which I would not, that I do. . . . I find then a law, that when I would do good, evil is'present with me. For I delight in the law of God after the inward man: but I see another law in my members, warring against the law of my mind, and bringing me into captivity to the law of sin which is in my members. 0 wretched man that I am! who shall deliver me from this body of death? * I thank God through Jesus Christ our Lord." Rom. 7: 19-25. This deliverance from the bondage of sin, so that an individual can do the good that he would do,Šin other words, can keep that law which is the standard of goodness, is the lib-erty that is obtained through Christ. In Christ we are no longer under the condemna-tion of the law, but are created new and made in harmony with the law of God, as was Adam when he was created in Eden. The trouble is not with the law, but with man, who is fallen. Not the abolition of the law, but the regeneration of man, is the pur-pose of God in the gospel. " For what the law could not do, in that it was weak through the flesh, God sending his own Son in the * See margin. likeness of sinful flesh, and for sin, condemned sin in the flesh; that the righteousness of the law might be fulfilled in us, who walk nut after the flesh, but after the Spirit." Rom. 8: 3, 4. Thus the law of God has not passed away, nor the Sabbath commandment which was set in its bosom. The Sabbath of the Lord rests to-day, as it ever has rested, upon the author-ity of God's word, and that word is as clear and plain to-day, as solemn and as binding, as it was when spoken from Sinai. Ł THE PURITAN PURITAN SUNDAY. WHILE so much sighing is being done in our land by zealous Sunday "law" advocates for " a breath of the Puritan," it is of interest to look upon a picture of the Puritan sabbath as exemplified in the lives of the Puritans of colonial New England. This we find in an article which forms part of a symposium on the Sunday question in the Independent, of Nov. 7, entitled, "The Sunday of the Puritan Colonies," by Alice Morse Earle, from which we quote:Š The strict observance of the daylight hours of the sabbath was carefully cherished and protected by co-lonial law. The act of the Massachusetts Court in 1649 that " whosoever shall prophane the Lords daye by doeing any seruill work or such like abuses shall for-f eite for euery such defaulte ten shillings or be whipt," was no dead letter. The New Haven code of laws, sterner still, ordered that profanation of the Lord's day Should be punished by fine, imprisonment, or cor-poral punishment, "and if proudly, and with a high hand against the authority of God, with death." Everywhere throughout the colonies " Wanton Gos-pellers," who profaned the sabbath, were caged and labeled and fined and imprisoned; but none were put to death. The so-called " Blue Laws " of Connecticut, while false and belittling in wording, afford, after all, in spirit true exemplification of the old Puritan laws of sabbath observance which existed and were regarded throughout New England in colonial times. People were fined, reprimanded and punished for traveling, for riding, for unnecessary walking, for doing house-work and formwork on the sabbath. In the colonial court records scores, almost hundreds, of examples can be found of offenders and offenses of this class. For shooting wild fowl, for fishing, for driving cows, for grinding corn, for raking hay, for wringing and hanging out a washing, for gathering vegetables, for pulling flax, and many similar and more simple of-fenses the punishments were most mortifying and relatively severe. Some of these offenses were so natural as to appear to us to-day thoroughly harmless Šsuch as sitting under an apple tree in an orchard, for which illegality and sabbath profanation two in. nocent New London lovers, John Lewis and Sarah Chapman, were tried in 1670. Let their names be posthumously honored as an expression of regard for their romantic and bold sentiment. Not only were the colonists fined and punished for active disregard and violation of the sabbath, but they could not passively neglect the day. The church rec-ords throughout the seventeenth and eighteenth cen-turies show prompt censure and action in the church against persons of all ranks and stations in life who failed to attend public worship. As matters of Church and State were never widely separated in early New England, the action of the court promptly supple-mented that of the church. It was one of the duties of the ubiquitous tithing man to report "all sons of Belial, lyeing at home, strutting about, setting on fences, or otherwise desecrating the day." In 1760 the legislature of Massachusetts passed afresh the law.  that " any person able of body who shall ab-sent themselves from publick worship of God on the Lords day shall pay ten shillings fine." In Connecti-cut a similar law was not suspended till 1770. Strictly were these laws enforced in the seventeenth century. No petty excuses served to exonerate or permit escape from punishment. Often even sickness in the family 