AMERICAN SENTINEL. 205 mouth like a lion, feet like a bear, body like a leopard, and the 'dreadful and terrible' beast's power. Beside all these features, which point back to Babylon, Medo-Per-sia, Greece, and pagan Rome, he has a mouth speaking great things, wears out the saints, and continues in power as long as the horn of Daniel was to continue. What a wonderful prophecy!" "It is, indeed; and as these characteristics of the old kingdoms are united in this beast, we need not be surprised at the manifestation of the old persecuting spirit. "What power did the prophet see this beast exercis-ing? Read the last of the 3rd verse." "All the world wondered after the beast,' read Charlie. "Now read the last of the 7th." "'And power was given him over all kindreds, and na-tions, and tongues.' "How many shall worship him?" "'And all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him whose names are not written in the book of life of the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world.' "This used to puzzle me very much, and I have often prayed to be saved from worshiping the beast. Now I know that it means more than having reverence for the papacy. To worship the beast is simply to worship and serve self. The beast is only the full outcome of the self principle. So still I pray with growing understanding to be saved from dependence upon men, to be saved from leaning to my own understanding, or from resting upon the opinions and traditions of humanity. Jeremiah says, `Cursed is the man who trusteth in man and maketh flesh his arm.' "Now read in the 3rd verse what was to happen to the head of this beast." "'And I saw one of his heads as it were wounded to death: and his deadly wound was healed." "With this you may also read the 10th verse." " 'He that leadeth into captivity shall go into cap-tivity.' "When was the papal head wounded, sent into cap-tivity and into death?" "In 1798, when the pope was taken to France, and died in exile." " 'His deadly wound was healed,' it says; and yet the pope, who is the head of this power, is still called the `prisoner of the Vatican.' " "Do you think, mama, the papacy will ever again have power to persecute the people of God?" "We'll talk about that another time, Charlie. There is one more verse I wish to explain to-day. It is the 18 th ." Charlie read : " 'Let him that hath understanding count the number of the beast; for it is the number of a man; and his number is six hundred threescore and six.' "Now we are to reckon the number of a man, whose number is the number of the beast. Two men have been  pointed out in the Scriptures. One is the 'Son of man,' the other the 'son of perdition,' or the 'man of sin.' "One day a traveler was visiting the city of Rome, and down the street came a papal procession with flaunt-ing banners. Amid the images of saints and apostles, on a high throne sat the pope, wearing his blazing crown. In jewelled letters upon it the traveler saw the words, `Vicarivs Filii Dei,' and the words came to his mind 'the number of the beast.' Hastening home he counted the numerals of this title,' thus : v, 5; i, 1; c, 100; i, 1; v, 5; i, 1; 1, 50; i, 1; i, 1; d, 500; i, 1; and found that the sum of the numerals in the title is 666, the 'number of the beast.' " "Well, mama, that seems queer no matter what it may mean; but I shall never see the picture of the pope's hat again without thinking, 666." F. B. Notice. Oun readers will notice a change in the price of the "Simplicity Vaporizer" from $1.25 to $1.50. This has been done for the benefit of the purchaser, as on those sold for the first price the buyer had to pay expressage, never amounting to less than 30 cents; whereas with the latter price expressage is paid by Mr. Armor. Please notice "ad" in this issue. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 8. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other b.dividual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromising!, opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State. either in name or in principle. ORGAN OF THE International Religious liberty Assoeiation. Published Weekly by Paeifie Press Publishing Co. Single Copy, Per Year, - $1.00. 66 Six months, Ł ' .50 Ł' Three " - - .25 ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York. 