788 AMERICAN SENTINEL. city authorities informed them of the mistake and ex-pressed deep regret, but as it was too late to correct it the city authorities asked whether it would be possible for the camp-meeting and the picnic to dwell together. The camp-meeting managers thought it would and so the authorities, with every apology for their mistake, left, somewhat relieved, to await results. The ministers sought the Lord to be saved from what seemed to all human appearance inevitable disaster to the important interests of the meeting. Ł Not until Friday night was I made aware of the situation. My first impression was that of consterna-tion, but it was soon dispelled by the assurance that "all things work together for good to them that love God." Ł Saturday morning broke fair and beautiful. The campers assembled for service. Forgetting all about the picnic, I was drawing the discourse to a close and was just about to make an appeal to sinners to seek the Lord, and especially the young people, many of whom were in the congregation, when suddenly the brass band pealed forth as it led the picnic procession into the park and passed within thirty feet of the tent. Wagons dec-orated and filled with young women gayly dressed in the interest of the picnic proper or some enterprising business house, passed slowly by. The band played, the girls sang and the boys shouted. But it had no effect on the meeting, though the au-dience sat facing the procession. The Holy Spirit was present. This tells the story. Sinners, young and old, came forward and knelt in prayer apparently oblivious to their surroundings. The tearful eyes and the sub-dued sobs in sorrow for sin as they came from the young people, were in striking contrast with the sentiments of the passing procession. All the ministers present recognized the presence of the Spirit in mighty power, and one remarked that he could scarcely refrain from shouting aloud at the sight of the victory which God gave over all diverting influences. All day the picnic remained and did what picnics usually do, within a stone's throw of the audience tent. But the camp-meeting was not disturbed. The young people took no interest in the picnic performances, while a few of those in attendance on the picnic came and took part in the services of the day. Christ and his apostles never complained to the civil authorities that they were disturbed in the prac-tise or promulgation of their faith by the religious practise of their opponents. He who complains to the civil authorities that he is disturbed in, his religious experience by some one whose religious practises do not harmonize withhis, thereby advertises that his religion fails to furnish that perfect peace promised to those whose minds are stayed on God. The religion of Jesus Christ lived and preached in the Spirit always has and always will call forth a complaint of disturbance from the devil, but never enters such a complaint itself.  "Not by might, nor by power, but by my Spirit, saith the Lord." 1234 Duncan St. N. E., Washington, D. C. Tried and Convicted for Breaking Sunday. THE following letter is sent us by Mr. J. T. Eaton, of Rome, Ga., who, our readers will remember, has been under indictment at that place for having done secular work on Sunday:Š "Rome, Ga., Dec. 15, '99. "EDITOR AMERICAN SENTINEL: My case was tried to-day before Judge Reese in the county court. The jury after being out about ten minutes returned a ver-d ct of 'Guilty,' with a recommendation to the court for mercy. Judgment has been suspended for the pres-ent. "My attorney used some scripture in his argument, but the court charged the jury that they were not trying me by the Bible, but by the laws of the State of Georgia. "Just one witness for the prosecution was examined. He swore that he saw me on the 14th day of May (Sunday) hoeing corn. The officers of the court treated me like a gentleman. "Thus for the present I am permitted to enjoy free- dom. Yours, "J. T. EATON." Evidently the majority of the people among whom Mr. Eaton lives are kindly disposed toward him and do not wish to see him suffer hardship on account of his religious belief. It is natural that they should feel bound by the law of the State; yet it is to their credit that in refusing to inflict its penalty in this case, they have acted in harmony with the higher law of the Gol-den Rule. This is a law by which all men, everywhere, are sacredly bound. Mission Work and the Sunday Institution. SOME zealous advocates of Sunday enforcement, it appears, are unalterably opposed to any work, however purely philanthropic it may be, which in any way repre-sents opposition to the Sunday sabbath. In Portland, Me., there has been established recently the "Open Door Mission," for the rescue of the fallen and unfortunate from lives of sin, poverty, or degradation. It is con-ducted, as such missions are elsewhere, upon undenomi-national lines. But the people in charge of it are Sev-enth day Adventists; and this is enough to cause the advocates of Sunday enforcement in Portland, to see in this enterprise something to be opposed and put down if possible. The facts of the case are thus stated by The Vineyard, a journal which speaks for the Adventist interests in that State:Š "The following from a Portland paper of recent date will show what spirit the Open Door Mission is awaken- 