AMERICAN SENTINEL. 77 Letters have come to me in large numbers from various portions of the country, expressing intense satisfaction. My only wonder is that I never made aŁ similar acknowl-edgment before.' " The author of that truly "remarkable document" is not surprised that none of his predecessors possessed suf-ficient wisdom to issue such a proclamation, but only that he himself had not thought of it sooner ! That is surprising, truly ! Ł -4 -4 The Struggle for Religious Freedom. Jewish Spectator, Memphis, Tenn. " ETERNAL vigilance is the price of liberty." Verily, religious liberty is the most precious prize this republic ever won, and every true American, be he Jew or Gentile, Atheist or Deist, ought to guard well the entrance to the temple of freedom, that no ecclesiasticalinstitution what-soever enter in the disguise of a civil law to gain the sup-port of State and municipal governments. The peace and harmony binding so many heterogenous religious elements together in this land must not be disturbed, and the curse of religious strife must not be brought upon the land. There are no trifles in the science of poli-tics; the smallest beginning may, in the end, work the greatest mischief; or as Horace says, "He has half the deed done who has made a beginning " The State of Tennessee, in its declaration of rights upon the statute book, emphatically proclaims : " No human authority can in any case whatsoever control or interfere with the rights of conscience ; and that no pref-erence shall be ever given by law to any religious estab-lishment or mode of worship." If, in the presence of this solemn and sublime declaration, it is just and lawful and compatible with the rights of conscience that thousands within the State are deprived of their freedom of will, and its legitimate exercise, by inserting a theological amend-ment regarding Sunday observance, it is just as lawful to frame a law to introduce the Bible into the public schools of the State as a text-book for religious instruc-tion, and to convene at the hour set apart for the pur-pose all the Protestant and Catholic pastors of the State, together with rabbis and liberal ministers, to decide what version of the Bible should be used, and, as it were, to fight it out among themselves. After it has been made just and lawful to read the Bible in the schools, although every creed believes in a different interpretation, it would also be considered a civil act to put God into the Constitution of the United States. It needs only to imbue State senators and legis-lators with the idea that any sectarian principle can be inserted in the civil law of the land, and there will be no difficulty to make congressmen believe the same thing. "E pluribus unum," "one composed of many," is the motto of the United States, and the repre-sentatives of each separate State are frequently elected as membersŁ of Congress. If the grand principles of reli- gious liberty and the secular character of our Constitu-tion are ignored and set aside at the sessions of our legislature, why should the same men consider them more sacred and inviolable in theCongress chamber and Senate hall ? They may do all this with the best of intentionsŠperhaps in order to make the nation purer, better and noblerŠbut after the mischief is done these intentions will go for nothing. They may also have forgotten his-tory, which told mankind how much misery religious wars have brought to nai ions of the past, and how much precious human blood was shed in the effort to establish a Church in the State, and to define the God in whose name the law was to be executed. I know that many will consider this an exaggeration of the consequences which the question at issue will bring, but it is, nevertheless a logical conclusion. If the Bible is to be taken as an authority in the observance of the Sunday, it is likely to be taken as an authority in legis-lation otherwise. If an ecclesiastical ordinance is to de-termine and shape the laws of the State, it is but natural to fear the encroachments of ecclesiastical authority upon the magna charta of the nation. . . . To avoid the Scylla and Charybdis of bigotry and fanaticism the State and the nation must steer clear of the reefs and cliffs of sectarianism. . . . If every statesman, every member of the legislature or of Congress, would be guided by impartiality of judg-ment and purity in politics, if all ministers of the gospel and other religious people would, recognize the mischief sectarian influences work within State legislation, every Sunday law in the land would speedily be repealed. . . . We and millions of other citizens have come hither from other countries to seek shelter under the glorious banner of freedom and equality held aloft by a secular government, and no loyal citizen should set at naught these blissful promises, promulgated by the constitutions of the States to every human being in the land. We are Israelites by birth and religious education; we revere the laws of God and the religious maxims of Moses, but we do not desire -that the States or the State at large shall enforce and perpetuate the ecclesiastical ordinances of the ancient Jews by virtue of the civil law. We protest against the introduction of the Jewish and Christian Scriptures into the spheres of public education, and de-nounce the efforts of over-zealous sectarians to put the God of the Jews and Christians into the American Constitu-tion. In France or in any other republic just emerging from the ruins of a monarchical government, some excuse can be offered for making concessions to ecclesiastical rules. There the Church and State were united for centuries, and a separation cannot be accomplished at once; but here on the virgin soil of America such a union was never con-templated; hence every effort, however small, which would gradually and eventually lead to it, should be re-pulsed by every true citizen. Within the wide boundaries of this land, many dissimilar creeds and religious 