        matter; he must go. The volunteer may go. In the observance of religious practices,Š in the service of God, volunteers are wanted, not conscripts. " Whosoever will" may come. But carry this point further. The govern-ment exercises a right when it demands the payment of taxes from the individual, but the individual does not exercise a right when he pays them; and for the very simple reason, if for no other, that he has no right to refuse to pay them. e must pay them. The same reasoning is true with reference to the observ-ance of the Lord's day. If the governmental power has a right to demand Sabbath observ-ance of the individual, then the individual has no right to refuse to render it, and therefore he has no " individual, God-given right to rest and worship on the Lord's day." But, on the other hand, if the individual has a God-given right to rest and worship on the Lord's day, as he has, and as the officers of the Alliance admit, then the governmental power has no right to demand either rest or worship from him. The government has no right to exercise any power which has not been delegated to it by the people; and the right to rest and worship on the Lord's day can never be delegated by, the individual to the govern-ment. Rights are of two kinds, natural and artifi-cial. Natural rights are such as are possessed by every one in the world without distinction as to age or sex, race or creed. They are in-herent in the individual alone, and conse-quently cannot be delegated to another. With such rights no government can justly have anything to do, further than to protect the individual in his exercise of them.. One of these rights is " the individual, God-given right to rest and worship on the Lord's day." Artificial rights are such as are created by the government. If there were no such thing as government, these rights would not exist. Such rights are possessed only by the favored few. As for instance, the right to vote is granted only to males who have attained to the age of twenty-one years. The right of the government to demand taxes of the indi-vidual is another example of artificial rights; but it is a just claim, for the State is supposed to render an equivalent to the individual for them in the protection of person and property. He has the right to demand the services of the police force, or of the entire fire department of the city for his protection, if need be, and they have no right to refuse the demand, be-cause his taxes have been paid for that very purpose. In the payment of his taxes, he exercises no right, but in the demand for their equivalent, he does. A right is a just claim, but there can be no just claim where an equiv-alent is not rendered. Now, if the government has a right to de-mand Lord's day observance of the individ-ual, he has no right to refuse to render it, but he has a right to demand an equivalent. But this can never be given, and therefore the government, in demanding Lord's day observ-ance,, is demanding something for nothing. The government does not exercise a right in this demand, but it does perform an act of usurpation of the individual's right. It is simply an act of tyranny on the part of those who demand it, and an act of slavery on the part of those who render such Lord's day ob-servance. The man who observes the Lord's day be-cause it is right., needs no law to compel him to do it; and the man who observes it simply because he is afraid that some one will lay violent hands on him if he doesn't do it, is in servile bondage to just that extent. What he needs is to have more love preached to him and less law, for " love is the fulfilling of the law," and " by the deeds of the law there shall no flesh be justified in his sight." 173 Dundas St., Toronto, Ont.  may in his discretion SENTENCE HIM TO DEATH!! Presumably our readers know that Georgia belongs to the United States of America. Here, too, old and young sing:Š My country 'tis of thee, Sweet land of liberty ! A precious liberty, forsooth! Let everyone clearly put before his mind the case under discussion. A citizen of this country, whose Constitution warrants and guarantees him perfect religious liberty, conscientiously be-lieves he must perform the duties of his daily occupation on Sunday. It is not the province of the State to investigate if he has an erring conscience; for the State has nothing whatever to do with the conscience of its citizens. What Allison conscientiously did and for which the State tried him, is not at all a crime against the body and life of his fellow- citizens; by his Sunday work he did not at all encroach upon the equal rights of his fellow- men, so that it became the duty of the State to protect these against him. Notwithstand-ing he was deprived of that religious liberty and liberty of conscience which is guaranteed to him as well as to all. For what is religious liberty ? According to the perfectly correct definition of the sainted Dr. Walther, this:Š It is the liberty the State grants to its citizens to privately and publicly EXERCISE WITHOUT RESTRAINT the religion each one conscientiously believes to be true and to publicly declare and defend its principles. In such a country, therefore, religious liberty exists, in which there be not one or more religious faiths that be exclusively tolerated therein and recognized as State religions and one of which all those must, there-fore, profess who wish to enjoy the protection of the State, but in which every one is entitled to the rights and privileges of a citizen whatever may be the religion he professes. But just this religious liberty, one of the brightest stars in the banner of our country, is, as much as is in their power to do so, man-ifestly destroyed by the Sunday laws of most States, and especially by the Sunday law of Georgia. The State of Georgia demands of one of its citizens whose faith prohibits Saturday labor and enjoins Sunday labor to slight his con-science and unconditionally submit to the re-ligious convictions of the majority of his fellow-citizens concerning the Sabbath. Now because he does not submitŠand he may not submit even though his be an erring con-scienceŠhe is indicted, sentenced to disgrace-ful convict labor, stamped a disreputable criminal,Špossibly, too, an insurgent and rebel, guilty of death and his neck forfeited to the rope of the hangman. Ought not the entire liberty-loving press of the country to denounce the savagery of Georgia and take an energetic stand against the tyran-nical, murderous, puritanical Sunday laws, the existence and occasional enforcement of which bring shame and ignominy upon our whole country, in which at one time religious liberty and liberty of conscience were made the fundamental law of the States? And so much more, for the reason that just in the course of the previous week the General Assembly of Presbyterians assembled in Pitts- burg passed the liberty-hating resolution,: " WE HEARTILY COMMEND ALL SUNDAY LEG- ISLATION DESIGNED TO PROTECT THE CHRIS- TIAN SABBATH AS A DAY OF REST AND WOR-SHIP." From all of which every one may perceive: the enemies of the true liberty of our, country are powerfully bestirring and preparing them-selves to battle against the greatest treasure of our nation. Their battle cry is, Union of religion and State. They possess influence, and " their followers do fall in line with  RELIGIOUS PERSECUTION IN AMERICA.  [From Die Rundschau * ( Chicago), May 22.] Die Run.  dschau deems it her duty to again call public attention to the persecution of Ad-ventists for violating Sunday laws. Recently we were informed of a new case of this char-acter. This time a Sabbatarian, by name, J. Q. Allison, of Douglasville, Georgia, is the victim. A telegram of the 16th inst. briefly, yet with terrible distinctness, announces: "ALLISON IN THE CHAIN-GANG! " f The Sunday law of GeorgiaŠentire and verbatim before usŠdoes not essentially differ from those of other States. It prohibits every kind of Sunday labor, with the exception of works of necessity and charity. No exceptions are made in favor of Sabbatarians. But pe-culiar to it is the penalty against violators. Anyone convicted of Sabbath desecration, " shall be punished as prescribed in Section 4310 of this Code." And what does this sec-tion prescribe ?ŠA fine not to exceed one thou-sand dollars, imprisonment not to exceed six months, work in the chain gang not to exceed twelve months; and, forsooth, any one of these penalties separately or more of them combined, in the discretion of the judge. Consequently there might have been imposed on the ill-fated Allison by an ill-disposed judge the whole of this barbarous penalty. It has been his good fortune, however, to have had enforced upon him only(!) the penalty, "to work in the chain-gang on the public works, or on such other works as the county authorities may employ the chain-gang." The " county au-thorities" have also the right to "hire out" a member of the chain-gang to some private contractor, manifestly to the highest bidder. Allison might, too, under certain circumstances come into the position of being compelled to do servile labor for a private individual. Thus does Section 4582 of the glorious Code of the State of Georgia prescribe. But what if Allison, after having been sen-tenced to compulsory labor for Sabbath desecra-tion, were to refuse to do work on Saturday? It is very probable that such a case will come to pass; because Allison is an Adventist who believes the seventh day-of the week to be the divinely enjoined day of rest upon which no secular labor may be performed. His con-science is bound to this alleged divine injunc-tion, and experience teaches that Sabbatarians will rather suffer the worst than wantonly act contrary to their conscience. Then what will be the consequence ? The State of Georgia has in its wisdom also provided for such a case. Then Mr. Allison would be guilty of the crime of "insurrection," as may be read in Section 4821. And if convicted of this crime, that is, if he be convicted before the supreme court of his county of having, as a member of the chain-gang, obstinately refused to obey orders by not doing convict labor on Saturday, then, Šlisten and marvel !Šshall he " BE DEEMED GUILTY OF A CAPITAL OFFENSE, AND PUN-ISHED WITH DEATH, OR SUCH OTHER PUNISH-MENT AS THE JUDGE IN HIS DISCRETION MAY INFLICT." Then he is, consequently, guilty of a capital offense; then he is, consequently, altogether exposed to the clemency or inclem-ency of the county judge; then this judge  * Translated by Rev. Oscar Goelz, Gretna, La. tSee note at foot of page 181.  