20 Irl4E AMERICAN' SVNVINE'L. organized action was taken Monday, Oc-' tober 15, 1888, at a meeting of the Minne-apolis ministers in the Y. M. C. A. parlors. There the objects and the plans of the organization were quite fully set forth. One of the objects of the organization, and the one which is of special interest in this connection, is to take " a prominent part in State and municipal politics and gov-ernment, watching closely all State and city legislation. In its name, and upon its recommendation, bills will be introduced into the Legislature and such legislation as will increase the penalties for the violation of the Sunday laws of Minneapolis will be especially favOred and pushed." The plan of organization, is a central alliance governed by an executive commit-tee, and under the direction of this, ward alliances are formed as auxiliaries. Through the ward alliances a company of visitors is organized to make a thorough house-to-house canvass. To each of these visitors is allotted a division comprising ten families. These are to be visited once a month regularly to ascertain their con-dition and needs with the special design of getting them to attend church. All the churches, Catholic and Protestant, of the city are united in the alliance. Upon all this matter of the organization and the work of this alliance we should not have a word to say except in commenda-tion if it were in fact evangelical or if there were any evangelical intent in it. But as its object is political and not evan-gelical, we can never have anything to say of it except to denounce it as contrary to every principle of the gospel. Evangelical is defined as being "agreeable or conso-nant to the gospel or the truth taught in the New Testament." The gospel is not political, it never can be furthered, but only hindered and corrupted by political methods such as are embodied in the plan of. this Minneapolis political preachers' alliance. It is proper that people should attend church, it is perfectly proper that proper methods should be employed to in-duce them to attend church ; but when political methods are employed to get the people to go to church for the purpose of increasing the political influence of the churches, then such churches are just about the worst places that the people could be induced to go. About the time of the organization men-tioned above, Dr. McLaurin said that "The ministers of the city believe that Christian unity is strong enough now to make itself felt in ways that churches separately have little influence." But, when Christian unity is strong enough to make itself felt politically, as the purpose of this alliance is, then the more of such strength Christian unity feels, the less strength it actually has. The only strength the Christian, individually, of the Chris-tian Church collectively, can ever have to profit is the strength of Jesus Christ. And that strength is never made manifest in a  political way. The only power that Chris tians ever can possess for good, is the power of godliness which can never be ex-erted by political means. The steps taken by the Minneapolis min-isters as printed in the SENTINEL of the 2nd are the fitting sequel of the plan and object of the organization of the Evangel-ical Alliance of that city in October in 1888. Complusory methods belong to the organ-ization, compulsory religious observance is the object of Sunday laws, and that they should resort to boycotting pressure to compel both their fellow ministers and the people to conform to their wishes is only to be expected. And when such methods are so readily resorted to at the first, what will they not do at the last ? The Evangelical Alliance and its secretary both had better stick to their evangelical work or else stop calling it evangelical, and give it its proper name of political at once. .4 - From California. EDITORS AMERICAN SENTINEL : Sunday-law advocates in California may rejoice on general principles that the SENTINEL has been removed out of the State, but fortunately that class are yet a minor-ity. There is one feature of the removal, however, that even its friends may rejoice at,Šit is a forward move, and a long one too, against the efforts-of the mis-named National Reform party which it is set to oppose. America, that part of it which is really American, reaches from ocean to ocean, and Californians are happy to know that your journal can remove its publication office from the Pacific to the Atlantic coast and still be American. And now that you are squarely planted in the great commercial metropolis and po-litical center, your old-time neighbors bid you God-speed on your noble mission. When you shall have fairly warned the people of these United States of the full meaning of national Sunday laws, and re-ligious amendments to the Constitution, and all kindred encroachments upon their liberties, your full duty in the matter will have been fulfilled, whether they heed your warning voice or not. SILENCE ON THE BLAIR BILL. Notwithstanding Senator Blair's prompt-ness in the introduction of the pet schemes of the National Reform Association and American Sabbath Union; and notwith-standing the text of these measures has reached us by mail in Congressional print ; it is noticeable that not a word, at present writing, has appeared in the newspapers of the ŁState. The telegraphic news en-tirely ignores the bills, and the leading religious journals have likewise kept si-lent. Whether this is a part of the pro-gram of the managers of these measures at Washington, or whether it is an indi-cation of the small interest felt in such matters by the press, is a question which  your correspondent is unable to answer. I am curiously waiting to see how long the silence will continue. ON THE ALERT FOR FOREIGN FOES. If some foreign power were to propose restriction upon our privileges as a peo-ple, though the portentous cloud should not wear a tithe of the blackness of dark-ness manifested in these Blair measures, there would be a " clash of resounding arms " along our coast. When Germany put on just a little swagger in presence of our august national dignity at Samoa, the Monroe doctrine suddenly let out a great tuck in its spacious garment, covering about half the Pacific Ocean, and all classes of journals,Šbig and little, daily and weekly, religious and secular, vied with each other in wails about our defense-less coast. When a United States revenue cutter seized a couple of Canadian vessels en-gaged in poaching seals in Behring Strait, and the British lion growled but faintly, there was an imaginary invasion of our western coast in the minds of the editorial fraternity from British Columbia to Mex-ico, and there was a perfect deluge of military reports and newspaper demands for large appropriations for harbor and coast defenses. BUT, When there arises in our midst a spirit of religious intolerance seeking to control the Government, and whose aim is to strike out of our fundamental law the very prin-ciple of civil and religious liberty upon which our nation has grown and prospered more than a century, our otherwise alert and enterprising press is mum. Although these same measures were made so prom-inent in the last Congress, and are thrust in so early at the present session, after per-sistent canvassing of the country during all the interval, yet our sagacious de-fenders can see no danger. In the case of danger of foreign in-vasion, prevention is the cry upon the appearance of the first speck of threatened hostility; but the reply to such internal menaces often is, " Oh, if the Blair bills should pass, the people would rise in armed resistance to their enforcement." Such is the dependence of many who are opposed to the principles of religious legislation in general. But why not be as precautious concerning the far greater evil, as they are suspicious of the lesser possibility ? Organizations in every State, in the Union comprising prominent men of every shade of politics and religion, and national or-ganizations of great influence, besides the prestige of like enactments in nearly all the States, merely waiting Congressional action in order to give full force to their intolerant provisions, present a massive front too ominous to be ignored. Igno-rance of what such measures mean," in the light of popular history, is impossible on the part of any man who aspires to the rank of enlightened journalism. 