678 AMERICAN SENTINEL. The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. 1R' Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Post-ottiec.i The Development of Despotism. To ANY people seeking to avoid the despotism which in civil government has so often trampled human rights under foot in the past, a knowledge of the source from which it is likely to arise, is of prime importance. The cry which is heard against the oppression and tyranny that are felt in the land, is directed almost in-variably against the man of wealth, the representative of the Trust, the aristocrat. And that he is not inno-cent of the charges made, for the most part, is not to be denied; but the man of wealth is by no means the only source, or even the chief source, of danger. It is a significant truth, which should be known by all and forgotten by none, that the despotism of the Roman empire,Šthat "furious and crushing despotism," the worst probably that ever darkened the civilized world, arose not from the aristocracy at all, but from the people themselves. The aristocracy were represented by the Roman sen-ate; their purposes were carried into effect by that body. But in the days of Julius Cwsar, before the empire was set up, the power of the Roman senate was broken and dissipated. It remained a part of the Roman govern-ment only in name. The shaping of the affairs of gov-ernment was wholly in the hands of the people, and of their idol Caesar. "In legislation, the senate was totally ignored; Cwsar acted directly with the assembly of the people, and passed such laws as he pleased."* The peo-ple themselves, having lost the power of self-government, set up over themselves a despotism far worse than that which had incited their struggle against the patricians. Turning now to the American Republic, we cannot shut our eyes to the plentiful evidence of despotism lurk-ing within those organizations and movements directly representing the common people,Šdespotism which has on occasions boldly avowed itself. In the State of Illi-nois a few years ago, for example, by the fiat of one of these organizations, railway travel within the State was *"Two Republics," p. 55. completely paralyzed, and the governor was obliged to ask of an individual in no office of governmental author-ity, permission to travel by rail within the boundaries of his own State. And to-day, in this same State, we see owners of mineproperty debarred by the governor under a threat of armed interference, from the right of operat-ing their mines by such labor as they see fit to hire,Ša right which, however obnoxious its exercise may be to some citizens of the State, they undoubtedly possess un-der the fundamental law of the land. Let it be remembered, also, that the tyranny which is set up in the name of the common people passes more rapidly than anfother form into the despotism of one-man power. It was so in the republic of Rome; it was so in the French Revolution; and it will be so in the Repub-lic of the United States. The common people are oppressed; that is true. But in most eases the worst oppression which an individual suffers is self imposed. The worst misgovernment is that of the individual who cannot restrain himself. Let the people learn true self-government, let them maintain the principles of manly independence in their own lives, and the despotism of wealth will crumble away. But if they choose to oppose tyranny with more tyranny, only worse tyranny can be the result. If they choose to "fight the devil with fire," they cannot complain if they are the victims of a conflagration. "The Ruler of America." Tins is the title of a leaflet which is No. 9 of the "Good Citizenship Series," issued by the League for So-cial Service. The leaflet sets forth that the people are the ruling power in this country, and is all very good in its teaching until it comes to this:Š "Ques.ŠWho is above the postmaster? "Ans.ŠThe postmaster-general. "Q.ŠWho is above him? "A.ŠThe President. "Q.ŠWho is above the President? "A.ŠThe Supreme Court." This is a plain effort to exaggerate the office of the Supreme Court. A tendency to exaggerate the powers of this body has become manifest in various ways in re-cent years; there has even been a disposition to accredit it with having the attribute of infallibility. All this is wholly out of harmony with the truth and with the inter-ests of American government. There are three coordinate branches of the Govern-ment,Šthe legislative, the executive, and the judicial. The President is the chief executive. He is not answera-ble to the Supreme Court for any act performed in the discharge of the duties of his office. The Supreme Court is the highest judicial body. It is the head of the courts, and has no power outside the sphere of judicial authority. The Supreme Court has in recent times given two de- 