380 AdVICEIIEVAI CA TkI VoL. 9. No. 48. thus brutalizing the entire nature of man. And to complete his work, he declares, through the spirits, that " true knowledge places man above all law; " that " what-soever is, is right;" that "God doth not condemn;" and that "all sins which are committed are innocent." When the peo-ple are thus led to believe that desire is the highest law, that liberty is license, and that man is accountable only to him-self, who can wonder that corruption and depravity teem on every hand ? Multi-tudes eagerly accept teachings that leave them at liberty to obey the promptings of the carnal heart. The reins of self-con-trol are laid upon the neck of lust, the powers of mind and soul are made subject to the animal propensities, and Satan ex-ultingly sweeps into his net thousands who profess to be followers of Christ. But none need be deceived by the lying claims of Spiritualism. God has given the world sufficient light to enable them to discover the snare. As already shown, the theory which forms the very founda-tion of Spiritualism is at war with the plainest statements of Scripture. The Bible declares that the dead know not anything, that their thoughts have per-ished; they have no part in anything that is done under the sun; they know nothing of the joys or sorrows of those who were dearest to them on earth. Furthermore, God has expressly forbid-den all pretended communication with departed spirits. In the days of the Hebrews there was a class of people who claimed, as do the Spiritualists of to-day, to hold communication with the dead. But the "familiar spirits," as these visit-ants from other worlds were called, are declared by the Bible to be the " spirits of devils." 8  The work of dealing with fa-miliar spirits was pronounced an abomina-tion to the Lord, and was solemnly for-bidden under penalty of death.' The very name of witchcraft is now held in con-tempt. The claim that men can hold in-tercourse with evil spirits is regarded as a fable of the Dark Ages. But Spiritual-ism; which numbers its converts by hun-dreds of thousands, yea, by millions, which has made its way into scientific circles, which has invaded churches, and has found favor in legislative bodies, and even in the courts of kingsŠthis mam-moth deception is but a revival, in a new disguise, of the witchcraft condemned and prohibited of old. If there were no other evidence of the real character of Spiritualism, it should be enough for the Christian that the spirits make no difference between righteousness and sin, between the noblest and purest of the apostles of Christ and the most cor-rupt of the servants of Satan. By repre-senting the basest of men as in heaven, and highly exalted there, Satan says to the world : " No matter how wicked you are; no matter whether you believe or disbelieve God and the Bible; live as you please; heaven is your home." The Spiritualist teachers virtually declare, "Every one that doeth evil is good in the sight of the Lord, and he delighteth in them; or, Where is the God of judg-ment ?" Saith the Word of God, " Woe unto them that call evil good, and good evil; that put darkness for light, and light for darkness." The apostles, as personated by these Compare Num. 25:1-3; Ps. 106: 22; 1 Cor, 10: 20; Rev. 16:14. ° Les. 19: 31; 20:27, 4  Mal. 2: 17. 6 Isa. 5:20. lying spirits, are made to contradict what they wrote at the dictation of the Holy Spirit when on earth. They deny the divine origin of the Bible, and thus tear away the foundation of the Christian's hope, and put out the light that reveals the way to heaven. Satan is making the world believe that the Bible is a mere fic-tion, or at least a book suited to the in-fancy of the race, but now to be lightly regarded, or cast aside as obsolete. And to take the place of the Word of God he holds out spiritual manifestations. Here is a channel wholly under his control; by this means he can make the world believe what lid will. The Book that is to judge him and his followers he puts in the shade, just where he wants it; the Saviour of the world he makes to be no more than a common man. And as the Roman guard that watched the tomb of Jesus spread the lying report which the priests and elders put into their mouths to dis-prove his resurrection, so do the believers in spiritual manifestations try to make it appear that there is nothing miraculous in the circumstances of our Saviour's life. After thus seeking to put Jesus in the background, they call attention to their own miracles, declaring that these far exceed the works of Christ. It is true that Spiritualism is now chang-ing its form, and, veiling some of its more objectionable features, is assuming a Chris-tian guise. But its utterances from the platform and the press have been before the public for nearly forty years, and in these its real character stands revealed. These teachings cannot be denied or hid-den. Even in its present form, so far from being more worthy of toleration than for-merly, it is really a more dangerous, be-cause a more subtle deception. While it formerly denounced Christ and the Bible, it now professes to accept both. But the Bible is interpreted in a manner that is pleasing to the unrenewed heart, while its solemn and vital truths are made of no effect. Love is dwelt upon as the chief attribute of God, but it is degraded to a weak sentimentalism making little dis-tinction between good and evil. God's justice, his denunciations of sin, the re-quirements of his holy law, are all kept out of sight. The people are taught to regard the Decalogue as a dead letter. Pleasing, bewitching fables captivate the senses, and lead men to reject the Bible as the foundation of their faith. Christ is as verily denied as before; but Satan has so blinded the eyes of the people that the deception is not discerned.ŠGreat Controversy, Vol. 4, pp. 554-558. By Law. THE Council of the Churches, the Chris-tian Elector's Association, the Evangeli-cal Alliance, the Lord's Day Observance Society, and the like, are associations organized quite recently for the purpose of protecting Sunday as a day of rest and worshipŠby law. They desire to secure, as far as possible, the cooperation of all churches, Sunday-schools, Young Men's Christian Associa-tions, Woman's Christian Temperance Unions, Epworth Leagues, Labor Unions, political parties, and individuals every-where, who believe in preserving Sunday as a day of rest and worshipŠby law. They see a growing disregard for Sun-day as a day of rest and worship, and  they desire that this shall be remediedŠby law. Believing secular work on SundayŠthough legitimate enough in itselfŠto be irreligious, they ask that this shall be dis-continuedŠby law. They fear also that many are working too hard for their health, and therefore wish to persuade them to take more restŠby law. They complain that Sunday trains, Sunday newspapers, and Sunday amuse-ments interfere with church attendance; and consequently recommend that all places of businessŠexcept churchesŠbe closed on SundayŠby law. They do not intend by this, they say, to compel any one to attend church, but simply to extend a cordial invitation for such attendanceŠby law. From the growing carelessness in re-gard to Sunday observance, and the laxity in church attendance, they see that many are becoming irreligious, and they simply desire to stop this irreligious tend encyŠby law. Hence, they urge all persons who be-lieve in upholding this weekly rest-dayŠby lawŠto do all in their powerŠby law Što create sentiment in favor ofŠsuch laws. They do not intend to persecute, but simply to compel others to conform to their ideas of religionŠby law. In short, they believe in moral suasion Šby law. Therefore they pray the Lord to assist them in this work of inducing the people to keep SundayŠby law. They petition the legislature to help them onŠby law. They ask civil magistrates to teach the people that Sunday is the SabbathŠby law. They ask for everything butŠa divine Sunday law. This they know is not to be found, and hence they ask Parliament to passŠa Sun-day law. So readeth the first and last chapters of Sunday legislation. W. A. COLCORD. Melbourne, Australia. Ł .  Alexander Campbell on Sunday Laws for Sunday Worshipers. [In 1820 there was organized in West Middletown, Washington Co., Pa., a society, called the West Mid-dletown Moral Society. The principal object of the society was to enforce the Pennsylvania Sunday law of 1794, which is still on the statute books of the State. This Moral Society was organized by the United Presbyterians, the same people who,, later in 1863, organized the National Reform Association. Alex-ander Campbell, the founder of the Christian or Dis-ciple Church, ably opposed the society in a series of articles published in the Reporter, of Washington, county seat of Washington County. His articles were signed Candidus." A United Presbyterian minister, by the name of Wylie, attempted to defend the society, and signed himself " Timothy." The discussion con-tinued from April 17, 1820, the date of Mr. Campbell's first article, to February 22, 1822, during which time almost every phase of the compulsory Sunday law question was treated. As a result the Moral Society perished, not to appear again until 1863 when it was revived by the same denomination under the name, National Reform Association. Every word of Mr. Campbell's invincible logic and withering denuncia-tion is applicable to the association, resuscitated under the name, National Reform Association, and kindred organizations, such as the American Sabbath Union, the Pennsylvania Sabbath Association, etc.] MR. TIMOTHY complained that I have not noticed his seven arguments in favor of coercing certain persons to pay some regard to the first day. I did not think that he called them arguments until his last numbers appeared. We shall, since he has defined them with this title, ex- 