234 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Sunday-Observance Bill in Michigan. THE following Sunday-observance bill has been re-ported in the Michigan legislature at Lansing:Š "A BILL "To prohibit every kind of show, exhibition, or perform-ance, in the nature of amusement, the same being for profit, on the first day of the week commonly called Sunday. "The people of the State of Michigan enact: "SEcTioN 1. That no person shall engage in forgain or profit, any horse racing or baseball playing, or take part in or assist in for gain or profit, the performance of any tragedy, comedy, opera, ballet, farce, negro min-strelsy, negro or other dancing, wrestling, boxing with or without gloves, sparrin contest, trial of strength, or any part or parts therein, or any circus, equestrian or dramatic performance, or exercise, or any performance of jugglers, acrobats, club performance, or rope dancers, on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday. " SEC. 2. Every person aiding in such exhibition, performance or exercise, by advertisement, posting or otherwise, and every owner or lessee of any garden, building or other room, place or structure, who leases or lets the same for the purpose of any such exhibition, performance or exercise, or who assents to the use of the same, if it be so used shall be guilty of a misdemeanor. "SEc.,3. Besides all other penalties presented by this act, every such exhibition, performance or exercise, shall of itself annul any and all license and licenses which may have been previously obtained by the manager, super-intendent, agent, owner or lessee, using or letting such building, garden, room, place or other structure, or con-senting to such exhibition, performance or exercise. "SEC. 4. Any persons who shall violate any of the provisions of this act, shall be deemed guilty of a mis-demeanor and, upon conviction thereof, shall be pun-ished by a fine of not less than twenty-five dollars, nor more than one hundred dollars and costs of prosecution or by imprisonment in the county jail for not more than sixty days, or both such fine and imprisonment in the discretion of the court. And in such case, such fine shall not have been paid at the time such imprisonment ex-pires, he, the person serving out such sentence shall be further detained in jail until such fine and costs shall have been fully paid: Provided, That in no case shall the whole term of imprisonment exceed sixty days. "SEC. 5. All acts or parts of acts conflicting with the provisions of this act are hereby repealed." PRESS dispatches of the 5th inst. mention the arrival in Texas of a doctorŠC. V. Harris by nameŠwho claimed to be en route from the Philippines to Washington on important business with the War Department. What is important about the matter is his statement that the reports of, excellent health among the American troops in and around Manila are false. He says that many soldiers are in such a low state physically that, in de-spair over their condition, they deliberately expose themselves as targets for the enemy's guns. Some doubt  is cast upon his truthfulness in the matter, but state-ments from other sources at the seat of hostilities do not tend to discredit them. "Empire" in Law and Morals. SENATOR HOAR SUMS UP THE CASE AGAINST THE CONQUEST AND DOMINATION OF THE, FILIPINOS. IN reply to a letter from more than one hundred men of eminence in Boston, Senator Hoar said:Š "No man during this whole discussion has success-fully challenged and no man will successfully challengeŠ "FirstŠThe affirmation that under the Constitution of the United States the acquisition of territory or of other property is not a constitutional end but only a means to a constitutional end, and that while the making of new States and providing national defense are constitutional ends, so that we may acquire and hold territory for those purposes, the governing of subject peoples is not a constitutional end, and that there is therefore no constitutional warrant for acquiring and holding territory for that purpose. "SecondŠThat to leave our own country, to stand on foreign soil, is in violation of the warnings of our fathers and of the Farewell Address of Washington. "ThirdŠThat there was never 'a tropical colony yet governed with any tolerable success without a system of contract labor. "FourthŠThe trade advantages of the Philippine Islands, if there be any, must be opened alike to all the world, and that our share of them will never begin to pay the cost of subjugating them by war or holding them in subjection in peace. "FifthŠThat the military occupation of these trop-ical regions must be kept up at an immense cost both to the souls and the bodies of our soldiers. "SixthŠThat the declaration as to Cuba by. the Pres-ident and by Congress applies with stronger force to the case of the Philippine Islands. "SeventhŠThat Aguinaldo and his followers, before we began to make war upon them, had conquered their own territory and independence from Spain with the ex-ception of a single city, and were getting ready to estab-lish a free constitution. "EighthŠThat while they are fighting for freedom and independence and the doctrines of our fathers, we are fighting for the principle that one people may control and govern another in spite of its resistance and against its will. "NinthŠThat the language and argument of those who object to this war are, without change, thelanguage and argument of Chatham, of Fox, of Burke, of Barre, of Camden, and of the English and American Whigs, and that the language and argument of those who support it are the language and argument of George III., of Lord North, of Mansfield, of Wedderburn, and of Johnson, and of the English and American Tories. "The question the American people are now consider-ing and with which they are about to deal is not a ques-tion of a day or of a year or of an administration or of a century. 