AMERICAN SENTINEL. 115 and that where the flag has been raised it must never be hauled down? What will be the cost of this new union with Great Britain, in which the United States "backs up" British policy in China? A war for dominion in the far East, in which Great Britain measures her strength against the powers of continental Europe, will be a struggle from participation in which the United States may well wish to be excused. As Senator Bacon said, "If that war comes it will not be confined to the Orient. If that war comes it will involve every leading nation of the world. If that war comes, not only will our young men lay their bones upon the distant soil of Asia, but our own country will have to stand its defense. When that war comes, there is not a seacoast city but what will be in danger of destruction from the allied navies of the world." And for all this a tax must be put upon the American peopleŠa heavy taxŠfar heavier than that which brought about the separation from Great Britain. But unlike that tax, it will be self-imposed, and one that can-not be repudiated. If the American people are not will-ing to pay that tax, they must repudiate it now. Human Rights. THE principle that each person shall mind his own business (1 These. 4:11), and let other people's business alone (1 Peter 5:15); in other words, that each person shall give account of himself to God, and shall leave every other person absolutely free to give account of himself to God and to nobody else; is not only specifi-cally stated in the Bible, but is emphasized by many lustrations. When Jesus was talking to his disciples just before he, ascended to heaven, he asked Peter, three times, the question, "Lowest thou me?" Peter responded that he did, and Christ replied, "Feed my lambs; Feed my sheep." And then as they were walking along,ŠJesus, Peter, and John,ŠPeter turned to Christ and said, "What shall this man do?" Jesus replied, "If I will that he tarry till I come, what is that to thee? Follow thou me." The Scripture says that Peter turned and saw the other disciple. following Jesus. That was what John was doing,Šfollowing Jesus. Peter too at first was fol-lowing Jesus; but when he turned to see John, what then was he doing? If he was following him at all he must have been following him backwards. But back-wards is no way to follow Jesus. Men must follow him with the face to him and the eyes upon him. The only way for Peter to have followed the Lord was to keep on the way he was going. But he was so concerned with the other disciple's welfare as to whether he was follow. ing the Lord just right or not, that he himself must turn from following the Lord to behold the other who was fo'llowing the Lord, and to inquire, Well, Lord, I am to do so and so; but what about this man? Jesus simply  said in other words, That is none of your business. What that man does is nothing whatever to you. Fol-low thou me. This illustrates the principle which the Lord Jesus established for the guidance of his disciples, and which he has drawn out in the thirteenth and fourteenth chapters of Romans. Therefore it is written, "Let us not judge one another any more: but judge this rather, that no man put a stumbling block, or an occasion to fall, in his brother's way." That is the point we are to watch. I am to watch myself that I do not put in your way an occasion for you to fall; and the only way I can do that is by keeping my eyes upon Jesus, and him only. Yet at this many will query, "Why, are we not our brother's keeper?" Yes. And it must not be forgotten that the man who first asked the question, "Am I my brother's keeper?" was brought to thel,point where he asked that question by his disregard of the very princi-ple which we are studying. If Cain had regarded the principle which is here before us, of following the Lord for himself, and letting Abel follow the Lord for himself, rendering allegiance to his own Master ;in everything which he did, he would never have been brought to the place where he said, "Am I my brother's keeper?" for the question would never have been asked himŠ"Where is thy brother?" It was only when Cain had failed to follow the Lord that he turned his attention to his brother; and because his brother's ways did not please him, he began to sit in judgment upon him and to find fault with him. And at last Cain decided that his brother's ways were so seri-ously wrong that he was not fit to be on the earth; and therefore the only reasonable and legitimate thing for him to do was to put Abel out of the way; and so he killed him. Why was not Abel fit to live? 0, because his ways did not please Cain, who set himself up to judge and correct Abel, and say what he should do, and how he should do it. This incident is placed at the very beginning of the Bible (Gen. 4:8, 9), and is repeated to the end of the Bible (1 John 3:12; Jude 11), as a warning to all people to regard the living principle that we are to honor God ourselves, and follow him ourselves, and let other people do the same. There is a secret in this which people do not realize. When an individual is following the Lord, and him only, Šwith his eyes upon the Lord, his whole heart devoted to the LordŠan influence goes forth from him that is ten thousand times more helpful to the man who is the farthest away from God, than can possibly be all the superintending that man can do when he takes his eyes away from Christ. People forget that it takes the power of God to convince a man of truth; and because a man does not go in the way which they think the Lord would h-ave him go, or because he does not go readily enough to please them, or does not shape his ways satisfactorily 