322 VoL. 10, No. 41. sharp sickle, saying, Thrust in thy sharp sickle, and gather the clusters of the vine of the earth; for her grapes are fully ripe. And the angel thrust in his sickle into the earth, and gathered the vine of the earth, and cast it into the great winepress of the wrath of God" ?" WHAT IS CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR ? THE word " Christian " means, pertaining to Christ,Špartaking of the nature and spirit of Christ. " Christian" endeavor, therefore, Š that which is such in fact,Šmust be such endeavor as bears the stamp of Christ's character and life. All Christian work is but the work of Christ himself, performed through human in- struments. But we see in this country very much that is called Christian endeavor, the like of which we search in vain to discover in the purposes and life of Christ. An example of this is fur-nished by the Christian Endeavor convention which closed its session in Brooklyn, October 9. This appears from the following resolu-tions, with the passing of which the conven- tion concluded its work:- 1. That we favor the execution of law, and call upon the executive officers in our towns and cities to honor their oaths of office and earn their salaries by executing law. 2. We protest against any modification of laws in the interest of the liquor traffic providing for the open-ing of saloons on Sunday. We protest against the inauguration by statute of any system of " local option " that does not cover the whole State. We call for such revision of the excise laws as will do away with the screens in saloon windows, and will permit policemen the right of entrance to saloons at all hours of the day or night. 3. We favor the divorce of city government from partisan politics. 4. We believe in the observance of Sunday as a day of rest from labor, service for humanity, and worship of God. 5. We congratulate the governor and legislature of Texas on their defense of decency in forbidding prize fighting. 6. We wish to express our sympathy with Armenia in her sufferings and with Cuba in her struggles. 7. We urge more interest in and work among mis-sion fields, home and foreign. 8. We pledge ourselves to purity in private life, loyalty to American institutions, and service to Jesus Christ. The commission given by Christ to his fol-lowers'  was: " Go ye into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature." Mark 16: 15. They were to go teaching all nations " to observe all things whatsoever I have com-manded you." Matt. 28:19, 20. This was the work that Christ did as a man on earth, and which he has done through his disciples in all the centuries since. All endeavor that is Christian must be in the line of fulfilling this commission. In these resolutions passed by the " Chris-tian Endeavor" convention, there is, however, not one reference to Christian work, as defined by these words of Christ, except the vague and weak reference in the seventh, and the last one, pledging the convention to " serv-ice to Jesus Christ;" and the nature of that " service" is presumably to be discovered in the light of the resolutions preceding. We look in vain through the record of the life of Christ for any precedent justifying the title of " Christian" to work of the nature de-scribed in the first six of these resolutions. His work did not concern municipal politics and government. It was work of a wholly different and higher sort. The truth is, such work is not true 16  Rev. 14: 17-19. Christian endeavor. It is political " reform " work done in the name of Christianity,Šthe work of the earthly arm clothed with Chris-tian authority and power, or what appears as such in the public mind. Christian work is the work of Christ by the Spirit, not with any carnal weapons of warfare, but with spiritual weapons, which are " mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds; casting down imaginations, and every high thing that ex-alteth itself against the knowledge of God, and bringing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ." 2 Cor. 10: 3-5. It overthrows the strongholds and puts to flight the hosts of the enemy not by political agencies, but by " the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God." EXCLUDED FROM CANADA. THE Truth Seeker, a "Journal of Free Thought and Reform," published in this city, has been excluded from the mails in Canada, under a ruling of the Postmaster General, because of its " scurrilous and blas-phemous character." It seems that the particular feature of the Truth Seeker, which has excited the ire of the Canadian authorities, is the pictures which appear each week upon the first and last pages of the paper. These pictures certainly are objectionable from a Christian standpoint. Those appearing on the last page, especially, are certainly blasphemous, and we confess that we do not like them. They are not only wicked because they ridicule sacred things,,  bat they are of ten grossly unfair. We believe they hurt the Truth Seeker; but that they justify its exclusion from the mails is quite another question. " Blasphemy " is an exceedingly elastic term. In some countries, to speak against the Virgin Mary is to be guilty of " blas-phemy.' In the early history of Maryland, to speak reproachfully of the Virgin was an offense punishable by a fine of five pounds; a second offense, by a fine of ten pounds; and a third offense, by confiscation of all property, and banishment from the colony. Genuine Christianity has no use for civil power, neither has it anything to fear from the Truth Seeker, or from any other paper of like character; and spurious Christianity cannot be trusted with the power to define and punish heresy. Those who favor the ex-clusion of the Truth Seeker and other infidel publications from the mails, would not stop there; they would likewise exclude everything that opposes them. At a National Reform Convention held last November in New Castle, Pa., Dr. McAllister the editor of the Chris-tian Statesman, exhibited a copy of the Truth Seeker to the audience and called attention to the cartoons on the first and last pages, and said that it was simply " secularism gone to seed." That statement was as grossly unfair as are some of the Truth Seeker's cartoons; but that was not the worst thing the Doctor did. He spoke of the AMERICAN SENTINEL in the same connection and classed it with the Truth Seeker, though he certainly knew there was an impassable gulf between the two papers. But bad as was Dr. McAllister's statement, it was not sufficiently strong to satisfy Dr. H. H. George., He arose, and referring again to the Truth Seeker, the SENTINEL, and to certain religious liberty tracts that had been distrib-uted in the town, said: " They all eminate from the same source and are of the same character." He could not well have made a statement that was more utterly devoid of the truth. The Truth Seeker is, to say the least, agnostic. It is diametrically opposed to the  Christian religion, while the SENTINEL is em-phatically Christian and is edited by ministers of the gospel, and is supported almost wholly by Christian people. Thus it appears that the same spirit which excludes the Truth Seeker from the mails because of its blasphe-mies, would go farther if it could, and exclude from the mails those Christian papers which do not teach the popular theology of the day. Both Canada and the United States would better endure the evils that they have, rather than place themselves in the power of a lot of theocrats who would speedily bring upon them evils which they know not of. SOME POLITICAL RELIGION. IT would be amusing were it not such a se-rious matter to witness the various attempts of the several political parties and factions in this city to successfully " straddle" the Sun-day and excise questions. We commented two weeks ago upon the attitude of the two great parties upon these questions, showing that both of them had de-clared in favor of meddlesome and mischievous Sunday legislation while professing to favor liberty. But bad as their utterances were, they have been exceeded in that direction by the anti-Tammany fusion in this city. This fusion has adopted the following so-called ex-cise plank (italics ours) :Š We insist that every citizen is entitled by the fact of his citizenship to enjoy the largest measure of per-sonal freedom, consistent with the welfare of the community, and not in conflict with the moral and re-ligious convictions of his fellow-citizens. While we believe that the sanctity of Sunday should be maintained in the interests of religion, of public morals and of health, through rest from all unnecessary labor on that day, we also believe due regard should be had to the sentiments of that large portion of the community who desire on that day to enjoy some or-derly and harmless recreation. We, therefore, favor and Will endeavor to secure such modification of existing laws as will prevent blackmail, partiality and oppression, and will enable this city to determine for itself, by popular vote, whether the sale of food, beverages, and other neces-saries, shall be permitted on Sunday during such hours and under such restrictions as will not interfere with religious observance and exercise. This sounds very much like a travesty upon even a political platform. It is positively the worst political utterance which we have yet seen. The, constitution of the State guaran-tees liberty of conscience and freedom of wor-ship;, but this so-called excise plank promises the individual only " the largest measure of personal freedom" "not in conflict with the moral and religious eoneictions of his fellow-citizens ;" which is only saying that a man,  shall not be permitted to enjoy any freedom other than may be conceded to him by the religious prejudices of his neighbors. This is worse even than the papacy, and all that is wanting to complete the utter inconsistency and the absurdity of it, is another plank pro-testing against the massacre of Christians by Turks in Armenia, and the killing of Chris-tian missionaries by Chinese mobs in. China. The whole trouble in those countries arises,  from the fact that the persecuted Christians assert the right to a " measure of personal freedom" that is " in conflict with the moral and religious convictions of " their fellow-: citizens. The weakness of this fusion deliverance on the question of personal freedom, is equaled by the absurdity of the party's attitude toward Sunday. That attitude is one of regard for the day as a religions institution, and a con-servator of public morals and health, in so far as a belief in " the sanctity of Sunday " is consistent with " harmless recreation" and the regular business of selling " food, bever- 