Waterman's Ideal Fountain Pen " I find the most satisfactory pen of its kind," says Chauncey M. Depew, President of the New York Central R.R., and thousands of others are ready to bear a similar testimony. This pen is simple and yet highly philosophi-cal in its construction. It rarely gets out of order and seldom needs repairs. The pen-points are fine, medium or coarse, and of all grades of flexibility from soft to very stiff. Any hand can be suited. A full guarantee goes with each and every pen. The cut shows a No. 4 pen (gentleman's size) reduced about one half in size. No. 1, $2.50 " 2, 3.00 " 3, 3.50 No. 4, $4.00 " 5, 5.00 " 6, 6.00 ATTRACTIVE TRUTHS IN LESSON AND STORY. A series of outline lessons with illustrative stories and Scripture verses for the use of those who are inexperienced in teaching the young. It is suitable for use in childrens' meetings and for home teaching Cloth, $1.25. THE CHRISTIAN'S SECRET OF A HAPPY.  LIFE. BY HANNAH WHITALL SMITH. Š0Š Standard edition, I2mo, 240 pages, 75 cents. Handy classic edition, 18mo 292 pages, cloth, gilt edge, 85 cents. JAN. 19, 1883. IHAITICAN Sia4N-PINEIT 23 religious liberty, know not to what lengths they may be led. Mild manners and a genial disposition are not proof against the remorseless and resistless logic of wrong principles coupled with human de-pravity and Satanic suggestion. It is a matter of record that Robespierre in his early career resigned a judgeship at Arras rather than condemn a criminal to death; yet he followed his theories to the bitter end and now stands " pilloried in history as a monster of cruelty which he never believed himself to be." Another, Dan-ton, saw too late the ruin and strove to re-strain from going to its full length the flood he had helped to let loose. When at last condemned to the guillotine for trying to stay the torrent, he was heard to say :Š This time twelve month I was moving the crea-tion of that same Revolutionary Tribunal. I crave pardon for it of God and man. They are all brothers of Cain. . . 0, it were better to be a poor fisherman than to meddle with governing of menl These and other popular idols were cast down by the maddened Paris mob when it " found itself to have been guided, not to a millennium, but to a massacre." What a warning to those who in the slightest degree, for any fancied good to come out of it, are diverging from principles of right and truth and teaching men to do so. Those who nowadays believe in an offi-cial religion, and the enforcement of Sun-day laws in our country, frequently cite the unhappy condition of France, with its " continental Sunday " and irreligion. " This country is not France," said a Chi-cago clergyman lately, giving his reasons' why the World's Fair should be closed by act of Congress. True; but is not the situation in France very like that which these same clergy are working to bring about in our country ? When Napoleon was reconstructing France, Lafayette tried to have him adopt the true principle regarding the separation of religion and the State, which was working so well in the new Republic across the Atlantic. But Napoleon counted only immediate expe-diency, and said : " Lafayette may be right in theory; but what is a theory ? A folly, when it is wished to apply to a mass of men." So was fastened upon the new France the old curse of making re-ligion a department of State. And to-day why should those who wish to make the State a teacher of religion and a guardian of religious observances in this country, point the finger of reproach at France, where the State now subsidizes the churches as public ministers of morality, and salaries not only Catholics and Prot-estants, but Jews and Mohammedans as well ? Official religion has helped to make France what it is, and anyone knows that one of the greatest dangers in that republic for years has been the in-triguing of religionists for political power and prestige. How then can American citizens hope to see anything but ruin and disruption in the efforts of religious zealots to set in operation here the same forces which have been the curse of Church and State countries in all time ? W. A. SPICER. Abiding Sabbath And Lord's Day. BY ALONZO T. JONES. A pointed review of the $500 and $1,000 prize essays in support of the Christian Sabbath, so called. Those desiring some $1,000 reasons for keeping the first day of the week, will find them here. 173 pages, 20 cents. Pacific Press, 43 Bond St., New York City, MISSIONARY LADIES IN FOREIGN LANDSŠBy Mrs. E. R. Pilman, author of "Heroines of the Mission fields," etc. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75c, FAVORITE BIBLE STORIES FOR THE YOUNG Š With numerous illustrations. 16mo, handsomely illuminated board covers, 50 cents. ; cloth extra, 75 cents. HENRY M. STANLEY, the African Ex-plorerŠBy Arther Montefiore, F. R. G. S. Brought down to 1889. 12mo. 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. JOHN BRIGHT, the Man of the People ŠBy Jesse Page, author of " Bishop Patter-son," "Samuel Crowther," etc. I2mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. GINN'S CLASSICAL ATLAS-4to, cloth, $2. 50. This work contains 23 colored maps, which were projected and executed by the late A. Keith Johnson, with a complete in-dex. JAMES CHALMERS, Missionary and Explorer of Raratonga and New GuineaŠBy Win. Robson, of the London Missionary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. JOHN GRIFFITH, Founder of the Han-kow Mission, Central ChinaŠBy Wil- liam Robson, of the London Missionary society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. SAMUEL CROWTHER, the Slave Boy who became Bishop of the NigerŠBy Jesse Page, author of "Bishop Patter-son " 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. WILLIAM CAREY, the Shoemaker who became a MissionaryŠBy Rev. J. B. Myers, Association Secretary Baptist Mission-ary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illus-trated, cloth extra. 75 cents. ROBERT MORRISON, the Pioneer of Chinese MissionsŠBy Wm. J. Town-send, Sec. Methodist New Connexion Mis-sionary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illus-trated, cloth extra, 75 cents. THE NEW BIBLE ATLAS AND GAZ-ETTEER, with 16 colored maps by W. and A. Keith Johnson, and a very elaborate gaz-etteer, giving information about nearly every place which is marked upon the maps, with scripture references. 4to, cloth, $1. 50. MEMOIRS OF EDWIN BAINBRIDGE.ŠThe subject of this memoir is the young English tourist who met his death at the dreadful volcanic eruption of Tarawera, New Zealand, on the 10th of June, 1886. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, '75c. SIBERIA AND THE NIHILISTS.ŠWhy Kennan went to Siberia. By William Jack-son Armstrong. This is one of the most in-tensely interesting and thoroughly reliable contributions to literature on Russia and the Nihilists ever published. Everybody should read this book, because no one can be intel-ligent upon the subject of which it treats without familiarity with its contents. 160 pages, paper covers, 25 cents. NEW HISTORICAL ATLAS AND GEN-ERAL HISTORYŠBy Robert H. Lab berton. This is the only atlas that has a map for every period. A map for any par-ticular date can instantly be found by any one. It contains, now made for the first time, maps of the Chaldean, Elamitic, Egyp-tian, Kossean, Armenian, Hittite, and As-syrian Empires. It contains 198 maps, print-ed in colors, 30 genealogical charts, and is complete in one volume. 4to, 312 pages. Sent by mail or express, post-paid. Half law sheep, $2. 75; half morocco, $3.00, FOUND AT LAST! A POCKET SPELLER, DICTION ARY, AND MEMORANDUM BOOK COMBINED. It gives the right orthography of al words (over 22,800) in common use, and in nearly every instance their definition. It also gives rules for the use of capitals and punctuation marks, abbreviations of name s of States and Territories, letters of intro-duction and recommendation, definitions of commercial terms, forms of notes, due bills, receipts, letters of credit, orders for money, merchandise and goods stored, principal holidays, marriage anni- versaries, combination of shades, and carefully selected laws of etiquette in social and business life, also a silicate slate for memoran- dums. This Speller gives the most complete list of words in com-mon use; it is a Speller, Dictionary, Handy Companion, and Memorandum Book combined; it is indexed; it prints all words pronounced alike but spelled differently, so they can be dis-tinguished at a glance; it shows where the letter eat the end of a word is to be dropped when adding ed or ing ; it gives a com-plete list of the most practical business forms; it gives the laws of etiquette in social and business life; these rules alone are worth the price of the Speller. This Speller is bound in leather, is of convenient size to be carried in vest pocket, and its price brings it within the reach of all. American Russia leather, gilt edge, 50 cents. Sent post-paid to any address on receipt of price. Address Pacific Press Publishing Co., 43 Bond St., New York City. Address all Orders to PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, 12TH FL CASTRO STS., I 43 BOND ST., OAKLAND, CAL. Ignw Yolut. 