THE _AMERICAN SENTINEL. 373 religious bodies puts it at $2,094,000, with the statement that it is probably twice that. amount. All this property is exempt froth taxation under the laws of the State of Illinois. The value of these lots is in-creasing rapidly, and the "unearned in-crement." in a few years, will make the societies that own them enormously wealthy, like the Trinity corporation in Neil?' York, for instance; and yet while the people are-groaning under the burden of taxation imposed by the city government, these valuable lots enjoy the protection of the law and the advantages of a great city, without paying one cent of taxes. In other words the People generally who own prop-erty are taxed to enrich religious societies. ThiS is Most unjust and will result in evil. Is It so Doubtful? THERE, is not," says the Denver News, "one chance in a thousand that the legis-lation advocated by Mr. Crafts will be enacted. It is very doubtful if five mil-lion adult persons could be found in the United States to favor it, when its scope is understood. The misfortune is that in trying to stamp Sunday with a character that is repugnant to our civilization, there is danger of repelling millions of people from its support as a day of national rest from toil. No more efficient means can be found for antagonizing all Sunday laws than an attempt to force the religious con-victions of one class on another in respect to Sunday observance." " Dr. Crafts refers to the Sunday leg-islation on the statutes of many of the State as proof that public opinion would sustain the legislation he wants. It is true that many laws are in existence which do not accord with the grand con-ception of religious liberty that was entertained by the founders of our Gov-ernment, and that was given expression in the national Constitution for Federal guidance. But Mr. Crafts might have added that in most cases such laws have no force, no attention being paid to themŠ: which is a truer indication of popular sen-timent." Church and State. SAID Andrew Melville, a Scotch Presby-terian, to King James VI. of Scotland (James I. of England) I must tell you there are two kings and two king-doms in Scotland. There is King James, the head of the commonwealth, and there is Christ Jesus, the King of the Church. It is to be understood of these two kingdoms they are both of God. But they have different provinces and jurisdictions and are not to be confounded. One of these is of this world, is set UP for, the protection of life and property, and uses for this end temporal rewards, pains and penalties. The other is spiritual, and contemplates the spread of theknowledge of God, the promotion of morality, and the production of such graces as faith, and hope and charity. Its rewards and penalties stretch be-yond this world into the other. 1NTAINECIIOTALX.i RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. DECLARATION of PRINCIPLES: We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit-ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on religious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to Worship according to the dictates of his own con-science. We also believe it to be`our duty to use every lawful and honorable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil government; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the in-estimable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES. 43 Bonn STREET, NEW Youx CITY ; 225 A ST., N. E., WASHINGTON ; 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO. A Rabbi on Religious Liberty. [The following paper is a speech delivered by Rabbi David Phillipson before the late Secular Con-gress at Portsmouth, Ohio. It has not previously appeared in print, and at our request was furnished to us by the Rabbi for publication in THE SENTINEL. The paper is a manly discussion of the question; the introduction, a merited rebuke to those who would make secularism and infidelity synonymous terms. Space has compelled us to somewhat abridge this paper.] IT may appear strange to many to see a preacher on this platform. I must con-fess that after some things I heard last night, it appears somewhat strange to me also, but as I have never been given to running away I shall stand my ground here, too. When I was requested to de-liver an address before this body I was informed upon inquiry as to the purpose of this Union, that it had been formed with the object of emphasizing the necessity of the separation of Church and State in all their departments. Being in thorough ac-cord with this, I consented to come, and I expected that all the addresses would be devoted to elucidating the principles of religious liberty in its various lights. I was not prepared to hear statements such as were uttered here last night : fierce attacks upon the Bible, upon religion, upon the preachers, etc. I feel inclined to cry to the speakers, " Shoemaker, stick to your last." If this society has been formed to pro-mulgate the principles of the separation of Church and State, then why not stick to this text ? It seems to me that well-nigh anything but this was spoken about. For example, last night we heard the Bible called a barbarian book. If the Bible were understood, no such expression would be applied to it by even the greatest ex-tremist. It is true, and I do not for a moment deny, that there are passages in the book which designate a lower state of morality than we have reached to-day. It is true that there are sections which we would not have our children read, but  with all that there is no justification for calling it a barbarian book. If it were fully understood that the Bible represents in its various books a religious development, that it ,is the record of the religious progress of the Jewish people from idolatrous and anthropomorphic be-ginnings to the religion of the prophets, one God and one humanity, a point that the world has not come to even to-day, no one would be guilty of naming it a bar-barian book. It says among other things in that Bible, "Thou shalt love thy neigh-bor as thyself." Would you call this a barbarian book ? It says in that Bible, " Thou shalt not oppress the stranger." Would you call this a barbarian book ? The fifteenth psalm in that Bible, in an-swer to the question, " Who shall dwell in God's holy place ? answers, " He that walketh uprightly, and worketh right-eousness and speaketh the truth in his heart; that uttereth no calumny with his tongue. Doeth no evil to his neighbor and bringeth no reproach on his fellow-man; in whose eyes the despicable is de-spised, but that honoreth those who fear the Lord; that sweareth to his own injury and changeth not; that putteth not out his money for interest and taketh no bribe against the innocent." Would you call this a barbarian book ? The prophet Micah states as the highest object of life, " To do justice, to love mercy, and to walk humbly with God." Would you call this a barbarian book ? These are but a few sentences which occur to me as I stand here; numberless others of like import could be quoted. Surely they do not sound very barbarous. It must never be forgotten that the Bible is at once a historical record of the Jewish people, and the storehouse of eter-nal truths. The portions of the book dealing with the life of the people in Palestine are of historical value only; the other parts are the everlasting and undy-ing truths by which, and through which, mankind has been helped onward and up-ward; they will endure forever, for truth is undying, and they express the truth of religion and morality, the truth of God. Whatever else they are they are not bar-barian, for in many instances the words of the prophets and psalmist still stand above our vaulted civilization, and not the most bitter opponent of the Bible will call our civilization barbarian. But enough of this. Another speaker of last evening made a savage attack upon the preachers. (Here the speaker took occasion to answer this also, and to show how this had nothing to do with the subject in hand). After this introduction, called forth by what I heard here last night, I will proceed to a dis-cussion of the theme for the, consideration of which I came to this meeting. The principle of the separation of Church and State lay at the foundation of this Government, and if during the hundred C. ELDRIDGE, W. H. McKEE, President. Secretary. 