112 AMERICAN SENTINEL.. NEW YORK, PEBRUARY 15, 1900. THE Sunday laws of the States all recognize that it is necessary to do some work on Sunday, and provide an exemption for such work, often specifying work which is necessary only to avoid some pecuniary loss. But if it is a necessity that people should be saved from pecuniary loss, is it also a necessity that the people have the right to choose their own hours of rest, labor, and recreation? Are the natural rights of the people as much of a necessity to them as is something that can be represented in dollars and cents? The SENTINEL contends that nothing can be more of a necessity to the people than that they be allowed to enjoy their natu-ral rights and liberties. IF England were a Christian na-tion, would she be more aroused over thefact that a republic in South Africa opposes the march of her empire through that continent than over the fact that many millions of her subjects in India are stricken with famine, suffering from hunger and disease,Šmen, women, and little children wasting to skeletonsŠwho must perish unless some friendly hand is reached out to help them? Would England now be spending her millions and taxing all her mighty resources to conquer a for-eign people and deny to them the right of self-government, instead of to relieve the dreadful distress of human beings in India who look to her for help, if she were truly a Chris-tian nation? Who can answer this question in the affirmative? How TRUE was the prophecy of Thomas Jefferson, the great Amer--,ean advocate and exponent of nat-Aral rights, concerning the survival of the rights of the American people:  "From the conclusion of this war [the Revolution] we shall be going down hill. It will not then be nec-essary to resort every moment to the people for support. They will be forgotten, therefore, and their rights disregarded. They will forget themselves but in the sole faculty of making money, and will never think of uniting to effect a due re-spect for their rights. The shackles, therefore, which shall not be knocked off at the conclusion of this war, will remain on us long, will be made heavier and heavier, till our rights shall revive or expire in a convul- _ Š sion."---Notes on Virginia, Query XVII. Is it not true that the people have "forgotten themselves but in the sole faculty of making money?" Are they not careless of their rights, save such rights as are concerned with money-gettingŠis not money_ getting, with the vast majority, the one all-absorbing craze? And how far off can we be from the convulsion which Jefferson foresaw? - WHAT is more tiresome than to spend a whole day doing nothing? What is more taxing on the nerves than a whole day of compulsory idle-ness? And yet this is the remedy proposed for the weariness that comes from the week of labor, by the people who advocate Sun-day laws. For those people, as is well known, want to forbid both labor and recreation on the day they believe to be the Christian Sabbath. They themselves can find congenial occupation in going to church on Sunday, and they would go to church and observe the day without any Sunday law. But people who do not want to go to church, and do not have a religious regard for the day, can only be made more weary than ever by being forci-bly shut off from the avenues of exercise and recreation they would naturally chooseŠcompelled to loaf through the daylight hours of the Sunday Sabbath. To call this a remedy for weariness is truly a mockery. THE governmental authorities in the Cook Islands have recently, by law, changed the Sabbath observed there from the seventh to the first day of the week. Previous to this, everybody had been observing the seventh day and working on the first day, even those people who be-lieved in Sunday observance and by whose efforts the change to Sunday was brought about. But now, peo-ple in the islands who believe in observing the seventh day, are to be punished by fine or hard labor for continuing to do what all the people were doing only a short time before, and what had always been done since the islands were first discovered. (See p.s 99.) This is the spirit of all Sunday legislation. THE imposition of a tariff upon Porto Rican products, now that the island belongs to the United States, is clearly contrary to the Consti-tution, and is vigorously denounced by American journals, even by those which have favored the policy by which Porto Rico became United States property. TheEveningPost, of this city, says this proposed measure will be "an act of unparal-leled and shameful cruelty," "so cruel, so heartless, so charged with disaster and starvation for 1,000,-000 human beings, that to adopt it would entitle Spain, or Russia, or even Turkey, to send missionaries to us." And The Independent, as we' mentioned last week, condemns it in terms hardly less strong. But what else was to be expected? The imperial policy is a heartless policy; and why should any one who advocates it be surprised that heart-less measures should be the out-come? It is all only what is de-manded by the "interests of trade," and these interests are in most governments the controlling force to-day. LOOKING at Kentucky, the coun-try is admonished, or should be, that it is time to talk more softly about the virtue and necessity of Anglo-Saxon civilization, for other people afar off who do not know how to govern themselves, and might get into a, family quarrel if left alone. 