260 AMERICAN SENTINEL. and important reforms needed, and that none of these can be accomplished until we acknowledge Christ, unite in his name, and the right to rule has been restored to the people. Not a union of church and state, but a union of all Christian votes at the ballot box. "We therefore present this system of government to the people, in the name of Christ, not as a substitute for lather reforms, but as the only method by which further reforms can be accomplished. "Therefore we, as a Christian party of reformers seeking the welfare of all the people, pledge .our entire energies to the work of securing a system which will make reform possible. "We believe that it will be impossible to secure direct legislation without a union of all Christians and all re-formers and reform parties; we therefore ask all of His followers, regardless of nationality, creed or color, sex or previous politics, to join hands with us at the ballot box in making this a government which shall be in fact a government from God through Christ by and for the people. "Resolved, That we, a body of Christian men and women assembled in the name of Christ, for the purpose of considering ways and means to unite the Christian voters at least one day in a year at the ballot box, and believing that Jesus Christ is the rightful ruler, and his name entitled to all the honor and glory; that there is no need of more than two partiesŠnamely, the Christian party and the devil's party,Šdo hereby resolve that we will not cast our ballots in any other name than in the name of Christ, and that we will aim and endeavor to be guided by God the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. "We believe in direct legislation of the people, and in order to make our Government a government from God through Christ, by and for the people, we will be governed in all things, lawmaking included, by this standard, `What Would Jesus Do?' "W. R. BENKERT, Chairman of Committee on Reso Ł lutions, Davenport Iowa. "J. F. R. LEONARD, State Chairman, Ainsworth, Iowa. "CHAS. W. MYERS, Secretary, Packwood, Iowa." "What would Jesus do?"Šthat is indeed a pertinent inquiry in connection with such work as is proposed by this and similar organizations calling themselves Chris-tian. But are they serious in asking it? Do they really believe he would adopt any of the methods of reform which they propose? What would Jesus do? That can be best answered through the query, What did Jesus Do? Jesus is the same to-day that he was when he lived under the rule of the Cwsars. Would he vote? He never did vote. Would he be the candidate of a political party? He pointedly refused that very thing in Judea. See John 6:15. Would he be a party to any plan to coerce people into obediŁ ence to his will? He could have coerced the Jews, but he never did. Jesus refused to be made a civil ruler. What then can be the result of this scheme to make him ruler to-day by "Christian" ballots? The vote will not make Jesus the ruler, for he will not serve; he is of the same  mind to-day that he always was. But the "Christian" vote will make some one ruler; that is certain. And it is certain that it will not be Christ, or any representa-tive of him. That vote will not set up the kingdom of Christ, for the reason already stated, and which must be constantly kept in mind, that Christ refused to let the people make him a king. What kingdom then would be set up by these "Christian" ballots and who would be its ruler? As appears from this declaration of principles, it is designed by this movement to divide the political world into two great parties, "the Lord's party" and the "devil's party." All who shall have the temerity to op-pose this great combine of "Christian" voters will of course belong to the "devil's party." And from this may be anticipated the coming social and political standing of all such as are resolved to conform in belief and practice to Jesus' declaration beforeŁ the Roman governor of Judea,Š"My kingdom is not of this world." The Constitution of American Imperialism.ŠNo. 2. BY JOHN D. BRADLEY. IMPERIALISTS have been clamorous for a recognition of the situation "as it is." They have been impatient that anybody should stop to think and talk of the past' instead of addressing themselves to "the question and the situation just as it is," which "has not come through any fault on our part." The men from whom we quoted last week in a certain sense recognize the situ-ation and have addressed themselves to the question as it is. So plainly, so directly, and so coolly have they done so that their language is not likely to mislead any-one as to the situation that now confronts the American people. In the light of these outspoken declarations of leading imperialists, the situation is too plain to admit of doubt. He who knows the value and meaning of lib-erty and free government will need nothing more to bring him to a most lively realization of the situation as it is, indeed. And in the realization of what it is, he will realize what it is not. The situation as it is and the serious and over-shadowing question with which the American people are brought face to face, is not a matter of a few Americans having gotten into Manila and can't get away; it is not a matter of "who will haul down the flag where conquest of arms has placed it;" nor of "who will withdraw from the people over whom it floats its protecting folds;" it is not a matter of committing the free and enfranchised Filipinos to the guiding hand and the liberalizing influ-ences, the generous sympathies, the uplifting education, of their American emancipators;" it is not a matter of "the success of our own arms and the maintenance of our own honor;" it is not a matter of "putting down the rebellion," and of having "our authority acknowl- 