"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NO T."ŠJesus Christ. VOLUME 14. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 30, 1899. NUMBER 47. Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional. IrrAny one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay forit. (Entered at the New York Postornee.) TRUE reform starts in the heart, not in the legisla-ture. THE God of justice can never be recognized by an act of justice. THE Government is no more a human personality than "Uncle Sam" of cartoon fame, is a real being. ot SUBTRACT the sum of individual accountability to God from national accountability, and there is nothing left. THE person who says the Government ought to exe-cute the will of God, always assumes to be the mouth-piece of God for the authoritive declaration of his will. IT is folly to try to "recognize God" by putting into the.,. Constitution that which would deny God-given rights. God would not recognize such a "recognition." MORAL and religious accountability cannot exist apart from moral and religious freedom. No one can be held responsible for that in which he can exercise no choice. POLITICALLY, Christians are but a drop in the bucket;  but religiously, they are the "salt of the earth." The earth is preserved not by Christian votes, but by Chris-tian lives. ,AS No GOVERNMENT can be for religion without at the same time being against religion; for no religion can be named that is not contrary to some other religion. The government ought to be against no religion; and it can be so only by being non-religious. THE greatestfoe of Sabbath observance is not the Sabbath newspaper, or the Sabbath excursion, or any other thing of human device or manufacture; but the carnal heart. While this holds the citadel, all efforts to make the individual a Sabbath keeper will be useless. Religious Representation in Government. A MEMBER of Congress or of a State legislature, a judge, or any other official of civil government, is chosen to represent the people only in a purely civil capacity. And as that which is purely civil has no connection with religion, no legislator, judge, or other government official, can have anything to do, as an official, with religion. He can concern himself with religion only in his private individual capacity. In religion, he can represent only himself. As the representative of others, he has nothing to do with religion. "Then," says one, "according to this, as a represen-tative of the people he can throw religion and morality to the winds, let any evil become rampant in society, and have no responsibility in the matter !" Can he ? No; that is not what we say. Yet the " National Reform" party and their allies persistently hold this up as the only alternative to their doctrine that the legis-lator or other civil official ought to guard the religious as well as the secular interests of the people. 