26 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. that he "shall be this world's king; yea, verily, THIS WORLD'S king;" king of its courts, camps, com-merce;  colleges, cloisters, and constitutions. It de-clares that this kingdom of Christ "must enter the realm of law through the gateway of politics." The Union demands the ballot in the hands of women; in order to turn this Government into a theocracy, and have men "swear an oath of alle-giance to Christ in politics, and march in one great army up to the polls to worship God." With all this, their resolution to make him and his gospel the king and code in our government and po-litical affairs, and obedience to his law the only path to political righteousness and peace, is strictly consistent. But the Woman's Christian Temperance Union will have to go but a little farther in this direction before it will justly de-serye the open and determined opposition of every person who has any regard for civil government, or any respect for Christian principles. A. T. J. That Wonderful Letter. THE letter which Cardinal Gibbons wrote to W. F. Crafts has been the subject of a great deal of comment and conjecture. It is safe to say that that one letter' has been of more service to the National Sunday Union than everything else that has been done. On the strength of that letter, the number of signatures to the Sunday law petitions was advanced at once from some-thing over 6,000,000 to 14,000,000. Following is the entire letter, which we take, together with the introduction, from the January number of Our Day:Š "Cardinal Gibbons has indorsed the petition for a National Sunday rest slaw in the following letter, which is here for the first time published in full:Š "CARDINAL'S RESIDENCE, 408 N. CHARLES STREET, BALTIMORE, December 4, 1888. "REV. W. F. CRAFTSŠRev. Dear Sir: I have to acknowledge your esteemed favor of the 1st inst., in reference to the proposed passage of a law by Congress against Sunday work in the Gov-ernment's mail and military service,' etc. " I am most happy to add my name to those of the millions of others who are laudably contending against the violation of the Christian Sabbath by unnecessary labor, and who are endeavoring to promote its decent and proper observance by le-gitimate legislation. As the late Plenary Council of Baltimore has declared, the due observance of the Lord's day.  contributes immeasurably to the restriction o£ vice and immorality, and to the pro-motion of peace, religion, and social order, and cannot fail to draw upon the nation the blessing and protection of an overruling Providence. If benevolence to the beasts of burden directed, one day's rest in every week under the old law, surely humanity to man ought to dictate the,same measure of rest under the new law. "Your obedient servant in Christ, " JAMES CARDINAL GIBBONS, "Archbishop of Baltimore." There you have it. Now we ask, in all candor: Does it justify the claim that has been made for it? Was there any reason in that letter for doub- ling the number of signatures to the Sunday law petition, and throwing in a few thousand names extra? We say, No. There is not the slightest hint in it that the Cardinal thought he was acting officially. He says, "I am most happy to add my name," etc. If all the members of the Cath-olic Church virtually signed their names to that petition when Cardinal Gibbons did, then, by the same token, they all eat their breakfast when-ever he eats his breakfast. Are the members of the Catholic Church so closely united to Cardinal Gibbons that every individual act of his be-comes theirs ? Must they, per force, actually  sneeze every time he takes snuff? We know that he spoke only for himself, because intelligent Catholics have roundly denounced, as a piece of worse than political trickery, the effort to make it appear that, he signed for the whole Catholic Church; and not only so, but many Catholics, and even. Catholic priests, have signed the peti-tion asking Congress not to pass the Blair bills. And yet, in the very number of the magazine in which this letter is published, it is stated edi-torially, that "Cardinal Gibbons also sent him [Mr. Crafts] an official letter indorsing the peti-tion on behalf of the Plenary Council of the Roman Catholic Church." Senator Blair, also, in presenting the petitions to the Senate, De-cember 16, stated that the Cardinal had indorsed them in behalf of 7,200,000 Catholics. We can stretch. our charity enough to imagine that the Senator had never seen the Ł letter, since we do not positively know that he had seen it; and so we can absolve him from any attempt at willful deception. But what shall we say of the others, who had the letter in their possession ? We will not mention the commandment which they have deliberately broken, for we have no desire to put them personally into the pillory; but we do want everybody to know by what base trickery and contemptible frauds the officers of the National Sunday Union are trying to influence legislation. And still these men propose to purify politics! Ł « Sunday Law Meeting in Oakland. THE meeting held in Hamilton Hall, Tuesday evening, January 22, in the interest of a Sunday law in California, was a very tame affair. The speakers read or recited their pieces in a perfunc-tory manner, having the appearance of men some-what, discouraged. Although they have little or no hope of getting any satisfaction -at this session of the Legislature, they showed very clearly the spirit that underlies their movement, and the na-ture of the law that they want, and that is all that we are concerned about. Dr. M. C. Brigg,, of Santa Clara, and Dr. Dwindle, of the Pacific Theological Seminary, were the speakers of the evening. In his opening prayer, Dr. Dwindle prayed that the State might be awakened to the necessity of making Sunday not only a day of rest, but of moral quickening as well. In his remarks, he said: "The whole business of the community must cease practically, in order that all may have the benefit of the rest . day." That is to say, that the Doctor does not and cannot rest on Sunday, unless everybody else stops work. The untruthfulness of such a state-ment should be apparent to all. Thousands of people in the United States and in Europe; who rest on the seventh day, and who enjoy their rest and worship, and get all the benefit from it that there is in a rest day, show clearly enough that it is not necessary to have a law compelling everybody to rest, in order to accommodate a few. Dr. Briggs's speech was mostly a labored theo-logical argument. It would be utterly useless to report him in this, for two reasons. First, because theology has nothing to do with the matter. If the Doctor could read on every page of the Bible a plain declaration that Sunday ought to be kept as the Sabbath, it would not have a particle of bearing on the matter of a State Sunday law. The State has no business to legislate in matters pertaining only to God; and second, because the Doctor stumbled so much over Hebrew roots, that his efforts excited only pity, He did treat us to one brilliant, original piece of Biblical exegesis. Speaking of the Phrase, "the morrow after the Sabbath," which occurs a few times in connection with the Passover, he said : "The morrow after the Sabbath, is- mentioned all the way: along as following the Sabbath." His conclusion was, that Sunday. is the Sabbath ! When Buell-  arguments as that are hurled,  at us, our only refuge is silence: This may be taken as a fair sample of the arguments by which the ne-cessity for Sunday laws is shown ; and since it is less than nothing, we are driven to the conclusion that force of numbers will be the all-prevailing argument in taking away the liberties of the peo-ple. When he struck the New Testament, he didn't venture any such original thoughts, but contented himself with retailing the stale argument on the Greek of Matt. 28: 1, and similar passages, where the word " week " is rendered from Sabbaton. The Doctor asserted that that text should read, "the first of the Sabbaths," instead of "the first day of the week." This assertion was made with as much boldness as though all the scholar-ship of the world were not against such a render-ing. Any Greek scholar or lexicon will tell him that the word Sabbaton has the meaning of " week," as well as of "Sabbath." While the Doctcr was dwelling on this, we thought that we would like to quote to him Luke 18 :12,-where the Pharisee in the temple is repre-sented as saying in his prayer, " I fast twice in the week." Here the same word is rendered "week" as in Matt. 28 :1; and according to Dr. Briggs's theory of exposition, the text ought to read, "I fast twice in the Sabbath." Just imagine that well-fed Pharisee clasping his hands over his al-dermanic sides, while he sanctimonously raised his eyes, and said to the Lord: "I thank thee that I am not as other men are, for I abstain from eating twice every Sabbath-day"! This is ab-surd, but no more so than the renderings given by Dr. Briggs; so we may dismiss his Scripture argument. When the Doctor came right down to the matter of a civil law compelling men to keep Sun-day whether or no, he was more at home, and spoke with more freedom. Said he, " We don't want to make men religious." How often that is reiterated. One would think that there was nothing that these civil Sunday-law preachers dreaded so much as making men religious. He said that the Sunday law is designed only as "a measure of protection to those who are dependent on others; a police regulation ; a sanitary arrange-ment." We can well, believe that if it is ever en-acted it will be a police regulation, and that is just what we oppose. We don't want any police regulation of religious matters. As to sanitary arrangements, we would have more confidante in them if they originated with the medical fraternity, instead of the preachers. Only One thing more need be noted, and that is, his reason why there must be a law compelling everybody to rest on the same day. Said he, "If every manŁ is at liberty to choose his own day of rest, my neighbor who doesn't keep my day will work on my day, while I want to rest. So there must be one day for the whole community." There you have an expression of the mean sel-fishness out of which. all Sunday laws spring. "My neighbor will work on my day, unless there is a law compelling him to observe it.", Very likely; but how about Doctor Briggs? Will he not work Ł on the day on which his neighbor 