II Ł ,1111111,—,, ERICAN SENT1N "IF ANY MAN REAR MY IVOEDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Chris& ALONZO T. JONES, EDITOR. NEW YORK, AUGUST 19, 1897. VoL. 12, No. 33 Single Copy, 3 cents. The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. Or Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no tears that they will be asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Post-office.! Kr' No SENTINEL next week. The next issue will be dated September 2. IT is never the legitimate business of the State to use its power in an attempt to settle a religious contro-versy. -.44- Ł ALL religious legislation is an effort to compel the carnal mind to act like the spiritual mind; in other words, to do an impossibility. RIGHTS are independent of citizenship. The foreigner who becomes a naturalized citizen of the United States, neither loses nor gains any natural rights by the process. -ŁŁŁŁ-Ł- -ŁŁŁŁ THE power of the State, exercised through the police-man's club, may soften, the head, but it never softens the heart. The gospel, on the other hand, works by soften-ing the heart. W -444- THERE is much more honor given to the Deity in writing his name with a capital initial, than in trying to compel people to act in conformity with the religious ideas of some person or sect. 4 Ł A "GOVERNMENT of the people, by the people," whether by the majority or a small part of the people, cannot be a government of God. Any attempt to make it such can be nothing else than an effort to exalt man into the place of God. God governs by spiritual agencies alone. His rule in the kingdoms of men is only that of "an overruling providence." " You are a good man ; but we have a law, and the law must be obeyed." If this is a valid ground now for sending an individual to jail for working on Sunday, why was it not a valid ground-for putting to death Him who taught a religion contrary to the law of the Roman State in the days of Pontius Pilate? ONE very important question now before the Amer-ican people, whether they are aware of it or not, is that of whether there shall be set up in this Government a State or national "conscience." Such a thing, of course, could not exist in peace with the individual conscience, and the latter would be forced to surrender or involve its possessor in persecution. Every Sunday law Sets up a State conscience in the matter of the observance of the Sabbath. Ł -4- -4 God the Teacher In the Sciences. THE mistake that men make in thinking that the other sciences are not to be found in the Bible, is second only to the mistake that they make in thinking that the Bible itself is not scientific, and that Salvation is not science. God is the Author of all true science, and to all who will have God for their teacher He will give knowledge of the other sciences as well as of the science of Salvation. He has done this before, and the fact is recorded that all may know that he will do it always for all who will have him for their teacher. Solomon was but a youthŠabout eighteenŠwhen he became king of Israel. Yet with God for his teacher, in a short time he became the greatest scientist that ever lived either in ancient or in modern times. He knew thoroughly the whole range of Botany "from the cedar that is in LebanOn to the hyssop that springeth out of the wall." He knew just as thoroughly, zoology and ornithology and entomology and ichthyol-ogy. For he spoke not only of trees from the mighty cedar of Lebanon to the tiny hyssop, but "also of beasts, and birds, and creeping things, and fishes." 