244 AMERICAN SENTINEL. " We would inform Senator Vest that the idea that all men are created equal is not the fundamental law of this country. The fathers had better sense than to put that phrase in the Constitution. They wrote it in the Declaration which was simply their manifesto to Euro-pean powers, and is not law."* " We shall adhere to the provisions of the Constitu-tion and the instincts of the future."f "Resist the crazy extension of the doctrine that government derives its just powers from the consent of the governed .".t "The Constitution must bend."§ " We have outgrown the Constitution. It is not worth while to discuss it."II What then has been done with the Constitution of American Republicanism? Has it been thrown into the streets, or has it been burned up lest a fragment of it be read?ŠNo, neither of these things has been done. It remains in its accustomed place and speaks with its accustomed language, but it remains without limitation or restraint upon the men whom it was made to bind. But this is not all. It remains to " consecrate " and to "stamp legality" upon every act of unlimited and un-restrained power. As it thus remains it is the Constitu-tion of American imperialism. We apologize for the abuse of the word "constitution." When the imperial-ists have revised the dictionaries, this impropriety of diction will doubtless disappear. But remember that when, we speak of an instrument of unrestrained and unlimited powers as a constitution we are speaking of the constitution of imperialism. But how is it possible for the Constitution of Ameri-can republicanism to become the constitution of Ameri-can imperialism? How is it possible for an instrument of delegated and limited powers to become the instru-ment of sovereign and unlimited powers? How is it possible that the same words and sentences that have constituted a republican and representative government can become the mainstays of an imperial and arbitrary system? Let Mr. Charles Denby, late United States min_ ister to China and at present a member of the Philippine Commission, answer. We quote from the leading article of the February Forum at the point where Mr. Denby is showing how thoroughly constitutional is imperialism:Š " It will not do to say as a congressman said, What is the Constitution between friends?' but it may be said that it is the wisest and the most expansive document ever written by the hand of man. It is like the tent that Saladin gave to Richard. When it was folded it rested in a nutshell: when it was expanded whole armies could recline under its shade. The dear, glorious old docu-ment, it is always on the side of common sense, always on the side of progress, always ready to strengthen the glowing periods of the judiciary devoted to our country's honor, and to stamp legality on the great statutes of The Chicago Times-Herald. f Gen. Stewart L. Woodford [italics ours]. Whitelaw Reid. § President Capen. M General Merritt. freedom. Expansive? Why, it is expansive enough to cover the world, if necessary; and it can contract when the time and the occasion demand contraction. "The Constitution declared that no man shall be tried except by a jury of his peers. A jury is supposed to be twelve men. Bless you! We try Americans every day in China by a consul and two assessors; we try men accused of murder by a consul and four assessors; but the Minister must approve the death sentence. . . . "The Supreme Court has passed on all these ques-tions.* When a man was confined for life in a peniten-tiary in New York for a murder committed off Japan in a ship that flew the American flag, a writ of habeas corpus was refused to him by the Supreme Court. It held that his conviction was legal, although he was not tried by a jury. The Constitution had contracted to suit the case! . . . "The Constitution is a great document. Inter-preted by men supremely great, as it has been and is, it will consecrate just and wise laws made by Congress to take from the army the burden of maintaining law and order; and again, as often before in our history, cedant arma toga?. . . . "Elastic as the Constitution has been shown to be, it will stand forever as the bible of freedom." Take with the above the following statement made by Senator Platt of Connecticut, in the United States Senate, Dec. 19, 1898:Š " These are indeed great principles [the principles of the Declaration and the Constitution]; theyunderlie our free institutions, but they are not capable of literal ap-plication." In these quotations two of the most prominent and outspoken imperialists lay before us coolly and in very plain English the constitution of American imperialism, which they declare is the constitution under which the American Government is now being administered. These declarations should set every American to thinking seri-ously, for they are declarations which the American peo-ple cannot afford to look upon with indifference.' We shall have more to say with reference to them next week. Impropriety of Sunday Laws. "Lutheran Witness." WE cannot help seeing, in the first place, that all Sunday laws are prompted by the notion that Sunday is to be hallowed for the Lord's sake. Religious reasons have animated by far the greater number in advocating such laws; religious reasons also prompt the plaintiffs, and in many judicial decisions spiritual and worldly matters are sadly commingled. The common designation of the day, as it may be heard also in court, the "Christian Sabbath," is an abomination according to Scripture. Christ is Lord also of the Sabbath, and we will let no man judge us in re- At another place Mr. Denby refers to the Supreme Court as "the tribunal which governs the United States by its judgments." 