242 THE AM EI,ICA.N SENTINEL. to be taught in the public schools, how much would we lack of having a union of Church and State ? True, we might not have a denominational organization known as the State Church, and supported out of the treasury, but we would have practi-cally the same thing, for we would have a creed officially recognized by the Gov-ernment. There is one phase of this question which is generally lost sight of, and that is the rights of non-church people, or if you please, non-Christian people. The National Reform idea is that every gov-ernment is a government of God, and that the powers that be derive their power from God, and this not in the sense in which the apostle declares that "the pow-ers that be are ordained of God," but in the sense that his law should be the basis of their law, or, in other words, that men should be governed by the divine law ad-ministered by their fellow-men. But on the other hand, the Declaration of Independence declares that " Govern-ments derive their just powers from 'the consent of the governed ; " this, however, National Reformers deny. In the Missouri Sunday Convention held in Sedalia in 1889, Rev. W. D. Gray said :Š I do not believe that governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed, and so the object of this movement is an effort to change that feature in our fundamental law. Now if the National Reformers be cor-rect, and governments do derive their just powers directly from God, and not from the consent of the governed, and if it be their duty to administer the law of God, it follows that they must decide what that law is, and what it requires ; and if they have that right, then all good citizens should yield obedience to what-ever decisions they may make. But to assent to such a thing would be to deny God, or at least to place men in the place of God, which amounts to the same thing. The trouble with the whole scheme of National Reform is, that instead of making man responsible to God it makes him re-sponsible to earthly and fallible govern-ments, for 'if the Government has the right to establish a religion and define and say what that religion is, as it must .do if it gives it any official recognition whatever, it has the right to change that religion, so that with every change in the Government there may be a change also in the religion. And if it is a duty the citizen owes to God to yield obedience to the religion of the State, it is equally his duty to change his religion with each change of the Government. In short, National Reformers would destroy per-sonal responsibility to God, and make the citizen responsible alone to the State. In-stead of looking to the law of God to know what is right and what is wrong, a citizen would have to look to the law of the land, or at least to human interpretation of the law of God, to know his duty to God.  For instance, under a Catholic govern-ment, it would be the duty of the citizen to adore pictures and images; while under a Protestant government, it would be sin and crime for him to do the same thing. The only safe and tenable ground is to declare, as did the Saviour, that those things which are Ceesar's should be ren-dered to Caesar, and those things which are God's should be rendered to God; or, in other words, that those duties which we owe to the State should be discharged to the State, and those duties which we owe to God should be discharged to God. In short, that the State can of right have nothing whatever to do with defining or enforcing the individual's duty toward God. Anything more than this puts men in the place of God, because it makes them judges of the divine law and allows them to usurp the place of conscience, and authorizes persecution for conscience' sake. C. P. B. Ł Madison's Regard for Sabbatarians. IT was a noble characteristic of our early statesmen that they regarded all sects equal, or, in other words, they re-garded all persons in whatever sect as equally entitled to carry out their relig-ious views. It was not the spirit of the modern Sunday-law agitator who would allow the Christian to keep the day of his choice sacred and compel all others to do so too; but it was freedom for the Chris-tian, freedom for the Jew, freedom for the pagan, and freedom for the agnostic. Madison, at different times, had occasion to express himself in reference to the Jew being on "perfect equality" with the Christian, and in the following letter he expresses it as his opinion that such a course is the surest way of securing ulti-mate harmony. He writes to a Jewish Rabbi, closing as follows :Š Having ever regarded the freedom of religious opinions and worship as equally belonging to every sect, and the secure enjoyment of it as the best human provision for bringing all into the same way of thinking or into that mutual charity which is the only substitute, I observe with pleas-ure the views you give of the spirit in which your sect [the Jewish people] partake of the blessings offered by our Government and laws. If the principles of the Constitution were adhered to it would not be necessary to publish the news of the arrest of some Sabbatarian every now and then, simply because some Sunday keeper takes a dis-like to his ideas and actions in reference to the fourth commandment. Ever since their adoption the Sabbatarian, both Jew and Christian, has unqualifiedly approved and heartily supported American princi-plesŠespecially allowing every one to do as he pleases in religious matters so long as he does not interfere with.the same right in others. Why can not the Sunday keep-ers do the same, and leave the Sabbata-rian unmolested in his seventh-day wor-ship and first-day work ? It always gave  Madison pleasure to see American princi-ples carried out, and the "blessings offered by our Government and laws" appre-ciated. State Religion and Ignorance. WHEN we show that the religio-political schemes of the present, if consummated would result in a perfect image of the Papacy of the past, and in a repetition of all its iniquitous, and bloody history, it is often objected, that we are living in ,a different age; people are now educated, and liberal of thought, whereas then they were ignorant, and narrow, and intensely bigoted. It is argued that this alters the case entirely. To allow a set of narrow and bigoted fanatics to dictate in the affairs of State, it is admitted, was as bad as we claimŠlanguage could hardly exag-gerate the terrible curseŠbut to consign the reins of Government to educated and liberal minded Christian people, who will control everything in the interests of Christianity, is entirely different. Only the most willful and determined mis-representation, it is thought, can account for the associating of these two things together, and reasoning as if they were one and the same. Surely Christianity is the goal of all true evolution; the panacea for all the ills of the individual and the State; the highest possible attainment, morally, intellectually, and spiritually, of the human mind; the summit par excel-lence toward which all should strive. Why should not the civil Government, and everything else, if possible, be made to minister to all this ? This argument is specious, and to many minds it is conclusive against the posi-tions taken by THE SENTINEL; it there-fore demands a candid and logical answer. Its error consists in reasoning as though the ignorance, and bigotry, which in the Dark Ages, made the union of Church and State such a terrible means of perse-cution and bloodshed, were something en-tirely independent of that unionŠa mere unfortunate accident of the times, which-made such a union dangerous. This is not so. That ignorance and bigotry were the direct and unavoidable result of that union of religion with the State. The ignorance itself being a direct and unavoidable result of that union of Church and State, the bigotry and persecutions  consequent from the ignorance, were also unavoidable results of that union. How-ever harmless, or even beneficial, they may seem at the first, the fact is, if they remain in' force long enough, all religious laws always have, and always will gener-ate the ignorance and the bigotry neces-sary for their own enforcement to the relentless persecution of those who oppose them. We speak of the Dark Ages, but the world had not always been in igno-rance and darkness. It is true, -modern science has made wonderful advancement 