APRIL 18, 1895. .A.TVIM C A—N SIB:arr I 27 BISHOP AND PRIEST REVILING EACH OTHER. THE Converted Catholic has given consider-able space to the quarrels between Roman Catholic Bishop McQuaid, of Rochester, N. Y., and Father Louis A. Lambert, one of the priests of his diocese, late editbr of the Cath-olic Times of Philadelphia, and for the pres-ent editor of the New York Freeman's Jour-nal. In the exchange of characteristic Roman Catholic ecclesiastical civilities, priest Lam-bert in his paer called his bishop "a political place bunter," " a. disappointed office-seeker," and declared him " jealous of the success of some of his fellow-bishops." He instanced cases of the bishop's cruelty to his priests, -who, 415r some reason, or none, as Father Lam-bert insinuated, were suspended, unjustly de- rived of their,rights and turned out to starve y this " charitable " bishop. Now, in turn, the bishop, in a recently started Roman Cath-olic weekly; called by the ominous name of .The Vatican,, published in Albany, N. Y., pays his respects to Lambert. In the leading editorial of that paper. for March 16, 1895, Father Lambert is said to be guilty of " shame-less and mendacious invention, to have en-'couraged a most malevolent and unchristian spirit. He is called a " clerical plotter," a ." conspirator against truth and honesty," an " artful dodger," and other such complimen-tary names. We would commend to the con-sideration of the bishop and priest the words of Peter's First Epistle 8, 9: ".Love as breth-ren, be courteous. Not rendering evil for evil, nor railing for railing; but contrariwise blessing. But evidently Peter's counsel is thrown away upon the Roman Catholic bishops and priests of our generation. The echoes of the scan-dalous revelations by Dr. Ducey have not died away when here comes the learned Lambert of " Ingersoll " fame and the " holy bishop " of Rochester reviling each other like fishwives. " Come out of her, my people."ŠThe Converted Catholic, for April..  OUR TENNESSEE LETTER. MATTERS at Graysville are running along about as usual. It is a quiet neighborhood and withal an agricultural community, and most people are'quite busy with their spring work. The non-resident students who were attending the academy have all left for their homeS: There is still some discussion about the imprisonment of the Adventists, and as to the people opinion is somewhat divided about the propriety of prosecuting under the Sunday law. The better class of citizens, the reading and thinking people, are pretty gen-erally agreed that this is religious persecution, and that it is a shame that inoffensive citizens should be arrested and imprisoned for no other offense than doing upon Sunday, work which would beheld to be entirely commendable on any other day. The Adventists themselves are pursuing the even tenor of their way as thflugh nothing had happened. The sheriff came to-day with warrants to arnst the following members of the Grays-ville Seventh-day Adventist Church :Š L. S. Abbott, 2 cases (now in jail). H. C. Leaati, t Lewis Abbott, N. E. England, Byrd. Terry, Dwight Plumb, " (now in jail). W. J. Kerr, " (was in jail). Monroe Morgan, 44  E. R. Gillett, Columbus Moyers, " Wallace Ridgway, " J. M. Hall, Oscar England, W, S. Burchard, " (now in jail). All who were found gave bonds to appear at the next term of court for trial, but there is no thought of leaving to avoid the processes of the court, and no revengeful expressions are heard concerning those who persecute them. The fate of the petition for the release of the imprisoned Adventists, so generously signed by officials and private citizens and addressed to the County Court (a body com-posed of the justices of the peace of the county), is thus given in the Dayton Repub-lican, of April 5:Š Wouldn't Do It. THE COUNTY COURT REFUSES TO LIBERATE THE ADVENT-ISTS-A TIE VOTE. Monday evening the petitions asking for the release of the Adventists in jail were presented to the County Court. Squire McPherson said if they were released now it would encourage them and more offenses would be committed and more arrests follow. Hon. John A. Denton said that it would be money saved to the county to now release them; that they had received enough punishment; that in. all other respects they were law-abiding, Christian people. A resolution had been passed in January, 1893, by the County Court that no one should be released from jail unless recommended by the judge or justice before whom tried. Squire Hicks moved that this record be expunged. After considerable talk be withdrew his motion at McPherson's request and court adjourned. Tuesday morning Squire Hicks again renewed his motion to expunge the record. McPherson moved to table it, and a vote being taken, it was laid on the table by 15 to 11. In the afternoon Squire Hicks moved to suspend the resolution referred to for the present term of court. McPherson moved to table, which was lost by 14 to 11, and Hicks' motion being put was carried by 13 to 12. A motion to release the Adventists was made by Squire Merritt. McPherson moved to table it, and the vote being taken it was announced as tabled by 12 to 11. Court adjourned Tuesday evening. Wednesday af-ternoon it was found that the last vote was a tie-12 to 12, this discovery being made on looking over the vote on the tally sheet. Chairman pro tem, Benson, who took the ayes and noes down as cast, was in the clerk's office when the discovery was made, and veri-fied this by going carefully over each justice's name and how he had voted. Mr. Benson said it was an error of-his head and not the heart; that he had called McPherson to help count the vote and they had both made it 12 to 11. It is not known how Chairman Crawford would have voted on a tie vote. The vote as cast wasŠ For releasingŠA. M. Broyles, Keylon, Smith, Fugate, A. P. Hayes, Eli Hayes, Hicks, Mowry, Mor-gan, Merritt, Clouse, Baldwin-12. Against releasingŠWaterhouse, Wyrick, Trentham, Gillespie, D. E. Broyles, Benson, King, Dodd, Lillard, Monday, Torbett, McPherson-12. Not votingŠKnight, Romines, Green. AbsentŠHenry. A significant incident happened, a few days since, on one of the streets of Graysville when two Adventists met. One was a. deacon of the church, and, stopping, he said to the other: " Wright Raines (the man who prosecuted them) and his family are suffering for the ne-cessaries of life. What ought we to do in this case ?" The other responded: " What does the Bible say ?" Simultaneously the words from the Saviour fell from the lips of both: "If thine enemy hunger, feed him; if he thirst, give him drink." The one who first raised the question said: "Yes, that's right; but if we give him anything he'll perhaps think that we are trying to buy his favor." But the other said: " How can that be, since the trials are over, and Mr. Raines is not the prosecutor in the cases to be tried in the next term of court ?" It was therefore agreed that the Scripture injunction should be fol-lowed. The Adventists bring their religion into their daily- lives to a great extent. Prayer and praise is to be daily heard in every Ad-ventist family, and in their meetings there is a marked spirit of devotion. They are Bible Christians, and true Protestants, for the Bible is their only rule of faith and practice, and a  " thus saith the Lord " is with them the end of controversy. An officer of the court said to the writer only a few days ago: " These Adventists are the best people in Rhea County, and the county would be better off if we had a thousand of them." And yet several of them are confined in the Rhea County jail, and others are under indictment and will doubtless be imprisoned next July. But they do not repine, and will not swerve from what they regard to be their duty to God. But this is not saying that it is easy for these people to suffer persecution. They are human, and have the feelings to which human flesh is heir. Their hearts are just as tender and their affections as warm, as the hearts and affections of other people, and when the father and husband is taken away and locked up in jail, it is a cruel blow to the wife and children; but there is no repining on the part of those who are left at home. The women are not heard, as was Job's wife, begging their husbands to curse God and die; but, on the contrary, they encourage their husbands to faithfulness, and say: "We are ready to go too when our time comes." It is possible to imprison whole families, or even entire com-munities, of such people, but it is not yossible to turn them from their allegiance to God and to his law. They can go to prisonŠor to death if need beŠbut they cannot deny their faith. CONDENSED NEWS PARAGRAPHS. GOVERNOR MCKIN LEY has refused to dismiss Police Lieutenant Hehan, of Cincinnati, whose dismissal was demanded by the ministers of Cincinnati because he refused to arrest theat-rical performers until the conclusion of the performance. THE Protestant ministers of Helena, Ark., invoked the aid of the law to stop a musical entertainment given by the Gilmore Band. The managers evaded the law by giving free entertainments. Collections were taken and the amount thus raised was donated to the poor of the city. THE election held at Bridgeport, Conn., April 2, was enlivened by women and reli-gion. It is reported that in order to elect a Protestant school board, for which women are allowed to vote, the Protestants undertook to secretly urge the Protestant women of the churches to vote. The Roman Catholic priests got wind of the movement and instructed Catholic women to do the same; and since that church is the perfection of organization and discipline, it was able to vote its women to a woman, and consequently, completely over-whelm the opposition. However, the Catholic women, owing to a blunder in voting, failed to carry the election. They will be better in-structed next time. Los ANGELES, Cal., April 2.ŠJudge Clark has overruled the demurrer interposed by Rev. J. C. Campbell in the suit charging him with slandering Miss Tessa L. Kelso, the librarian of the Los Angeles Public Library. The basis of the action was a prayer offered by the defendant before his congregation in the First Methodist Episcopal Church, in which he said: " 0 Lord, vouchsafe thy sav-ing grace to the librarian of the Los Angeles City Library and cleanse her of all sin and make her a woman worthy of her office." Rev. Campbell, in his demurrer, took the position that his statement was privileged. The court held that a slander can be perpe-trated in the form of a prayer as readily as in any other form of speech.ŠNew York World. 1 case. 