64 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Vol. 7, No. 8. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 25, 1892 NOTE. ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. AN unanswerable argument against the National Reform theory that Christ is now this world's king, or that he can be-come such by political action, is found in the fact that his kingdom is an everlast-ing kingdom (Luke I : 32, 33); and that the subjects of the kingdom will all be immortal. Luke 20: 35, 36. Man can not bring this to pass, but " the zeal .of the Lord of hosts will perform this." Ł 41 Ł  A STATEMENT that is quite often made, and which seems to be considered of much weight, by the workers for religious legis-lation is that "your rights end where mine begin." This statement has not a particle of truth in it. It is simply another form ,of expressing their arrogant assumption of all rights. For if your rights end where mine begin, then it is for me to decide where mine do begin, and wherever that maybe, there your rights must end. The truth of the matter is that rights are per-fectly equal. Your rights begin where mine begin; and end only where mine end. Ł 4  Ł  " CERTAIN clergymen of Keyport New Jersey," says the New York World of the 16th inst., "have banded themselves to-gether for the revival and enforcement of certain exceedingly blue laws that linger in the New Jersey statute book. They have decided to prevent the sale of news-papers on Sunday, to stop the delivery of milk and meat, to shut up the barber-shops and cigar-stores and to lay an em-bargo upon the running of street cars on that day. Further than this, they have decided to compel all the people of Key-port to attend church every Sunday upon pain of imprisonment in their own houses, under an old provision of law which for-bids men to leave their houses on Sunday except to attend church or a funeral." IN view of the facts stated in the fore-going paragraph, the World makes these observations: "The sensible citizens of Keyport should see to it that the remain-der of the law is enforced. They should secure the arrest of every oarriage driver who is brought out to convey his employer to church. They should close the drug-stores. They should notify the doctors not to attend patients on the first day of the week, A little Practical logic of that  kind will quickly bring bigotry to its senses and remind it that we live in a free, secular country, in the latter part of the nineteenth century, and not in a Puritan Colony of the early seventeenth century." THE fact that we live in the latter part of "the nineteenth century, and not in a Puritan Colony of the early seventeenth century," does not prove that the Puritan spirit does not survive, or rather that it has not revived. Indeed the facts stated by the World are proof positive that in-tolerance still lives. Moreover the exist-ence of laws which make such manifesta-tions of bigotry possible, show that the Puritan spirit not only lives but that it is strongly intrenched in the conservatism of the people, and their representatives. THE suggestion of the World that "the enlightened men of New Jersey and of every other State in which intolerant and un-American Sunday laws survive should unite to secure their repeal," is a good one; but this is more easily suggested than accomplished. There is a large and ag-gressive minority opposed to the repeal of Sunday laws and other religious statutes, and because of the indifference of the ma-jority they are able to defeat all attempts to wipe out the Blue-Law inheritance which all the older States received from Colonial times. " The American State is secular," as the World says. " It has nothing to do with religion except to protect every man in his religious liberty. It has no business to make Sunday laws," but all this goes for naught; and not only are Sunday laws sustained, but herculean efforts are being made to secure in both State and Nation still more stringent religious laws, and a more rigid enforcement of existing laws. It is high time that the secular press ceases to pooh-pooh these efforts to enforce religious observance by civil statute. A generation has grown up who know not the meaning of liberty of conscience, nor the truth of the, adage that " eternal vigilance is the price of liberty." The people must be ed-ucated' along these lines, and this is the work which THE SENTINEL is endeavoring to do. THE Silver Creek, Nebraska, Times says:Š What right has the State to interfere with any man's religion, either for or against ? And what right, in good sense, has the State to say on what day or days I shall work or not work ? All these things belong to the individual to deter-mine for himself alone. Let others mind their own business and keep hands off. The trouble all is in a natural itching that most people have to lord it over somebody else or, to stick their nose into other people's affairs. If some people, instead of trying to reform society from the outside, would try to reform themselves from the inside, they would do better, This is good, sound sense. All religious laws whether relating to Sunday-keeping or to some other subject, have their origin in the Patural desire of the natural man  to compel others to conform to his ideas. There is nothing in this world any more wicked than intolerance. Ł Ł Ł  THE World of the 16th inst. remarks, editorially, that " the Minneapolis decision to permit open bars on Sunday seems to be very imperfectly understood in the East. It is in fact a war measure, an act of defense in the struggle between the Twin Cities for supremacy." The facts are thus stated:Š Minneapolis has a large and costly hotel "plant." So has St. Paul. The St. Paul saloons are open on Sunday, while those of Minneapolis have hitherto been closed. The observed consequence has been that the whole army of commercial travelers have regularly retreated from Minneapolis to St. Paul every Saturday night, to the enrichment of St. Paul hostelries and the financial embarrassment of those of Minneapolis. Minneapolis wants its big West Hotel to prosper by the entertainment of its due share of the commercial traveler business, and hence it has decided to offer to sojourners the in-ducement of open saloons. This is the explanation, and to it the World adds this : " The change signifies nothing beyond business ' enterprise." But this fact does not make matters one whit better. If the city council had come to the conclusion that it was not proper to prohibit on Sunday any business per-mitted on other days, there would have been hope that they would in time come to see that the " business " of making drunkards ought not to be permitted on any day. But as " the change signifies nothing but business enterprise" there is no correct principle in it. It is a signifi-cant fact that when Sunday laws interfere seriously with business, they generally " go the wall," but where they only inter-fere with the rights of conscience they are enforced and sustained. THOSE who demand prohibition for reli-gious reasons, because the liquor traffic is sin, and because it hinders religious work, necessarily stand committed to the sup-pression of everything that in their view is morally wrong, that is, everything that is in violation of the divine law; for it can not be denied that if it were the duty of the State to prohibit the liquor traffic be-cause it is sin against God, it would be equally its duty to prohibit all sin. A good many people are beginning to see this, and the religious attitude of the Pro-hibition Party is likely to cause its leaders no little trouble in the near future. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American institutions, thepreservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, post-paid, $1.00. In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, 90e. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75e. To foreign Countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 41 Bond Street, New yciric 