84 THE AMEIRICAN SnNfrrn\iII t, quested him to leave, would take pleasure in see-ing his gospel forced upon people who reject it in their hearts. Nothing could so surely bring the gospel of Christ into disrepute as the teaching of it to all, by the State. People who might be reached by persuasion, would be repelled by force. The lack of educational facilities in the South had nothing to do with the proposed amendment. The Blair Educational bill, which has already passed the Senate, and which provides for the distribution of $77,000,000 among the States, doubtless had that in view; but even .that, if it should pass both Houses of Congress, would never be any help to the South. If that should pass, and the amendment should be adopted, the National Reform people would simply have $77,-000,000 at their disposal with which to teach religion in the public schools. Section 1 of the Educational Amendment is nullified by section 2. The first section says that no State shall make any law respecting an estab-lishment of religion, and section 2 demands that each State shall set itself to teach religion. The State doesn't need to make a law respecting an establishment of religion, when it is itself an es-tablishment of religionŠa machine for teaching it. If the amendment prohibited the teaching of any form of religion in the public schools, leaving all denominations free.as they are now, to teach at their own expense whatever doctrines they choose to, we certainly should have no objection to it. But if the clause relative to the teaching of "virtue, morality, and the principles of the Christian religion," were omitted from the proposed amendment, there would be nothing left. Sena-tor Blair made his principal plea before the sen-ate on that clause. He seemed to regard that as the main feature of the whole thing. Now as to the Sunday-Rest bill. That bill has been printed in the SENTINEL no less than four times, so that it is not our fault if every reader of the SENTINEL does not understand it, We commented on the bill as it is, and also on the bill as the National Sunday Union wish to have it modified. There is no doubt that if the bill should pass it would be amended according to their wishes, since it is their bill. For our part, it makes no difference which form is adopted. The original form says that no work shall be done on Sunday "to the disturbance of others." But it would astonish one who has had no experience, to see how easily some people can be disturbed on Sunday. The reports of the Sunday-law cases in Arkansas show that nearly every man who was prosecuted for working on Sunday was working in so retired a place, and so quietly, that nobody could have found it out without taking special pains; yet people were greatly "disturbed" by it. We have seen people very much "disturbed " be-cause they knew that some other people were working at a noiseless occupation in the privacy of their own rooms. A law providing for the punishment of anyone who does any work on Sunday "to the disturbance of others," would open the flood-gates of religious bigotry and per-secution. As to the amended bill, which provides that no work shall be done on Sunday "in pub-lic," nothing more need be said. We did not incorrectly represent the bill when we represented it as obliging everybody to rest on Sunday," as the bill itself will show. The bill, as drafted by Senator Blair, says that " no per-son or corporation, or the agent, servant, or employe of any person or corporation, shall perform or au-thorize to be performed any secular work, labor,  or business" on the first day of the week. We should be pleased to have our friend, or anyone else, name some people that are not included in those terms. If the bill is not " absolute" in its requirements for rest, to the full extent of its jurisdiction, we do not know how language could be framed to make it any more so. We sincerely hope that " all candid investiga-tors" have the report of the hearing on the Sun-day-Rest bill. If they have been hitherto in favor of the bill, the reckless determination on the part of the workers for the bill, to gain their ends, no matter at what cost to others, and the false and contradictory position taken, will suffice to convince them that the whole thing is an in-iquitous scheme. We are not infallible, and are as liable as others to make mistakes ; but if we may always be as correctly represented as the Blair Sunday-Rest bill and its advocates have been in the AMERICAN SENTINEL, w shall be satisfied. E. J. W. Sunday and the Catholic Church. WHEN the announcement of the Columbus Sun-day Convention was made, the following notice of it was given by the Catholic Columbian of that city:Š "A meeting of all denominations in Ohio is called to be held at Columbus, February 20 and 21, to consider the advisability of a thorough or-ganization in the interest of a better observance of the Christian Sabbath.' "We Catholics are always in favor of that day being kept sacredly and strictly, though without the gloomy countenance or the ashes of woe; yet the first thing the members of this convention ought to do would seem to us to be to show any scriptural command whatsoever to observe the Christian Sabbath.' "There is authority for the change from the Sabbath to SundayŠample authority rbut it is the authority of the Catholic Church, the only one reaching back to the time of Christ. Fallible churches could make no such a change." That shows what there is in the indorsement of the Sunday bill by Cardinal Gibbons; it is as a tribute paid by Protestants to the authority of the Catholic Church, that Cardinal Gibbons in-dorsed it, as it is also of all the Catholics who do indorse it.. In his letter to Dr. Crafts in which he indorsed the Blair Sunday bill, Cardinal Gib-bons cited the plenary council of Baltimore as authority for keeping Sunday. The Roman Church recognizes no other authority for keeping Sunday than the authority of that church. And whenever they indorse the Protestant movement to obtain a law for the enforcement of Sunday ob-servance, they know it is a tribute paid by Prot-estants to the authority of the Catholic Church. And when the Protestants get a law by the help, as they themselves say, of all the Catholics in this country, that will not be the end of the mat-ter; the Catholic Church will see that the Prot-estants pay the tribute which Catholics say is due to that church. To those so-called Protestants who are so anx-ious to make religion a subject of legislation, it now appears a very pleasant thing to secure the alliance of the Papacy. But when they shall have accomplished the feat, and find themselves in the midst of a continuous whirl of political strife and contention with the Papacy, not alone for supremacy, but for existenceŠthen they will find it not nearly so pleasant as it now appears to their vision, blinded by the lust for illegitimate power. And when they find themselves compelled to pay more than they bargained to, they will have but themselves to blame; for when they make relig-ion a subject of legislation, they therein confess that it is justly subject to the rule of majorities. And then, if the Romish Church secures the majority, and compels the Protestants to conform to Catholic forms and ordinances, the Protestants cannot justly complain. For our part we Want no rules of majorities in religious observances, either Protestant or Catholic. A. T. J. Sunday in the Army. ABOUT this time, as the almanacs say, look out for a jubilee among National Reformers, the members of the American Sunday Union, etc. The reason for this prediction is found in the following special dispatch from Washington, to the San Francisco Examiner of March 16:Š " Secretary Proctor is an advocate of the Sunday-Rest law, as will soon be demonstrated by the ap-pearance of an order from the War Department abolishing the Sunday dress parades at all army posts throughout the country. " This subject has beeri agitated in the annual reports of army officials for years, but none of Mr. Proctor's predecessors have seen fit to direct the change. General Sheridan was opposed to the abolition, which probably accounts for nothing having been done in late years. " The present Commanding General, however, believes that only absolutely necessary work should be done in the army on Sunday, and has strongly indorsed a recent report of the Inspector-General of the army recommending the abolition of the dress parade and all other unnecessary work on the Sabbath. "Those papers are now before Secretary Proctor, and, although he has not yet acted, he has re-marked his hearty approval of the proposition." Thus the " workingman " is gradually getting his rights. The Sunday law is declared to be absolutely necessary in order that laboring men may have an opportunity to improve their minds. One clause specifies the very thing which the Secretary of War is said to be about to do, and probably in nothing else could the fallacy of Sunday-law argument be more plainly demon-strated. If there is anybody who has an oppor-tunity to improve his mind if he chooses to, it is the soldier in time of peace. There cannot be the excuse in his case that he is overworked. Neither can a violated conscience be urged as making a. Sunday law necessary; for (1) the instances are exceedingly rare in which a soldier cares anything more for Sunday than for any other day ; and (2) in such instances he can easily make arrangement so that he will not have to work on Sunday. We know a man who was converted while in the regular army, and became convinced that the seventh day of the week is the Sabbath. He was conscientious, and during the sixteen months that remained of his term of service, he was able to rest on the seventh day. If this could be done, surely it could be done in the case of one who wished to keep Sunday. The desire for, a Sunday law, so far as the army is concerned, is not because of any special love for the soldier, nor to relieve his conscience, but simply to gratify Łthe feelings of those who, because they keep Sunday, are determined that everybody else shall. The Examiner closes an editorial comment on the proposed order, in the following ironical vein:, "It is well known that soldiers look forward through the week to the opportunity to enjoy the ministrations of the chaplain, and then to sit 