THE SEN'FINEL QF LtIBER.TY. 605, the Chinese. It thus appears as an evil system used to promote hypocrisy, and attended with the most disastrous results; and it is no less evil in principle when endorsed by Protestants in the United States, as it is by the many whose aim is to set up a Chris-tian government. " No fewer that' 486 Acts of parliament have been passed to cope with the drink curse," says ,an Eng-lish magazine, " and still it flourishes." RELIGION AND STATE EDUCATION IN AUS- TRALIA. THE question of state teaching of religion is be-ing agitated in Australia. A Melbourne journal says: "The effort now being made in Victoria,  to intro-duce religious instruction into the state school sys-tem of the colony has called forth the following protest from the Lutheran Synod. We copy from the Age of July 19: " At a ministerial conference at Murtoa of the eastern district of the Evangelical Lutheran 'Synod in Australia, the following resolution was adopted: " Resolved that this conference, after due de-liberation, emphatically protests against the in-tended introduction of religious instruction into the state schools for the following reasons, viz: 1. That according to Holy Writ, the sacred duty of religious instruction does not rest with the state, but with the parents and the church.,  2. That state interference in religious matters is contrary to the constitution of our colony. 3. That there is no necessity for religious instruction in" state schools, since not only the' Roman Catholic Church, but also our church, although a very small body, support their own paro-chial schools, which clearly proves that the other denominations can do the same. 4. That it is im-possible to give religious instruction of an unde-nofninational and undogmatic character, especially in a community of different persuasions. " It was resolved to forward a copy of this reso-lution to the Minister of Education.' "These conclusions are certainly logical, and must commend themselves to reasoning minds. God has not made the state the exponent of His Word in any way. On parents and the church He has placed the solemn duty of teaching His will and HiS Word to the children. No person who does not for himself humbly seek wisdom from God, and who is not enlightened by the Spirit of God, can teach to  others the Word of God. This preparation can nei-ther be given nor demanded by any earthly, govern-ment." WHEN duty is taken care of, destiny will take care of itself. .4  .4 " UNDER the old theocratic form 'of government," says a " Sunday reform " leaflet " God made, con-strued,and executed law through his own instru-mentalities. We in this land do' the same thing by the will of the people." But it will not do for the people to put them-selves in the place of God and make and execute the same kind of laws that were in force under the an-cient theocracy. .4 .4  THE Charleston- News and Courier remarks that " it may take some time to determine whether the looting of Tiensin comes under the head of duty or destiny." .4 .4 THE Russian government, after solemnly declar-ing it was not at war with China, has confiscated five million taels deposited in the Russo-Chinese bank by the Chinese government. .4  .4 THERE is no imperialism in the present policy of the Government, we are often assure 1, but somehow it has been necessary for the defenders of this policy to speak very disparagingly of the Declaration of Independence, or interpret it in new and unheard-of ways. OCTOBER FIRST. As previously announced, our special map offer to old and new subscribers will be withdrawn on October i. You can still secure the map by sending your subscription or your renewal immediately. All orders in the mails before October i. will be honored by us, though the- letter may be several days in transit. We have mailed several hundred of these maps to patrons of THE SENTINEL during the past few weeks and have received only words of commenda-tion therefor. Our limited supply now remaining we shall continue to mail to all purchasers at the nomi-nal price of fifteen cents. Order your copy of this map of China before it is too late. 