AEPTRIVIICER CAN g]NriLlINIMF_,. 1 controversy with the nations. God stand-eth up to judge, and the judgment is ruin because their works are evil and defiant. Jer. 25:15-38; Rev. 16 and 18. Ł IT may be that this will not be believed. We have nothing to do with that, how-ever. It is the truth, and we know it. It is the truth whether men believe it or not. And whether they will believe it or not is for them to decide, each one for himself alone. For seven years straight ahead in these columns we told the people that this would be made " a Christian Nation," and that Congress, at the dictate of the churches, would set up Sunday as the Sabbath. The people would not believe it. Now all this has been done and every-body knows it. And this which we have mapped out now will as certainly come as this other has come. For your soul's sake believe it, and get ready, get ready, get ready, for it is near and hasteth greatly. A. T. J. Ł 4 Ł  The Christian Sabbath.* THE GENUINE OFFSPRING OF THE UNION OF THE HOLY SPIRIT, AND THE CATHOLIC CHURCH HIS SPOUSE. THE CLAIMS OF PROTESTANTISM TO ANY PART THEREIN PROVED TO BE GROUNDLESS, SELF-CONTRADICTORY AND SUICIDAL. OUR attention has been called to the above subject in the past week by the re-ceipt of a brochure of twenty-one pages, published by the International Religious Liberty Association, entitled, "Appeal and Remonstrance," embodying resolutions adopted by the General Conference of the Seventh-day Adventists (February 24, 1893). The resolutions criticise and cen-sure, with much acerbity, the action of the United States Congress, and of the Su-preme Court, for invading the rights of the people by closing the World's Fair on Sunday. The Adventists are the only body of Christians with the Bible as their teacher who can find no warrant in its pages for the change of day from the seventh to the first. Hence, their appellation, " Seventh-day Adventists." Their cardinal princi-ple consists in setting apart Saturday for the exclusive worship of God, in comform-ity with the positive command of God himself, repeatedly reiterated in the sa-cred books of the Old and New Testament, literally obeyed by the children of Israel for thousands of years to this day, and in-dorsed by the teaching and practice of the Son of God whilst on earth. Per contra, the Protestants of the world, the Adventists excepted, with the same Bible as their cherished and sole infallible teacher, by their practice, since their ap-pearance in the sixteenth century, with the time honored practice of the Jewish peOple before their eyes, have rejected the day named for his worship by God, and assumed, in apparent contradiction of his command, a day for his worship never once referred to for that purpose, in the pages of that sacred volume. What Protestant pulpit does not ring almost every Sunday with loud and im-passioned invectives against Sabbath vio-lation ? Who can forget the fanatical clamor of the Protestant ministers through-out the length and breadth of the land, against opening the gates of the World's * This article is from Cardinal Gibbons' organ, the Catholic Mirror, of Sept. 2. It is the first of two articles which we shall print just as they appeared in the Mirror. They contain abun-dant food for reflection for "Protestants" who have blindly followed the Papal Church in thb matter of Sunday observance. What can such now reply to the taunts of Rome ? Fair on Sunday ? The thousands of peti-tions, signed by millions, to save the Lord's Day from desecration ? Surely, such general and widespread excitement and noisy remonstrance, could not have existed without the strongest grounds for such animated protests. And when quarters were assigned at the World's Fair to the various sects of Protestantism for the exhibition of arti-cles, who can forget the emphatic expres-sion of virtuous and conscientious indig-nation exhibited by our Presbyterian brethren, as soon as they learned of the decision of the Supreme Court not to interfere in the Sunday opening ? The newspapers informed us that they flatly refused to utilize the space accorded them, or open their boxes, demanding the right to withdraw the articles, in rigid adher-ence to their principles, and thus decline all contact with the sacrilegious and Sab-bath-breaking Exhibition. Doubtless, our Calvanistic brethren deserved and shared the sympathy of all the other sects, who, however, lost the op-portunity of posing as martyrs in vindica-tion of the Sabbath observance. They thus became " a spectacle to the world, to angels and men," although their Protestant brethren, who failed to share the monopoly, were uncharitably and en-viously disposed to attribute their stead-fast adherence to religious principle, to Pharisaical pride and dogged obstinacy. Our purpose in throwing off this article is to shed such light on this all-important question (for were the Sabbath question to be removed from the Protestant pulpit, the sects would feel lost, and the preachers be deprived of their " Cheshire cheese,") that our readers may be able to compre-hend the question in all its bearings, and thus reach a clear conviction. The Christian world is, morally speak-ing, united on the question and practice of worshiping God on the first day of the week. The Israelites, scattered all over the earth, keep the last day of the week sacred to the worship of the Deity. In this par-ticular the Seventh-day Adventists (a sect of Christians numerically few) have also selected the same day. The Israelites and Adventists both ap-peal to the Bible for the divine command persistently obliging the strict observance of Saturday. The Israelite respects the authority of the Old Testament only, but the Adventist, who is a Christian, accepts the New Testament on the same grounds as the Old, viz : an inspired record also. He finds that the Bible, his teacher, is consist-ent in both parts; that the Redeemer during his mortal life, never kept any other day than Saturday. The gospels plainly evince to him this fact; whilst, in the pages of the Acts of the Apostles, the Epistles, and the Apocalypse, not the vestige of an act cancelling the Saturday arrangement, can be found. The Adventists, therefore, in common with the Israelite, derive their belief from the Old Testament, which position is con-firmed by the new Testament, indorsing fully by the life and practice of the Redeemer and his apostles the teaching of the sacred Word for nearly a century of the Christian era. Numerically considered, the Seventh-day Adventists form an insignificant por-tion of the Protestant population of the earth, but, as the question is not one of numbers, but of truth, fact and right, a  strict sense of justice forbids the condem-nation of this little sect without a calm and unbiased investigation; this is none of our funeral. The Protestant world has been, from its infancy in the sixteenth century, in thorough accord with the Catholic Church in keeping " holy " not Saturday, but Sunday. The discussion of the grounds that led to this unanimity of sentiment and practice for over three hundred years, must help towards placing Protestantism on a solid basis in this particular, should the arguments in favor of its position overcome those furnished by the Israel-ites and Adventists, the Bible; the sole recognized teacher of both litigants, being the umpire and witness. If, however, on the other hand, the latter furnish argu-ments, incontrovertible by the great mass of Protestants, both classes of litigants, appealing to their common teacher, the Bible, the great body of Protestants, so far from clamoring, as they do with vig-orous pertinacity for the strict keeping of Sunday, have no other resource left than the admission that they have been teach-ing and practicing what is scripturally false for over three centuries, by adopting the teaching and practice of what they have always pretended to believe an apos-tate church, contrary to every warrant and teaching of sacred Scripture. To add to the intensity of this scriptural and un-pardonable blunder, it involves one of the most positive and emphatic commands of God to his servant, man : " Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy." No Protestant living to-day has ever yet obeyed that command, preferring to follow the apostate church referred, to than his teacher, the Bible, which, from Gene-sis to Revelation, teaches no other doctrine should the Israelites and Seventh-day Adventists be correct. Both sides appeal to the Bible as their " infallible " teacher. Let the Bible decide whether Saturday or Sunday be the day enjoined by God. One of the two bodies must be wrong, and whereas a false position on this all important ques-tion involves terrible penalties, threatened by God himself, against the transgressor of this " perpetual covenant," we shall enter on the discussion of the merits of the arguments wielded by both sides. Neither is the discussion of this para-mount subject above the capacity of ordin-ary minds, nor does it involve extraordin-ary study. It resolves itself into a few plain questions, easy of solution: First. Which day of the week does the Bible enjoin .to be kept holy ? Second. Has the New Testament, mod-ified by precept or practice the original command ? Third. Have Protestants, since the six-teenth century, obeyed the command of God by keeping " holy " the day enjoined by their infallible guide and teacher, the Bible; and if not, why not ? To the above three questions we pledge ourselves to furnish as many intelligent answers, which cannot fail to vindicate the truth and uphold the deformity of er-ror. Pious? UNDER date of August 4, 1893, the Church Bulletin said :Š Now that the Fair will probably be closed on Sun-day, it is to be hoped that the camp-meeting man-agers will not open their gates on Sunday, and share with the railways the profits of the Sunday excursions. It is time for religious bodies to-' be ' 