344 TIŠIE AMERICAN' SENTINEL. Vol. 7, 11). 43 NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 3, 1892. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving THE Atisaucen SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered THE SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. PoR the latest from Tennessee, concerning the doings of the Henry County Inqui-sition, see page 340 of this paper. SUNDAY slavery is a favorite theme of the Chicago ministers just now. The time was when, if a man *as converted to God, he turned away from following the world, and became a servant of his new and di-vine Lord to do his will and pleasure re-gardless of the customs and opinions of the time-serving and money-loving people around him. But not so nowadays ac-cording to the statement of some of the leading divines. But on the contrary, after the church has converted them, then it has to undertake a work of liberating them by removing every cross so that the convert will have no sacrifice to make in becoming a Christian and taking upon him the obligations of church member-ship. --0Š SOME of these church members are clerks, and are employed by men who are Jews and Liberals, who keep their places of business open on Sunday. They have been induced to join the church, but they have not left off their Sunday work, al-though they know it is contrary to the law of the land, and the church teaches that it is contrary to the law of God. When men who happen to be Liberals or secularists do the same things, they are called Anarchists; but when the mem-bers of the church are involved, they are " slaves to a custom." Š0Š AN eminent clergyman of the city of Chicago recently in his Sunday evening discourse said, " There are many worthy members of my charge who never hear their pastor preach, except occasionally on Sunday evening they get excused by their employers at eight o'clock so that they can attend church." He said that it had been suggested to him that discipline would be a good thing in their case, but said he, " Before I would resort to that I would go out of the church' myself, body, soul, and bregehes." So these vio-lators of the laws of God and man will be retained in the church until the pro-prietors can be compelled to release them by closing their places of business on Sun-day, for the only remedy suggested by the reverend gentleman was agitation and boy- cott until these " slaves " should be re-leased. Š0Š PERTINENT to this subject is the follow-ing notice which the Pittsburg Dispatch of October 10, makes of a sermon deliv- ered on the previous day in that city :Š Rev. J. H. Patterson supplied the pulpit of the First Presbyterian Church. yesterday. Taking, "Be thou faithful unto death," as his text, he de-livered an eloquent plea for Christian steadfastness and faithfulness to duty. Illustrating his theme with the example of constancy, he related how, when the Roman emperor came to the throne he 'issued an edict that the subjects in his employ should either resign their positions or renounce the Christian religion. The larger part resigned. The next day he reappointed all those who had done-so to their old positions and banished those who had disclaimed their faith in the hope of winning his favor. He went on to state that Christians are to be faithful to their vows and that it is a Christian's highest privilege to be persecuted. This was the Christian's reward, and was the distinguishing fea-ture of Christianity. No other religion was to be compared with it. God's light could illumine a mountain as easily as a mole hill. IT is not easy to see how Mr. Patterson could reconcile his sermon with the de-mand of the churches for Sunday laws. One ground on which such laws are de-manded is that those who desire to keep Sunday may be enabled to do so without loss of position or business. In other words, the State is asked to so arrange things that not only will it require no self-denial to keep Sunday, but that the Sunday-keeper will have a positive ad-vantage. The Sunday-keepers evidently do not want any of the blessings promised to those who are persecuted for righteous-ness' sake; they want no cross-bearing with their religion; the self-denial must be re-duced to the minimum and be limited in fact to abstaining from those hurtful things which are eschewed by the mere moralist as well as by the Christian. THE Sunday people are, however, deter-mined that there shall be persecutions, and that somebody shall get the blessing for enduring them; and not only that crosses shall be borne but that they shall be heavy enough to be felt; and so they insist upon Sunday laws and then enforce those laws, as they are doing in Tennessee, and as they threaten to do elsewhere, upon those who conscientiously dissent from the prevailing religion; and thus Chris-tians are persecuted by other Christians, so-called. -0- A GENTLEMAN writing from Imlay City, Mich., says :Š EDITOR AMERICAN SENTINEL: In your issue of date October 13, under an article, headed " True Christianity Never Persecutes," I notice that you use the following language: "Paine, infidel though he was," etc. Is this correct? It seems to me that the man who wrote: "I believe in one God and no other and to do good is my religion," can not by any stretch of the imagination be called properly an infidel. I find that "Appleton's Encyclopasclia " makes the positive statement that Paine was a deist. The question is not one of vital impor-tance; it may not be amiss, however, to say that while, technically, Paine was a deist, it is none the less true that he was an in-fidel. Webster says Infidel. n. One who does not believe in the pre-vailing religious faith; especially, one who does not believe in the divine origin and authority of Christianity; a Mohammedan; a heathen; a free-thinker. Paine was not a believer "in the divine origin and authority of Christianity ; " he was, therefore, an infidel, though more definitely and specifically, he was a deist. Š0-- IN his prayer in connection with the dedication of the World's Fair buildings, at Chicago, on the 20th ult., Rev. Bishop Charles H. Fowler, D. D., LL. D., said : We thank Thee for a free conscience, by a free Church, in a free State, for a free people. It must be ,that the Bishop has not heard of -the persecution of Christian men in Tennessee for serving God according to the dictates of their consciences; or possi-bly he agrees with Cardinal Gibbons in defining freedom of conscience as "free-dom to worship according to the dictates of a right conscience," and thinks that the Adventist conscience is not a " right " conscience. But who is to be the judge of the conscience ? Who alone can judge the conscience ? Who alone knows the secrets of the heart ? Š0Š A LADY writing to the Cincinnati Post thus relates her experience on arriving in that city by rail on Sunday :-- After a long, dusty day's travel, I entered the toilet room of the Grand Central Depot, in Cincin-nati, thinking with relief of the fresh water, towel and soap, which would make my skin white again and my relatives able to recognize me. Wearily, I put down my satchel and doffed hat, gloves and waist, preparing for presto change! No soap, no towel was there to be seen. I immediately con-cluded that the lateness of the hour was the cause for the soap's exhaustion, and the waiting woman had probably forgotten to replace the towel. Hur-riedly, I put on my waist, and found the waiting woman seated outside the ladies' parlor (it was also closed), and with extended hand said, " Please let me have some soap and a towel ?" A slow shake of her head and a half grunt, " Not on Sunday," was the response to my need. . . . Are people not expected to be clean on God's day ? Traveling is not always avoidable on Sunday, especially when making long trips. If religious extremists are to run the toilet and waiting rooms of a depot, the corporation had better begin at the beginning and change some vital points in these plans. If it is from a moral standpoint, why are so many ex-cursions run on Sunday ? This is only another instance of a non-sensical Sunday regulation, and another example of straining out a gnat and swal-lowing a camel. The Sunday excursions are all right, but Sunday soap and towelsŠhorrors ! THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, A WEEKLY PAPER Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per,year, - - 90c. " 25 to 99 " " " 44 100 to 249 " " " . ,, - - 75c. 44 250 to 499 " " " " " - - - 70c. fit 500 to 999 " " " " - - 05c. " 1000 or more " " " "--- 60c. To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings.   Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Boni tract, New York City. 