366 Vol,. 8, No. 46. and receding tides, or with bare feet and rolled-up clothes wade in the limpid waters. To old and young is brought relaxation, rest and quickened pulses, but the benefit to the children is greater than to the elders. They are growing, and they need every touch with nature that can be given them. To none, however, is it less than a positive blessing, and he is an enemy of his kind who would lift a finger in opposition to the weekly outflow into the country and to lake and ocean. Then there are other multitudes who have rela-tives and friends in the country, and in neighboring villages, towns and cities. On Sunday, with proper traveling facilities, they can hold delightful family reunions or make and receive pleasant visits to and from valued friends and agreeable acquaintances. Or they can go and hear a lecture or attend an en-tertainment in some other place. All these varied forms of recreation, entertainment and instruction are rendered possible by the Sunday train, electric or cable car, and boat. They are all innocent and health-bestowing. The trouble is that there are not half enough trains and boats running on Sun-day. In view of these self-evident facts, and many more equally unassailable, it is a matter of amaze-ment that any laboring man can oppose Sunday trains. All classes of workingmen are benefited by them, and this is especially true of trainmen themselves. It is perfectly easy, with the power possessed by organized labor, to so arrange busi-ness that each man will get his weekly rest-day without depriving any other person of the oppor-tunity to go into the country, to the seashore, or on a visit on Sunday. This shows how strong are the holiday tendencies against which friends of Sun-day sacredness protest so loudly. But their protest is in vain. Whatever may be true of Sunday labor, Sunday recrea-tion, Sunday play, is bound to increase. The rapid growth of our cities makes this inevitable. Enforced idleness on a given day in cities cannot fail to make it a holi-day. Civil law can never make a holy day. It does make holidays, and it is fast making little else of Sunday. Where Shall the Line Be Drawn. THE State cannot do the work that has been assigned to the Church by her Lord. When it undertakes that work, it ceases to be the work of Christ and becomes antichrist. The Church of Christ cannot retain her purity and do the work of poli-ticians. The question arises, Where shall the line be drawn between the civil power and the work of the gospel ? There must be a clear distinction ; their work though not antagonistic, is not interchangeable. There is no work that the State and Church can do in conjunction, acting as join hands and State. They cannot  hands except at the peril of the legitimate work of both, and therefore a clear-cut line of separation should ever be main-tained betwe9n them. Any infringement of this condition is fraught with danger, not only to the citizen, but to the cause of true religion and of true statecraft as well. These words are written with a profound impression that they convey the truth upon this vital question, with the earnest prayer that this truth may be deeply impressed on the mind of every reader, and with the ardent wish that it might become the rul-ing sentiment of our country at large ; for herein lies our public safety, the integrity of the Government, the security of individ-ual rights, and the success of the gospel. Some who adopt this position in theory de-sire to see it modified in actual practice, and do not hesitate to curry favors for their church from the civil power. There are some people who are totally opposed to any union of State and Church when it means their State and somebody else's Church, but look very pleasantly upon the scheme when it is their State and their  Church. Indeed, this is where the great majority of the people really stand upon this subject. But there is a better place for honest peo-ple, and many such there are, who seek for right principles, and having found them, are willing to abide by them wher-ever the lines may be drawn. Such our readers are taken to be. It is in this con-fidence that the position before stated has been taken, that the separation of the Church from the civil power should be enŁ tire and complete. In taking this position no one places himself alongside the infidel or the anarchist. He who stands on these grounds stands by the Bible. He stands in the full light of the genius of Chris-tianity and is in accord with the teachings of its great Founder. History justifies the stand he has taken, and every considera-tion of justice declares that his position is right. G. C. TENNEY. Rome in New England. THERE is an alarming condition of af-fairs in New England. The census of 1890 shows that the communicants of Ro-man Catholics in New England exceed the number of all the members of Protestant churches combined, by nearly a quarter of a million. New England churches con-tain 1,005,120 Catholics and 763,987 Prot-estants. Dr. Wordsworth, in the Con-gregationalist, explains the condition of affairs in this wise: " The pulpit of New England in the last twenty-five yearsohas changed, as to the style and quality of its preaching. Up to that time it had a strong doctrinal cast and tone. The older New England pulpit was militant, and was not only ready to defend itself, but to attack error and unbelief, on any ground it might choose to occupy. But for a generation it has been growing pacific and has been quite content to let false doctrine and false teaching shift for themselves, while its own tone has been apologetic, and as little antagonistic as possible. There has been a cry, Let controversy alone. Don't hold up the dry bones of orthodoxy. Preach Christ, and cease from the hard doctrines of the fathers! The cry has pre-vailed and the pulpit has supplied the demand made upon it. The old. doctrines are still formulated in the creeds, and are still assented to by candidates for church membership; but they are held very much as the fossils of extinct animals are held in our cabinets of natural history." The lesson for us to learn in view of these facts is this : First, that we should maintain a high degree of spirituality and that we "contend earnestly for the faith once de-livered to the saints," without fear, favor, or affection. A cold-hearted membership and a cringing, time-serving ministry, present the most inviting field on earth for the Catholics.ŠCentral Baptist. An English "Protestant Alliance." AN English exchange contains an ac-count of the Protestant Alliance, its object and work, from which this extract is made :Š The object of the Protestant Alliance is to main-tain and defend against all the encroachments of popery, the scriptural doctrines of the Reformation and the principles of religious liberty, as the best security under God for the temporal and spiritual welfare of the British empire. And for this purpose: " To unite the Protestants of the empire in a firm and persevering demand, both in Parliament and out of it, that the national support and encouragement given to popery of late  years should be discontinued. In this demand would be included all indorsements of popery in every form and of every kind drawn from the public revenues, concession of rank and precedence to Roman ecclesiastics, and the allowance of con-ventual establishments, not subject to the inspec-tion and control of the law." It seems that organizations to unite Protestants against the encroachments of Roman Catholics are not confined to this country alone. An Epoch in Politics and Religion. REv. DR. SCUDDER, pastor of Jersey City Tabernacle, sees roseate hues in the political horizon, the first beams of a better day in municipal, State and Na-tional rule; and all the result of the late election. Referring to the result in New Jersey, he said in a recent sermon :Š One peculiar feature of this moral revolution was the interest taken in it by the churches and the cooperation of all the sects against a common enemy. There was a prodigious moral current in this election, and in my judgment it marks a new epoch in both politics and religion. Hereafter these two forces are to be combined. A religion that cannot enter politics is not worth having. Christianity is leaven, not sawdust. Its business is to quicken, to put moral life into political dough. Not until recent years have we ministers of the gospel done our duty toward our country. We were afraid to bring politics into our pulpitsŠcow-ards that we were! But all this has changed and when great moral interests are concerned, we shall speak out like men. We are here to build up the kingdom of righteousness, and one of the best ways to accomplish that result is to purify poli-tics. The modern clergyman is becoming more courageous and cannot be quieted or bluffed by low-down politicians, who cry "keep politics out of your pulpits." Our churches are moral forts, from which we shall pour shot and shell into all forms of wickedness. Sectarianism is dying out, and cooperation be-tween the various sects of Christendom is already an assured fact. Even Protestants and Catholics are learning to work shoulder to shoulder in behalf of good government and a variety of useful re-forms. I am proud to say that the churches of Hudson County had much to do with this recent election. They will have more to do in years to come. The doctor forgets that rings have been " smashed " before and new ones formed in their stead. He who looks to political agencies for the moral reformation of man must look in vain. Human nature does not change, and political corruption is the legitimate and inevitable fruit of human greed. It is well to " smash " the rings occasionally; and all who had a part in " smashing " the particular rings in question are entitled to credit for it; but churches in politics, as churches, are a dangerous force, and it is far from re-assuring to be told that Protestants and Catholics are learning to work together shoulder to shoulder. Good may come of it occasionally, but it must in the end result in disaster to free institutions. A Significant Interview. A PROMINENT Catholic in Washington, in an interview with a representative of the New York World, said Archbishop Satolli becomes more and more im-pressed all the time with the United States and her institutions. He is enthusiastic indeed about our great arena for the battle of human progress and he wants to see, and expects to see, Catholicism having a leading part in all the work. It is every-thing, even for so great a man as the apostolic dele-gate, to gather his information at first handŠto see for himself, as the phrase is. This Archbishop Satolli is doing as rapidly as possible; and every time he returns here it is with increased encouragement in his work. The resu' of all this of course is to advance the church in America, in the eyes of the supreme pontiff and to insure it consideration at Rome that it has never enjoyed before. As a matter of fact, Leo is looking 