192 A.M110111ICA_N- IH.N-91-91N-JHAT-4. VoL. 8, No. 24. NEW YORK, JUNE 15, 1898. i ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL witkout having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked " Sample Copy:" It is ourinvari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. READ " A Maryland Judas," on page 189. It illustrates, about as forcibly as anything could do, the base uses to which Sunday laws are put. WE erred last week in stating that Bishop Fallows had taken part in reli-gious services " in the grounds the first Sunday that the Fair was open." The serv-ices were in the Art Palace, which is five miles from the Fair grounds. The SEN-TINEL wishes to state everything fairly. IT is stated that the Pope has instructed Monsignor Satolli to express to Cardinal Gibbons his thanks for the discourse re-cently delivered by the cardinal in favor of the restoration of the temporal power of the Pope, and to inform his eminence that the great infallible is entirely satis-fied with the language and argument of the cardinal in the discourse. A WOMAN, a member of the Seventh-day Adventist Church, at Ford's Store, Queen Anne's County, Md., has been arrested for sewing on Sunday. Her trial was set for the 14th inst. The woman's own brother is the complaining witness. At the same time two male members of the same church were arrested for hauling some goods from the wharf on Sunday. In these cases the complaining witness was also the brother of one of the arrested men. IT is a strange thing that a good many papers that see no impropriety in compel-ling the observance of a religious institu-tion by means of a Sunday law, think the Presbyterian Church intolerant for depos-ing from the ministry a member who per-sisted in teaching contrary to the tenets of the church. They would have the State enforce religious dogmas by civil penal-ties, while denying to the Church the right to maintain discipline by ecclesiastical cen-sure. A strange inconsistency, truly ! IN the injunction suit brought by the United States to restrain the Local Direc-tory from opening the World's Fair gates on Sunday, Judge Woods announced on the 8th inst., that he and his associates failed to agree on certain points, and that each would formulate his ideas in an in-dividual opinion. Judge Wood's individ-ual opinion was that the injunction must issue and the gates be closed. Judge Jenk-ins agreed with Judge Wood on the  main point in the World's Fair injunction proceedings, and he also held that the in-junction must issue and the Fair be closed on Sunday. This decided the question. Judge, Grosscup held that the Fair might be kept open. Attorney Walker at once gave notice of an appeal and asked for a stay, pending the final decision. A CORRESPONDENT writes us that a Methodist preacher in his neighborhood recently preached a sermon in which he asserted that Sunday is the Lord's day. But the preacher's saying so does not make it so. The Sabbath is the Lord's day. Ex. 20 : 8, we read that " the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." Then it is the Lord's day. In Isa. 58 : 13, we have these words: " If thou turn away thy foot from the Sabbath, from doing thy pleasure on my holy day." Again the Sabbath is the Lord's day. Then in Mark 2: 28, we have the declara-tion of our Lord that he is Lord of the Sabbath day; and again the Sabbath is the Lord's day. What difference does it make what any number of preachers say, when we can read for ourselves what the Bible says ? THE New York Independent is opposed to an open Sunday Fair, but it is likewise opposed to the antichristian boycott which a portion of the religious press and a great many of the Sunday preachers have been urging. The Independent says:Š What should be the attitude of Christian men and women toward this International Fair ? They have been strongly advised to boycott it, to remove their exhibits from the grounds and to refrain from visiting it. We have never believed that such a movement could be successfully conducted. We have not advocated it and shall not do so now. The Fair itself ought not, in our judgment, to be condemned because it has been opened to the pub-lic on Sundays. It is legitimately open six days in the week. It is a legitimate Fair six days in the week. If any have lost interest in it because it is open seven days instead of six and do not want to visit it, well and good. Let them stay away. Let every man be fully persuaded in his own mind as to whether he shall go or not go. We can see no wrong in visiting the. Fair on any week day. We do not believe any good can come from advising Christian people to stay away altogether. The churches ought not to take any such attitude. Let them make their protest fairly and squarely against Sunday opening, as they have done. But for them now to propose a boycott would be unwise, unnec-essary and illogical. The Independent might have added, illegal and unchristian to its list of adjec-tives descriptive of the boycott. It is unchristian, for it is in violation of the Golden Rule; it is illegal, for it is conspir-acy. THE Battle Creek Sanitarium is the pioneer in the health food business in this country, and has established an enviable reputation both for the excellency of its foods and for promptness and fair dealing. We have used these foods ourselves and can testify to their excellent quality. For particulars see our ad. page. " THE violation of Sunday by opening the gates of the Fair is imaginary," says the Cincinnati Commercial Gazette. Yes, and so is the violation of Sunday by any-thing else that it is proper to do on any day. It is refreshing to know that through the agitation of the Sunday-clos-ing question the fact is becoming pretty generally recognized that Sunday sacred-ness is also purely imaginary. For years Sunday laws were urged in the interests of temperance. The Sentinel said all the time that the real object was not to promote temperance but to exalt Sunday. Now the facts demonstrate the truth of our contention. A year ago the demand for Sunday closing was very gen-erally coupled with a demand that no liquors be sold on the grounds; now that liquors are sold there, nothing is said of boycotting the Fair for that reason but for Sunday opening; and not only so, but the Political Dissenter, a National Reform paper published in Allegheny, Pa., in its issue of June 1, says:Š We admit that the use of the pressure of this pledge to stay away from the Fair carries with it an implied assurance that, if the Fair is closed on the Sabbath, the Christian people of America will support it by going to it. And much as we have been opposed to the liquor traffic of the Fair, and earnestly as we have approved a pledge to remain away on account of that feature of it, we are ready now, in view of the supreme importance which the Sabbath-closing question has assumed, to be held to the implied promise of approval and sup-port on which the management, in case the Fair is finally and permanently closed, will say they have trusted in making the Exposition a Sabbath observ-ing enterprise. They will naturally make their argument and appeal to Christians in this way : "In all this conflict before Congress and since, you friends of the Sabbath have declared that you would remain away from the Fair if the gates were opened on the Lord's day. We, together with Congress itself, have understood you to mean by this pledge that you would not stay away if the gates were closed. Encouraged by your implied promise of countenance and aid, Congress passed its law, and the management is accordingly run-ning the Fair with closed gates. And now we look to you for your promised support." There is logic in this argument. And the struggle has brought out the full force of it. And if after such a con-flict the gates are faithfully closed, we are con-strained to say it is wise and right, in view of all that has entered into the struggle, for Christians to give the Fair their patronage and support. This shows that Sunday and not tem-perance is the object aimed at. Every-thing is to be made subservient to this one idea, the sacredness of the man-made Sabbath, the Sunday of the Papacy, " the wild solar holiday of all pagan times." WE take pleasure in calling the atten-tion of our readers to the new Advertise-ment of the Battle Creek Bakery on an-other page of this paper. Nobody who has ever used these health foods will will-ingly do without them. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Sinzgle copy, per year, - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per spear, - - 90c 44 100 to 249 44 250 to 499 500 to 999 1000 or more To foreign countries in Address, 46 25 to 99 " 44 46 44 if 44 - - 75e 44 64 64 " Ł - - 70c 6461 It 64 Ł 05c 44 66 64 " Ł Ł - 00C Postal Union, - 5 shillings AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York City. 