ERICAN ENT1N "IF ANY MAN REAR MY WORDS. AND DEMME NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."--Jesus Christ. YOL. ,12; No. 4h. NEW YORK, DECEMBER 16, 1897. Single copy 3 cents. The Atheriean Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. fit-Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they.will he asked to pay for It. ( Entered at the New York Post-office.) THE application of force in religious matters always drives the soul upon which it is directed farther from God. CHRISTIANITY can no more be advanced by the ballot than by the bullet, since both alike are the emblems of force. Ł41.-- Ł - THE "sword of the Spirit" is effective enough' to ac-complish all the work that is committed to the church to do. A " cuimE " that cannot be recognized as such by reason and common sense, deserves no recognition from the law. Ł -444- - Comm-Enrico how much trouble the state has to en-force its own laws, would it be wise for it to undertake to enforce the laws of God? "Pup up thy sword into the sheath," is the word of Jesus Christ to such of his professed followers as desire to propagate Christianity by force. -RELIGIOUS legislation tends always to break down conscience, make hypocrites, and obliterate the distinc-tion in men's minds between right and wrong.  4  To force a man to do right, is to put force in the place of conscience. Men must be forced to respect rights, but beyond this force cannot rightfully go. "EXCEPTIONS prove the rule," but they do notalways prove the rule to be a good one. The exemptions of a Sunday law do not prove the law to be just and right. THE hardest work of all work is to be obliged to do nothing,Što maintain one's mental, physical, and moral equilibrium under a condition of enforced idleness. And this is the work which is thrust upon multitudes by the enforcement of a Sunday law. THE people who are calling for Sunday rest by law need to learn that there is an essential difference between rest and idleness. The law can force an individual to he idle, but it cannot force him to rest. The Rest Question. JEsus CHRIST said, "Come unto me, all ye that labor, and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest." This is not one of the "recently discovered sayings" of Christ, but has been in the Bible all along, and we may suppose, therefore, that it is familiar to, and firmly believed by, every member of the Christian church. And to all such, this saying ought to come with peculiar force at the present time; for it is a fact, as everybody knows, that the "rest" question is agitating and troubling the industrial world more than anything else at the present time. Yet it is also a fact, too plain to be denied, that the church forces are advocating a method of settling this question which is wholly different from that set forth in the Scriptures. Their method is not by invitation, but compulsion. They would compel every person in the land to refrain from work upon each first day of the week. For years the working men have been agitating for an eight-hour day. That is their method of gaining the rest which they desire. Nor is it a surprising one to be advocated by associations of a worldly character. But 