210 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL,. relation of child and parent to those who are aliens and strangers to the family and the cove-nants. It is a mistake constantly making in matters pertaining to reforms, that the State stands in the place of God, and that its business is to de-cide what is right and what is wrong, what is sin and what is not sin, and to legislate accord-ingly, forbidding and punishing sin, as such, be-cause it is condemned in the law of God. It is an effort to load upon the State the responsibility of taking the "vengeance" out of the divine hand and punishing the evil doer, not simply be-cause of his offense against society, but because of his offense against divine law. And all this is, as it seems to us, a mistaken view of the province of government. As we understand it, government is a social compact, in which the individual surrenders to the State certain natural rights, in view of the promise, expressed or implied, on the part of the latter, to prevent or punish the infringement of those rights by any other member of the same society; and only when it is doing for the indi-vidual what he has a natural right to do for him-self, only when it is protecting the individual against interference with his natural rights, or is preventing him from interfering with the natu-ral rights of another, can the State be regarded as in its proper place. The State has -a right to protect itself from harm, because thus it protects its individual members from harm; it has a right to promote the temporal interests of its citizens, and thus it promotes its own interests. Take, for example, the sin of lying; there can be no doubt that it is one of the most grievous and most prev-alent of sins; and yet the State takes no cogni-zance of it, except when it is in a court of justice, or when it is shown to have been specifically in-jurious to another citizen. And so we might go on through the long catalogue and show that it is the business of the State simply to protect its citizens in the enjoyment Of all their natural rights, and whatsoever is more than that cometh of evil. By these principles we, as Baptists, have always stood and ought to stand. We rec-ognize one Master, God, the eternal, the unchange-able, the just. . . . For our religious beliefs and practices we refuse to give account to men, and the further the State keeps away from us, as it pertains to these things, the more it will be do-ing the will of our Master. The State has no right to enter into the place of God and punish any citizen, because of his sin against God. It has no right to punish sin, as sin. For the sinfulness of his acts the individual is amenable only to God himself. It is for the injury imposed upon his fellow-man--upon society Šthat the 'State takes cognizance, and its pen-alties should never have any ether end than the prevention of the recurrence of the offense, either as to the same individual or as to another. It is no part of the business of the State to teach religion or to look at questions from a relig-ious standpoint. It has been sufficiently demon-strated that men cannot be made truly religious by law, and that attempts to make them such re-sult in the most despicable hypocrisy and corrup-tion. It was the mistake made by the Puritans in New England that they made religion a mat-ter of statute law, and required all officers to be members of a church. The result was the "half-way covenant" and the condition of things found by Jonathan Edwards and set forth by him in his account of the religious condition of the  country when he awakened to it, about the year 1740. It is true that the Puritans attempted to set up a theocracy in New England, and that they required everyone to be religious, to attend the church, to pay tithes, to observe certain fast and feast days, and especially to observe the Sabbath, according to their ideas; and because some Bap-tists and Quakers refused to conform to the ideas ofthe authorities, they were whipped and banished, and even hanged. Fortunately for us as a people, the Puritans did not settle the whole country, did not control all the colonies. In many things they were far superior to all others, but their defects were serious, and it was only after their good things had been fused with the good things, of some others that the resultant was what we now delight in. It was as when two kinds of ore are brought together in the furnace and the resultant is a superior grade of iron. So it was when some other good things from some other sources were smelted together with the Puritan ideas, that the best results were obtained. And, much as we to-day rejoice in what has come to us from New England, we like it the more because it has been transfused and modified by the good elements in other colonies. This country has made a great improvement in its moral tone and fibre since the Baptists effected its deliverance from the danger which menaced it under the first draft of the Constitution. Let us not forget our mission. Sunday Laws Discussed. THE following paragraphs are from an article on Sunday laws by Win. J. Fowler, published in the Rochester (N. Y.) Post-Express:Š "Every year during the prevalence of hot weather the Sunday question acquires unusual prominence. It is rather curious that the fiercest of the fight is going on while the clergy are off on their summer vacations. . . . It isn't a good state of things to have a very few men and women impressed with their personal responsibility for the good order of the entire community. Such responsibility needs to be more divided. . . . Whenever zealots in the name of religion attempt to manage the affairs of other people than them-selves, they inevitably run against a multitude of snags. I do not deny that it is in this way that an enormous amount of earnest Christian zeal has been worse than wasted. My entire sympathy with the excellent motives of such people does not blind me to their woeful mistake. The unchris-tian asceticism of the Puritan forefathers of this country is an excellent illustration of my mean-ing. The American people have outgrown what-ever was wholly superstitious in Puritanism, and for the sake of true religion I am heartily glad of it. Christ subjected himself to great obloquy on account of his teaching. Pretty much all the re-ligious men of his day hated him. The more "re-ligious " they were, or rather the more Pharisaical, the more they opposed him. It was at last in an excess of religious zeal that they crucified him. It may be taken as another parallel to their utterly hypocritical conduct, That they tried to avoid the odium of killing Christ for religion's sake, and claimed that they did it to uphold the Roman authority, which they pretended that Christ had threatened. Ł " Jesus protested against this on his trial. It was, I think, the only time on that occasion that he did protest. He was entirely resigned to be crucified, provided it was done without false pre- tenses. His manly nature could not abide a sham. So he made even Pilate see the point with the terse argument : "If my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight." The Ro-man magistrate turned to the scribes and Phari-sees, saying, substantially, " See ye to this. It is not my doings and I wash my hands of it." Af-ter that, Christ went to death without a murmur. " It is reasonably certain that if Christ were living now he would rebuke most strongly any at-tempt to enforce religious observance of the Sab-bath, or anything else, under a pretense of pre-serving civil order. "The functions of civil government are far bet-ter understood in this country than in any other, and they are very limited. They consist almost entirely in preventing people from interfering with the rights of others. This is only another way W.' saying that every man is entitled to the largest personal rights so long as he does not injure oth-ers. It is no discredit to the Puritans that they did not understand this as men generally do to-day. Nor is it any derogation to the honor justly dile to the Puritans to say that they had mastered only the alphabet of personal rights. They be-lieved most heartily, and it was a great point gained for that time, in their own freedom to wor-ship God unmolested according to the dictates of their own consciences. "That other people had just as much right in this matter as themselves, did not occur to them. It was a little later evolution of this fundamental truth, that was revealed more particularly to the Quakers and Baptists whom the Puritans perse-cuted. I have always been rather glad that the doctrine of religious liberty was not at first fully revealed to the Puritan forefathers of Massachu-setts. They were always a proud, high-spirited set of men, and if they had had so much truth given to their charge they would have been prouder and more unbearable than ever. " But it is discreditable to men living now to try to mould religion and social order on the mod-els set by the Puritans two hundred years ago. They were not the best models even for their day. Roger Williams and the Rhode Island colony set much better. . . . It seems to me that the way in which people pass their Sundays is no-body's business except their own, so long as their conduct interferes with nobody else. Whenever it does, the police magistrate can and generally does take cognizance of it. "A considerable part of our Sunday laws are relics of Puritan legislation which the public has long outgrown. They cannot be enforced, and their non-enforcement while on the statute book has a demoralizing tendency, as it familiarizes the public mind with successful defiance of the law." The Blair Sunday-Rest Bill. [The writer of this article, which we take from the Butler Eagle, is an old and respectable business man of Coultersville, Penn., and a member of the Presby-terian Church. In a private letter to us he says : " I believe that the religion of Christ is the only true re-ligion. Of all men that dwell on earth the true fol-lowers of Jesus is the farthest from being a perse-cutor."] Christians all agree that one day in seven is to be set apart for holy rest and worship; but there is a controversy among them which day of the week is the right one, one part contending that the seventh, and the other that the first day of the week is the proper one to observe. The thinking mind will recognize this as a purely religious controversy. Now, Senator Blair 