ALrIOST A flAN-7.  A frank talk to a boy who was " almost a man," and the good it did him. As it is in story form, every boy will read it, and be the better for it, as was the boy in the story. It is intended to help mothers and teachers in the delicate task of teaching the lad,  concerning himself, purely, yet with scien-tific accuracy. Price, postpaid, - - 25c. ALMOST A WOT1AN-,,,Z, Every mother should prepare her daughter for the changes that accompany development into wo-manhood. Many mothers do not know how best to give this instruction; they neglect this duty and invalidism for the daughter is too 'often the result "Almost a Woman" gives this necessary in-struction, in the form of a mother's talk with her daughter. Price, postpaid, - - 25c. CHILD CONFIDENCE REWARDED. A little booklet which demonstrates the practical value of teaching to children the truth regarding the origin of life. Price, postpaid, - 1.0c. One of many testimonials:Š Your booklets are a blessing to mothers, young children, and developing boys and girls, and my heart goes up in heartfelt gratitude for them. My boy, fourteen, said after reading "Almost a Man," "Mama, I feel better after reading that book; my thoughts are higher."ŠNellie P. Witham, Olympia, Wash. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond Street, New York City. * ****** ** * et** 9ŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁ444.4.10.414: Ł Chle Sips of the VMS An illustrated 16-page weekly, religious, home paper. It stands by the Word of God. It is truly evangelical. It preaches the right-eousness by faith which results in right doing. It deals with pro-phetic exposition. It is an earn-est exponent of practical mission-ary work. It presents to the reader the meaning of the revo-lutions and changes now taking place in the political, social, phys-ical, and religious worlds, in the light of prophecy. It is whole- Ł Ł some, clean, elevating, whether Ł you agree with it or not. Ł Ł Price $1.00 a year Ł Ł Sample copy free Ł Ł ..71ddress, Signs of me Times Ł i Oakland, Cal. : ŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁ ŁŁŁŁ Ł 4 4 4 4 Ł Ł 4, Ł Ł Ł 4 4 Ł Ł Ł Ł Ł Ł Ł I Ł Ł AMERICAN SENTINEL. 287 " It is the Grandest Book Says a lady who has read the book I Ever liead," entitled, "Christ Our Sotioar," By MRS. E, G. WHITE. WE have in this book the life of "Christ Our Saviour"-from his birth to ascension, given in simple and direct language. It is printed in large, clear type, and is finely illustrated by engravings made especially for it. The simplicity with which this " Old, Old Story" is told, the-aptness of the illustrations, and the general appearance of the better bound styles will attract and hold the reader's attention to the very close. It makes an excel-lent birthday or holiday gift to a friend, either young or old. 160 large octavo pages, bound as follows, and will be sent postpaid at prices given. Presentation edition, two colors, vellum cloth, embossed in jet, green and gold, beveled edges, gilt top  $1.25 Fine English cloth, embellished aluminum cover  .75 Cloth back, board covers, in colors  .50 Heavy tag-board covers. Bible Stddents' Library, No. 141  .35 Also published in board and cloth at 50c and 75c in German, Swedish, Danish, and Spanish languages. Address, Ł PACIFIC PRESS PUB. Co., 39 Bond Street, New York, GARLAND, CAI, KANSAS CITY, MO. 6,..41%1/4:411."i"6, \ .41k, Alik,01/41/4  4 .01e*,01,6/1/..00,W0,411.,A9,410,Air Ł,01,ŁOr %/I./I./WY' 1k THE DESIRE 46, 14" le. OF AGES. r . Ł Interesting and Instructive.thTishbeomokahnausscbriepent  tfonr- der preparation by the author, Mits. E. G. WUITE, for the last ten years, and it is sufficient to say that it is one of the most important and attractive of all her numerous works. Present demands bespeak for it an extensive circulation. Work of art. The publishers have done all in their LŁ power to make this the finest book of the kind ever published. Some of the best artists in the country have been employed for more than two years, at a cost of several thousand dollars. Of Practical Value. PRICE, POSTPAID : Cloth, - - 1.6 Cloth, Library, Full Morocco - For years inquiries have been received in reference to this book, Je Marble Edge, -$3.50 Gilt lt 4.25 Marble " 5.00 Gilt 7.00 /.6 ADDRESS PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO.. 39 Bond Street, New York City. Kansas ŁJity, Mo. Oaklaau, ŁŁŁŁOlve Nlielliella:NW eNiteNvegkeNiti.olliewie #.0 /.6 