300 `I`I=IE AMERICAN SENTINM,. instrument for the expression and exer-cise of its authority has been invented and put into active operation at Winchester, Md. A merchant of that place has re-cently read his Bible without those scales upon his eyes which make the fourth commandment read, " The first day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." Having seen that the commandment is, and al-ways has been, " The seventh day is the Sabbath," like a sane, reasonable, and,  consistent man he proceeded to keep that day, But the latter-day inquisition, with a subtlety of device worthy of the added intellectuality of the -age, and a skillful,  use of the modern improvements, has in-vented a new refinement of persecution. This eminently consistent and sound minded merchant, when he understood that the word of God was unmistakably " the seventh day is the Sabbath," im-mediately closed his store on the Sabbath. Not to have done so would have argued him illogical, inconsistent, and wanting in those attributes of uprightness, relia-bility, and sanity, which prompt a man to square his practice with his convictions and principles. Had he done otherwise, he might properly have been considered an unsafe man with whom to do business. But the inquisition of the last decade of the nineteenth century reverses all this, and adjudges this man fanatical, insane, and unsafe as a business man because of this evidence of his righteousness and probity, and so informs the commercial agencies which publish to the world the vot-ing of a man's business credit and honor. As a result of this publication his creditors in the regular line of business threaten him with financial ruin at a forced sale. At the same time they propose themselves that they will institute no proceedings if he will but yield principle to policy, and open his store on the Sabbath. They have no doubt of his business capacity. He is sufficiently sane to handle their goods on credit to the amount of thousands of dol-lars if he will but deny the law of his God. More than that, if he desires to refuse the continued credit offered him by those from whom he purchases goods and pay them immediately, and in full, there are those intimately acquainted with him, and conversant with all his affairs, who stand ready to loan him, at any moment, all the money he desires, if only he will deny the law of his God, and open his place of business on the Sabbath. Methods of persecution are open to this generation which Torquemada never dreamed of in his philosophy of torture. They will be used. It would be well for business men among Sabbath-keepers, Israelites, Seventh-day Baptists, Seventh-day Adventists, to take note of this new invention now being put to such practical and effective use at Winchester, Md. W. H. M. persecuting Sabbath-Keepers in Ten- nessee. THE fining and imprisoning of Seventh-day Adventists in Henry Co., Tenn., evinces an amount of injustice and bigotry which would seem impossible, if the facts were not on record. The men who are being persecuted are acknowledged to be estimable, and law-abiding citizens, against whom no charge can be brought, except that they pursue their usual voca-tion as farmers on Sunday. In the case of W. S. Lowry, tried at Paris, Tenn., May 27, 1892, the important testimony  which procured the verdict, " guilty," was given by a Sabbath-keeper who was compelled to testify against his brother Sabbath-keeper. Good must come of such injustice and unchristian transactions by calling public attention to the intoler-ant laws which yet exist amid the ignor-ance and bigotry of Tennessee. These transactions are shameful and cruel. They show how the existing Sunday laws can be made to answer partisan ends and the behest of the bigots who institute pro-ceedings in such cases. While the whole land teems with Sunday work, Sunday pleasure-seeking and Sunday revelry, Christian men are fined and imprisoned, really because they keep the Sabbath and exercise their God-given right of doing ordinary work, like Christian men, on.  Sunday. Is it true that thus late in the world's history religious toleration and freedom can be gained only through prison bars. Has the genuine gospel of Christ ever been preached in Tennessee ? ŠSabbath Outlook. Turning Things Upside Down. THE Examiner (Baptist) says, that " in-dications multiply that the rejoicing over the action of Congress regarding the Sun-day closing of the Chicago Exposition was premature." "It is high time," remarks the Exam-iner, "for the advocates of a Sunday rest to bestir themselves." But what now can " the advocates of a Sunday rest" do ? they have already counted as petitioners several times over the entire membership of all the churches, both Protestant and Catholic, and surely they will not have the face to further "stuff" their petitions. They have not only exhausted their re-sources but they have so far exceeded them as to more than create a suspicion as to their honesty. Surely "the Chris-tian people" find themselves in a very awkward situation, but for which they have only themselves to blame. The Examiner complains that " the press is active" in the interests of Sunday opening; "not only the daily press, which has a pecuniary stake in every question of this kind, but the periodicals, and even a part of the so-called religious press. This powerful agency for the moulding of pub-lic opinion is almost wholly arrayed against Sunday closing of the Fair." " Even the clergy have been divided. Bishop Potter has given the great weight of his name and influence to those who would utterly destroy the day of rest, and are clamor-ously demanding the Sunday opening of the Fair as a long step in the direction of fulfilling their purpose." One very noticeable thing in this con-nection is that fealty to Sunday is made the test of Christianity : an institution without a shadow of divine authority, a day known to Holy Writ only as the "first day of the week," a day which neither our Lord nor his apostles observed and to which the early Church was a stranger until apostasy had seriously per-verted the gospel of Christ, a day brought into the Church by unconverted heathen tenacious for their ancient customs and jealous for the honor of the sun god, has now become the symbol of all true re-ligion ! To honor it is to be a Christian !! to disregard it is to be an apostate from the faith, or at best, a Christian only " so-called " ! 1! Surely this is turning things upside down. C. P. B. NATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. A MASS-MEETING was held in St. Paul, Minn., in favor of Sunday opening of the World's Fair. THE City Council of Chicago has passed a memo-rial asking Congress to repeal all legislation by the general Government in reference to the Sunday closing of the World's Fair. A ROMAN Catholic society has been formed at Tours, France, for the promotion and enforcement of Sunday observance. The organization professes to be for extension among Catholics throughout the world. REV. W. S. MCINTIRE, of Biddleford, Maine, member of the special committee appointed by the conference of various Maine denominations to formulate a "plan to secure better Sunday legis-lation," is sending out to ministers and church people all over the State, copies of a petition to be presented to the Legislature next month, asking that Sunday excursions by railroads and steam-boats be prohibited and Sunday traffic regulated. A " Rest Day League " organized lately in Dan-ville, Ill., has elected as its president Judge J. W. Wilkins, of the Illinois Supreme Court. Of this or-ganization, the Christian Statesman says: " The churches, young people's organizations, and sev-eral labor unions are federated in this league, and it is planning for complete closing up of business on the Sabbath by persuasion and law." This is a confederacy indeed; and in such a connection the word " persuasion " has a most secretly threaten-ing sound. A DECISION has just been rendered by the assist-ant attorney for the District of Columbia, upon a request for the refunding of money assessed for street improvements, against the Trinity Catholic Church, of Georgetown, D. C. The assistant at-torney holds that the statute of the District ex-empting church and school property from taxation and assessment, has been repealed by the act of March 3, 1892, in so far as relates to assessments for new sidewalks and curbing. According to this holding, church property in the District of Columbia stands upon the same footing with all the restŠthat is, on the sidewalk and curb. THE officers of the Christian Endeavor Society have given notice that they decline to represent the Seventh-day Baptists, because they are " at variance on a vital point with the other churches." This is not a small responsibility which the officers of the society are taking. They virtually say to the tens of thousands of young people under their religious tutelage, throughout the country,ŠThese Seventh-day Baptists, and all who under-stand that the "seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord" are heretics and ought to be excommuni-cated. Be ye separate from them. Henceforth, it seems, the seventh-day keeper is to be to the Christian Endeavor as a heathen man and a publican. WE have just been informed by a correspondent, that on Friday, September 30, a Seventh-day Ad-ventist saw two women fighting. The next day the Adventist was summoned to appear as a wit-ness in the case, before the Justice of the Peace. It being the Sabbath, he refused to go, whereupon the constable was sent back to arrest him. Being thus forcibly brought before the court, the justice inquired why he did not appear. He told him that he could not conscientiously come on that day, be-cause be regarded it as the Sabbath. The justice then said that' the United States Government ac-knowledges one Sabbath, and that that was the first day of the week, and fined the gentleman 0.00 and 