AMERICAN SENTINEL. 237 deposit the host in the mouth of the sick person, a little dog which had always shown the greatest love for Mag-dalene, upset the priest, and caught the host in his mouth, and instantly devoured it. The dog was pur-sued by all present and beaten to death with sticks. By order of the holy church the corpse will be burned." The Pastor Explains It. THE pastor of the Nyack (N. Y.) Reformed Church, who commanded the town president to stop a Sunday parade in honor of returning soldiers, as mentioned in the SENTINEL last week, wishes to make an explanation. He wants it understood that he is not opposed to Sun-day parades in honor of returning heroes from the war. In the Nyack Evening Journal, he says:Š "Sir: In explanation of what occurred in the Re-formed Church Sabbath evening, permit me to say I had no knowledge or intimation that the soldiers were ex-. pected in Nyack that evening, and when the beating of the drums disturbed the religious service,I was naturally indignant, and asked the village president if that was to be allowed on the Lord's day. At this point I had no idea that the soldiers were in town. He answered, 'I don't know.' I said, 'Go out and stop it.' After Mr. Myers left his seat, he said, 'The soldiers are coming home.' Impulsively, and before I comprehended his words, I said, 'I don't care who it is.' This last remark I immediately regretted, and I now acknowledge my error in thus speaking." We would infer from this that a Sunday parade is all right, provided it is made in honor of a certain class of persons. We fear the explanation will not impress anybody with a sense of the propriety of Sunday enforce-ment. "Sovereignty." New York " World." ONE fact is made entirely clear by the proclamation of the President's Commission to the Filipinos. Mr. McKinley has, without the authority either of the Con-stitution or of Congress, not only undertaken the con-quest of the islands by war, but has assumed their per-manent control and government. The proclamation asserts our "sovereignty over the Philippine Islands." Sovereignty is supreme power. It is a term of finality. And as if to emphasize this mean_ ing the proclamation again declares that "the suprem-acy of the United States must and will be enforced throughout every part of the Archipelago." This is at least explicit. It puts an end to the nau-seating cant and unconscionable lying as to the policy of the Administration. It acts as a clarifier of the clouded rhetoric of the President in his Boston speech. It shows the hollowness of his protestations that the future of the Philippines was in "the hands of Con- gross." It affirms the policy of "forcible annexation" which the President said would be "criminal aggression" in Cuba. This action is of course revolutionary, and unless the Filipino nature has changed it will have about the same effect in suppressing the insurrection that kerosene has in putting out a fire. But it is at least satisfactory to have a definite policy before the people at last. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write Names Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. AMERICAN SENTIN   NE, Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom-promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, Single Copy, Per Year $1.00. " Six months .50. 4.4 Three months .25. ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York. Medicated Vapor Is the surest remedy for treating dis-eases of the Respiratory Organs, as Catarrh, Coughs, Bronchitis, Asthma, Consumption, Sore Throat, Diphtheria, etc. The Simplicity Vaporizer is the most simple of all vaporizersŠcannot get out of order; is always ready for use; parts can be replaced at small cost. The manager of the Commonwealth says of it: "Your Vapor-izer received. I have given it a faithful trial and will not hesitate to commend it. It should be in every home." READ Tills, A lady writes: " I have catarrh of the larynx; my nose and throat become so filled at times with mucous, I cannot articulate. My head feels dull and heavy sometimes." After trying it for a few days she writes: "Your Vaporizer is proving satisfactory. My voice is clearer already." Sent, with medicine, Postpaid, for $1.50. Agents Wanted. Write for Terms. ALFRED MALLETT, 39 Bond Street, New York. 