42 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. covenant with God to be his people and to obey him, but God conferred no legislative power upon any of them. 7. Although the Government was a theoc-racy, under the immediate and sole direction of God, the religious and civil elements were kept distinct, the priests having no inheritance with the tribes, and all but those designated by the Lord as priests being ineligible to the priest-hood. All religious rites being ordered by the Lord, the civil rulers had no authority to con-trol them, or interfere in their performance. The prophets through whom the Lord directed the affairs of the Government, might or might not be priests. Sometimes this office was given to women. All was ordered of the Lord, and the people had no voice in any of these matters. 8. The people finally demanded a king, not to better their Government, but to be as the nations around them. Though the Lord lis-tened to their request, the thing displeased him. He said it was equivalent to rejecting him as their ruler. He gave them a king, but he re-served to himself the right to choose the king for them. Even in this they were not con-sulted. Saul was chosen of the Lord and anointed before the people knew anything about him. He was rejectedŠnot by the peo-ple, but by the LordŠand David was chosen and anointed in like manner, without the knowledge of the people. And the powers of the king were so limited by the rules and laws which were given to them, that Israel was once sorely afflicted because King David presumed ;to take a census of the people without consult- ing the Lord 9. The religious rites of Israel were mostly types, not models to be followed by future Gov-ernments. And no Government could adopt them as models without denying the priesthood of Christ, the antitype. And now, reader, we leave it to you to judge in this matter. Was there any semblance to a republic in the Government of Israel, in any period of its history? Are not the Amend-mentists guilty of deception in trying to palm off such statements as those we have quoted, as historical truths of the Bible? We have claimed, and we insist, that their movement contemplates an entire change in the structure of our Government. It is impossible to carry their plans into effect, and to retain the repub-lican features of our Government. The rights of certain classes of citizens will be ruthlessly trampled under foot as surely as they succeed in changing the Constitution as they desire and intend to do. But one other feature of their contemplated work will now be noticed. It is closely related to the subject herein considered. By them it is termed " Bible legislation." We quote again the words of a writer in the Statesman:Š "But the changes will come gradually, and probably only after the whole framework of Bible legislation has been thoroughly canvassed by Congress and State Legislatures, by the Su-preme Courts of the United States and of the several States, and by lawyers and citizens gen-erally." What is meant by "Bible legislation"? Noth-ing else but legislation upon the Bible and its teachings. This writer says that "the chief  discussions and final decisions of most points will be developed" in the churches. But we deny the right of Congress, Legislatures, Courts, lawyers, and also of the churches to legislate concerning the doctrines and duties contained in the Bible. When they propose to do this, we ask them to show their credentials. Who gives them authority to enter upon any such a work? Was this the province of the " Congress " of Is-rael, to " legislate " concerning what God com-manded them to do and to teach ? Where is the evidence? Such power was never committed even to the apostles of Christ. They taught that which they received by revelation; and they taught that at the death of the testator the covenant was ratified, and nothing could thereafter be added to it. Their office was neither legislative nor executive, but ministe-rial. But certain ones are now dissatisfied with the heavenly calling of " ambassadors for Christ; " they choose rather to be self-appointed legislators and executives; they aspire to a po-sition to which God never appointed mortal man. For all that they seek to be and to do they have no warrant in the holy Scriptures. But they have a precedent; they are following, in the footsteps of a most illustrious predecessor. He is described by Paul in 2 Thess. 2, as " that man of sin, the son of perdition; who opposeth and exalteth himself above all that is called God, or that is worshiped." If they think this application is unjust, we ask them then to an-swer this question: How is it possible for one to exalt himself above the position of a legis-lator upon the word of God? No one can legislate upon a matter which is above his authority; and he who legislates upon the Bible, and declares authoritatively what man may and may not do in regard to the word of.  God, and bow man must and must not receive its precepts, truly exalts himself above the word of the Most High. Jehovah has magni- fied his word above all his name (Ps. 138 : 2) and his righteous justice will not long suffer such an insult to his authority. This was the crying crime of that man of sin; he usurped the place of God, by sitting in judg-ment upon the consciences and religious con-victions of his fellow-creatures. This usurpa-tion led him to " wear out the saints of the Most High " (Dan. 7: 25); upon this usurpa-tion the Inquisition was built. And this is exactly the authority which certain misguided religionists now ask the people of the United States to place in their hands ! And that is what they call " National Reform." That, they affect to believe, is necessary to Christianize the nation, and exalt the name of Christ in the earth.' We believe the whole movement has its spring in selfish ambition; and we think that their arrogant and overbearing manner of treating those who do not 'coincide with their faith fully justifies our belief. Their profession of sincerity does not at all change the aspect of the matter. The same sincere regard for the honor of God and for the success of his truth in the earth was professed by their predecessors in this work; but that profession did not miti-gate the horrors of the dungeon, the rack, and the burning stake. Thus much at present for the historical view. They profess that their movement will also ful-fill prophecy. While we cannot agree with their conclusions, we shall not altogether con-trovert their claim. But we invite them to study Rev. 13 : 11-18, with the connection. It may be that this is the very prophecy that their movement would fulfill. And after care-fully examining the several points, then they might profitably compare with it chap. 14 : 9- 12. If they consider such an application fanci-ful, we reply, that we shall hereafter endeavor to show that their interpretations of prophecy are only fanciful, and contradictory of the plainest declarations of the sacred word. Our readers may rest assured that we shall not lose sight of the principles of Government which we have tried to expound and vindicate in the preceding numbers of the SENTINEL. But the "National Reformers" profess that theirs is a " Christian " work, in harmony with the' teachings of the holy Scriptures. It is our purpose to meet them on every point, and to expose their fallacies in every direction; for theirs is a work of fallacy and error in what- ever light it may be viewed. J. 11. W. "What Think Ye of Christ?" As WE have read the arguments of the so-called National Reformers, in which they claim for Christ a political sovereignty, we have in-voluntarily asked the above question. We have wondered whether they really regarded Christ as the divine Son of God, or as a scheming pol-itician. Two quotations will suffice to show that our query is well grounded. In the Chris- tian Statesman of April 22, in reply to the state-ment that "The apostles and primitive Christians never tried to' get an amendment inserted in the statutes and laws of the Roman Empire," M. A. Gault says:Š " Christ and his apostles did not work to amend the Roman laws and constitution, be-cause it [Rome] was not a republic. Its power did not come through the people. Its laws were not a reflection of the sentiments of the people, and it could not be made a Christian nation in the sense in which ours can." That is as mach as to say that if Christ had come in the days when Rome was a republic, he would have set about amending its laws. Instead of going about Judea and Galilee doing good, preaching the gospel to the poor, healing the broken-hearted, and those that were op-pressed of the devil, he would have gone to Rome, got himself elected to the Senate, or ask consul, and would at once have set about mak-ing Rome a Christian nation, by legal enact- ment! This is the way the "National Reform-ers " are doing, and they profess to be followers of Christ. The Lord, through the psalmist, said to the wicked, " Thou thoughtest that I was altogether such an one as thyself," and that statement seems to be applicable in this case. Because they bring religion down to the level of party politics, they imagine that Christ would do the same. Before commenting any further on the above, we will quote the illustration which a "Na- tional Reformer" gave to show why Christ did not accept the office of king when he was on earth. The illustration is quoted by Rev. Wm. Ballentine, in his reply to Dr. W. Wis-hart. Said the lecturer:Š 