‚,,1 N.sy. Xry Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas yeferson. VOLUME OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, DECEMBER 4, 1889. NUMBER 45. Fie An2eitical2 300112e1. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK; Ł 18 POST ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.; 12TH & CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. EDITORS, E. J. WAGGONER, ALoNzo T. JONES. "THE Sunday-law cranks of Boston," says a New 'York paper, " have been snubbed by an-other judicial opinion. In a case brought to test the legality of towing on Sunday, Judge Thomp-son, in the Superior Court, held that vessels com-ing to the port of Boston have a right to come to docks on Sunday, and that it is a work of neces-sity to bring the vessel in whether by the sailors on, board or by those in another boat towing her,' The prosecution was instituted by religious fa-natics of the' Elliott Shepard kind." Ł AN attorney-at-law, in Washington, D. C., writes thus concerning the AMERICAN SENTINEL: "EDITORS AMERICAN SENTINEL: A number of copies of your paper have recently fallen into my hands. Its doctrines are logical and its ar-guments insuperable. Before seeing it, I had at-tended some of the meetings held here by the advocates of the so-called Sunday-Rest bill, where I saw miles of petitions, and listened to many fine speeches, and signed the petition. Since see-ing your paper, I have become converted and signed an opposing petition. You are right in thinking there is danger in that bill." M. A. G. says we are in the fog. We request him to read Luke 6 : 41, 42. After these state-ments it is astonishing to hear him say, "We pro-test as strongly as anyone against the union of Church and State." But what does he mean by a union of Church and State? It is a union "between the State and some particular organized church or denomination." This kind of a union of Church and State we never expect to see. Was the Church united to the State in the days of Constan-tine?ŠAll will admit that it was. How was it done?ŠA council was called to decide what were the principles of the Christian religion common to all. These were enforced by law. The very same thing in substance and principle is proposed by Senator Blair and formulated in the joint resolu-tion S. R. 86, proposing an amendment of the Constitution of the United States respecting es-tablishments of religious and free public schools, introduced into Congress May 25, 1888. The National Reformers favor this amendment. Hence they favor a repetition of the same thing done in the fourth century, or the same kind of a union of Church.  and State made at that time. The  church is the body of Christ. Col. 1 : 18. The memberof the church are members of his body. 1 Cor. 6 : 15; Eph. 5 : 29, 30. Those who have the religion of Christ form the church of Christ, and for Senator Blair to propose legislation en-forcing the teaching of the "principles of the Christian religion," is to propose a union of the Christian Church with the State; and for the National Reformers to favor that amendment is to favor a union. of Church and StateŠ W., in, Prohibition Journal. " Legitimate Recreation." IN the report of the thirty and thirty-first years of the New York Sabbath Committee, we find a section on the Saturday half-holiday movement, the first paragraph of which reads as follows:Š " The Saturday half-holiday movement, from which much was hoped in its indirect influence upon the Sunday observance, has not accomplished as yet what was expected from it. Said Governor Hill, in a speech at Dunkirk, with reference to this measure : There inay be a legal difficulty in dividing a day, Making only one-half of it a legal holiday. That difficulty can be avoided by making every Saturday Šthe whole dayŠa holiday. Saturday would thus be set apart as a day of recreation and pleasure, and the following Sunday would become, what it was intended to be, emphatically a day of rest, and a bet-ter observance of Sunday would be promoted. Sun-day is rapidly becoming a day of recreation, espe-cially in the summer season, instead of a day of rest. Such a holiday would afford every workingman an opportunity for pleasure, for some travel, for visiting friends, for study, and fel' whatever other legitimate recreation he may desire to take.' " There are two points suggested by this which are worthy of serious thought. The first is in connection with the claim that the Sunday law is a temperance measure in that it will close the saloons on Sunday. It is well known that when the charge of discrimination is made of tacitly making the liquor traffic legitimate on other days by excluding the sale of intoxicants on Sunday, the Sunday-law people say that it is necessary because people are idle on Sunday, and, there-fore, are then more subject to the attractions of the saloon; that if the saloons are closed on Sun-day, when people are idle, the bulk of their traf-fic will be taken away. The fallacy of this claim was shown in the SENTINEL a few weeks ago by a quotation from the Voice; but the effort of the Sunday-law movers to have Saturday made a half or a whole holiday is the strongest demonstration of the hollowness of their temperance professions. While professing to want the saloons closed on Sunday in order simply to protect the idle laboring men, they, at the same time, work to have' the pre-ceding day made a holiday, in which the work-ingmen shall be idle. But we have never heard  of a Saturday-closing movement, so that it would seem that the saloon is dangerous to idle men only on Sunday. But what is specially interesting in the para-graph we have quoted is the closing sentence in the extract from Governor Hill's speech. After recommending the setting apart of Satur-day as a day of recreation and pleasure,-so that Sunday might become emphatically a day of rest, he says: " Such a holiday would afford every man an opportunity for pleasure, for some travel, for visiting friends, for study, and for whatever other legitimate recreation he may de-sire to take!" That is the object of the proposed Saturday half-holiday; it is to allow the working-man time to take the recreation which he needs, but which would be prohibited by such a Sunday law as is desired. And what is the recreation? Read the above sentence again. It is travel, visiting friends, and study. Nothing could more plainly indicate that the proposed law would prohibit such quiet recreation as visiting friends and studying. Surely this would be the Puritan law with a vengeance. It would involve the spy-ing into houses by the minions of the law, to see who is reading the newspaper or studying, or to see who is receiving an innocent visit from a friend. It is a striking comment on the inevita-ble working of a Sunday law, that its friends cannot make even the most incidental allusion to " it without revealing the cloven foot of the Inquisition. E. J. W. What It Means. THE fathers of our Constitution builded wisely when they inserted the provision that liberty of conscience must remain inviolate. To main-tain that bulwark of liberty there must be a con-tinuous and absolute separation of State and Church and public schools from all religion. To guide the public-school system to its destiny it is absolutely essential that religious influence be far removed from the schools, and that sectarian doc-trines be forever eliminated. The blending of popular education with religion has been fully illustrated by the present condition of Germany, where the fatal effects are now shoWn. Atheism and infidelity exist to a larger extent than. in any other civilized country. Commenting on this subject a valued exchange says:Š " Nothing can work so great a hardship as to cram into the minds of children religious opinions opposed to their home trainingŠopinions, per-haps, which they have been taught to regard as fatal to eternal salvation. The only one that will be pleased at this is the teacher who is spread-ing on earth the dogma of some particular creed. Religious instruction in the public school means a gradual retrogression to the union of Church 