326 AMERICAN SENTINEL. power, are upright and honest. The plan has always brought evil upon mankind in the past, this must be ad-mitted. But we must give the religious people of past -times credit for being honest, the same as we do those of to-day. They meant well, just as the Christian Endeav-orers mean well to-day. But the history of the papacy in Europe, and of the Puritans in America, testifies of the harm that resulted. It was so because it could not be otherwise. Christianity will not coalesce with a govern-ment of force; and it matters not how good aid honest are the, people who attempt to unite them, or how inno --cent and plausible is the appearance of things at the start. The only result that can possibly follow is that which has followed in the pastŠthe establishment of a re-ligious despotism. As before stated, Christianity does not qualify any person for the administration of civil office. On the 'contrary, it separates a person from the world, and from that which is of the world. It gives him citizenship in a -different country. It enrolls him under another govern-ment, while it teaches him to live peaceably with all men here, and to be in subjection to the powers that be. The governments of earth are not the product of the wisdom and power of God, but of man; and God rules in them by overruling. The fit symbols of the divine government are the dove and the lamb; of human governments, the eagle and the lion. In the screaming and tearing of -the eagle, and the roaring and rending of the lion, God has not called His people to participate.  ernment by injunction is evidently capable of infinite ex-pansion and application. We should not now hear any more nonsense about the will of the people being the supreme law. "Reading'the Fourth Commandment in a Drop of Blood by the Aid of the Microscope." BY ELD. J. F. BALLENGER. THE sixth of the educational series of lectures under the auspices of the local plebiscit campaign committee was delivered in the Dundas Street Methodist Church recently by Dr. Wilbur F. Crafts, of Washington, D. C. His subject was " The Big Four and Forty More" (reforms). Prominent among the "Big Four" was the sabbath reform. In speaking upon this the doctor said :Š "As in the case of temperance, so in that of the sab-bath, we believe the need of the hour is to reinforce con-science with science to show in this case that it is not a Christian doctrine only but a certainty of science that the best health and the longest life cannot be attained with-out sabbath rest. After making the above statements the speaker pro-duced a chart drawn up by Dr. Heagler, with the accom-panying diagram,Š WITH THE. SEVENTH DRY REST 4  Judicial Usurpation. "Twentieth Century," May 1. THE three cent car fare law which was put into oper-ation in Indianapolis,two weeks ago has been declared null .and void by a federal judge from Chicago. The judge says it is a piece of special legislation, but whatever it may be there is no evading the fact that the Constitution of the United States never contemplated any such interference with the rights of a sovereign State as this decision forms. It is a most flagrant usurpation. Judge Showalter, who Tendered the judgment in this highly important case, de-nied that the Supreme Court of Indiana has any right to pass upon the matter in controversy. It is a great dis-appointment to find that the three cent car fare can be abrogated in defiance of the will of the people. The corporation magnates are naturally highly de-lighted at the victory they have won. A curious feature is the wholesale series of injunctions issued by Judge Showalter. In the first place, he enjoins the State prose-tutor from enforcing the law. He enjoins the governor of the State from executing it. He enjoins the city offi-cials in Indianapolis from recognizing the law, and he en-joins the street railway company from receiving a three--cent car fare. It seems very strange that a Chicago offs_ tial can thus govern the whole State of Indiana. Gov- in which the author claims to have made a new discovery showing the "need of the hour," that is, how "conscience can be reinforced with science" by the devoting of one day out of the seven to rest. The speaker said it was hoped that the chart would soon be inserted in the text books of scientific temper-ance, which are one by one being revised, as they ought to be as familiar and fundamental in every child's edu-cation as the "rule of three," since this rule of seven is more radically essential to wise living. Each downward stroke (in the accompanying dia-gram) represents a day's work which is not quite equaled by the upward restorative stroke of the night's rest ; so that one is a little weaker every day as the week's work goes on. It was further claimed that the laborer in a normal 