THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 67 ernment, and that we "ignore the plainly taught Bible principle that civil government is a-divirie ordinance." If he had read the sev-eral numbers of the SENTINEL he would know the truth of that concerning which he is sadly ignorant. There is not a sentiment expressed or a word spoken in the SENTINEL which at all iinplies that we ignore that fact. Besides fre-quent reference to the fact, at least two articles have been published on that subject. But Mr. Leiper and his confreres do evince great igno-rance of the true principles of civil government, and of its relation to religion. We remember that Paul said, " There is no power but of God; " and that he and those to whom he wrote, and Whom he exhorted to yield subjection to " the higher powers," were the subjects of a king, and' not citizens of a republic; and that this king was a Pagan and not a Christian ruler. And Peter said: " Honor the king." We know all this; but this does not prove the correctness of the Conclusions of the National Reformers. They-  openly refuse to honor, and deny the au-thority of, the civil Government unless it is molded and modeled to their peculiar notions. There is not a word in the New Testament to justify their position. We have here noticed the main points of Mr. Leiper's 'comments on the SENTINEL. Some other assertions of his we may notice in the future. J. H. W. Significant Facts. THE Christian Statesman reports that the Church of the United Brethren has put a Na-tional Reform preacher into the field, Rev. R. Rock by name, and will support him; and that a preacher, Rev. J. P. Mills by name, from the Methodist Episcopal Church, will enter upon the National Reform work, on the same terms, about Sept. 1, 1886. The late General Assembly of the United Presbyterian Church, by its Committee on Na-tional Reform, expressed its gratification "to learn that the presentation of the Christian theory of civil government by the advocates of National Reform, is educating the people to recognize that civil government is an ordinance of God; . . . that Jesus Christ, the Head of the Church, is . . . the Ruler of nations, and has laid down in his word the fundamental enactments by which the enactments of our civil code are to be tested; and that this word ought to be recognized as the fundamental law of the Nation, and be incorporated into its very Constitution." It regards " the continued ad-vocacy of this Reform as imperatively neces-sary;" and by resolution commends "to the generous financial support of our people the Secretaries and advocates of this movement." The Ocean Grove Assembly set apart Wednes-day,. July 21, as National Reform Day, which, says the Statesman, " will afford a fine audience of the best people, without effort or cost on the part of the friends of the cause." Likewise the Chautauqua Assembly management granted the morning and afternoon sessions of Friday, July 23, to National Reform. This the States-man correctly called " another magnificent op-portunity for the presentation of the principles of the National Reform Association." Nor is this all. For more than a year the National Reform party has been specially and as-siduously courting the National Woman's Chris- tian Temperance Union, and it has succeeded in so far rhyming itself into these ladies' fa-vor that we are quite certain it will never rea-son itself out again. Joint conventions are now being held by the two bodies, and we see their vital union virtually consummated. Al-ready in their joint convention held at Can-onsburg, Pa., May 19, an address of wel-come was delivered " by Mrs. Rev. J. F. Hill, in which the -oneness of the two organizations was very ably set forth." Miss Willard, Mrs. Woodbridge, Mrs. Bateham, Mrs. J. Ellen Fos-ter, Mrs. West, and Mrs. Hoffman, are all Vice- Presidents of the National Reform Association. Mrs. Woodbridge made a straight-out National Reform speech both at Ocean Grove and at Chautauqua, on the occasions referred to above. Besides this Mrs. Woodbridge was appointed by the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, to carry to the Cleveland Convention of the Knights of Labor, last May, "the salutations of the Union, and a brief argument in behalf of the cause of temperance " ; but the lady al- lowed her National Reform zeal to carry her beyond her appointed mission and she closed her speech to the Assembly with these words:Š " Thus would the National Woman's Christian Temperance Union join bands with the Knights of Labor in placing this Government upon the shoulders of Him who is Wonderful, Counselor, the Mighty God, the Everlasting Father, the Prince of Peace,' and in crowning Christ, our Lord, as the Ruler of nations." This the Christian Statesman pronounces a "cause for rejoicing," and "an especial gratifi- cation to the friends of National Reform."ŠSee Statesman Tune 8, 1886. The Woman's Christian Temperance Union has done noble work, in which we have rejoiced and should ever rejoice, while she kept in the line of her legitimate and chartered work. But just as soon as she proposes to sell herself to work the iniquity of lifting the Nation al Reform party into power in its .union of Church and State, and the establishment of its hierarchy in this country, then we are prepared to write of her, "The glory is departed." The Prohibition Party also is coming up to the work. The New Jersey Prohibition Con-vention, and that of Washington County, Pa., adopted resolutions which the Statesman says read like the resolutions of a National Reform Convention. The Maine Prohibitionists de-clare that " we aim, in a word, at the application of Christian principles to political life. . . The application of Christian principles to poli-tics would secure an equal voice, without regard to sex, in making laws which all must alike obey." The Illinois platform declares that, " We reverently recognize the supreme author ity of Almighty God. . . . We regard the Christian Sabbath as a boon so valuable to humanity, that the State cannot be true to its trusts which neglects to guard it from desecra-tion." The Reformed Presbyterian Church, which from the beginning has borne the National Reform party upon her sides and dandled it upon her knees, contributed to the work last  year " almost $7,000; " and at its late Synod, held at Rochester, New York, it recommended "that the sum of $10,000 be raised for the treasury of the National Reform Association, by the churches under the care of this Synod," the coming year. Besides all these distinct organizations, the churches, as such, almost all favor it; and the National Reformers are willing, if not anxious, to make advances even to the Catholic Church to gain her favorŠand they will get it. Now we say: With the general breaking up of par-ties, and the casting about for new issues upon which to catch the votes of the multitude, let this movement be agitated for but a very few years at most, and then brought to a vote upon some one leading question under which can be veiled the real issue, and we should like to see the one who can show what is to hinder the success of the National Reform movement, and in that the union of Church and State with all that that involves as the ultimate result. In view of these facts, which simply show the fast-growing power, and the wide-spread-ing influence of the National Reform move-ment, we submit to any candid mind whether the AMERICAN SENTINEL has not a mission, in its determined opposition to that movement. Do we not well to expose the fallacies, to lay bare the sophistries, and to uncover the insidious iniquity of this scheme of Church and State? Do we not well to call the attention of the American people to this menace to human liberty and human right? We know precisely what it is about which we are talking. We know exactly what we are doing. But we very much fear that the American people will not realize till it is too late, the danger that lies in the National Reform movement. "Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty," but Americans have forgotten it. May God help the people to awake and be vigilant. A. T. J. National Reform and the Jews. TEAT such persons as Jews, and others with ourselves, who do not believe the doctrine of Covenanters on the headship of Christ, would be eliminated from the enjoyment of civil com-munion, so far as actual citizenshipŠthe use of the elective franchiseŠholding office, etc., is concerned, by the insertion of the second amend-ment, is not only our inference, but that of Re-formers themselves. Hear what a Reformer said in a public speech at Zanesville, Ohio, Oct. 1, 1872. After recounting the conscientious difference between the Jew and himself in refer-ence to religion, especially relative to Christ, he says in regard to the Jew:Š " Well,. what have been the consequences of following the lead of such a conscience ?ŠThis Šthat God has said the Jew shall not be a na-tion longer; he shall not have power to make a civil government; he shall not constitute a ma-jority anywhere. He shall have no king but Csar. Now, then, if God will not allow the Jew to make civil governments, or to exist in a national capacity, and this, too, for his sin against the Author of Christianity, shall the Christians go to him to learn how to make a constitution, what to put in it, and what to leave out? As for the Jew, when our Christian Amendment is adopted, he can sit in his store, and buy and sell, and make himself rich.. He can enjoy all the comforts of domestic relations, 