60 AMERICAN SENTINEL. `The plan suggested in my letter to the Judson Memorial Baptist Church for a return to biblicalChristianity would much more readily meet an acceptance by Cubans, than to enforce upon them what they do not believe in, the "American Civil Sabbath." Lese Majesty and Lese Puritanism. "New York Journal." ARE you not filled with a noble scorn for the German nation, which without serious protest allows a man to be jailed for criticising the Kaiser? Don't you despise a country that tolerates such at-tacks on liberty? . . . Are you not outraged at such German submission? You are? All right. Then what do you suppose a sensible Ger-man thinks of a nation where a man is arrested for drink-ing a glass of beer on Sunday? What do you suppose the Frenchman thinks of a land that forbids a man with his family to sit and listen to good music and drink whenever he likes? Don't you think a Chinaman would lean back and laugh until his queue-tip touched the ground at sight of an American arrested for playing golf on one of the seven days? There are funny things in Germany, kind friends, and in Timbuctoo there are some odd sights. But we still hold the record here with our modern nonsense grafted on to the stupidity of the Puritans. AN exchange says: "The Roman Catholic priests at Ponce, Porto Rico, have issued a proclamation directing their people not to go near Protestants, nor to receive presents from them, and forbidding them to enter the houses of Protestants. The priests denounce as illegal marriages performed by others than themselves. Gen-eral Henry, the military commander of the island, has Ł notified the alcalde, or mayor, of Ponce, to inform the priests that they must stop issuing such disquieting proclamations, and that the denouncing of religious de-nominations will not be tolerated. The alcalde is fur-ther instructed to tell the priests that if the action com-plained of is persisted in, the military will put an end to it." THE United States should not undertake to govern the Eastern Hemisphere till it displays more proficiency in transacting the business already on its hands in the Western Hemisphere.ŠDr. Chas. H. Parkhurst. THE first man, Adam, never complained about the Sabbath or failed to observe it on the ground that it ,was not specified as being the seventh day of the week. Modern Samaritans. (Concluded.) HISTORY tells us that the name of this little village which formerly rejected our Saviour was En-Gannim, now called by the Arabs "Jenin," and containing a pop-ulation of about 2,000 souls, of whom the greater part are, today, Moslems. Since their rejection of Christ, they have drifted still farther and farther away from the true Light, until midnight darkness now surrounds them. In the days of Christ the inhabitants of this town were looking for the Messiah, just as were the Jews. The latter had rejected him because he did not appear in the glory and splendor that they had supposed he would as-sume: and the Samaritans would have none of him be-cause he did not worship in Mount Gerizim; so, on this his last recorded journey in this poor world which he came to redeem with the price of his blood, they too, re-fused to acknowledge him. But now, let us consider the conduct of the apostles James and John. To our astonishment we see that gen-tle, loving disciple, he who leaned upon the breast of his Master, and into whose care that Master shortly after-ward committed his beloved mother,Šwe see him, with his kindly eyes now burning with anger, and his soft voice harsh with rage, ask of his gentle Master whose name was "Love," a strange question:Š "Lord, wilt thou that we command fire to come down from heaven and consume them even as Elias did?" Why did they refer to Elijah?Š"O," they reason: "Elijah was a good man, surely we cannot go wrong if we follow his example. Let us in this one instance step aside from our usual methods and practice the gospel of force. Although ordinarily our Master is mild and gentle to-ward all, though his language has ever been that of love, still this is a notable exception. He is going now, as we believe, down to Jerusalem to be crowned, and to mani-fest his power. What an excellent opportunity is this for a beginning to be made! We are anxious to make an example of these ungodly Samaritans. Give us the liberty, Lord, bid us!" Trembling with excitement, and with hands raised high to heaven, awaiting the word of the Master, the impetuous disciples stood before the meek-faced man of Nazareth. What a moment! Little did those hard- 