642 AMERICA:1\T rule of guidance, then it rests with the majority to say what our rights are, or whether we have any at all. FOr if the individual is alone, he cannot' properly.set himself up above two or more others equal with himself. The doctrine of unalienable rights, which underlies -.the American system of government, rests thus upon the acknowledgment of the sovereignty of God as the Creator of all men. But it is, through the Constitution of the United States that this system of government was put into practical operation. And this being so, it is per-fectly plain that the Constitution cannot rightfully be called a "Godless" document. The doctrine of the unalienable right of mankind rests upon the acknowledgment of the sovereignty of God as the Creator. And it is the only doctrine in harmony with such an acknowledgment; all other doctrines virtually deny it. The American system of government is based upon that doctrine; and,Š The United States Constitution is the instrument through which this system is pUt. into operation. Therefore, the United States Constitution is the right constitution, and the only one, consistent with the real acknowledgment of the sovereignty of God in human af-fairs. Let that acknowledgment, and this Constitution, forever remain. Labor Unions and Religious Worship. SHOULD "union" worshipers attend a church built by "non-union" workmen? This is the questiOn recently addressed to Bishop Potter by the Hod-hoisting Engi-neers' Union, the question being called out by the fact that non-union men are employed in the building of the new -Protestant Episcopal cathedral in New York City. We have not yet learned the nature of the bishop's reply. Does this question imply that membership in the "union" has now attained a position of such overwhelm-ing importance in the life of the workingman that it overshadows even the question_of his relation to God? Is this more than can fairly be inferred from it? Just why the Union should refer this matter to Bishop Potter, instead of settling the question by its own deci-sion, is not Clear. Probably it was hoped that it might influence him to secure the dismissal of the non-union men, or their allegiance to the union. It, is not often that a labor union feels incompetent to decide upon the proper conduct of its members in any matter affecting its inter-ests. Is an attendant at church service from the working-men's ranks to be known as a "union" worshiper or a "non-union" worshiper?. and are the measures of the strike and lockout to be carried into the sphere of church relationship? Will the "union" members of the:Rev. Mr. A'S Congregation go on a "strike" as reg"ards' church services because "non-union" men are employed on the church of Rev. Mr. B ? or refuse to attend any church  built by "non4mion" men? Will the union undertake to say what its members shall do in the matter of church at-tend ance,Ł if it should regard 'such a measure as necessary to the protection of its interests? And if Bishop Potter replies to the question, will the union abide by his decision? This, at the best, would be to make a pope of Bishop Potter. To say the least, the question is plainly suggestive of a readiness on the part of labor unions to make them-selves the instruments of religious tyranny. 114  Religious Monopoly. Nom the least of the monopolies for the establishment of which determined efforts are being 'put forth at the present time, is one which is designed to cover the field of men's conduct in religion. Religious monopoly is not a new thingŠa creation of ' the nineteenth century. It is as old as the history of mankind. The first man to set one up was Cain, who'  killed his brother because he practiced a different religion from his own. A religious monopoly is the worst of all forms of monopoly, both because religion is of all the things the most essential to human welfare, and because such a monopoly not only seeks to drive all other religions out of the field, but to force everybody to take religion from it as well. It declares not only that nobody shall practice a religion contradictory to itself, but that everybody must, have religionŠof the kind which it suppliesŠwhether the individual wants it or not. The religion which is aiming at a monopoly to-day, in this and other "Christian" lands, has for its distin-guishing feature the observance of the first day of the week. It demands that all men, of whatever race or belief,. shall,incorporate this distinguishing feature into their conduct, thus becoming in a true sense its adherents. This monopoly has behind it a gigantic force of church workers and religious societies. It has already received the support of Congress, the courts, and the State legislatures. But there is one other religion in the field which will not yield to this monopoly; and that religion is Christi-anity. The distinguishing feature of Christianity is faith in the Word of God; hence, it is in contrast with the reli-gion of the monopoly, since the Ward of God does not command the observance of the first day of the week. A clash between the two religions is inevitable, for Christianity will not yield her ground or turn aside from her appointed course. All false religions can compromise upon some essential feature common to all; but Christi-anity cannot compromise with anything, A religious monopoly which was prophesied for the closing period of earthly history is described in the latter half of the thirteenth chapter of Revelation. There a,  