180 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL bored. on Sunday was true, but that they had in any proper sense of the word been guilty of a nuisance they felt was not true; hence their refusal to plead. More-over they felt that the very Scripture which bid them rest their cases in the hands of the Lord forbid them to close their own mouths by a plea of guilty; and that all they could do was to let the trial proceed in regular form, that at the proper time they might have opportunity to speak for themselves. As a matter of course there was in these trials no quibbling as to the admissability of evidence. Except for the restraints of the Court the Attorney General had all the liberty that he wished to take. Con-sequently some evidence was introduced which should have been excluded. This probably did not, however, affect the re-sult. In the four cases in which verdicts of guilty were rendered, Sunday work was clearly proved by the State and was not denied by the defendants; but, as before stated, not only was there no evidence to support the charge that the work consti-tuted a nuisance, but every witness testi-fied that he was not annoyed by it. This point was emphasized by J. H. Dortch, one of the defendants, when asked if he had anything to say before the judgment of the Court was pronounced. The result was that the Juc.ge said he wished time for consideration, and so final judgment was deferred for one week, and the de-fendants were instructed to be on hand at that time. An attorney present at the trials, but in no way concerned in them, expressed to the writer his opinion that the court would either impose a very light fine or else set aside the verdicts and give each of the defendants another trial. However that is only conjecture. The feeling in the court room and also among business men in Paris was very favorable to the defendants. The prose-cutions were denounced by some as reli-gious persecution, and an attorney was heard to remark : " If they would only in-dict men for not working instead of for working, they would be more in the line of duty." While each of the several defendants was speaking there was absolute silence in the court roon. The whole court seemed to feel ill at ease. The Judge and Attor-ney-General both seemed to be impressed by the simple, unvarnished, yet straight-forward pleas of the accused, who, while frankly acknowledging not only that they had worked on Sunday, but that such was their habit, asserted their God-given right to work six days after having observed the seventh day according to the letter of the fourth commandment. The judgment of the Court is awaited with interest. C. P. B. Springville, Tenn., June 1. What Attitude Ought the Church to Take Toward Politics? [Paper lately read by the Rev. J. H. Bruson, be-fore the Methodist ministers' Monday meeting, of La Crosse, Wis.] I PRESENT this line of thought because I believe that there is a special.danger at this day that men will lose faith in the gospel as the means of saving the world, at least from certain glaring sins, and look,  to politics to accomplish the results. The danger is that politics will be promoted to the first place, and the gospel, if used at  all, retired to a subordinate place. There can be no doubt that there is a tendency in these days to substitute political ma-chinery and lodges and societies, open and secret, for the services of the church. Civil and religious forces are not organ-ically related in. the -United States. Each pursues an independent course in its own sphere. The religious life having to do with spiritual things, has free course in all that pertains to the kingdom of heaven. The civil power, having to do with social affairs, controls in all the functions that belong to civil government. The Jamestown type of Colonies was planted largely under the conviction that the highest functions of the English Gov-ernment was to propagate the gospel. Matters went along in this way for a period, but after a while the time came for federation for purpose of protection from the warlike spirit of the Indians, the encroachment of the mother country, and for commercial advantages. Only one thing appeared possible in this federa-tion, and that was to give the social com-pact solidarity on a secular basis; and pre-serve simply the equilibrium of the reli-gious forces without formal action con-cerning them. It will be remembered also, that the Revolution accomplished for the Colonies more than independence : it gave freedom from the established forms of Europe, both political and religious. It produced a strong opposition to English methods and ways. In November after the Declar-ation in July, Maryland made a declara-tion of rights, with a purpose to dissolve all civil relation with the church. [Vir-ginia made her Declaration of Rights, with a like purpose, June 12,1776. ŠEDITOR SENTINEL] In December a dissolution was affected in Virginia. The same thing occurred soon after in the Carolinas. Forty years afterward the Congregational State Church of Connecticut was abol-ished. And, lastly, Massachusetts cut away the last excrescence of State sup-port of religion. In a journey of eight-een centuries, the course of religious his-tory has made a complete circle, and for the first time since the departure, we are in the apostolic succession. After more than a hundred years of successful history in our country, in which man's civil life has had its largest expres-sion, and his religious life its most glori-ous development, we are coming on the border days which may lead to perplexing complications. There are evidences of con-fusion in the multitude of issues before us. The relations between the religious life and the civil life are becoming so in-tricate and so vital that we fail to distin-guish between the purely political, and purely moral and spiritual phases of the same questions as they appear. At pres-ent there seems to be much clashing and strife. In a prosperous civilization, one of the first evidences of weakness in the social bond is the advocacy of short and easy methods for the cure of social evils. It is seen first in a slow giving away of that strength of character which has kept the moral truth in the foreground and brought a people to prosperity. In the youth time of a nation's life there is such a necessity that things become so; there is the mastery of the physical forces, sparse populations, lack of means of lux-ury and of opportunity of ease, all of which conditions are builders of ti e sterner elements of ° character. With a  new people, after the governmental forms have gone beyond the period of experi-ment, after they have become successful in material concerns, it is usual to find the second and third generations living under the fascinating temptation that the wrinkles and frowns have all been taken out of the face of Providence, and that moral issues can be faced and settled in some other way than the old prosy way of resistance of sin, man by man, and a daily life of self-denial, man by man. Among social agencies there is a suc-cess which is quickly gained, but it is not worth what it costs. Superficial means only reach superficial ends. Immediate outside results regardless of consequences, are not satisfactory. Deliverance from social ills through the machinery of the law rather than by growth of character, is an impatient haste. Civil and statutory regulation may fence about and lessen in some measure the opportunities and temptations, but the shutting off of these do not make men. We must have men before we can have desirable outside conditions. Men are not, made by outside statutes, but 1.-)y such social forces as in themselves build char-acter. Is there any record of a lecherous: man having been made chaste and virtu-. ous by statute laws forbidding adultery 'and kindred sins ? Human scciety may be protected by such laws, and there-. by a good accomplished; but no one ex-73ects to banish licentiousness in this way.. This vice can be cured only by something; that shall purify the very springs of life.. Here is a strange fact which each one,  may interpret to his own liking. The sins; that human legislation has most concerned itself with, are the sins that have been the. least thoroughly eradicated in the lives of professed Christians. We have stringent; laws touching licentiousness, Sabbath-. breaking, dishonesty, and drunkenness;; and now can we find four other sins, which the laws of the State have not tried to re-strict, that have become so prevalent, and( that have given the Church so much trouble ? It looks on the surface of things, as though human legislation was not help-ing Christianity very much in saving the world from these sins. Reform by statutory enactments hasp three fatal weaknesses which must not, be overlooked. 1. It attacks one sin at a time. But the' divine method seems to be to save man. from all his sins. 2. The statutory method of reforming, men is faulty in that it makes use of com-pulsion rather than persuasion. Can hu-man governments compel men to be vir-tuous when God does not think it wise to do so ? We have the highest authority for saying that "they that take the sword shall perish with the sword." It looks very much as though the violent methods sometimes employed by Christians in these days were awakening the wrath of the ungodly and uniting them in a solid pha-lanx against all moral reform. The Church has invoked political power, and the ballots of the unregenerate have, in many instances, buried politico-moral measures out of sight. 3. Moral reform by political legislation is only a continuation of the multiplied efforts that have been made in all ages to save men from sin by human instrumen-talities; but that such efforts, while praise-worthy, will come short of the mark, the history of the past compels us to believe. All heathen religions have vainly tried to 