AMERICAN SENTINEL. 183 The Church Property Qaestion in the Philippines. SO FAR as conquest confers a right of ownership, the United States now practically owns the Philippine Islands. The most valuable property in these islands is the church property, and the question of the disposal to be made of this property is one the Government has not yet decided, and which is causing much perplexity. On the one hand stands the Catholic Church reaching out her hands for the property, claiming it is rightfully hers, and on the other hand it seems clear that the property belOngs to the Government and cannot be turned over to the Catholic Church or any church without violating the principle which forbids church establishment. The situation is discussed in the San Francisco Argonaut, from which we quote:Š "Another embarrassing phase is the church prop-erty question Millions of dollars' worth of property in the islands is claimed by the Roman Catholic Church. But what is the Roman Catholic Church in the Philip-pines? Is it the papacy? Is it the friars or monastic orders? Is it the Filipino people organized into parishes? Do these people own their parish churches? Or does the Government? "Lew Wallace, Jr., in a recent article makes a strik-ing argument to prove that it is the GovernMent. He maintains that the Spanish crown obtained from the papal See grants to all regions west of the Azores; that the Spanish crown, in addition to conquest, thus ac-quired papal title to its colonies as well; that the Span-ish crown even nominated officials of the church; that the Spanish crown allowed them the use of certain lands for religious purposes, such as churches, monasteries, nunneries, burial-grounds, etc.; that the Roman Church did not acquire title in fee, but only in usufruct; that there are in existence no deeds granting any such fee; that the title to such property is therefore not vested in the Roman Catholic Church, its bishop or its mon-astic orders; that it remained in the Spanish crown; that the Spanish-American war, by conquest and by treaty, transferred all property of the Spanish crown to the United States; that therefore the church property in the sometime Spanish islands is now the public pro-perty of the United States. "Mr. Wallace's argument seems absolutely clear and uncontrovertible. It points with steadfast finger the path which the United States should follow. The Government is at present wavering, but any other course on the islands would result in a popular out-burst on the mainland. If the United States Govern-ment donates this, its public property, now used for church purposes, to the church of Rome, or that church's monastic orders, it would perform a possibly pious, but certainly imprudent act. The first amendment of the Constitution prohibits an establishment of religion. To give valuable public property to the Roman Church for its support and maintenance would certainly be an establishment of religion. Any such act by the Presi-dentŠwho now rules the islandsŠwould be unlawful. Any statute by Congress authorizing such act would be unconstitutional. . . "Mr. Wallace's argument seems to us incontro-vertible. The so-called church property in the Philip-pines has become the property of the United States. The best use to which the United States can put it would be to turn the monasteries and nunneries into public schools, and to utilize the revenues from the vast landed possessions to maintain these schools. Thus property once used for presumably beneficent ends will continue to be used in such directions, for nothing is more beneficent than the maintenance of public schools. If the property so long clutched by the Roman Catholic monastic orders in the Philippines should be devoted to educating the Filipinos in American public schools, it would surely prove that out of evil good may come." Coining Money From Blood. It seems strange that the people of any so-called Christian nation could find it in their heart to justify war on the basis that it is "one of the finest methods of national money-making it is possible to conceive of," yet this is what in effect we find in a leading English magazine; and the remark is made that during the past thirty years, the victorious nations in war have regarded their bank account with a considerable degree of complacency, and have come to agree with the re-mark which statesmen make, that "there are some things worse than war." Then the writer goes on to enumerate: Japan in her war with China, made a clear profit of £31,000,000; Germany in her struggle with France, over £200,000,000, and Russia's bill to Turkey for seven months' fighting was for £141,000,000, of which not a quarter of it was actual expense. Life, limb, blasted homes, ruined lives, widows and orphans, 'seem to count for nothing before the insatiable desire for riches.ŠLondon "Present Truth." WE note the following in The Examiner, a leading Baptist weekly of this city:Š "The Woman's National Sabbath Alliance held its monthly meeting on Monday, February 26, in the As-sembly Hall at 156 Fifth Avenue, New York. It was well attended and interesting. Reports from the secre-taries and the treasurer proved the organization to be wide-awake and prosperous. An extensive correspond-ence is being carried on, and the Sabbath literature is being widely distributed, bringing to the office many tributes to its high character and its usefulness. Re-ports from standing committees and auxiliaries show that good and aggressive work is being pushed against Sunday saloons and cigar stores and Sunday sports. Strong protests were made against the patronizing of Sunday caterers, fruit and flower stores, and against Sunday social functions. There seems to be encourag-ing evidence that the leaven is working, and that there are less dinner parties and teas on the Sabbath than a year ago." 