318 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. HYGIENIC HELPS For the Housewife. The books described below were prepared to assist those who wish to live in harmony with scientific health reform principles. They were written by practical housewives, and every recipe has been carefully tested. A FRIEND IN THE KITCHEN. We have no apology to offer in bringing to the attention of our readers a cook book discarding an article of diet which is every-where known to contain disease-producing germs, often of a most virulent type. While "A Friend in the Kitchen" contains no flesh food recipes, it does contain an abundance of that which is most palatable and whole-some, and it also tells how the foods may be prepared in the best possible way. Its 400 recipes are interspersed with short talks on foods and food combinations and other items of practical value and importance to every housewife, as well as to those who wish to study the sub-ject of diet for their own benefit. Remember It contains about 400 carefully tested recipes. The binding is a new preparation resembling leather, Is almost as durable, and may be washed the same as oil cloth. PRICE, 60 cents postpaid. NATURAL FOOD OF MAN. This new book does not contain untried recipes, for a first edi-tion of the book was gotten out by the author about a year ago. It met with such a favorable reception that we have now arranged to issue this revised and enlarged edition. Part I.ŠMAN'S PRIMITIVE DIET, By Milton 0. 'Wilcox. Part II.ŠHOW TO PREPARE IT. By Mrs. Mora Leadsworth. Part III.ŠFOOD FOR THE SICK. By J. B. Leadsworth. IL D. The recipes discard meat, eggs, milk, and all animal pro-ducts, and furnish a variety of palatable substitute dishes containing the necessary food elements to properly nourish the body. Heavy illuminated paper covers, - - price 25c. For either of the above books, address any of our agencies, or our nearest House. Wha  Religious t is  Liberty? `Y*15-05-i THE importance of a correct understanding I of this question, and the principles govern-ing the true relation and attitude of the church and state can not be overestimated. Jefferson says, " The spirit of these times may alter, will alter," and it must be apparent to all that religious legislation is rapidly gain-ing favor in the public mind, and is embed-ding itself in the fundamental law of the land in defiance of the Constitution and all Ameri-can Institutions. The Religious Liberty Library Nos. 1 to 26 will answer the many questions arising in your mind on the subject of church and state. They are substantially bound in cloth, in three volumes; price for the set, $1.25, postpaid. Address THE REVIEW AND HERALD PUBLISHING CO., Battle Creek, Mich. THE LEGAL SUNDAY By the late JAMES T. RINGGOLD of the Baltimore Bar This is one of the most faithful and interesting histories of the American Sabbath ever written. 256 pages. Enameled covers. Price 25 cents. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York City. Oakland. Cal. Kansas City, Mo. International Religious Liberty Ault. 324 Dearborn Street, Ł ebicaao, 