68 AMERICAN SENTINEL. and the comments which come from that quarter, while not of a nature to foster American pride, are worthy of notice. The London Daily News, of January 26, has the following:Š "In America society is very old, reckoning its age by its ideas, and there is nothing more characteristic in so-ciety of that kind than the defiant animation with which the people dance when anybody ventures to whisper that they are on the edge of a volcano. Mr. Bradley-Martin and his guests have no belief in a volcano, and they are making every preparation for a good time. "Our own younger and altogether more modern com-munity would be disturbed by such discussion, and would probably tone down the frolic and redouble its attentions to the East End." The same paper notes further thatŠ "There is a certain suggestiveness in some of the cos-tumes for which arrangements have already been made. There is to be an abundance of Louis XVI. and Marie Antoinette. Louis the well-beloved will not be forgot-ten, and it is quite conceivable that some cynic may choose to represent the monarch whose private party for the encouragement of trade was so rudely disturbed by the handwriting on the wall." Europe has had centuries of experience in dealing with the problems which arise from abnormal social conditions, and her thinking men are qualified to speak understandingly upon such subjects. It is quite possible that a clearer view of the dangers which threaten this Republic from class antagonism is to be found on the other side of the Atlantic than is commanded by the vast majority of those directly concerned. It is a fact that fancied security often hovers on the brink of the precipice; and finite humanity, when blinded by selfish indulgences and selfish hopes, has often danced above a volcano. We do not allude to these things to excite alarm, but because it is better to know the truth, even - though it cause alarm, than to borrow ease from ignorance. It is best to be alarmed, if need be, whilethere is time to profit by the experience. It is truth that we want, first and always. When such things happen in a government " of the people, by the people, and for the people," it is much worse than would be the case under a monarchy. The revolution which they breed will be against republican government, and only despotism in some form can be the result. Ł  THE trouble with all such methods of reform as that adopted by the "Christian Citizenship" and kindred or-ganizations for the regeneration of society, is that they do not go deep enough. They stop when they reach the Church; but alas! the Church herself needs to be reformed as much as anything else. Reform must start with the individual; it must proceed with individuals. Reform "en masse" or by organization, is a delusion. The Church,  is an organization; but her purity and righteousness are those of individuals in her communion. There are some in every church, and a large number in most churches,  whose piety is but a pretense. They are a part of the or-ganization, but are not made righteous by that fact. The Church herself cannot be pure while any of her mem-bers are unrighteous. A moral reform which is to prove effectual must pierce through every organization and get at the individual. It must reach the individuals in the Church as well as those outside of it. The Christian Citizenship kind of reform does not purpose to go within the portals of the Church. Hence as a moral reform it must prove a failure. It can only drive people to seek refuge within the Church; where as long as they can keep up a pretense of piety, they will be safe. Thus this "reform" will not only fail to benefit the State, but will fill the Church with the unconverted; and that must work the ruin of the Church. There is no safety in stopping short of individ-ual reform, which is heart reform, and to be accomplished only by the power of divine grace. This is the kind of reform that is most sadly needed to-day. But the professed ministers of that grace seem to be fast going into the business of trying to re-form men by civil law. They are thus doing more than any other class of persons to lower the moral tone of society. Ł P- AlŁ -4 The Treaty of Arbitration. THE treaty of arbitration between this nation and Great Britain, which is now awaiting the ratification of the United States Senate, is hailed by multitudes as a sure omen of an approaching era of widespread if not universal peace. The Rev. Heber Newton, in a recent sermon, went so far as to say that it was a fulfillment of the prophecy of Isaiah which points, as it is said, to a time when men's swords shall be beaten into plowshares, and the nations learn war no more. Isa. 2:2-5. We make mention of this to call attention to the fact that there is only one sure guarantee of peace, whether between nations or individuals; and that is the absence of those propensities of the heart from which contention arises. When peace reigns in the hearts of individuals, there will be peace without; and when peace does not reign in the heart, there cannot long be peace in the out-ward life. A treaty of peace is very good; but nations have a habit of disregarding treaties when their interests seem to demand it, so that not the treaty, but the selfish in-terests of the parties concerned, really control the situa-tion. The Behring Sea award did little or nothing to settle the question of the seal fisheries which it concerned. Treaties are susceptible of being interpreted; and when the interests of two nations come into conflict touching some point of the treaty, it is never difficult for them to come to a misunderstanding upon that point. About one year ago there was a remarkable outburst of "patriotism" in all parts of this country in view of the prospect of war with this same nation of Great Britain. 