rUBLISHED MONTHLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING HOUSE, OAKLAND, CAL. E. J. WAGGONER, ALONZO T. JONES, J. H. WAGGONER, CORRESPONDING EDITOR. EDITORS. "Corrupted freemen are the worst of slaves." VOLUME 3. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, MARCH, 1888. NUMBER 3. '712e otharFica2 Selthrl. Entered at the Post-ojice in Oakland. Fr is the glory of our country that we have no church establishment, and that ecclesias-tical differences are not settled by State enact-ment. Each sect here is allowed to stand upon an equal footing under the law ; to en-joy equal privileges before the people; and to prove by its merits its adaptation to popu-lar needs. In the end, that one will be ac-cepted by the largest number which shall prove itself most useful. This, and this alone, is religious liberty.ŠSelected. THE church is not a substitute for the family, nor for civil society, nor for the State. 'It cannot realize to fullness its divine mission except through and by means of these institu-tions organized in perfect freedom and self-control. If these institutions are organized on - the basis of another religionŠa heathen re-ligionŠas, say, the family system of Utah, or the civil society of Hindostan, with its system of castes, or, finally, the despotic state of the 'Turkish EmpireŠthus organized, Christianity antagonizes them and tends to remove them. But if by any mistake the church attempts to exercise the functions of the State, and secure the adoption of its dogmas by the aid of the sword, then it fails in its mission and does not extend pure religion, but only its counter-feit.Š W. 7. Harris. LovEas of our American institutions must learn to vote independently on matters that pertain to public schools. Parties as such cannot be trusted. Says an evening paper: " In Massachusetts they tried to raise an issue against the Roman Catholics on the school question, and yet the Republican speaker of the last House, who is to be re-elected, living in a district where there is a large Catholic vote, based his appeal to the voters on his having aided in obtaining State subsidies for a Catholic institution, and obtained hundreds of votes in this way. Moreover, Governor Ames somewhat ostentatiously made a large gift to a Catholic college a few months ago, and since the election he ridicules the idea that the pub-lic-school issue had any effect upon the result." ŠNew York Observer. The Elgin Sunday-Law Convention. THE Elgin Sunday-law Convention was held the eighth day of last November in the Bap- tist Church, Elgin, Illinois. It was "called by the members of the Elgin Association of Congregational Ministers and Churches, to con- sider the prevalent desecration of the Sabbath, and its remedy." The leading preachers pres-ent were, W. L. Ferris, of Dundee; J. M. Clen- dening, A. H. Ball, Wm. Craven, II. 0. Row-lands, and Geo. A. Milton, of Elgin ; John Mitchell, of Sycamore; Henry -Wilson, of Car- penterville; W. W. Everts, Dr. Mandeville, 5: I. Curtis,' and C. K. Colver, of Chicago ; Staunton, of Rockford; Harbaugh, of Genoa Junction; Lea, of Woodstock; Stewart, of Savannah; Helms, of Forrest; Chittenden, of Wheaton; Swartz, of Leaf River; and Harris, of Byron. Besides these there were Presi-dent Blanchard, President Stratton, and Pro- fessor Fisher, of Wheaton; Professor Whit-ney, of Beloit; State's Attorney Cooper, of Du Page County; Hon. T. E. Hill, ex-Mayor of Aurora; and Frank W. Smith, the Evangel-ist and Andersonville lecturer. The Convention passed the following resolu-tions:Š " Resolved, That we recognize the Sabbath as an institution of God, revealed in nature and the Bible, and of perpetual obligation on all men; and also as a civil and American insti-tution, bound up in vital and historical con-nection with the origin and foundation of our Government, the growth of our polity, and nec-essary to be maintained in order for the pres-ervation and integrity of our national system, and therefore as having a sacred claim on all patriotic American citizens. "Resolved, That we look with shame and sorrow on the non-observance of the Sabbath by many Christian people, in that the custom prevails with them of purchasing Sabbath newspapers, engaging in and patronizing Sab-bath business and travel, and in many in-stances giving themselves to pleasure and self-indulgence, setting aside by neglect and indifference the great duties and privileges which God's day brings them. "2. That we give our votes and support to those candidates or political officers who will pledge themselves to vote for the enactment and enforcing of statutes in favor of the civil Sabbath. "3. That we give our patronage to such business men, manufacturers, and laborers as observe the Sabbath. "4. That we favor a permanent Sabbath or-ganization for the State of Illinois ; the ob-ject of which shall be the creation of public sentiment and to secure the enactment and enforcement of necessary laws for the protec-tion of the Sabbath. "5. That we favor the organization of aux-iliary societies to accomplish the above object. " 6. That four committees be appointed by this convention, consisting of two persons each, a minister and a layman; one committee to carefully and accurately investigate and re-port to the next convention all the facts ob-tainable concerning Sunday business; one to investigate and report similarly concerning Sunday newspapers; one concerning Sunday pleasuring; one concerning Sunday transpor-tation and travel. "Resolved, That this association authorizes the Executive Committee to request railway corporations and newspapers to discontinue the running of Sunday trains and the publi-cation of Sunday editions of their papers:" Notice, the Sabbath is here set forth as an institution of God, and also as a "civil institu-tion." It is for " candidates or political of-ficers who will pledge themselves to vote for the enactment and enforcing of statutes in favor of the civil Sabbath," that they will vote. Now we shall present some, of the argu-ments upon which they base this demand for laws in favor of the "civil Sabbath ; " and also showing what they want these laws en-forced for. Rev. Henry Wilson said :Š " The industries of the world should be si-lent one day in seven, that the toiler may hear the invitation of the Master, `Come unto me, all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest,' and that the spiritual tem-ple of God may be built without the noise of the hammer." Exactly. The 'State must compel every-body to keep Sunday "that the toiler may hear the invitation of the Master" and "that the spiritual temple of God may be built." And then they will call that a civil statute! If such a statute as that would be a civil one, then what would be required to make a relig-ious statute? But suppose the toiler should then refuse to go to hear that invitation ; what then? Will the State compel him to go? If not, why not? The State compels him to keep Sunday that he may hear the in-vitation; now is the State to allow its good offices to be set at naught, and its purposes frustrated by the toiler's refusing to hear the invitation? And the church having gained the recognition of the State to that extent is she going to stop short of her ()Meet? Other quotations will answer these questions. Dr. W. W. Everts, of Chicago, said:Š "This day is set apart for divine worship and preparation for another life. It is the test of all religion. The people who do not keep the Sabbath have no religion." Is it then the province of the State to pass 