AMERICAN SENTINEL. 117 nature of the mistake. Many who accept the explana-tion given of its origin do not see clearly why they should be compelled to forsake the seventh day Sab-bath, which they all believe to be in harmony with the Scriptures, and take up with the first-day rest as a sub-stitute. Nor does the writer see, except to fulfill the prophecy of Jesus Christ through John the Revelator, when he said by the Spirit of God, "And all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him whose names are not written in the Book of Life." Rev. 13:8. There is a great deal of discontent among the na-tives. Some are clear on the subject, while others look upon the change with a sort of superstitious dread, fearing some plague from the Almighty as a judgment upon the land for attempting to change his laws. Some see clearly that the Sabbath is a holy day, made so by the presence of the Saviour in the person of his Spirit, without which nothing can be holy,Šfor he alone can hallow, and he makes holy by his presence. They see, therefore, that in forsaking the Sabbath for an institu-tion of human origin, they are forsaking the Saviour who dwells in the Sabbath to sanctify his obedient chil-dren with a double blessing. Others see not the spirit-ual, but only the legal aspect of the change; but all, without exception, so far as I have observed, are op-posed to the change. Even Makea Ariki, who, as head of the government, signed the bill, is said to weep and lament on account of the evil to which she consented, being carried away for the time by political and ecclesi-astical advisers. Another of the Arikis of the island, Pa by name,told me that he clearly pointed out to his peers when offi-cially assembled,that the Sabbath belongs especially to God, and that the government should have nothing whatever to do with the proposed change. There are rumors that the native authorities will close their houses-of worship to first day worship if the present purpose to enforce the new laws is executed. I shall be both sorry and surprised if this is done, yet, doubtless, some may be alienated from their sympathy with those who have projected the change. . . . On May 19, 1899, the agents of the L. M. S. for Cook Islands held a meeting at Tereora, in which they decided to recommend a change in counting the days of the week. Here is their argument to the natives, as given in "Te Karere," the L. M. Society's organ for the group. The statement is first made that those passing in ships from one group to another have great trouble on coming to Cook Islands. What the nature of the trouble is, we are not informed. The only regular vessel we have doing business in this group is the U. S. S. Co.'s steamer which comes from Auckland once a month. On crossing the day-line, the steamer simply ignores it, as did the early missionaries, and keeps the regularly suc-ceeding first day, treating these islands as if they were on the west side of the line. Thus their rest day coin- cides with ours, which is the real seventh day. There is not any great trouble in this. Then the argument pro-ceeds thus:Š "Behold, let none be deceived (thinking) that we sin against God. This is not a sacred custom (Sabbath keeping), it is only a custom of the country. If we fol-low this new thing we shall not sin therein, and if we hold fast the ancient custom, we shall not therein be sinning. The Roman Catholics say we are sinning now in observing the seventh day, and if we change the day, that will be according to the mind of God. Lying words are these. The Seventh-day Adventists say we are right now, and if we change the day, in the mind of God that will be sin. These are also lying words. "It will be right for us to change the day, right to hold fast the ancient observance. God will not make us trouble on account of this thing. One thing God has commanded us, namely, that we sanctify the seventh day as Sabbath no more. We now observe the Sab-bath. If we change the day, we shall then still observe the Sabbath. The decision lies with the rulers of the country; but we, your missionary society, think it will be a good thing if the counting of the day is changed." Raratonga, Nov. 6, 1899. A Protest Against State Chaplains. BY A BAPTIST CLERGYMAN OF RICHMOND, VA. From Sermon by Rev. Dr. Hawthorne, in Grove Ave. Baptist Church, Richmond, Va., December, 1899; reported in the Richmond "Evening Leader." "CAN the State of Virginia commission a man to preach the gospel to its convicts without violating the fundamental principle of religious liberty?" Dr. Hawthorne preached on this subject yesterday morning in the Grove Avenue Baptist church to a vast audience. Among those who attended the service were Governor Tyler and a great many members of the legis-lature. Dr. Hawthorne took for his text the words of Christ to Pilate: `My kingdom is not of this world.' John 18:36. He said in part: "I deeply regret the circumstances which have con-strained me to devote this hour to the discussion of the great question of religious liberty. A few weeks ago five ministers of the gospel, residing in this city, sent to the Governor of our State a communication, recommending the appointment of a chaplain to the penitentiary. For these ministers I cherish the highest regard. No one who knows them would question their ability or their fealty to the cause of Christ. Men more worthy of con-fidence and honor cannot be found in the Com monwealth. "In response to the request of these Christian minis-ters, the governor of the State put into his recent mes-sage to the legislature a clause recommending the appointment of a chaplain for the State's convicts and an appropriation for his salary. Virginia has never had a chief magistrate more worthy of the esteem and affec-tion of her people than the man who now occupies that exalted position. I would gladly help to elect him to. any office within the gift of the Virginia people. 