TT-1E AMERICAN SEN`I'INEI, 29 would seem like a bit of foolishness for a lot of people who are already Christians to get together and pass a law forbidding any one of them to erect a heathen temple, we would have no objection to their amusing themselves in that way if they wanted to. And right here we will say that if the National Reform-ers will wait until the people of the United States are all Christians, not in name simply, but in fact, before they press their measures, we will join =with them. But even in that case we would not admit that they would ,have any right to say what should, be done by those who might not be Christians, or, to prohibit anybody from giving up his Christianity, and adopting any other form of worship. In the case supposed, the people of the country would form one large church, and might, just as any church now may, pass laws 'regulating their conduct as church-mem-bers; and whenever anyone did not wish to abide by those laws, he would simply lose his church membership, but not his citizen-ship. Anything intended to affect those not Christians, and not church-members, would be religious legislation, and would unite Church and State. The facts, in short, are these: Any organization has a right to make laws regulating the actions of members of that society, so long as they remain members, and no longer. The Odd Fellows have rules for their order, which must be observed by every-one who wishes to retain his membership in that order. But if the State should pass a law requiring every citizen to observe those rules, then we would say that Odd Fellow-ship and State were united. So also with the church. 3. "If all the people of the United States were Christians, . . . they would do right in passing a law . . . that no one . . . should be permitted to erect a pagan temple, and set up and worship idols therein." This statement is a virtual admission that they would not do right in passing such a law, if all were not Christians. And that is exactly the case. Nobody has a right to say what, or how, or when, anybody else shall worship. To say that if all the people of the United States.  were Christians, they would do right in passing a law that not even a pagan should erect a heathen temple, is simply nonsense ; for if there were a single pagan here the peo-ple would not all be Christians. But we af-firm that if all the People of the United States were Christians, with only one excep-tion, they would not have the slightest right to say what that one should or should not worship. Here, as before, we wish to emphasize 'the fact that if all were Christians, they would have a right to pass laws against idolatry, which should affect themselves as Christians, and none others. But' they would have no right to say that nobody should come to this country, unless he believed just as they did. Here again is shown the inconsistency of Na-tional Reformers. They raise a- great hue and cry against the injustice of limiting Chi-neselmnaigration, yet they hold to views that would not only exclude the .grea,ter portion of  foreign immigration, but would expatriate many who are loyal citizens. This is bigotry of the worse kind. It virtually says, "Every thing that we d o is right, no matter how wrong it may be in others." We affirm the absolute right of every man to live wherever he pleases on this earth, and to believe what he pleases. But many who would assent to this, might hesitate to say that the Government has no right to prohibit blasphemy. The third com-mandment is the touch-stone. If civil gov-ernments have a right to enforce the moral law, then they must prohibit blasphemy; if they have the right and power to prohibit blasphemy, then they have the right and the power to legislate on any other matters of morality and religion. In short, the whole matter of the right of the State to legislate on matters of religion, must stand or fall with the right to legislate against blasphemy. We think the following- propositions will demon-strate that the State has no right to inflict any penalty, for violation of the third command-ment. 1. If a man has a right, so far as men and human governments are concerned, to wor-ship God according to the dictates of his own conscience, he has an equal right not to wor-ship him at all. That religion is to be a mat-ter of free choice with every individual, is evident from the gospel call, "Whosoever will, let him take of the water of life freely." If whosoever will, may come, then whosoever will not, may stay away. Man's free agency is everywhere recognized in the Bible. To be sure, certain penalties are announced as sure to be visited upon those who do not accept the gospel; but these penalties are visited, not for refusal to accept the gospel, but for the sins which they have committed, from which they would have been freed by accept-ing the gospel, but which, since they do not come to Christ, remain upon them. The truth is, that every man is just as free to re-ject the gospel as he is to accept it. So far as men are concerned, he has as much right to believe nothing as he has to believe in God and the Bible. 2. If no man has a right to compel another to worship God, then men have no right to compel such an one to show reverence for God; for reverence is worship. The man who reverences God, worships him; and the man who does not reverence and worship God, violates the third commandment, even though he does not openly blaspheme. 3. If it be claimed that refraining from tak-ing God's name in vain is not an act of wor-ship, and does not indicate reverence for him, then the same thing must be true with ref-erence to heathen gods. And then if the heathen were in a majority in this country, or if we were in a heathen- country, they would have a right to compel us to refrain from speaking against their gods. For, 4. Blasphemy is not simply the use of pro-fane oaths, but speaking against God. Last year a man was convicted of blasphemy, in -New Jersey, yet there was no evidence that he had sworn. The only thing for which he was convicted, was for speaking most disre-spectfully of God, the Bible, and religion. When our missionaries go to foreign lands, they blaspheme the gods of the heathen. Paul was at Ephesus)  he declared that "they be no gods which are made with hands." Now if the National Reform idea that the majority ought to rule in, matters of religion, be true, then Paul ought not to have said any-thing against those heathen gods. 5. The ten commandments comprise the sum of all morality. The perfect keeping of them is perfect religion. To conscientiously and truly refrain from taking God's name in vain; that is, to reverence the name of God, is an act of religion. Therefore, if obedience to the third commandment may be enforced by the State, then the State may enforce re-ligion upon all. The germ of all religious legislation lies in the enactment of laws against blasphemy. But it may be said that our God is the true God, and that the Christian religion is the true religion, and that therefore people ought to worship our God, and adhere to our relig-ion; that the gods of the heathen are no gods at all, and that we alone have a right to en-force laws concerning religion. Then we set ourselves up as the only ones who have the right of choice in matters of religion. And then the question might well be asked by the heathen, Who gave you a right to choose your religion and ours too ? Have we not equal rights with you? Let our National Reform friends turn their whole attention to making men Christians, in accordance with gospel methods. When they have done that, so that this is in fact a Christian Nation, and all the people without exception, are Christians, and of one mind, then it will be time enough to talk about making laws prescribing the forms of religion. E. J. W. N Ł S. Mr. Gault Speaks. IN the SENTINEL of December, 1887, in an- swer to the CHRISTIAN STATESMAN'S inquiry, we wrote this :Š "The SENTINEL espouses the Christian theory of government; the theory enunciated by Christ, that men shall render to Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things which are God's; the theory that so far as man or civil government is concerned, the heathen, or the infidel, or the atheist, haEvjust as much right to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness, as the Christian has." With this Mr. M. A. Gault makes his voice to clash after this sort:Š "There are two difficulties about the SENTI-NEL'S theory of government, one is its read-ers don't understand it, and the other is it don't understand itself. If it would only reason a moment it might discover that in our Govern-ment Caesar represents the people, and among the things we must render to Caesar is one day's rest in seven, and the security of the family relation, the security of life, libehy and property." _ The great trouble with Mr. Gault is that he measures other people's understanding by his own; and because he doesn't understand a thing, he at once decides that nobody else 