248 gIEN-W1 N.h.11L40 VoL. 10, No. 31. NEW YORK, AUGUST 1, 1895. rff2* ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. NO PAPER NEXT WEEK. THE employds of this office will take their usual mid-summer vacation next week, hence No. 32 of the AMERICAN SENTINEL will bear date of August 15, instead of August 8. Fifty numbers constitute a volume of the SENTINEL. READ the letter on the preceding page headed, "Another Noble Baptist." WE hope our readers will promptly avail themselves of our special offers which appear on page 247. J. .Q. ALLISON, of Austell, Ga., who, re-cently, so narrowly escaped the terrible sen-tence of twelve months in the chain-gang for plowing on Sunday, is again threatened with arrest. WE are informed that the Sunday-closing crusade has reached Plainfield, N. J., the home of our esteemed Seventh-day Baptist contemporary, the Evangel and Sabbath Out-look. If the movement really becomes serious, the Outlook will undoubtedly make matters interesting for the enemy. SUNDAY, July 21, a Seventh-day Adventist carpenter was arrested in Chicago for working on Sunday. The case was heard on the 26th, at which time a nonsuit was entered, the police captain stating that they were after criminals, not honest workingmen. Chicago is not in either Tennessee, Maryland, or Georgia. LET no reader of the AMERICAN SENTINEL forget that, during these hot summer days, honest, conscientious men, affectionate hus-bands, kind fathers, good neighbors, upright citizens, are driven in the chain-gang in Rhea County, Tenn., for no other offense than do-ing honest labor upon the first day of the week, after having "rested the Sabbath day according to the commandment." THE enormity of the wrong done to the Tennessee Adventists now in the chain-gang for conscience' sake, is but feebly realized. They have wronged no one, yet they are de-prived of liberty, are treated as enemies of society, are herded with criminals, are re-quired to work as slaves, are subjected to con-ditions prejudicial to health, are compelled to neglect their families, and all this for abso-lutely no civil offense. SABBATH, July 20, R. R. Whaley, a Sev-enth-day Adventist, of Church Hill, 'Md., was arrested on a justice's warrant, charging him with hoeing in his garden on the previous  Sunday, July 14. He was tried on the 24th ult. and found guilty. The case was appealed. This is the third time that Mr. Whaley has been arrested for Sunday work. He is sys-tematically watched by certain of his neigh-bors, who are determined to-  drive him from the community or, compel him to keep Sunday. THE New York Sun, of July 21, 'contained an article, a column and a quarter long, giving an account of the trial, conviction and pun-ishment of Seventh-day Adventists in Ten-nessee, for doing common labor on Sunday. The article, aside from a few unimportant errors of fact, is a faithful presentation of the patient struggles of a few unoffending Chris-tian men, for religious liberty, against the statute-entrenched creed of the majority. WE know that the friends of the SENTINEL will be rejoiced to learn that our special issue of July 18, is meeting remarkable success, One hundred thousand copies have been printed, and orders are still coming in at the rate of ten thousand a day. We take occa-sion here to express our hearty appreciation of the loyalty manifested by our friends. Not only are our patrons manifesting a lively in-terest in this special number, but they have interested themselves in securing regular sub-scribers, and our list is steadily on the in-crease. THE MOST DANGEROUS DECISION SINCE THE DAYS OF HILDEBRAND. DES MOINES COLLEGE, AFFILIATED WITH THE UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO, Ł H. L. STETSON, PRES. . Des Moines, Iowa, July -2, 1895. REV. A. H. LEWIS, D. D., Plainfield, N. J. Dear Brother : While I do not believe in the religious observance of the seventh day as Lord's day or the Sabbath, I desire to enter my hearty protest against the legal prosecution of those who hold and practice the opposite belief. The principle' which has been an-nounced by the courts which has condemned these men is one of the most dangerous to re-ligious liberty that has ever been enunciated since the time of Hildebrand. If this is good law, then the fight for religious freedom is before us, and we shall have stern work on our hands. Ł A WRITER in the Cincinnati Tribune of July 20, closes a vigorous protest against Ten-nessee's treatment of Seventh-day Adventists thus: " What a bitter feeling must be in the hearts of these people who feel this great in-justice. Will they leave prison-  consecrated Christians or anarchists ?" The writer reckons with the natural heart only. The Adventists are Christians and consequently entertain no bitter feelings toward their per-secutors. Their Master loved his enemies; so  do they. Mr. Terry, whose defense is printed in this issue, said to a crowded court room: "I am so glad that I love the men who have had me indicted." The men will come out of the chain-gang " consecrated Christians " not "anarchists." They will come out as they went in, good citizens. They will obey the laws of TennesseeŠnot in conflict with the law of GodŠjust as faithfully as beforeŠnot from constraint, but for conscience' sake. The same conscientiousness that led them to violate a God-defying statute, will lead them to obey all laws not in conflict with their duty to God. THE authorities of Rhea County, Tenn., have not endeavored, by the means commonly employed in such cases, to force the persecuted Adventists, whom they are robbing of their time, to work on the Sabbath, but they have threatened them with a longer term of im-prisonment. They have told them that if they did not work Saturday their time would not count on that day. And it has been fur-ther intimated that they will be required to pay for their board on that day, by serving an additional length of time. If anything were needed to show conclusively and plainly that the County Court of Rhea County is in sym-pathy with the persecution, it would be sup-plied by these facts. Section 15, Article 11, of the Constitution of Tennessee, provides that " no person shall, in time of peace, be required to perform any service to the public on any day set apart by his religion as a day of rest." This constitu-tional guarantee is most palpably violated by the authorities of Rhea County by their threat to increase the term of imprisonment of the persecuted men, unless they work on the day set apart by their religion as a day of rest. If this additional iniquity shall be attempted, the man whose term first expires could secure a writ of habeas corpus and demand his re-lease of Judge Parks, who, we are sure, would promptly discharge the petitioner. The authorities of Rhea County are robbing these men of their time and depriving them of their liberty under color of law. It should be seen to that they proceed no farther than that color extends. As they have invoked the so-called Sunday law of Tennessee, they should be' required to respect the undisputed provisions of the fundamental law of that State. We do not believe, however, that Sheriff Darwin will become a party to any such violation of the constitution. We believe him to be a man of better principle; but even if he were not, he would realize that such an act might be fraught with serious financial consequences to himself and his bondsmen. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City Very truly, H. L. STETSON. 