164 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "turned out so different froth what boyhood had prom-ised." Boys were as sweet as girls up to a certain age; then, as a rule, they naturally(?) became rough, and later on barely escaped brutality. The mother could not forget her love for her boy, an& by that love was crucified in almost every son she bore. An incident of ,a genera. tion ago will make my meaning plain. The young mother of an eighteen months old boy had in her home a vener-able guest. One morning as she was in a frolic with him on the carpet, looking up into the face of the elder woman expecting to find in it a reflection of her own delight in the child, she found sadness, almost bitterness instead. She could not understand; and smiled a questioning smile out of her ignorant happiness, which brought from the trembling, aged lips a sigh which took form in words: "0 take all the comfort you can with your boy now while you can." "Certainly," came the wondering reply. "I expect to do that; but why do you speak to me in that doleful 'strain? Why imply that there will ever be a time that I will not take comfort in my boy?" "0 but he is growing up to be a man." "I certainly hope so," replied the young mother al-most defiantly. "I expect he will grow up to be a man:Šbut why should that not make me glad; what makes you so grave about it; why do you talk to me like that?" "0 you dear innocent; you do not know:Šbut there are things out in the great world that spoil boys for their mothers." How could that young mother with her beautiful boy in her arms understand this sorrowful wisdom? Com-prehension had to come through revelation, by an al-together unexpected means. The shell of the world that had shut mothers in to a secluded sacred inner chamber alone with love, with God and his Word, had to be broken before they could see and understand, and be fully equipped for their legitimate home-work. It was the shock of the civil war, that broke down the walls and thrust woman out into the world; and opened it to her view just as it was; unable to even at-tempt to cover up its evils from the eyes that it had been supposed could not look upon them and remain pure. When we found ourselves a nation of widows, fatherless children, and invalid soldiers; and woman was obliged, all inexperienced as she was, to become the bread-winner; meeting the conditions of the business world just as man had created them for himself alone; she found how far the race had gone astray from the principles to which she had anchored her faith, and which she had taught the child, only, as she now saw, to have them repudiated by the man. She found that truth was blasphemed by every condition of society, business, and 'government; and that,  it was not held as very sacred, even in the work-a-day-world part of the church. Then she discovered the mysteries of the sorrows of aged womanhood;Šthe saloon, and the house of sin, those traps for body and soul, those holes of the pit, that "Wicked sitting in the lurking places of the villages to  murder the innocent, to catch the poor; that doth catch the poor when he draweth him into his net." Ps. 10. The women who had been personally wounded by this enemy of all purity, the wives and mothers of drunkards, were by their sorrows rendered unequal to a war against the evil. Many of them had lost all hope and,faith-; had ceased to believe in God. Their agonies, however, ap-pealed to heaven for them, and God by his Spirit, laid their burdens upon the hearts of those who as yet did not know vice as a personal enemy. Women whose homes were secure should certainly be able to respond bravely to such a call as that mysterious voice had sounded in the soul of womanhood. And so the uprising of the crusade became the most remarkable manifestation of Christlike love and care for others woes which the world has ever witnessed. God Before Country. The "Independent" (N. Y.), March 10. A REPRESENTATIVE Catholic paper, published in Chi-cago, makes the following extravagant declaration of the loyalty of Catholics to the flag in case of war with Spain:Š "If once war were declared between this country and Spain, the sentiment of Catholics, as of those of other creeds, would be accurately summarized in those famous words of Stephen Decatur: 'Our country: in her inter-course with foreign nations, may she always be in the right; but, our country, right or wrong.' So say not we. We boast not that kind of loyalty. We believe in putting God before country always; religion before patriotism, if the twoŠwhich God forbidŠshould ever clash. John Quincy Adams once rebuked that sen-timent of Stephen Decatur's:Š "-And say not thou, 'My country right or wrong,' Nor shed thy blood in an unhallowed cause. . If then thy country trample on the right, Furl up her banner, and avert thy sight." What is the Mark?ŠNo. 1. BY C. H. BESLAICE. IN the last article it was shown that the mark that is to be enforced by the United States, symbolized by the two-horned beast of Rev. 13:11-17, is,  the mark of the papacyŠsymbolized by the ten-horned leopard beast of verses 1-10. It was also pointed out that the enforcing of the mark, whatever it may be, is an act of worship, as through it the people are to be made to worship that which is called an image to the beastŠor papacy. This at once proves that the mark is a religious institution, and also that it is a test of loyalty; and whenever it is sought to be enforced it will be represented as being "the mark." 