VoL. 9, No. 4. Righteousness by Faith and Not by Civil Law. THE standard of righteousness as held by Protestants in general is the same, namely, the ten commandments. The Baptists, Methodists, Congregationalists, Presby-terians, Episcopalians, Unitarians and others in this country hold with us the same standard by which righteousness is determinedŠthe ten commandments. (See catechisms and creeds of the different churches.) This same standard of right-eousness is held to by nearly all the Chris-tian churches in the world, at least in the-ory if not in practice. But how this righteousness is obtained, is where the difference of opinion arises. Our position is that righteousness is obtained only by faith in Christ, and faith alone. While nearly all the above named denominations hold to the same in theory; yet many of them in words and in fact deny it. This is emphatically true of Na-tional Reformers. Said Jonathan Ed-wards in a speech before a National Reform Convention in New York City Feb. 27,1873, " We want State and religion, and we are going to have it. It shall be that so far as the affairs of State require religion, it shall be religionŠthe religion of Jesus Christ. The Christian oath and Christian morality shall have in this land 'an undeni-able legal basis.' We use the word reli-gion in its proper sense, as meaning a man's personal relation of faith and obedience to God." Mr. Edwards then believed in State and religion combined, for he said : " So far as the affairs of State require religion, it shall be the religion of Jesus Christ." It is plain from this statement, that in order for a man to have righteous-ness in the eyes of the State, he must con-form to the standard of righteousness set up by the State religion; and as it is the business of the State to define and enforce its righteousness upon the people, it follows that the people get their righteousness from the State and not from Jesus Christ. Again, as the State is made up of men and they make and define the righteous-ness of the State, then it is a man-made righteousness which they get and not the righteousness of Jesus Christ. Moreover, as all our (man's) righteousness is as filthy rags; they get from the State filthy rags and not the righteousness of Christ. Furthermore, as all things that are not of faith are sin, (Rom. 14: 23), and the man who gets righteousness from the State does not exercise faith in Christ, because the State stands between him and Christ, he gets sin instead of righteousness and nothing but sin. The further impossibil-ity of obtaining righteousness by legisla-tive enactments may be seen by consider-ing a few passages of scripture. Rom. 3: 23, " For all have sinned," " And all are unclean." Job 14: 4. How can man then, by combination and civil law, pro-duce a clean thing out of an unclean ? As well might we expect to gather figs of thorns, or grapes from brambles, as to think of getting righteousness out of, or by means of, any code of laws enforced by human enactments. Righteousness is of God by faith in Jesus Christ unto all them that believe. Rom. 3 : 22. This is of the heart and life and not in outward observance. Is it possible for any human law to change the heart of man ? As well might the Ethiopian change his skin, or he leopard his spots, as for a nation to ake men righteous; no matter if the ation calls itself Christian, it is still icked. It is further evident that no man can get righteousness by even keeping the law of God. The reasons for this are the same as in the other case, man is carnal and the law is spiritual; consequently he must be created a spiritual being. This new creation is wrought by faith in Christ. It is in this way that a man becomes righteous, and in no other way. The Apostle Paul learned this lesson when he said, " What things were gain to me, those I counted lossŁ for Christ, yea doubt-less, and I count all things but loss for the excellency of the knowledge of Christ Jesus my Lord ; for whom I have suffered the loss of all things, and do count them but dung that I may win Christ, and be found in him [Christ], not having mine own righteousness, which is of the law, but that which is through the faith of Christ, the righteousness which is of God by faith." Phil. 3 : 7-9. The one who is made righteous by faith in Christ Jesus, and who retains him in his life will be himself just like the law of righteousness in Christ, the ten command-ments, so that the things contained in the law will be done in him. " For," says the apostle, " it is God which worketh in you both to will and to do of his good pleas-ure." Phil. 2 : 13. So the work is all of God in Christ. Said Christ, "Without me ye can do nothing." It is said of the rem-nant church, Rev. 12: 17 and 14:12, that " they keep the commandments [right-eousness] of God and the faith of Jesus." This last clause tells how it is that they keep the righteousness of God, by simply keeping "the faith of Jesus," which in turn makes them righteous and keeps them so. This is righteousness by faith and nothing else is. H. J. FARMAN. A Sanctified Bully. As it is by professors of religion that persecution is brought upon observers of the seventh day, so it takes professors of religion to defend it. The following is copied. from the Christian Advocate of Detroit, Mich., of December 2, 1893 :Š The Seventh-day Adventists of Battle Creek are re-ported as about to scatter to the four winds for the purpose of being persecuted and oppressed by the dreadful people of this world who believe in keeping the Lord's day and not the Jewish Sabbath. Now, if these saints will behave themselves on Sunday, as well as on other days, we will venture that they will not suffer much. But if they are going to be offensively boisterous and loud on the Christian Sabbath, as is too frequently their custom, they will deserve the legal penalties whether they receive them or not. The foregoing betrays a spirit of which no one need have very much reason to be proud. The Advocate has heard of the persecution of the. observers of the seventh day, or it would not mention it. It, therefore, very well knows that those who have been arrested and imprisoned were not making themselves "offensively boisterous and loud," but had to be searched out before it could be ascertained that they were doing any work whatever. But it has no inquiry to make, as to whether a wrong may not have been done, no word of condemnation for the manifest partisanship and injustice that has been exhibited, but only a sneer for the people, a misrepresentation of the facts, and an intimation that they do not receive, even yet, what they deserve ! It was out of just such choice spirits as the writer of the paragraph under notice, that the blackest inquisitors of the Dark Ages were made; and should they be called for again, it seems there is suitable timber ready for  the office. We know not what profession the writer of the foregoing paragraph makes, but we know from his language what he is : he has simply thrown off the mask, and stands before the world in the attitude of a self-righteous, self-sancti-fied bully.ŠAdvent Review and Sabbath Herald. IN an appeal to its Freethought constit-uency the Truth Seeker says:Š We cannot afford to have any more religious legis-lation by Congress. Already too many precedents have been established. This country was dedicated to freedom, and it was decreed that Church and State should be separate. It cannot be denied by any honest and intelligent personzthat the ship of State is rapidly drifting from her secular moorings out into the rock-torn waters of ecclesiasticism. We must at once bring her back to her safe anchorage or meet wreck and death in the near future. But we shall have more religious legis-lation by Congress. Eighteen hundred years ago the prophet of God foretold that in this country would be formed an image to the papal beast. This has been done. The Government has surrendered to the united churches; the power is now in the hands of a religious hierarchy as relentless,  as ever Rome wasŠa hierarchy that has boasted that it holds the Congress of the United States in its handsŠand it now only remains for it to fulfill the remainder of the prophecy of Rev. 13: 15-17. The Truth Seeker does not believe the word of God, but it cannot deny the facts as they unfold. Our contemporary thinks the rising tide of governmental ecclesiasticism will yet be stayed by a revival of the love of liberty now latent in the American breast; but it is a vain hope. Only the power of God can break the hold that apostate Protestantism and Roman Ca-tholicism has on this fair land, and that power will not be put forth until the time comes for the fulfillment of the promise of the Father to the Lord Jesus Christ: " Ask of me, and I shall give thee the heathen for thine inheritance, and the ut-termost parts of the earth for thy posses-sion. Thou shalt break them with a rod of iron; thou shalt dash them in pieces like a potter's vessel." Ł THE New York Herald, of the 12th inst., contained this bit of local news :Š Captain John Drum, of the Tenth infantry, has been assigned to duty as professor of military science and tactics at the College of St. Francis Xavier, in this city. An order to that effect issued from the Adjutant General's office, Washington, and signed by Secretary Lamont, has been received by the Rev. T. J. Camp-bell, S. J., president of the college. It is as follows:Š WAR DEPARTMENT, WASHINGTON CITY, JAN. 4, 1894. By direction of the President and in accordance with section 1,225. Revised Statutes; as amended by the acts of Congress approved September 26, 1888, and November 3, 1893, Captain John Drum, Tenth infantry, is detailed as professor of military science and tactics at the College of St. Francis Xavier, New York City, and will report in person for duty accordingly. DANIEL S. LAMONT. Secretary of War. St. Francis Xavier's College thus affords additional evidence that it is an eminently practical and pro-gressive institution. " Eminently practical," is a good term to describe a religious school that requires the services of a military instructor; it is, certainly more practical than pious. Doubtless the military training to be given in this " eminently practical and progres-sive institution" is to .be put to a very practical use in the not distant future. Military drill and armament are not de-signed by the papists of this country to be. simply ornamental. They are for use. 