" Corrupted freemen are the worst of slaves." Ł VOLUME 2. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, OCTOBER, 1887. NUMBER 10. 411212 An2e1ieal2 Sei2thrl. PUBLISHED MONTHLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING HOUSE, OAKLAND, CAL. Ł E. J. WAG(IONER,  EDITORS. ALONZO T. JONES, f J. H. WAGGONER, CORRESPONDING EDITOR. Entered at the Post4feein Oakland. Prussia at the Pope's Feet. THE Pope has sent out a note of rejoicing over his triumphant conquest of Germany, upon which, under the above heading, the Christian Advocate comments as follows :Š "One of the most pitiable spectacles pre-sented in these latter days to the world's gaze is that of PrussiaŠgreat and Protestant Prus-siaŠdoing obeisance to the Pope of Rome. "If any human force could make Martin Lu-ther and Philip Melanchthon arise from their graves beneath the marble slabs in the Wit-tenberg church)  it would be this. But, alas ! so bound hand and fodt is their land to-day, that not one strong voice in the whole country dares to sound the alarm and tell the whole civilized world what is going on in Berlin. "The climax has just been reached in the Pope's allocution, which came by cablegram from Rome. His holiness appeals to the whole world to hear his cry of victory over German Protestantism. Here are some of his jubilant notes :Š " We felt more concerned at the evils of this religious struggle with Prussia, and as we were unable to remedy them by striving alone, owing to the obstacles which impeded our power, we invoked the co-operation of the German bishops and the Catholic deputies in the Prussian Diet, from whose constancy and concord the church derived great fruits, and expects still greater. Thanks to the equitable and pacific sentiments of Emperor William and his counselors, the Prussian Government removed the more serious inconveniences, and then accepted the various practical con- ditions, of peace, by which some of the former laws against the church have been repealed and others mitigated. Something remains, but we must rejoice at what we have obtained, and, above all, in regard to the free action of the Pope in the government of the church in Prussia.'  " If Bismarck is not entirely blind to all Protestant sentiment, and is not utterly con-sumed by his love of Prussian imperialism, whatever becomes of the people, he must have some sense of shame when he reads the Pope's allocutionŠthat this triumph of Ro-manism in Germany is made the basis of an appeal to Italy to range herself on the side of Papal interests. Gekmany more Catholic than Italy! That is the picture now, and the world is told so by Leo XIII." The Throne of David. IT has heretofore been shown in the SEN-TINEL that Christ is to possess, at different times, two distinct forms of kingship: one, a priestly kingship, after the order of Melchis-edek; the other a national or civil kingship, after the order of David, or, more properly, as the successor of David on his throne. The radical defect in all the professed arguments of the professed National Reformers is, that' they make no distinction between these reigns, either as to time or nature. They liberally quote those prophecies which refer to Christ's reign on the throne of David, and apply them to his present reign on the throne of his Fa-ther in Heaven, as priest after the order of Melchisedek. In the Old Testament Christ was repre-sented by these two kingly personages, Mel-chisedek and David. Melchisedek was both king and priest. Paul, in his letter to the Hebrews, abundantly proves that Christ is now fulfilling the kingly priesthood in Heaven. And that is the only kingship that he now has. At least one National Reform writer saw the difficulty attending their position in regard to Christ being king of the nations while he is mediator, and attempted to meet it; and how? By referring to Solomon, who was king of Israel and king over the nations I A more lamentable.,  failure could not be made, for Solomon was not a mediator, or priest, as Christ is. But who can do better on that side of the question, where no proof is to be found? That difficulty is insurmountable, forever barring the way of the National Re-form theories. In the May number of the SENTINEL, in an-swering certain assertions of the National Re-formers, we noticed at some length the priestly reign of Christ, and showed by the Scriptures that while he is a priest on the throne of his Father, he is expecting that the nations will be given to him. Surely this expecta-tion has not yet been fulfilled, for his media-tion is not yet concluded. Now we will notice his other kingship, namely, on the throne of David. Let it be borne in mind that David had no priesthood. No one ever acted as priest who sat on his throne. One, Uzziah, essayed to act as priest, but was smitten with leprosy for his presumption. And Christ will not be a priest on the throne of David, for no priest-hood belongs to that throne. The question then rises, Is Christ to occupy two distinct thrones, at different times? Yes, that is ex-actly what the Scriptures teach. The proof  is found in his own words, as follows : " To him that overcometh will I grant to sit with me in my throne, even as I also overcame, and am set down with my Father in his throne." Rev. 3:21. There is no question or difference of opin-ion as to the present position of Christ; he is acting as priest on the throne of his Father. And if the people were not " slow of heart to believe all that the prophets have spoken;" if they gave ready heed to " all scripture," as they should, there would be no question about Christ yet occupying his own throneŠthe throne of David, to which he was born heir. In regard to this throne, and its occupancy, we will listen to the Scriptures. The angel, in foretelling to Mary the birth of Jesus, said : " The Lord God shall give unto him the throne of his father David; and he shall reign over the house of Jacob forever; and of his kingdom there shall be no end." Luke 1: 32, 33. Peter, speaking of the resur-rection of Christ, shows that it was in the ful-fillment of the promise to David. Of David he said : " Therefore being a prophet, and knowing that God had sworn with an oath to him, that of the fruit of his loins, according to the flesh, he would raise up Christ to sit on his throne; he, seeing this before, spake of the resurrection of Christ, that his soul was not left in hell, neither his flesh did see cor-ruption." Acts 2:30, 31. To this throne Christ was born heir. When David died, the throne descended to his son; and each son, in turn, lost his right by death. Jesus also died, and would have lost his right had he remained dead. But the Father "raised up Christ" to sit on David's throne. There is significance in the expression, " The Lord God shall give unto kiln the throne of his father David." It was his by birth; it was resigned in death; and it was restored to him in the resurrection. And now, as long as Jesus lives, no other can claim that throne. It is his by heirship, and it is the one upon which the faithful overcomers will sit with him, after he resigns his position on the throne of his Father in Heaven. In Rev. 11 : 15 is a declaration often quoted by the National Refopmers, and always by them misapplied. We will examine its terms : "The seventh angel sounded; aid there were great voices in Heaven, saying, The kingdoms of this world are become the kingdoms of our Lord, and of his Christ; and he shall reign forever and ever." In immediate con-nection, verses 17, 18, are words which the Reformers never quote in this connection. 