Equal.and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or politicalŠThomas 7eferson. VOLUME 4. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA., OCTOBER 9, 1889. NUMBER 37. 114e An2eFical2 3mtir2e1. PUBLISHED 'WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK; 18 POST ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.; 12TH .Sz CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. EDITORS, E. J. WAGGONER, ALoNzo T. JONES. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, Oakland, Cal., for August 28, is largely devoted to refuting charges brought against it and its editors by W. F. Crafts, field secretary of the American Sabbath Union, who made an affidavit at Colorado Springs that the editors were guilty of willful and malicious falsehood and slander " by the square foot. " With the SENTINEL'S showing by means of fac-similes of letters written by Crafts to Prof. Jones, one of its editors, compared with the sworn statements of Crafts, the conclusion that the apostle of the National Sabbath law advocacy is guilty of perjury, is irresistibleŠSilver Gate (San Diego), Sept. 14. Ł Ł  e IN the New York Observer's notice of the death of John Bright sometime ago there occurred a statement which is worthy of preservation and of special note in this age, when the tendency is to try to elevate people in bulk. The statement is this :Š " He cared supremely for the development of indi-vidual character; he preferred the material prosperity of the people, advancing slowly by their own efforts to quicker progress by State aid." There is probably not a National Reformer who would not agree with Mr. Bright in this. They would agree that the idea is absurd that men can be established on a higher pecuniary basis by legislation. They know well that it is individ-ual character and energy that determine a man's standing. The State might pass a law that every' individual should have a certain amount of prop-erty, and it might even distribute property so that each should have an equality, but in less time than it would take to make the distribution, some would have a great deal more, and some would have none at all. But if this is absurd in temporal matters, how much more so in matters pertaining to morals. National Reformers would have the State pass laws to makomen moral and to elevate them spiritually, when it has not power to overcome in-dividual characteristics sufficiently to make a rich man out of a man that is poor because of a lack of energy. There is at the present day, as we have before said, a tendency to do everything in bulk. Charity is carried on by associations; and temperance work, instead of being performed by and for individuals as formerly, is now rele- gated almost entirely to societies and political parties. And so it is with Christian work. People are getting tired of laboring for individuals, as the Master did. To labor personally for people seems too slow, so they want to have laws passed which will gather them in by the hundreds and thousands. The natural consequence of this is to put personal labor entirely at a discount. The only kind of labor which can accomplish any real results is despised because of its humility. Let the professed Christian people of this country become infatuated with the idea of National Re-form, and real Christian effort would cease at once. Fortunately there are some still who be-lieve that the conversion of one individual is of far more value than the forced compliance of a thousand to outward forms. Mr. Crafts and Seventh-Day Christians NOT long since a communication from Mr. Crafts in reply to a Mr. Cadman on "Cardinal Gibbons and the Sunday-Rest Bill," appeared in a morning newspaper of Chicago. In that letter Mr. Crafts states that seventh-day Christians are guilty of " slanders," " malicious misstatements and misquotations." This letter of Mr. Crafts' called out in the Chicago Morning Times, a letter from the Rev. J. W. Morton. Both of these letters are published in the Sabbath Recorder of August 15, from which we take this letter. The readers of the SENTINEL will be interested in the well put arguments of Mr. Morton :Š In your paper of the 13th inst., the Rev. Wil-bur F. Crafts, of the "American Sabbath Union," charges seventh-day Christians with "malicious misstatements and misquotations" in reference to himself and the society he represents. As I am a Seventh-day Baptist I feel interested in this_,  charge. I am not conscious, however, of having made any malicious statements about either him or his society, nor have I noticed anything of the kind in the Outlook, our denominational organ. But now that the question is up I want to call at-tention to a few mistatements and misquotations that Mr. Crafts and his co-workers have made. I do not say maliciously, but at least carelessly. 1. In the official notes of a hearing on the Sunday-Rest bill before Mr. Blair's committee, December 13, 1888, Mr. -Crafts says of Cardinal Gibbons' letter, in the foot-note to page 18 : " The letter is not equal in value to the individual sig-natures of the millions he represents, but no loyal Catholic priest or paper or person will oppose what hag thus been indorsed." In his letter to the Morning News he says that it was "distinctly said " that the letter " was not equivalent to the  signatures of the whole Catholic Church, although it was hoped it would be equivalent to a negative indorsement by that church, in that the approval of the Cardinal, it was thought, would prevent op-position to the Sunday-Rest petition by any loyal Catholic." Observe the difference. In the origi-nal the statement is absolute that no loyal Catho-lic will oppose the Cardinal's letter. In the quo-tation "it was hoped" and "it was thought" that "the approval of the Cardinal " " would prevent opposition " "by any loyal Catholic." Now what is this 'but gross misquotation and misrepresenta-tion ? 2. In the same document (page 124) Mr. Crafts says: " It would not be reasonable for leg, islatures to compel the ninety-nine one-hun-dredths of the population who do not regard Sat-urday as a sacred day to stop business for the less :than one per cent. who do. If this were done, the Mohammedan immigrants of the future would soon be asking for laws halting industry on their sacred Friday also." Now, here is an indirect, but none the less positive, assertion that observ-ers of the Seventh dayŠJews, seventh-day Ad-ventists, and Seventh-day Baptists, desire the en-actment of laws compelling others to keep Satur-day holy. But Mr. Crafts ought to know that not one of either of these classes has ever peti-tioned for anything of the kind, while seventh-day, Christians at least, have constantly and publicly declared their opposition to all civil Sabbath laws. Could there be a grosser misrepresentation than this? I do not say it is "malicious," but it it is unjust, injurious, and unworthy of a thought-ful Christian. 3. In the same document (page 22) Mrs. J. C. Bateham, a lady thoroughly indorsed by Mr. Crafts, in speaking of the great " half-mile " peti-tion, says: " I do not know how many of these 7,000,000 have sent their individual signatures= it is said their are millions. I do know that nearly every State and Territory is represented, and that pasted on red cloth and arranged as drapery in the Foundry church of this city, for the American Sabbath Union now in session there, the petition is over half a mile in length, much of it in double columns; and yet this wonderful pe-tition, doubtless by many millions the largest ever presented to this or any other government, is not' yet full grown." On page 24 these same 7,000,-000 are said to have spoken " through their signa-tures." These remarks refer to what Mr. Crafts calls "our half-mile double-columned petition," which, he says, contains thousands upon thou-sands of indiVidual signatures." Now Mr: Crafts must have known very well that Mrs. Bateham's estimate of the number of these signatures was enormously exaggeratedŠthat half-mile petition, though in double columns, could 'lot have con-tained more than one hundred and sixty thouSand 