" Corrupted freemen are the worst of slaves." VOLUME 1. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, MAY, 1886. NUMBER 5. '11e Arr2eFical? 3e0h2e1. PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, OAKLAND, CAL. Entered at the Past-office in Oakland. Story on The First Amendment. JUDGE STORY, in his "Exposition of the Con-stitution," speaks thus of the object of the First Amen dm ent:Š Ł "The same policy which introduced-into the Constitution the prohibition of any religious test, led to this more extended prohibition of the interference of Congress in religious con-cerns. We are not to attribute this prohibi-tion of a national religious establishment to an indifference to religion in general, and espe-cially to Christianity (which none could hold in more reverence than the framers' of the Constitution), but to a dread by the people of the influence of ecclesiastical power in matters of Government; a dread which their ancestors brought with them from the parent country, and which, unhappily for human infirmity, their own conduct, after their emigration, had not, in any just degree, tended to diminish. It was also obvious, from the numerous and power-ful sects existing in the United States, that there would be perpetual temptations to struggles for ascendency in the National councils, if any one might thereby hope to found a permanent and exclusive national establishment of its own; and religious persecutions might thus-be introduced, to an extent utterly subversive of the true in-terests and good order of the Republic. The most effectual mode of suppressing the evil in the view of the people, was, to strike down the temptations to its introduction." MANY express sympathy with the position of the SENTINEL, who yet consider that our work is of little use because the effort to secure a Religious Amendment to our national Constitu-tion will never amount to anything. That is because they do not know the strength of the National Association which is laboring to se-cure it. They will wake up to their mistake not many years hence. "LET those who imagine that a nation can be made Christian by incorporating the letter of a Christian creed into its Constitution, remember the lessons of history. The worst despotisms that have ever cursed the world, were adminis-tered in the name, and by the assumed author-ity, of God."ŠN. Y. Tribune. Bold and Base Avowal. WITH the self-styled National Reformers the name of " Rev. Dr. Jonathan Edwards," of Illi- nois, stands very high. And we ask no better evidence that it will not do to intrust civil au-thority to the hands of ecclesiastics, than the fact that the most eminent professors of Chris- tianity, even those to whom their fellows look up with reverence, often assume the most over- bearing demeanor when asserting what they claim as their special prerogatives. We would not be misunderstood in this expression. We would as readily trust to their hands the exer- cise of the functions of 'government as to the hands of any others, as long as they will con- fine their actions to the sphere for which civil Governments exist. It is only when they as-sert their right to enforce their theological ideas that they are self-asserting and arrogant. Dr. Edwards delivered an address at the Na-tional Convention of the "Reformers," held in New York in 1873. In this address are a num-ber of things worthy of notice; but one portion of it, which we now consider, is particularly offensive to all who have any regard for the rights of our common humanity, as it is con-trary to the spirit of. Christianity as taught by Christ and his apostles. First, we will notice an error into which all these reformers run by, confounding civil with religious rights and privileges. In fact, they draw no line between them, as we have before shown. As the Government deals with us in I ivil matters, so would they deal with their opponents in matters of religion. Thus he speaks:Š " We may not buy a lot among the fine houses of Broadway, or the fashionable ave-nues of New York, and there set up and oper-ate a foundry, a tin shop, a bone-boiling estab-lishment, or a soap chandlery. If we try it we shall find both ourselves and our business treated as a nuisance. People do not like the smoke, the noise, the fumes of such establish-ments. The majority are against you, and in this country and in all republics majorities govern. To be in a minority involves more or less of inconvenience. In business, in politics, in fash-ion, in morals, and in religion, whoever differs materially from the majority will certainly be made to feel it more or less in due time." Were the blasphemer and the hardened scof-fer to place our religious rights and privileges on a level with the right to erect a tin shop or a foundry in a certain locality, or were such an one to class our religion with worldly business, With politics, or the fashions, we should not be so greatly surprised. After reading further from Dr. Edwards we can better measure the height and breadth of his religion; and some,  perhaps, will even give him credit for consis-tency in making religion- no more sacred than " a bone-boiling establishment or a soap chand-lery." that is, judging by the religion which he represents in his utterances. We do not hesi-tate to say that if the Government should deny us the right to boil bones or make soap any- wherec  we should acquiesce and seek some other business. But if the same Government should insist that we deny the faith we hold and abstain from the practice of the religion we profess, we should dissent in the most emphatic terms. We would not yield our religious faith and practice for all the majorities the world can produce; we would not accept another in its stead, either in theory or practice, at the demand of the strongest Government or the most relentless tyrant. This is our declara- tion, and that of every genuine Christian in the land. We only ask for grace to maintain it. Would Dr. Edwards yield his religion to the will of the majority, even as he now yields in many secular matters ? Oh, no. That is no part of his scheme. It is not his religion of which he speaks when he subordinates religion to the will- of majorities. It is somebody else's religion; somebody's religion which does not agree with his; it is somebody's religion which he cannot control without the aid of the civil power! But this is only the prelude to the avowal to which we specially call attention. In classify-ing those whom he considers enemies to their cause, he speaks as follows:Š " The Atheist is a man who denies the being of a God and a future life. To him, mind and matter are the same, and time is the be-all and end-all of consciousness and of character. " The Deist admits God, but denies that he has any such control over human affairs as we call providence, or that he ever manifests him-self and his will in a revelation. " The Jew admits God, providence, and reve-lation, but rejects the entire scheme of gospel redemption by Jesus Christ as sheer imagina-tion, orŠworseŠsheer imposture. " The Seventh-day Baptists believe in God and Christianity, and are conjoined with the other members of this class by the accident of differing with the mass of Christians upon the question of what precise day of the week shall be observed as holy. " These all are, for the occasion, and as far as our amendment is concerned, one class. They use the same arguments and the same tactics against us. They must be counted together, which we very much regret, but which we can-not help. The first-named is the leader in the discontent and the outcryŠthe atheist, to whom nothing is higher or more sacred than man, and nothing survives the tomb. It is his class. Its labors are almost wholly in his interest; its success would be almost wholly his triumph. 