356 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. A New Criterion. THE Synod of Pennsylvania and West Virginia, at, Scranton, has passed a reso-lution recommending Congress to refuse the loan of $5,000,000 asked for in aid of the World's Fair at Chicago, until the managers of that enterprise give a pledge that they will not permit the Fair to be opened on Sundays. This carries the inference that if such a pledge is given the money is to be forth-coming. There would be no inducement for the pledge to be made to Congress unless the loan was to follow as a consid-eration. Besides the aspect which this assumes, of purchasing the strict observ-ance of the Sabbath, which the Synod de-sires, it indicates that the clerical minds of the Synod do not recognize any other considerations with regard to that loan than the Sabbatarian question. Now it happens that there are several other important considerations. The chief of them is the fact that Chicago was chosen as the site for the Fair under the positive pledge of its representative that it would ask for no aid from Congress ex-cept the appropriation for the Govern-ment exhibit. Whether that pledge shall be insisted upon or not may be an open question for Congress. But it might occur to the minds of our friends of the Synod to inquire, if Chicago has so soon violated the first pledge, what the exact value of the second pledge will be. Finally, do our friends of the Synod really mean to take the attitude that if people will adopt their views of Sabbath observance they shall have all the money they want from the national Treasury?ŠPittsburg Dispatch. Philadelphia and Chicago Sundays. Puck has seen " what fools these mor-tals be" on the Sunday closing of the World's Fair, and expresses some well defined views in the following trenchant paragraphs :Š THE Chicago World's Fair is likely to be the means of settling, once and for all, what is known as the Sunday Question. We do not in the least mean to say that the settlement of the question rests with the directors or commissioners who are now considering whether they shall or shall not keep the Fair open on Sundays. The ultimate judg-ment lies with the people, whatever the officials of the Fair may see fit to decide; and it needs only such an occasion as a great and widely attended public exhibition to bring the case before the peo-ple, and at the same time to present them with the evidence which they need, to pass judgment upon it. It is possibleŠwe trust it is not probableŠthat the managers of the Fair may attempt to close it to the public on Sundays. That wicked and cruel blunder was committed in 1876 at Philadelphia, and there may be among the exhibition officials men as weak and timorous as General Hawley showed himself at that time; as fearful of the clamor of the vindictive, bitter little crowd of pro-fessional Sabbatarians, and as willing to wrong the many to avoid incurring the wrath of a few. But we do not believe it, Whatever maybe the faults  of Chicago, she does not grow that sort of man. Chicago is not likely to take the shrill voice of Hartford, Connecticut, for the roar of the whole world. We shall be much surprised if the men who have the World's Fair in charge will seri-ously and earnestly undertake to do the bidding of the preposterous fanatics who came from New York with Elliott F. Shepard at their head to demand the enforcement of the Puritan Blue Laws in 1893. But whether Elliott F. Shepard or a man with brains gets possession of the Fair gates on the Sun-days of the Summer of 1893, the question will set-tle itself in that time, and not by the "say so" of any one man or of any set of men, official or un-official. If the Fair is to be closed on Sundays, the blunder of Philadelphia will be repeated on a scale large enough to show its criminal folly. Now, let it be re-membered, Philadelphia was, in 1876, an exception-ally quiet provincial city of seven or eight hun-dred thousand inhabitants. It was a "city of homes," with far less public life than most towns of half its size. Yet, when the hundreds of thou-sands of people who attended the Centennial Expo-sition were let loose on Philadelphia for long sum-mer Sundays of aimless, hopeless, helpless idleness, with nothing to see, nothing to do, in the way of rational enjoyment, this quiet "city of homes" developed vice enough for a metropoliv. People who can not go to a clean and wholesome place of amusement can always go to the devil, who is more constantly with us than even the poor ; and the idle strangers in Philadelphia went promptly to the devil, who was imported from New York, and other places, for their special benefit. And, be it further remembered, that Chicago is a city not only much larger than Philadelphia was in 1876, but as different in character from that dull old town as Denver, Colorado, is different from Salem, Massachusetts. Every large and active city has its vicious side, and must have, under any mu-nicipal system that has yet been devised, while vice exists and the willingness of the vicious to make money in evil ways. Chicago's vicious side is a side of all but unexampled magnitude. We believe that she lays claim to the distinction of ranking New York in this particularŠbut for the credit of both cities, let us avoid a futile and offensive com-parison. It is enough to say that, in her ability to satisfy the appetites of those who seek for dissipa-tion in any and every form, Chicago must be counted among the half-dozen great cities of the world which cherish within their bounds other cities of sin and iniquity, of a population alien to the mass of law-abiding folks; Alsatias of crime and intemperance and vile misuse of life. There is no Sunday closing foi these cities within cities. Their day is night ; their hours of hardest work the holiday hours of honest folk. Their iniq-uitous show is ever open, and it is the business of their lives to drag people into it. There is no admis-sion fee. It costs nothing to go in. But there is an exit fee. It costs someth._ng to come out. It is to the mercies of this world of tireless, ingenious persistent ubiquitous dealers in vice that the small but noisy handful of Sabbatarians would deliver the idle crowds which will throng Chicago's many streets two years hence. Young men and girls, inexperi-enced in the world's ways, eager for enjoyment, for adventure, for new experiences and for a wider knowledge of the world around themŠthese are the people whom the Sunday closers wish to expose to the manifold temptations of a great city for twenty-four hours of enforced idleness, inevit-able dullness, unrelieved weariness and emptiness. And that is all these self-constituted defenders of religion care for Christian people. So long as their fellow-men are denied a rational and wholesome amusement on Sunday, these fellow-men may wreck their lives and smirch their souls whenever poor human nature yields to the temptation to ex-change a maddening idleness for the illusive ex-citements of vice. We have faith enough in the good faith and intelligence of the World's Fair officials  to feel sure that we shall see, every Sunday in the summer of 1893, American crowds en-joying themselves in a healthy American manner, decently, good naturedly and soberly, in the walks and aisles of the great Exposition, and proving their American capacity for behaving themselves like good folk and good citizens, on the first day of the week as well as on the other six. Puck is a very bright boy, but he is n't well up in Revelation. For if he were, he would not say; "The Chicago World's Fair is likely to be the means of settling, once and for all, what is known as the Sunday Question." For so long as the devil lives, and until the poor in spirit are given possession of the mansions prepared for them, this Sunday question will remain unsettled. Religious Legislation in the South Seas. As pestilence and death cross the world in the darkness, and no man knows from whence they come, so this moral pesti-lence and spiritual death of religious leg-islation is making the circuit of the earth, fostered by the spirit of all evil. In con-firmation of this, Elder A. J. Read, who is with the missionary schooner Pitcairn, writes the following letter from the Friendly Islands, to the Signs of the Times, Oakland, California.Š " The natives who inhabit the Tongan or Friendly group are by far the most intelligent and promising race which we have met on any of the South Sea islands. "We spoke of their thrift and industry as manifested on Vavau and Haabi, which places we had visited at our last writing. The same thing was also noticeable at Tonga-tabu, the principal island and seat of the government. " The government is well ordered, gen-erally speaking, and is in the hands of the natives, King George Tubou, whose picture graces the postage stamp, being the ruling sovereign. The legislative gov-ernment is modeled after the English form, having a Parliament composed of a House of Lords and a House of Commons. It is said that when any measure is pending which the king fears is going contrary to his wishes, his old head, gray with ninety-five years of service, appears in the Par-liament, and, with a voice which strikes consternation to lords and commons alike, he begins to quote to them passages of Scripture, then tells them what his opin-ion is in the matter before them, and states that that is what must be done, and this puts an end to all controversy; his wishes are carried out to the letter. " A fearful religious persecution has been sweeping these fair islands, and one has only to visit the scene and talk with the survivors to know how tragical and cruel the logic of toleration and State re-ligion is when worked out in the hands of simple natives. "Whatever .may have been the aggra-vating cause, surely no excuse can be 