AMERICAN SENTINEL. 149> people. But Sunday rest, it says, is only a subordinate means to the chief end to be secured. "It is chiefly de-sirable because it gives better opportunity to keep the day holy unto the Lord." What, then, is the chief pur-pose of the Siraday laws for which The Defender and its party are calling? Plainly, the law being to secure Sun-day rest, and Sunday rest being "chiefly desirable" as a means to keeping Sunday holy, the chief end and aim of the Sunday law is the keeping holy of the day. They are trying to make men religious by law. They always deny this, of course; but by their own words they make it perfectly plain that such is the real truth of the matter. "We want the Sunday law to secure Sunday rest. We want Sunday rest chiefly in order that the day may be kept holy." Therefore, the Sunday law is chiefly to promote the "holy" keeping of the day. That is fair; it is logical; and it is the truth. Serious Thoughts About the United States. HOW A CLOUD OF WITNESSES VIEW IT. BY D. T. BOURDE.A.U. (A. Frenchman.) A CLOUD of candid witnesses, both in the Old World and in America, have noticed and criticised the fol-lowing recent departures of the United States from its profession, regarding them as sad omens for that nation:Š (a.) Taking and possessing territory east of the Atlantic, and in the Old World, thereby going against its famous Monroe doctrine. (b.) Acting toward the inhabitants of its newly-ac-quired possessions in the Orient in a manner more than savoring of imperialism, and antagonistic to these famous "self-evident" truths in the Declaration of Inde-pendence: "All men are created equal," and "are en-dowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights," among which "are life, liberty, and the pursuit of hap-piness," and "governments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers  from the consent of the gov-erned." Under this head remarks like the following are made by thoughtful persons of every land, who have admired the profession and fundamental principles of what they have regarded as the model Republic:Š - "Were the inhabitants of this acquired territory treated as if God had created all men equal? Were they treated as having the same right to liberty and inde-pendence that Americans originally bad? Did the United States in this case derive its just powers from the consent of the governed? Did it not rather force those with whom it had to do to consent to be governed by itself? Again, were the precept, 'Love thy neighbor as thyself,' and the Golden Rule, 'All things whatsoever  ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them,' which are applicable to nations as well as to in-dividuals composing them, and on which depends the republican doctrine of equal rights, strictly regarded by what had been hitherto considered as the model Republic? What a noble example this favored nation would have given to the world in favor of liberty, had she made the inhabitants of her Oriental possessions a free and independent nation, according to their urgent pleas, instead of sacrificing so many precious lives, and expending such large sums of money to be refunded by an increased taxation of Americans! "Would not liberty and independence have been as precious to the inhabitants of those islands as they were originally to the United States? If the people of those islands had previously belonged to the United States and had been breaking away from that Govern-ment and endeavoring to overturn its republican prin-ciples, or if they had been one with Spain in declaring and waging war against the United States, and had not been struggling for independence and sweet liberty, the case would have been different. Were not that people as justly entitled to liberty and independence as were the thirteen original States of the great American Re-public when they declared themselves independent? And would they not have been more disposed to bless the United States as their benefactor, receive her counsels, and, as it were, welcome the friendly touch of her fash-ioning hand, had she granted them what she originally claimed for herself, than they will be under present cir-cumstances?" (c.) Agreeing not to disturb slavery in the Sulu Islands, thereby militating with the Thirteenth Amend- ment to the Constitution of the United States, which declares that "neither slavery nor involuntary servi-tude, except as a punishment for crime, whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within the United States, or any place subject to their jurisdic-tion." Here it is pertinently asked, "If this change of tac-tics on the part of the United States Government is jus- tifiable, why might not slavery be restored and left undisturbed in any part of the United States?" And to the excuse, "It is only a temporary thing, a compro- mise for the present, until the thing is abolished;" and, after all, it is a "very mild form of slavery," the follow-ing response is returned: "What need is there of abol-ishing it at all, if it is so mild a thing? It is either right or wrong. If it is right, why talk of abolishing it later on? If it is wrong, is not a compromise out of place? Is it right to pursue a wrong course that good may come out of it?" (d.) Granting the pasha of the Sulu Islands a yearly salary of $4,000. Is not this worse than catering to monarchism? Who is this pasha? In "Chambers' En-cyclopedia" pasha is thus defined: "A title used in the Ottoman empire, and applied to governors of provinces or military and naval commanders of high rank. The name is said to be derived from two Persian wordsŠpa, foot or support, and shah, rulerŠand signifies the sup- 