AMERICAN SENTINEL. 497 "0 yes. Elijah was translated to heaven without seeing death. Moses was resurrected. When Christ rose from the dead many of the saints rose too, and Paul tells us that when he ascended on high he led a multitude of captives with him. But the great mass of his children are sleeping in the grave, and when he comes he will wake them out of sleep. We which are alive and remain will be changed in a moment into immortal beings, while those who come up from the grave will be raised immortal, in-corruptible." "Well, that seems consistent. It always seemed as though there would be a great distance between those who had lived in heaven for centuries, and the latest corners. It seems to me Enoch, Elijah, Moses, and that multitude will be ahead of all the others. But, mama, how is it that we have thought that we did not die, but that our souls went to heaven?" "Satan started the doctrine when he said, 'Thou shalt not surely die;' and out of it has grown the 'beast' and his 'image.' " "How, mama?" "Self-exaltation is the very foundation of all the in-humanity that has caused man to mourn. And it is out of the idea that man is immortal in himself that systems of pride and torture have originated. The Hindoos teach that the soul goes through millions of years of transmigration before it is fit for heaven. The car of Juggernaut, the throwing of babies in the Ganges, the Chinese worship of the dead, the fires of purgatory, the tortures of the Inquisition, and the seeking to compel men to be righteous by law, all have their logical' start-ing point in the falsehood of Satan, 'Thou shalt not surely die.' " "Why, mama, how is the Inquisition in the doc-trine?" "As a means of saving an undying soul from eternal torture, St. Augustine, one of the old Catholic fathers, said, 'That it was better to persuade men to become Christians that their souls might be saved; but if they would not be persuaded, it was better to compel them even by the employment of torture, so that if they lost this life in a brief torture, they might not spend eternity in the tortures of hell." "But, mama, didn't he know that men were to be saved by faith in God's love, and that no amount of tor-ture would make men believe?" "I'm afraid he did not know God at all. His theory, rooted in Satan's falsehood, encouraged men in tortur-ing the body, that by so doing they might save the soul. This is the outcome of righteousness by law instead of by faith, and all of this satanic scheme is wrapped up in the doctrine that man has an undying soul, that lives on independent of God's love and life." Ł - 4 4 TO OUR PATRONS : 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 8. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will' receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. It paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in principle. ORGAN OF TF111 International Religious hiberty Assoeiation, Published Weekly by Paeifie Press Publishing Go. Single Copy, Per Year, ŁŁ $1.00 Six months, .50 Three " .25 ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York Everr/Day,..... Dishes.     A book containing 184 pages of practical information concerning the healthful prepartion of numerous dishes of all edible grains, fruits, and vegetables. A chapter is devoted to Suggestions for Canning Fruit, which alone is worth the price of the book. There is also a Daily Morning Program of Kitchen Work,includ-ing hints on Economizing Money, Material, and Time; General Suggestions for Economical House-work; Every-day Bills of Fare, and a copious index of the entire work. Bound in board sides and cloth back. PRICE, postpaid, . 85 CENTS. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York City. Kansas City, Mo. Oakland, Cal. SEND FOR CATALOG OF OUR PUBLICATIONS if you have any idea of purchasing. TIME has detracted nothing from the power of God Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., unto salvation, embodied in the gospel. 39 Bond St., New York. 