THE ANtErzicAN SENTINiL. 317 of a union of the churches on what they claim to be the fundamental principles of religion, or Chris-tianity, and in favor of a union of this union with the State. In other words, they are in favor of the union of Churches and the State. In order to successfully disguise designs they claim that they only wish to enact a Sunday law on civil grounds, and that more as a sanitary . regulation than for any other purpose. They very well know that if they should plead for it to be enforced as a religious institution, the whole scheme would be defeated, for the people are rad-ically opposed to such legislation. But every-one who is working for the Sunday law from a civil standpoint, ought to know that the- Sunday is an eccleSiastical institution, and that to enforce an ecclesiastical institution by civil power is a union of Church and State; whether it be done to " promote," or "protect," the observance of the day as a day of religious worship or not. Every little while this National Reform wolf, clothed in sheep-skin, is disclosed to those who are watching the movement. In a paper before the Senate hearing entitled, " The Relation of Sunday Amusements to Sunday Work," Mr. Crafts said: "Casting out religion from the Sab-bath they cast out rest." Now if they want Sun-day enforced as a day of physical rest, and can-not get the rest without religion, and have to call on the civil power to enforce the rest, what else is it but the State enforcing religion by law? And what would you call that but a union of Church and State? E. HILLIARD. Duluth, Minn. Sunday-Law-Logic. OF all that passes for logic the Sundaylaw arguments excel in contradictory assertions; no-tice some of the inconsistencies 1. They claim, as stated above, that protection is their object, and yet offer a bill enforcing the day upon all, containing no provision for its real protection. 2. They explicitly claim that they are trying to secure merely a civil Sabbath, but their own bill squarely contradicts them by saying, " the religious observance of the day." 3. That bill is upheld on a health basis, but the " religious observance " clause proves them guilty of deception. 4. Then the bill is to close the saloons, but the same "religious" specification, together with the entire absence of any mention of liquors or sa-loons, condemns that claim ; the bill pays no at-tention to liquor; its hold is upon every individ-ual in the land; it is easier to close every saloon in America forever than to pass this religious bill, but they would rather have the bill and bid the liquor traffic Godspeed. 5. After disclaiming any intention of enforcing Sunday as a religious day, they appeal to the church to support the fourth commandment; here is another inconsistencyŠthat command-ment sanctifies the seventh day; everybody knows that Sunday is the first, and sanctified nowhere in the Bible. 6. They wish to put this government's laws on a Christian basis, when Christ commanded that civil and divine homage be paid to separate powers.ŠMoral and Scientific Companion. IN proportion as the ecclesiastics became co-legislators, heresies became civil crimes, and liable to civil punishments.ŠDean Evangelical Alliance. THE following is the program of subjects for the national meeting of the Evangelical Alliance at Boston, December 4 to 6 :Š Opening Address, Welcome Address, From Washington to Boston, Devotional Exercises, The Needs of the City, The Needs of the Rural Districts, The Mountain Whites of the South, General Discussion, Needs of the Times and the Alliance Methods, Christian Co-operation in Awakening and Directing the Moral Sentiment of the Community, General Discussion, Christian Co-operation in Relation to Moral Legislation, (a) Its Enactment, (b) Its Enforcement, The Need of Permeating Our Developing Civilization with the Spirit of Christ, Christianity and the State, Our Debt and Duty to the Immigrant Popula-tion, French Canadians in the United States, Slavonic Populations in the United States, Arous-ing and Training the Activity of the Laity, Need of an Enthusiasm for Humanity on the Part of the Churches, Need of Personal Contact between Christians and Non-ch urch-goers. The invitation to attend is extended to all who are interested. Ministerial associations, colleges, and theological seminaries are especially invited to send representatives.  Ł -.. Cardinal Gibbons Heard from Again. IN their blind zeal for a Sunday law the American Sunday Union and Woman's Christian Temperance Union cannot see that they are just playing into the hands of Rome. What a glo-rious victory they thought they had when Car-dinal Gibbons indorsed their Sunday-Rest bill, and yet it was just what Pope Leo XIII. ex-horted all his subjects to do in his Encyclical published in 1885. We will quote :Š "All Catholics must make themselves felt as active elements in daily political life in the countries where they live. They must penetrate wherever possible in the administration of civil affairs; must constantly exert the utmost vigilance and energy to prevent the usage of liberty from going beyond the limits fixed by God's law. All Catholics should do all in their power to cause the constitutions of States and legis-lation to be modeled to the principles of the true church." But 'says one, "What has this Sunday law to do with modeling legislation to the principles of the Catholic Church ?" We answer, " Very much." Sunday as a day of rest is not based upon the law of God, and is purely a traditional observance, and an institution of the Roman Catholic Church. After having read a copy of Cardinal Gibbons' letter indorsing the Sunday-Rest bill, the writer wrote to the Cardinal in re-gard to his position on the Sunday institution and received the following reply:Š CARDINAL'S RESIDENCE, 408 N. Charles St. , Baltimore, Md., Oct. 3,1889. DEAR MR. FRANKE : At the request of His Eminence the Cardinal, I write to assure you that you are cor-rect in your assertion that Protestants in observing the Sunday are following, not the Bible, which they take as their only rule of action, but the tradition of the church. I defy them to point out to me the word Sunday in the Bible ; if it is not to be, found there, and it cannot be, then it is not the Bible which they follow in this particular instance, but tradition, and in this they flatly contradict themselves. The Catholic Church changed the day of rest from the last to the first day of the week, because the most memorable of Christ's works were accomplished on Sunday. It is needless for me to enter into any elab-orate proof of the matter. They cannot prove their point from Scripture; therefore, if sincere, they must  acknowledge that they draw their observance of the Sunday from tradition, and are therefore weekly con- tradicting themselves. Yours very sincerely, M. A. REARDON. The reader will notice here that Cardinal Gib-bons, in indorsing the Sunday-Rest bill, virtu-ally consented to force Protestants to weekly con-tradict themselves, and was perfectly consistent with Pope Leo's Encyclical. How is this, Brother Crafts? do you believe what Cardinal Gibbons and the 7,200,000 Catho-lics have to say? If not, why not ? We would suggest that the American Sunday Union pin a copy of this letter to the one re-ceived by Mr. Crafts indorsing the Rest bill, and keep it for reference. Mrs. Bateham, and National Reformers, please make a note of this. E. E. FRANKE. How Do the Methods Compare? COMPLAINT has been made by friends of the Sunday-law petitions that those who circulated the petition against all Sunday laws, have obtained signatures by misrepresentations, or, in other words, have beguiled the unwary. That the in-dividuals signed it is not denied, but it is claimed that they were unduly influenced ; they were told that the petition was all right, or that it was what it was not, and so were induced to sill it. That there have been such instances as this may be true, as claimed, but all who obtained even one signature on a false representation of the object of the petition, did so contrary to the instructions of those at the head of the work. But there is not one single individual who signed the petition against Sunday laws and legislation tending to union of Church and State, but what had the right and privilege of knowing just what the petition was, and what was its object, before he attached to it his name. He alone is responsible for signing the petition. We do not by this excuse wrong methods of obtaining signatures. Wrong is not right nor ever will be. God forbid that evil should be done that good may follow. But this is true, that even though it be admitted that wrong methods were used, the individual had the right and privilege of knowing what he was signing. The wording of the petition was in no way obscure or ambiguous. But admitting that wrong methods were used in circulating the counter-petitions to Sunday laws, contrary to instructions, which is the worse method that or to write the names of men, women, and children, or their equivalent, and count them all as favoring the Sunday-rest-law petition, when many of them did not know that the petition was being circulated, or what it was, and others were opposed to it. In the anti-Sunday-law petition all Whose names appear had both the right and privi-lege, at the worst, of knowing what they were giving their influence for; in the Sunday-law petitions they had the right but were not granted the privilege. A few church members voted for a whole church, . oftentimes when members of the church were op-posed to the Sunday law. Representative bodies as regards denominational work indorsed these petitions for thousands whom they did not repre-sent on this question any more than on the tariff question. Ministers in these various denomina-tions have openly opposed the Sunday-law peti-tions, and thousands of intelligent members have, knowing what they were doing, signed the opposing petition. Many times minorities indorsed the Sunday-law petition for majorities, the vote being put at some evening prayer-meeting when but few were present. 