88 AAINIFEICAINT  VoL. 9, No. 11. NEW YORK, MARCH 15, 1894. 12t'' ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. No one who reads the decision rendered in the Judefind case, published elsewhere, can fail to see its distinctively religious character. As to the specious plea made that in commanding the observance of Sunday " the legislature has not in any way interfered with their religious liberty, or with their worship of God in such manner as they think most acceptable to him," read the tract, published by the International Religious Liberty Associa-tion, entitled " Our Answer," and its fal- lacy will be made immediately apparent. Ł THE decision of the Appellate Court of Illinois, in its final disposition of the Cling-man World's Fair injunction suit, enjoin-ing the Fair management from closing the gates on Sunday, is that Judge Stein's Court had no jurisdiction in the matter. Of this the Christian Reformer says :Š Christian citizens must be blind if they fail to see how this injunction case demonstrates the necessity of an authoritative and undeniable constitutional basis for Sabbath laws and all such distinctively Christian institutions of our Government. . . . Of all the practical arguments for the Christian amendment of our national Constitution, this Cringman injunction suit is the strongest that can be urged. . . . Let the attitude of the nation in all its courts and laws, toward the Sabbath and the Lord of the Sabbath, be so clearly defined by a constitutional acknowledgment that all such trickery will be hereafter impossible. The arrogance of this . demand for Church control over the State is suggest-ive of the manner in which it will be en-forced when once the dignitaries of the Church militant feel sure of their seats on the bench of the religious court-martial. Ł THE opinion of the court in the Judefind case, lately rendered in the Court of Ap-peals of Maryland, is reprinted on another page, from the Daily Record, of Balti-more. It is due to the counsel in this case, James T. Ringgold, Esq, to state that the appeal had been taken before he was called in to defend it, and the time had then passed for the issuance of a writ of certiorari, and the case was carried up by petition in the nature of a writ of error. This being so, it was Mr. Ringgold's con-tention that, tie want of jurisdiction being apparent on the fade of the proceedings, no special form of pleading was necessary to call attention to it. This decision is not a surprise, because of the previously known views of the Chief justice who had already heard the cases of Baker, Bryan, Marvel, and ethers, of Maryland, in the lower court. There is an interesting point, however, in the definite holding, not pre-Tiovsly made, that unless certain points  of practice are followed, the question of validity of proceedings in the court below, though apparent on the face of the pro-ceedings themselves, cannot be considered in the appellate court. Thus this decision makes it still more difficult for those who do not or can not employ counsel, and from the opening of their cases, to obtain the proper offices of the courts. It is in-teresting to note that in this decision as in that of Judge Hammond, in the King case, and that of Justice Brewer, of the United States Supreme Court, that " this is a Christian nation," the religious por-tion of the opinion is a dictum of the court, not necessarily involved in the technical decision itself. PETITION'S are being presented to Con-gress which the Congressional Record describes as "in favor of an amendment to the Constitution recognizing the Deity," and " favoring an amendment to the pre-amble of the Constitution recognizing the kingship of Christ on the nations of the world, and the Bible as the basis of moral legislation." Very soon, probably, Congress will be flooded with this style of petition in greater quantities even than for the Sunday closing of the World's Fair. Is it not time for those, who thought and said that the demand for religious legislation was but an evanescent craze, to see their error and come out openly with the honest opposition which they have privately expressed ? THE Mail and Express is editorially roused over the consolidation of a Catholic parochial school and the Riverside public school, West End, Pittsburg, by which the Sisters of Mercy, heretofore teaching in the parochial school, are transferred to the public school, with their peculiar re-ligious garb and tenets. This the Mail and Express says will make this public school " distinctively a Romanist school." True! But the Mail and Express should have thought of this before. Such a fusion does certainly make a Romanist school. But such a thing is only consist-ent with .what has gone before. There has been a fusion with Roman Catholicism in the enforcement of Sunday observance and religious law which has made this a Romanist country. The Mail and Express should be consistent and repudiate it all. IN the trial of Messrs. McCutchen. and Keck for Sunday work, in Gainesville, Ga., Mr. Keck said to the jury:Š GENTLEMEN OF THE JURY: I am happy to-day to stand here as a representative of my Saviour. It is not that you are trying me here to-day for what I have done; for the Lord, with whom I have become ac-quainted, has said, " Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto inc." It is the Lord, the Saviour of mankind, who is on trial here. I thank him that he has said, "No man can serve two masters." One master, the Roman Catholic Church says, You keep Sunday, and you will show allegiance to me. The Lord says, Keep the seventh day as the Sabbath, and you will show allegiance to me. I bow in obedience to the Lord;  and if he wishes me to suffer for exercising my right to work on the first day of the week, I am perfectly willing to do it. In the course of his address to the jury the prosecuting attorney referred to this in these words :Š Mr. Keck says he is not on trialŠthat it is the Lord who is on trial. If that is so, gentlemen, I ask you to acquit the Lord right now. If we are prosecuting the Lord, I ask you to let him loose. But if this prosecu-tion is against Keck and McCutchen and they violated the law, what will you have to say ? that they shall not be convicted ?ŠNol it is your duty to do it. They may think they represent the Lord, I don't say they do not, but I do say we cannot bother with the Lord by criminal indictment. From these extracts it will be evident that in this case the actual issue was raised. THE telegraphic news contains this item :Š CHICAGO, ILL. ŠThe Seventh Infantry Regiment of the National Guard, which is composed of men of all denominations, has been ordered by the commanding officer to attend the service of St. Patrick's day at St. Mary's Roman Catholic Church in uniform and with side arms. - The service is to include the first military mass cele-brated in the United States in many years. The order is strongly criticised by the Protestant members of the regiment. The claim has been made that the Ro-man Catholics are in the majority in many of these military organizations. If this be true, and it be also true that the minority must bow to the rule of the majority in religious things, why then are these Protestant members objecting ? THE Ancient Order of Hibernians, and other Irish Catholic societies of Brooklyn, have asked the mayor of that city to hoist the green flag over the Brooklyn City Hall on St. Patrick's day. A. considerable delegation interviewed the mayor on bite subject, and this is part of the IN .w York Sun's report of what was said :Š Miles F. McPartland then followed in a brief argu-ment, much after the style of Mr. O'Donnell. Mayor Schieren cut him off by asking what he should do if some person came and asked him to put up a flag in celebration of Martin Luther. Mr. O'Donnell replied that such a celebration would smack of religion. " Wasn't St. Patrick a religious man ?" demanded the mayor. MR. O'DONNELL. ŠSt. Patrick was not only a reli-gious man, but he broke the chains of paganism and slavery. MAYOR SCHIEREN. ŠWhat has this country to do with this question, anyhow ? I have not made up my mind, but I will give no preference to anybody. Just as one delegate reached the door, he turned back, and, looking straight at the mayor, said: "Mr. Hewitt did the same thing once in New York." "Mr. Hewitt has nothing to do with me," was the mayor's parting shot. Such straws as this have a very apt suggestiveness when it is remembered that the next time Mr Hewitt ran for mayor of New York, after his collision with the Catholic societies, he was defeated. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per, 'year, - - 90c 25 to 99 " " " " - - - 80c 100 to 249 " " " " 41 ". - The ll 250 to 499 " " " " " - - - 70c 500 to 999 " " " " - - 65c 1000 or more " " " "- 60c To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 4.3 Bond Street, New York City. 