"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT." Jesus Christ. VOLUME 14. NEW YORK, MAY 25, 1899: NUMBER 21. Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional. fiGrAny one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Postoffice.) POLITICS and popery naturally flourish in the church together. Jr the pulpit is losing its power, it is not because the gospel has lost any of its power. CIVIL government cannot be carried into the sphere of religion without antagonizing the work of the gospel. ot WHOEVER sets aside human rights sets aside the God who instituted them; and whoever sets God aside does not move God, but only sets himself aside from God. THERE is something wrong when men show more deference to the demands of a Sunday law than to the principle of the Golden Rule. .4 .4 THE "civil" sabbath acknowledges both the civil power and religion as its parents, and hence proclaims itself the child of that evil unionŠchurch and state. Is GOD made the Sabbath by resting on the seventh day, and the Sabbath is his rest, there can be no real Sabbath rest without God; and as no human law can affect God, it is plain that no human law can help any p erson to secure Sabbath rest. SOME people professing to be Christians are more disturbed by an act some other person does which is con-trary to their opinions of right, than by a spirit of hatred and revenge in their own hearts. .4 .4 THE "best people in the world"Šthe religious people Šare the very ones who are fitted to do and are doing the worst thing in politics; that is, forming a union of church and state. The best emperors of pagan Rome were the ones who most rigorously persecuted the Chris-tians; and the more religious the people who engage in politics, the more danger is there that religion will be advanced by political means, and the church become united with the state. If the "best people" had kept out of politics, and let the "worst people" run politics, that worst of all thingsŠthe union of church and stateŠwould never have been in civil government. WarŠThe True and the False Estimate. VERESTOHAGIN is a Russian artist who paints war scenes so horribly real that rulers and generals do not like to have either the soldiers or the people see the pictures, lest they refuse to go to war. This artist has been in battle himself, and fought so well as to be hon-ored with the highest military decoration known to Russia. This man who has been in it, who knows so well exactly what it is, and who can so powerfully repro-duce it on canvas, thus defines war:Š " War is the loss of all human sense; under its influ-ence men become animals entirely. The artist looks al-ways for passion, and passion is seen at its height on the battle-field. . . . Every hour war brings some-thing new, something never seen before, something out-side the range of ordinary human life: it is the reversal of Christianity." And yet to-day in the United States, actually the great majority of professed ministers of the gospel hold 