324 AMERICAN SENTINEL. and appreciated only in the light of the knowledge of God. Of what use;  is it to the country that men of all classes from plutocrats to .populists prate and dispute about these things, without ever arriving at an agree-ment? Of what use is it that politicians declaim about the virtues of political theories and promise prosperity that does not come? How long will it take to usher in prosperity upon the nation by way of money "trusts" and labor "trusts ?" How long will prosperity be in emerging from the clash of contending " combines," all embodying the spirit of selfishness and hatred? A long time, we venture to say. In the literature of Scripture, "liberty, equality and fraternity" mean something. They are there used in no selfish sense. To his followers Jesus said, "Ye know that the princes of the Gentiles exercise dominion, over them, and they that are great exercise authority upon them. But it shall not be so among you; but whosoever will be great among you, let him be your minister; and whoso-ever will be chief among you, let him be your servant." It is the theory of government in the United States that;  those in the chief positions are the servants of the people; but their practical attitude as well as the attitude of the people toward them,, is more suggestive of the position of "honored ruler" than of that of servant. The actual exemplification, of the theory is not found in any depart-ment of the Government. It never was seen in the Gov-ernment. It never existed anywhere outside of the Chris- Ł tian church. Again, Jesus said: "Be not ye called Rabbi; for one is your Master, even Christ, and all ye are brethren." And to the same end the Apostle Paul wrote to the church at Corinth : "For who , maketh thee to differ from an-other? and what hast thou that thou didst not receive? now if thou didst receive it, why dost thou glory as if thou hadst not received it ? " Here is the doctrine of the equality of all men; and when this doctrine was, enunci-ated in the Declaration of Independence and embodied .in the national Constitution, it was not a product of the human intellect, but a principle of divine government, as old as Christianity itself. This divine principle of government cannot be worked out on a selfish basis, but only on the basis of Christian-, ity. This is the trouble with its application to human governments. Men are willing enough to adopt the theory that all men are created equal and are endowed by their Creator with unalienable rights; but for the most part they do this from a selfish motive. When this prin-ciple was appealed to and adopted by the.people of this nation, they were seeking to defend themselves from the tyranny of an English. king. They sought liberty, not for an oppressed people in. Europe or Asia, but for them-selves, and in proportion as the nation grew strong and ceased to feel the need of defense against an opposing power, the people relaxed their hold upon their liberties, and the change which Thoinas Jefferson foresaw became a reality. Having liberty for themselves, securely, 'as'  they supposed, the people became absorbed in the occu-pations of gain, and their guardianship of liberty was re-laxed. They held the precious boon in selfishness, and by selfishness they have well-nigh lost it. But how can it beheld in any other,  way? The question can be answered only by the gospel of God. "What things soever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them." "Let this mind be in you, which was also in Christ Jesus, who being in the form of God, . . . made himself of no reputation, and took upon him the form of a servant, and was ma de in the likeness of men." "Look not every man on his own things, but every man also on the things of others." Phil. 2:4-7. "Let no man seek his own, but every man another's wealth." 1 Cor. 10:24. This is God's method, and this is the example set by Him who was equal with God. And in proportion as. God is in men, they will adhere to this rule; they will hold the principle that all men are created equal and are endowed with equal rights,--not for their own benefit, but for the benefit of their fellows. The trouble is that God is not to any great extent in the hearts of men to-day. They will not let Him into their hearts; they have driven Him almost out of their hearts. And when He is out there is, only selfishness left, and selfishness means bad men, and bad men means bad government. A government cannot long rise above the level of the people by whom it is administered. If there is to be a better government in the United States.Šif we are to have prosperity in place of the hard times,Šthere must be an improvement in the people themselves. 'The Government cannot improve itself; the Government cannot improve the people. But the people can improveŁ themselves by allowing the divine principle of unselfishness to come into their hearts and rule their lives. The great question is, Will they do it? And this means, for each individually, Will /do it? Sunday Baseball in Iowa. IT is reported that the Iowa legislature has under-taken to suppress Sunday baseball in that State, by a bill which prohibits all persons from engaging in that game on Sunday, with the exception of observers of the seventh day. We do not think the latter will be likely to take any advantage of this exemption, for they are not noted as players of baseball, either on Sundays or other days. But the fact that the exemption is made on religious grounds,Šthat is, the observance of another day as the SabbathŠgives the law itself a religious stamp. It would certainly be most inconsistent to allow a game of baseball on Sunday by observers of the seventh day, and at the same time prohibit the like exhibition on the part of other classes of people. As an exchange re-marks, "A Seventh-day Baptist inshoot,' or an Advent-ist ',home run,' must be just as disturbing to the peace 