"Corrupted freemen are the worst of slaves." VOLUME OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, APRIL, 1887. NUMBER 4. 1-42e din2eFicaq Seqtiqel. PUBLISHED MONTHLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHINGCOMPANY. OAKLAND, CAL. Entered at the Post-office  in Oakland. THE National Reformers are justly alarmed at the growth of Socialism in this country, and they fancy that legislation will prove a sovereign remedy. But Professor R. T. Ely, a political economist, says:Š " It is an undoubted fact that modern Social-ism of the worst typo is spreading to an alarming extent among our laboring classes, both foreign and native. I think the danger is of such a character as should arouse the Christian people of this country to most ear-nest efforts for the evangelization of the poorer classes, particularly in large cities. What is needed is Christianity, and the Christian church can do far more than pOlitical econo-mists toward a reconciliation of social classes. The church's remedy for social discontent and dynamite bombs, is Christianity as taught in the'New Testament." But that is a commodity of which National Reformers, at least those who write for the press, seem to be woefully destitute. Lacking that, they are forced to use an inferior and useless weapon. THE Catholic Archbishop, of St. Louis, once said: " Heresy and unbelief are crimes; and in Christian countries, as in Italy and Spain, for instance, where all the people are Catholics, and where the Catholic religion is an essential part of the law of the land, they are punished as other crimes." If heresy and unbelief are crimes against the State, they ought to be punished as other crimes. And when, under National Reform manipulation, this country shall uphold and maintain that which they call "the Christian religion," unbelief and heresy will be crimes in this country, and will be punished as such. The only difference between National Reform and Catholicism is that the former attempts to conceal its intolerant spirit, while the latter boasts of it. Ł Ł IN his Lenten letter of March, 1873, Bishop Gilmour (Catholic) said: " Nationalities must be subordinate to religion." The Rev. S. W. Foster said in the Statesman, March, 1884, The State and its sphere exist for the sake of, and to serve the interests of, the church." Who knows but that Mr. Foster learned his National Reform principles from.Bishop Gil-mour? What Is the Harm? WHEN the cry of warning is raised against adopting the proposed Religious Amendment to our National Constitution, we are met with the query, What is the harm? If this is a Christian nation, why not say so? Or, seeing that it is desirable that it shall become a Christian nation, if there is the least hope that we can effect such a desirable object by changing the Constitution, and thereby the form of our Government, why not do so ? And if Christ is really the King of nations, the King of our nation, why not acknowledge him in the " fundamental law of the land " ? - All this appears very harmless and very plausible, to some, but we emphatically say, not to us. We think there is danger in the scheme. This is not a Christian nation ; and no constitutional provisions, general elections, or legislative enactments, will ever make it a Christian nation. Any legal declaration that we are a Christian nation would be sheer mockeryŠa legal falsehood. And, as a Script-ure fact, Christ is not yet constituted king of nations. We propose to show, next month, that the arguments of National Reformers on this subject are inconsistent, and contrary to the Bible. Their confident assertions are based on misapprehensions of the present po- sition of Christ, and of the nature of his me- di atori al work. The theory of " National Reform," as now advocated in our country, is the doctrinal the-ory of the Reformed Presbyterian Church. This their teachers openly avow. Now, they may suppose that they, as prime movers in the scheme, will have the highest seats in " the coming kingdom." But we predict, and we think with safety, that they will be sadly dis-appointed. There is another church power, holding the same theory, which is far in ad-vance of them in every way, as far as con- cerns any prospect of religio-political prefer-ment. Of course we refer to the Catholic Church. Our zealous Reformers may scout this idea, bUt we have good reasons for our belief. 1. The Reformers are perfectly willing to unite with the Catholics in their effort to change our Constitution. This has been a plea of the Catholics for a long time, as some of them have said in conversations on the future of our country and of their church. The Reformers laud the Catholics for their Church and State principles. The Christian Statesman said:Š " We cordially, gladly, recognize the 'fact that in South American Republics, and in France, and other European countries, the Ro-man CatholicS are the recognized advocates  of National Christianity, and stand opposed to all the proposals of secularism." Of course, and why not ? Is not the Pope Šthe head of the churchŠ" higher than the kings of the earth "? Has not " power over the nations" been committed to him? And this shows what grade of Christianity.  will be satisfactory to these Reformers, if only it be " National,"Šsuch Christianity as Rome has upheld in South America, in France, and other European countries, as Spain, Italy, and Aus- tria, and in Mexico. It is the Christianity of persecution, of the Inquisition, of the auto da fe, of the extermination of heretics or dis-senters. It is Church and State, the State subordinated to the Church. Catholics have always been firm in the faith of the modern Reformers, that " the State and its sphere ex-ist to serve the interest of the Church." The history of the Romish Church is replete with illustrations of the principles of the National Reformers ! Call up the millions of martyrs, and they will testify that the Catholic Church has been, for centuries, a most powerful advo- cate and administrator of National Christian- ity! The Statesman further says:Š "In a world's conference for the promotion of National Christianity, many countries could be represented only by Roman Catholics." Yes, Spain, for instance. In that highly-fa-vored kingdom, where National Christianity has flourished and held undisputed sway for many centuries, there could hardly be found a Protestant to raise his voice in its favor. It is "represented only by Roman Catholics." And a further reason is, that Protestants are exceedingly scarce in that country, for, in al-most every part of the kingdom, National Christianity is so highly successful that peo-ple can only avow their dissent at the peril of their lives. And the Catholic Church is cor-dially, gladly, recognized as the advocate and representative of National Christianity by the National Reformers of America, who take de-light in avowing themselves as the ardent op- posers of Church and State! Consistency has no place in that association. Rome is politic; she is persistent, but she knows how to "bide her time." She is rather coy when other bodies make advances; and she never makes advances to them. She is too self-assured for that. What are the prob-abilities for the future? The Reformers have answered the question. Rev. Sylvester F. Scovel is one of the ablest of the modern Re-formers. We have considered him ono of the coolest and most conservative. Speaking of the common interest of the great religious bodies to uphold Sunday-keeping by law, he said:Š 