210 THE __AMERICAN SENTINEL. admission, namely, that if Christ is king there must be a premier. It is not pre-tended that Christ is to reign in person, as a result of the adoption of the National Reform scheme, but only that the govern-ment will be administered in his name and in accordance with his law. Of course there must in that event be a premier, or a vicegerent of the Son of God. Why may he not as well be a Covenanter as a Pres-byterian, or a Methodist, or even some colorless sort of an individual ready to be any or all of these for power ? Or why not be satisfied with the Pope who has for cen-turies styled himself, Vicarius filii Dei, " Vicegerent of the Son of God " ? Is there room in the world for two popes ? The Voice of Organized Labor. THE members of the American Feder-ation of Labor are petitioning Congress in the following language :Š To the Congress of the United States: The undersigned members of industrial organ-izations, citizens of the United States, and intend-ing visitors to the World's Columbian Exposition at Chicago in 1893, respectfully request your honor-able body to consider the matter of our petition. We do not think it right or wise, even if it be allowed under our Constitution, that the United States Congress impose conditions either as to keep-ing open or closing on Sundays the World's Colum-bian Exposition to be held in 1893. The question touches too closely on religious ob-servances and the rights of the individual man, and we respectfully protest against it. A visit to the Exposition, and a view of the arts and handicrafts of the people of the world, can only tend to ennoble the visitor, enlarge his intel-ligence, and broaden his sympathetic nature, whether such visit be made on Sunday or any day of the week. Should the Exposition be 'closed on Sunday, to many of us its advantages would be entirely lost; and we respectfully submit that the deprivation would fall most heavily upon those who most need the great benefits that the Exposi-tion is so well calculated to furnish. We respectfully and urgently request that our petition may be granted. And your petitioners will ever pray. In reference to this, and indorsing it, the Switchmen's Journal publishes this letter :Š AMERICAN FEDERATION Os' LABOR. Headquarters, 14 Clinton Place, New York. To the Trade and Labor Unions of the United States of America : FELLOW-WORKERS: A movement has been started by some well intentioned people seeking to influence Congress to order that the World's Fair at Chicago in 1893 shall be closed on Sunday's. As American citizens, as wage-workers,we main-tain that Congress would exceed its powers should it undertake to legislate upon questions of this character; that the Government of the United States is non-sectarian. As a matter of fact the days the wage-workers will have the best opportunity to visit the World's Fair will be on Sundays. A visit to the World's Fair, an examination of the product of the genius of man, can not tend to demoralize or deprave. A visit to the Exposition and a view of the arts and handicrafts of the peoples of-all nations can only tend to ennoble the visitor, enlarge the sphere of his intelligence and broaden his sympathetic na-ture. There is no idea nor thought for the desecra-tion of the Sabbath, but we insist that Congress shall refrain from legislating upon a subject en-tirely foreign to its sphere. The toiling masses have not so much leisure time that they can afford to have this wonderful Exposi-tion closed to them upon one of the days in the week which will best give them an opportunity to visit it. Those of our fellow-workers coming from distant cities, or even those in the City of Chicago and the surrounding parts of the country, will of necessity count Sundays as part of the time they desire to devote to visiting the Fair. For these and many other reasons the executive counsel of the American Federation of Labor have directed the issuance of this circular and accom-panying petition. We ask that you endeavor to procure the signatures of the members of your union and such other workmen as are in accord with the spirit of the circular and petition, and  who are opposed to Congress closing the Fair on Sundays. The petition after being signed should be forwarded to the congressman of your district at Washington, D. C. Earnestly hoping that all will act with earnest-ness and sincerity to maintain the character of our Government, and at the same time to secure the boon of an opportunity to visit the World's Fair in 1893, we are, Fraternally yours, EXECUTIVE COUNCIL, American Federation of Labor. SAM'L. GOMPERS, President. It is worthy to be noticed that the tone of this petition, and the letter in its be-half to the different unions, is most con-siderate in that which is asked, and char-itable in its reference to those whom it opposes. Those who are bringing every influence, and all the compulsion they can compass, to bear upon Congress for action to arbitrarily close the World's Fair on Sunday should observe this, and note the fact that here Congress is not asked to declare that the Exposition shall be open, but only that it shall not go outside of the proper sphere of congressional action. The boast of the American Sabbath Union that the labor organizations are in favor of enforced Sunday closing of the Fair is, by this, proved idle; and the plea of Elliott F. Shepard, before the Com-mittee on the World's Fair, at Washing-ton, is shown to be specious and deceptive when he implies that the American Fed-eration of Labor favors Sunday closing 'of the Fair, by act of Congress, because at its Convention in Birmingham, Ala., in 1891, it resolved " that one day's rest in seven is a moral, physical, and econom-ical necessity ; and wages are lower in those locations and countries where the seven day labor system prevails." If such a thing can be true that the American- Sabbath Union--and its inem-bers can not see how those two positions can be compatible, they should undertake a little elementary mental and moral train-ing, and develop their perceptive and dis-criminative faculties to a point where they will not be dominated entirely by precon-ceived opinion and prejudice. W. H. M. The Sunddy Closing. SENATOR VEST recently presented a pe-tition, or rather a protest, against keeping the World's Fair open on Sunday, the signers threatening to boycott each and every senator and member of the House who might vote against it. The petition was mainly signed by clergymen, and was referred to the Committee on World's Fair, Senator Vest remarking that he would vote on the question without re-gard to the petition or its signers. The remark was unnecessary from the senator, but was no doubt the expression of honest indignation at the means proposed to ac-complish an end against which a large majority of the people protest. In the World's Fair bill offered by Judge Lindsay in the Kentucky Senate, the Sunday closing provision was inserted by him, according to the Capital, " simply because the preachers of the State sent word that, unless it was done, they would use their utmost -endeavors to defeat the bill." It is written, arid in a book with which the clergy should be more familiar than the laity, both as to letter and spirit, that men may not do evil that good may re-sult; and even if it were not so written, natural justice would impel a line of con-duct based upon the principle. The good, in fact, which results from wrong action,  is not good in its real meaning, but simply a standard of good arbitrarily de-fined by a few, having power neither over the bodies of men nor over the right of free thought comnion to all; that species of good which is embraced in the idea that my good is good and your good un-paralleled wickedness, and therein con-travening every law of morals laid down by Hebrew, pagan and Christian moral-ists. The right of petition is denied to no man, fortunately, in these United States, nor in any one of them, whether couched in the form of prayer or of protest; but nowhere is the right of threatening ex-pressed or implied, and the protests to the Federal Senate and the Kentucky Senate are far worse in principle, and altogether more un-American and more dangerous to free thought and free action, within the law, than the opening of the World's Fair on Sunday could possibly be. Happily neither Federal nor State Gov-ernment is freer to one more than to another; but if legislation is to be coerced by threats, and especially by the cowardly threat of boycotting a legislator because he proposes to vote as he believes he ought to vote on questions affecting the public at large, and that method is to prevail, as it did in the Legislature, the written guar-antees of civil liberty will become abso-lutely worthless. Legislation coerced by threat is no better than legislation pur-chased 'by bribery. The means differ, but the end and object are the same.ŠKen-tucky Journal. Jesus, the Church, And the World's JESUS AND THE '''ONVENTIONAL RE1;144IQN OF HIS AGE. ONE of the most certain and invariable signs of the passage of the soul or vital life from a religion, is the persistent ele-vation of the external which its votaries exhibit. The exterior, the form, rite, dogma,Šin a word the shell,Šis adored and extolled, as though it indeed were the real essence or being. Thus, when Jesus came with a heart song for the world, he was assailed as being a Sabbath-breaker, as a disturber of conventional religious truth, and as one who spake against the temple, which of course typed the shell of Judaism; while on the other hand, from the kindled indignation of Jesus, usually the very incarnation of gentleness and love, there flamed his most withering denunciation against those who sought to elevate the letter of the law; those who would use coercive force; those who sought to externalize religion, or join it to State or secular power. To the charge that he was a Sabbath-breaker he replied, " The Sab-bath was made for man, not man for the Sabbath;" a great truth which religious bigotry in all ages has sought to obscure. Upon those who endeavored to hide the poverty of religion,in their souls with long prayers, broad phylacteries, and religious ostentation, Jesus pronounced his terrible woes and denunciations. In a word, the one central truth which the great Nazar-ene, by word, precept, and life, strove to impress upon the hearts of all who' should in after ages follow him, was that religion, as he understood and taught it, was a lamp for the illumination and salvation of *Editorial from July Arena. 