AMERICAN SENTINEL. 147 Sunday newspapers, and municipal legislation should be had in the matter, if necessary. 7. The excuse of closed church doors in the summer months should be removed from those who are not dis-posed to Sunday observance. 8. Christians should not maintain Sunday excursion trains and other Sunday traffic at camp-meetings and other outdoor services. 9. The citizens of Lancaster protest against any Sunday selling of liquor in hotels, and against any change in the Sunday law of the State, except the imposition of a heavier penalty for its violation. The discussion of these resolutions developed that variety of opinion respecting the nature and obligation of the Sabbath which is the necessary result of the lack of Scripture and logic behind the first-day institution. The Sabbath being an institution of divine origin and of universal and perpetual obligation, could not possibly have experienced a transfer from the seventh to the first day of the week. It stands in the very bosom of the im-mutable precepts of the Decalogue. Its very basis is the resting of God upon a particular day, and His blessing of the same. The assumption that it can be changed from that particular day to another day which God neither rested upon nor blessed, and which therefore af-fords no basis for the Sabbath, is a starting point from which men's minds can progress only further and further from the truth, and arrive only at the most divergent conclusions. A number of things were said by the different speak-ers which will not harmonize with the idea of enforced "sabbath" observance. The president, Rev. Mr. Fry, said that the rock on which the Sabbath day stands is not political expediency nor physical necessity, but religious principle. But what would become of the movement for Sunday enforcement if the plea of political expediency and physical necessity could not be urged in its support? Rev. Mr. Hayes said that the Sabbath calls men to worship, to commune with God. To try to enforce the Sabbath by law, therefore, is to attempt to force men to commune with God. He said also that the claim so fre-quently made that the Sabbath is a Jewish institution is absolutely untrue; and this he proved by conclusive evi-dence. But if the Sabbath is not now a Jewish institu-tion, was it ever such? And if it was never such, what ground in logic or Scripture is there for the phrase "Jew-ish Sabbath" ? , Mrs. Dr.ynderwood said that Sabbath rest and Sab-bath reverence were inseparable, and could not rightfully be divorced. This being true, as it is, any attempt to enforce Sabbath rest by la* must be as improper as an attempt to enforce Sabbath reverence. Rev. J. Y. Mitchell said: "We hear a great deal of talk at sabbath conventions about Sunday papers, trolley cars, etc., but if members of the Church are the elect of God (and I believe they are) we ought not to consider so much what is transpiring outside as within, and I argue  that if every Christian should resolve that henceforth be would keep the Sabbath as it should be observed, it would have ten times as much influence as all the resolu-tions you can spread upon your minute books." It is at the "house of God" that Sabbath reform needs to begin; but the Church, instead of doing her duty in this respect, is calling for laws to inaugurate such a reform among the "heathen" outside her fold. Rev. J. M. Titzel was the only speaker to oppose a Sunday law, and this he did in a vigorous address in which he said that the Church should stand for what is right, and that church members 'should observe the Lord's day because it is right. "Fall back upon the power of law," he said, " and you have nothing upon which to stand. I have no sympathy with the formula-tion- of laws to inculcate morals in the people." Would that all those who stand before the people as ambassadors for Christ might realize that the Sabbath stands in the power of God, supported by His own immu-table law, not one jot or tittle of which can fail while heaven and earth continue. Then they would not be saying to the world, as they do in these "sabbath" con-ventions, that the Sabbath depends for its enforcement upon the fallible, mutable laws of finite man. Ł 4 4 State Interference With the Church. Iv would seem from the following which appears in The Outlook of February 13, that Congregationalism in the State of New York has been very seriously restricted, if not practically abolished, by State legislation recently enacted governing religious corporations :Š "By the 'Religious Corporations Law' passed in 1895, without, so far as we have been able to discover, any knowledge or suspicion on the part of the churches generally, and certainly with a total absence of informa-tion on the subject among nine-tenths of the churches af-fected thereby, Congregationalism has been abolished in the State of New York. "We should have a right to expect in such a law, adopted in a process of codification, simplicity and sys-tem. But these qualities are conspicuously lacking. It is not easy to understand what the Religious Corpora-tions Law of 1895 means, nor what its real effect will be. Certain of its provisions are, however, painfully clear. The distinction between church and society is abolished. All persons of full age who are members in good and reg-ular standing, or who have been stated attendants on divine worship in the church and have regularly contrib-uted to its support for the year next preceding, are made qualified voters at all meetings, spiritual and temporal. At every such meeting the pastor, if present, must pre-side, and in his absence the oldest officer of the church. This presiding officer has the absolute right to receive the votes, be the judge of the qualifications of voters, and declare the result of the votes cast on any matter.' He may keep the polls open at the annual meeting just as long as he likes, so as to give his friends time to drum up absent voters from any quarter; or he can shut them up at the end of one hour, subject only to an appeal to 