208 AMERICAN SENTINEL. American Sentinel. - NEW YORK, MARCH 31, 1898. ARMENIAŠIndiaŠCuba; not very lustrous gems are these in the crown of the nineteenth century. THE terrible and utter destruction which in a moment overtook the great warship "Maine" in Havana harbor, affords the first conspicuous example of the results which will fol-low the use of modern high explo-sives and "improved" implements of warfare. WHILE the people of this country are clamoring for war with Spain on account of her atrocities in Cuba, let them not forget that Spain is a "Christian nation." And who knows but that a union of religion with the state here, might do as much for this country as, it has done for Spain! A CRUSADE for Sunday enforcement was recently begun in the city of Plainfield, N. J. The first Sunday "raid" by the policeresulted in eleven arrests. Three of these pleaded guilty and were fined $5 each, the alterna-tive of paying being twenty days in jail. The others were held for trial. The result was, however, when the matter was tested in court, that the jury disagreed; and the crusade seems likely not to prove the success that was anticipated. BY the signature of the President, recently affixed to the measure giving compensation for war damages to thc Methodist Book Concern of Nash-ville, Tenn., that institution has re-ceived$288,000 which does not belong to it. It is strange that an institu-tion which professes to be established in the interests of Christianity and to rest upon Christian principles, is will-ing to go on record as dishonest be-fore the world. The moral influence of such action must certainly be a minus quantity. It is said, by the way, that $288,000 is more than the entire plant was worth, which was mot destroyed, but only damaged,  by its occupation by the Federal troops. A RESOLUTION against Sunday golf playing was recently voted down in the town of Barnstable, Mass. This led to an agitation of the question of Sunday enforcement, conducted through the local paper, and which, as usual, did not tend to strengthen the claims of Sunday as the proper day for rest and worship. ,ON Sunday, January 9, says the Indian Witness, of Calcutta, there was a collection taken in all the Ro-man Catholic churches and chapels of that city "for the extermination of slavery in America,"Šthis being one of two collections in the year pre-ecribed by the pope. There being no slavery in America save in the Cath-olic portion of it, we are left to won-der at the consistency of taking up a collection in one part of the papal household for the abolition of slavery in another. THE town of Greenport, L. U, is agitated over the question of mail delivery on Sundays. Two promi-nent church workers of the place, it is said, want the post office closed on the ground that some persons go there for mail on Sundays when they ought to go to church. Of course(?) these individuals will go to church as soon as they find that they can-not go to the post-office on Sundays, and especially.when they learn that it was the church that closed the post office against them. ONE can hardly keep track of all the organizations that are springing up these days upon the idea of the en-forced application of the divine law to political and social life. The latest that we have noticed is the "Christian Social Union," the objects of which are: "1. To claim for the Christian law the ultimate authority to rule social practice. 2. To study in com-mon how to apply the moral truths and principles of Christianity to so-cial and economic difficulties of the present time," etc. How difficult it  seems to be for some people to realize that God himself knew of but one way in which the Christian law could be made applicable in a beneficial way to human affairs; and that required of him an infinite sacrifice; that God made this sacrifice in the death of hiS only Son on the cross; and that this one way provided by him is the gos-pel of Jesus Christ ! There is no sal-vation for anything in this world but by the gospel. THE prospect of war between this country and Spain is increased by the "Monroe doctrine," which w ould oblige the United States to protect Cuba against Spain, in case the inde-pendence of Cuba should be recog-nized by the American Government. THAT was not a very conspicuous success which was scored by the W. C. T.U. on the occasion of the launch-ing of the battleship "Kentucky." The W. C. T. U. of the State had in-terposed a strenuous objection to the custom of breaking a bottle of cham-pagne over the bow of the vessel at the launching, and had prevailed upon the governor's daughter, who was chosen to perform the ceremony of "christening," to substitute a bot-tle of water for the customary bottle of liquor. But no sooner had the bottle of water been broken over the ship's bow, than bow and &des were bombarded with innumerable flasks filled with the "genuine article," from the hands of the hundreds of assem-bled Kentuckians, who were bent on being loyal to the traditions of their State. So that never before was a ship's bow so drenched with intoxi-cating liquor on the occasion of a "christening." After all, however, we do not think the W. C. T. U. ought to feel very bad about it. It is a much better way of using up whiskey than to drink it, and as everybody knows the close connection there is between whiskey and fighting, it really seems that no person ° ght to object to such use of it on theground of propriety. The "Kentucky" ought now to become the best fighter in the navy. 