THE AMERICAN SENTIN=EL. 5 to a thousand times greater danger than that which the Senate Committee on Post-offices and Post-roads saw so plainly over sixty years ago, is there not cause to be alarmed lest we lose the priceless boon of religious liberty through the sheer indiffer-ence of the masses, who forget that "eter-nal vigilance is the price of liberty." C. P. B. Pushing the Matter. THE following from the Minneapolis Journal of the 14th ult. is interesting read-ing.  It shows about as plainly as any-thing we ever saw, the temper of the Sun-day-law advocates. They are determined to succeed and will stop at nothing which promises to aid their cause. The Journal says :Š Within the past two weeks leading pas-tors of the city have been in receipt of a paper which outlines a plan whereby it is expected that better Sunday observance will be secured in Minneapolis. The Sun- day newspaper, it will be seen from what follows, is the head and front of the of- fending. This paper is in the nature of a solemn agreement made very binding, and it has already been signed by a large number of leading ministers of the city. The paper, or agreement, put into concise shape, is as follows :Š " In order to correct the misapprehension that there is any difference of opinion among the pastors of this city with reference to the enforcement of Sunday laws, we pledge ourselves to stand by one another in this. "1. We believe in using every right endeavor to bring about an abridgement of Sunday work in the public as well as in the private industries. "2. We are united in demanding persistently and continuously the enforcement of all the laws whatsoever that refer to Sabbath desecration. And this means the closing of Sunday theaters. "3. We pledge ourselves to withhold all patron- age from the Sunday newspaper both in the matter of subscription and advertisement and to persuade our people, in so far as possible, to take the same posi-tion. We do this believing that the Sunday news-paper is the head and front of all offending. " The iron-clad agreement has been signed, as noted, by a large number of ministers of the city. But the signing of this mani-festo is not all that has been done. The evening of the third Sunday in the month of January next has been selected as an occasion upon which the Sunday observ-ance question is to have the biggest cler-ical shaking up in the history of the city. An elaborate plan has been prepared which,  outlined, is as follows :Š A large number of hacks or carriages will be retained and held for duty. Each minister in the city will have one of these three points above noted assigned to him as a text for a short, pithy address. He will make this address in his own church, for instance, will thcii be driven rapidly to another church nearest at hand where he, will repeat the address, and then he will go to another church and another un- til he has used up all the evening's time' Another minister will have another topic and will follow the same plan, and still another the last topic. Thus divided up by threes the ministers will keep moving from one church to another all the even-ing, giving to each congregation as many addresses as possible and all of them red hot. The State organization, which has the matter of Sunday observance in hand, will soon issue the formal call for these meetings. It is the intention of the mov-ers in this affair to attract immense audi-ences to the churches and to give them the most earnest and powerful talks on the subject that the ministers of Minneap-olis can utter. Said a gentleman closely connected with the movement this morn-ing :Š " We mean business. We are going to push this matter. You say that there is a leading orthodox pastor in the city, who, it is reported, likes to read the Sunday paper? All right; just let him refuse to sign this paper then. That's all. Just let him refuse to sign such a paper, and see what effect it would have. I tell you he'll have to come out of the rain." The Illinois Sunday Convention, THE Illinois Sabbath Association held its Convention in Chicago, November 20, 21. It was attended mostly by the leaders of that organization in the State. Dr. Crafts was also present. The attendance was not large aside from these leading men in the movement. The utterances contained nothing spe-cially new in the way of argument. But one could not help being impressed with the thought that as a company of Christian ministers they were calling loudly for civil law to compel Christians to do what it was their duty as Christians to do any way. Dr. Mallernee said much of this work on the Sabbath is performed by church mem-bers, and the pastors do not dare to preach against it. The logic of this statement would seem to teach that the church mem-bers work on Sunday; if the pastors preach against it they will lose their members. Therefore let us have a law to compel everybody to keep Sunday, so our church members may be able to keep it just as well as not, and, so save the pastors the disagreeable task of doing their duty. But if ministers do not now do their duty in this line; and if church members are so sadly remiss in Sabbath keeping, would it not be just as well to labor for the conver-sion of the ministry and church, and not spend so much time trying to make senti-ment that will induce the State to compel Christians to do their supposed religious duties ? The railroads and street cars were es-pecially arraigned- for their Sunday traffic. And one would be almost led to believe that the railroads especially were a curse rather than a blessing because they made room for so much Sunday labor. In regard to these, Dr. Crafts said that the railroads are owned by Christian men, and what we want is something that will quicken their consciences in regard to the sin of Sunday labor. Dr. Delano said in his address that we have ,no Sabbath, and ministers and college presidents are responsible for it. These assertions in regard to Christians, and especially ministers, failing to do their duty were heard from the lips of nearly every man who spoke in the Convention. And we watched closely for the argument that would enable us to see just why it was necessary to ask Congress to compel all to do the duties of a Christian, in order that Christians might do their duty without inconvenience. It must be that they are trying to go in the way of a young man, who in a revival in a small town in Illinois asked the brethren to pray for him that he might "go to heaven on flowery beds of ease." The arguments that are made against this civil Sunday-law movement were spoken of a time or two and said to be un-worthy of notice, but in an evening meet-ing a leading man spent quite a while in endeavoring to answer these objections. He brought them forward one by one and with all the vehement energy of a powerful frame declared them false and really no objections at all. We waited in vain for the argument, but it was not made; to those who can be convinced by assertion his talk was, perhaps, conclusive; but to those wanting facts and arguments his speech would not commend itself. Evi-dently some of the arguments are troubling them and they want to either pass them by in silence or meet them with simple asser-tion and appeal to the sympathies or prejudices of the people. It seemed to us that the most significant statement of the Convention was one made by Dr. Mallernee. He said, "We must rally on the secular side of this question." The secular side he thought would help to carry it through. How unfair for men claiming to be Christians to try to carry a measure in which the real issue is kept in the background, and a subject that can be made popular by appealing to the selfish motives of personal benefit pushed to the front ! These men assert with indignant emphasis that they do not want religious legislation. Oh, no ! But Sunday observ-ance is a doctrine held by the Christian church, and when the Christian clergy inaugurate a movement to secure civil legislation in its favor, and then that move-ment is carried on almost solely by the clergy and various societies of Christians, there is room for strong apprehensions as to what will be the result if it succeeds. If their leaders exhort them to keep the "secular" side to the front, the inevitable conclusion is that they have the religious side in the background. This is the charge we make, and the logic of their own utter-ances is the basis of our charge, and when 