"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. VOLUME 14. NEW YORK, JUNE 8, 1899. NUMBER 23. Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional.  dent that in religion the state cannot do that which would be proper and right for an individual. .4 .4 ter Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay forit. (Entered at the New York Postoffice.) JUSTICE, whether embodied in statute or not, has al-ways the binding force of law. .4 .4 MEN can do nothing to save the Sabbath, but the Sabbath can do much to save men. .4 .4 A SABBATH without religion is a Sabbath without rest; hence Sabbath rest by law is an impossibility. .4 .4  REAL law being always synonymous with justice, to enforce an "unjust law" is to disobey law and enforce anarchy. MORALITY cannot be saved by legality. Not the forms of godliness, but the power of godliness, makes an individual truly moral. THE Sabbath must be preserved not by law, but by its own inherent life. God's Sabbath, like all that God has made which has escaped the taint of sin, is im_ mortal. .4 .4 THE State must not be allowed to profess religion; it is not right that it should do so. If it does, it will want to join the church; and who will say that it should not if it can rightfully profess religion? But when it joins the church, there is a union of church and state, which is always an unmitigated evil. Therefore it is evi- WHILE the state is not a moral personality like the individual, it is yet bound to do that which it was insti-tuted to do; namely, preserve the natural rights of man. Man was created for the glory of God; the state was created for the protection of man in society. Only through force can the state protect society; but only through love can man glorify God. The state cannot glorify God because it cannot love. The state repre-sents man's power, but God does not want man's power. He wants man's love, and by loving God men will work most effectually to preserve peace and uprightness in society. Love to God is the great preventive of the ills of society; and an ounce of this prevention is worth a pound and more of the state's attempted cure. Another Arrest in Georgia. ANOTHER case of arrest for not keeping Sunday is reported from Georgia. In a letter dated at Rome, Ga., May 25, to the SENTINEL, the writer, Mr. J. T. Eaton, says:Š "I was arrested yesterday, tried before a justice of the peace, and bound over to court to appear the 17th of July, to answer to the charge of doing ordinary work on the Sabbath day. It is a case of religious persecu-tion pure and simple." SINCE receiving the foregoing Mr. Eaton has sent us the following letter:Š "Rome, Ga., May 31, 1899. "EDITOR AMERICAN SENTINEL: I came here from In-diana last August to canvass for denominational publi-cations. I have resided where I now live since the 21st of last October. "I have a garden patch, which I rented, that we might produce our own vegetables. I have a wife and three children. 