TI-IF AMERICAN SENTINEL, 237 Sunday closing becomes a sort of bribe to conscience and custom, against interfer-ence on other days. It is strange that temperance reformers can not see this fact. The sooner the friends of Sunday take it out of " politics " the better will be the results for religion and for Sabbathism. This double-headed idea of the " civil, and the religious Sabbath," is just now popular and furnishes a seeming relief from the charge of attempting the union of Church and State, or of Christianity and the State, under which the friends of Sunday legislation wince. But the com-bination is contradictory and meaningless unless the full theocratic ground be as-sumed. Sabbath and Sabbathism arise from religion alone, all else is mere civil rest-day, is practical holidayism. History has settled this question and the verdict will be repeated as often as men choose to try the experiment.ŠThe Sabbath Outlook,. -4- Ł  "A Breath of the Puritan." "THE Sabbath in Puritan New England," is the title of a book by Mrs. Morse Earle which has just been published in London, England., and gives a very extended description of the kind of Sun-day keeping to which many prominent divines are now desirous of returning. One of the most prominent features of the Puritan Sunday was the " tithing-man," a gentleman who paced up and down the church armed with a long pole, one end of which was furnished with a heavy knob, the other with a fox-tail or hare's foot. The hard end was for the benefit of male sleepers, the soft for fe-male. When we remember that the cus-tomary length of the sermon was about three hours, though some of four or five hours long were not uncommon, it can readily be seen that this duty of the tith-ing-man was very necessary. Any man who resented being startled from his nap by the heavy blow of this official was soundly whipped and stigmatized as " a common sleeper at the public exercise." The tithing-man also had to keep in order the boys. Outside the meeting-house he had charge of a large number of families, usually ten, hence his name, and was re-sponsible for the children learning their catechism. He inspected the saloons. He entered private houses to assure himself that no one stayed at home on the " Sab-bath," and hustled up any loiterers. His business was also to see that no one fared too sumptuously (except the preachers); that young men and maidens did not spend too much time together, or do any courting Saturday nights. He was em-powered to stop all Sunday work. He had to keep " a special eye out " on all bachelors, and make their lives as uncom-fortable as possible, that they might pro-tect themselves by a speedy marriage. He " warned people out of ye towne," the " warned having henc,e,forth no claim upon relief from the poor rates." He also had to turn the hour glass on the minis-ter's desk; in fact, his time was taken up in performing the sundry acts of Puritan piety. Many illustrations are given showing the absurd excess to which the Sunday laws were carried and enforced. In 1670 two lovers were punished for " sitting together on the Lord's day under an apple tree in Goodman Chapman's orchard." A Dunstable soldier was fined forty shil-lings for putting a piece of an old felt hat  in his shoe on the " Sabbath." Captain Kemble, a prominent man of Boston, was in 1656 condemned to two hours in the public stocks, for " lewd and unseemly behavior," which consisted in kissing his wife on the door-step, on his return from a three years' voyage. An English sea captain was " soundly whipped " for a like offense. A man who had fallen into the water and absented himself from church to dry his only suit of clothes, was found guilty and " publicly whipped." Smoking on Sunday was forbidden. To stay away from church meant cumulative pecuniary mulct. A severe flogging was inflicted on a man who dared say he was not profited by a certain preacher's dis-courses. To criticise a sermon or the con-duct of a minister meant church disci-pline and a heavy fine, and so forth. And yet the most of these preachers were a most intemperate set. Even their ordination services were scenes of un-seemly revelry. An item from the jour-nal of one reads: " Mr. L. was alert and kept us all merry. A jolly ordination. We lost all sight of decorum." Not only were there " ordination banquets " but "ordination balls." And at such feasts the most astonishing feature was the amount of " punch " that was put away. An ordination feast is thus described by one who was present:Š There were six tables that held one with another eighteen persons each; upon each table a good rich plum pudding, a dish of boiled pork and fowls, a corn'd leg of pork with sauce proper for it, a leg of bacon, a leg of a la mode beef, a leg of mutton with caper sauce, a roast loin of veal, a roast tur-key, a venison pastee, besides cheese cakes and tarts, cheese and butter. Half a dozen cooks were employed upon this occasion, and upwards of twenty tenders to wait upon the tables. They had the best of cider, one barrel of Lisbon wine, punch in plenty before and after dinner, made of old Barbardos spirit. The cost of this moderate dinner was upwards 'of fifty pounds lawful money. And yet there are those who are sigh-ing for a return of the Puritan just be-cause they enforced Sunday. Hull, Eng. FRANCIS HOPE. It Has Spoken. " AND I beheld another beast coming up out of the earth; and he had two horns like a lamb, and he spake as a dragon." Rev. 13 :11. For many years Seventh-day Advent-ists have been keeping their eyes upon this prophecy, predicting on the strength of their view that the United States Gov-ernment would oppress and persecute those who were striving to walk conscien-tiously before God, as did the " dragon "-spirited powers of earth in by-gone days. Recently it has become manifest that a spirit of intolerance and oppression ex-isted and was growing in this Govern-ment, but within the last week an event has taken place which is of the utmost significance in connection with the ful-fillment of the words of this text. The Senate and House of Representatives of the United States have united in saying to this country and to the world, that the World's Columbian Exposition shall have joined to it the institution of the Sunday Sabbath. They have declared, speaking with the voice of the Nation, that here in this hitherto free land a religious institu-tion shall be enforced by law; for legisla-tion always means compulsion. We are no longer waiting to hear the sound which shall herald the fulfillment of this prophecy. THE DRAGON VOICE HAS  SPOKEN! And how long will it be ere it. will speak again ?ŠL. A. S., in, ReviewŁ and Herald. All this and More. IN an editorial on the subject of Con-gress and the World's Fair, the Philadel-phia Record says:Š Apart from the immediate question of closing' the World's Fair on Sunday, there can be no mis-taking the ulterior object of this Sabbatarian cru-sade. Should it prove successful, the reaction against personal liberty and social progress will not cease until every street car shall have been stopped and every library, academy of arts and museum closed on Sunday. The Sabbatarians have not hesi-tated to avow that their purpose is to re-establish the puritanical polity of the seventeenth century. In the debate on the Quay amendment Senator Frye, of Maine, passed a eulogy on the puritanical Sabbath and fervently expressed a hope of its speedy restoration in this country. Other senators, in their Sabbatarian zeal, gave utterance to like views. This is the real meaning of bigotry's per-sistent attack upon the Columbian Exposition. But very little is known of the real ob-ject of this crusade for the enforcement of Sunday sacredness. The Bible reveals its real meaning. Few, though, haveŁ given enough thought to the matter, in connection with prophecy, to comprehend their relation. This writer for the Record understands that there is an ulterior pur-pose and realizes the logical outcome of the movement. He is right. The day will come when all he sees in it will come to pass, and more. Disgraceful Sunday Laws. [The Chicago Daily Globe publishes this letter, written from the common jail of Paris, Tenn., to the secretary of the National Religious Liberty As-sociation, with the accompanying editorial com-ments. Later developments, have shown a still more incredible state of things in the construing of legal methods by which to find means of forcing these men to pay their fines. In the face of the example Tennessee is setting, in these cases, it is to be remembered that many of the southern States still have the chain gang, and flogging is the punishment for insubordination. How long before some seventh-day keeper will be flogged for refusing to work on the Sabbath ?] To those misguided enthusiasts who are clamorous for the rigid observance of the Sunday closing laws, both in connection with the World's Fair and otherwise, a letter written from Tennessee by victims of the very policy these people seek to en-force ought to come with peculiar force. This letter, which speaks with more force than any comment upon the subject, is as follows:Š HENRY CO. JAIL, PARIS, Tenn., June 26, 1892.ŠA. F. Ballinger, Secretary National Religious Lib-erty Association, Chicago, Ill.Š Dear Sir: We have now been in jail since June 3, and the prospects are that we will have to remain here for-over two months longer. Our offense, as you un-derstand, is that of working on our farms on Sun-day. We did not employ a lawyer at the trial sinceŁ it was no use to do so, as the cases of R. M. King and W. H. Parker were appealed and lost. We pleaded in our own jpehalf, urging that so long as we did not disturb the worship of any one (and every witness testified that he was not disturbed) we were entitled to the God-given right, after hav-ing observed the Sabbath which we believe to be the seventh day instead of the first, of working six days for the support of our families as do other citizens. The State's attorney, Mr. Lewis, thought differently and argued that since the laws of Ten-nessee set apart Sunday as the day to keep holy, and we were permitted to observe our Sabbath we ought to observe Sunday also. The three others convicted are W. S. Lowry, J. Moon and James Stem. Mr. Stem is over sixty years old and has spent three months in this same jail for a like offense. . . . We did not pay our fines and costs, which amounted to about $25 each, because, first, we considered them unjust, and second, if we had paid them and returned to our 