424 AMERICAN SENTINEL. inevitable outgrowth of the New Testament principles, that each must hear for himself, must repent for himself, must believe for himself, must confess Christ for himself, must be baptized on his own confession (Rom. 14:22). We come into this world one by one, we must go to Christ one by one for his pardoning grace, and we leave this world one by one to be rewarded according to our works, if we be Christ's, and to be judged if we be not Christ's (2 Cor. 5:10). Hence the State has no authority over the religious beliefs and observances of men, whether orthodox or heretic, atheist or heathen."ŠFrom " For What Does a Baptist Church Stand?" The Christian Advocate (Methodist, New York), of April 29,'1897, in reply to a question whether a Methodist minister should follow the political plans pursued by a prominent clergyman in New York City, in attempting to create a better public sentiment, replied in part with this gospel advice:Š ' "The true course of the individual pastor who desires to create a better public sentiment than exists, is to deepen the tone of piety and conscientiousness in his own church; to consider that it is by the church in its normal life that the community is to be raised permanently." Jesus said : " Tarry ye in the city of Jerusalem, until ye be endued with power from on high." Luke 24 : 49. Jesus did not say: " Tarry ye in the halls of legisla-tion, until ye be endued with power from the State." Jesus said : " Ye shall receive power, after that the Holy &host is come upon you." Acts 1:8. Jesus did not say: "Ye shall receive power after ye have gained control of legislation." Jesus said : " Without me ye can do nothing." John 15:5. Jesus did not say: "Without the power of the State ye can do nothing." "Not by might. nor by power, but by my Spirit, saith the Lord of Hosts." When Peter and the rest of the apostles, filled with the Holy Spirit, began evangelistic work on the day of Pentecost, they were outlaws in every country under heaven. Imperial Rome ruled the world. The death penalty hung over the head of him who would teach a new doctrine. But "against the tremendous ma-chinery of the, government" three thousand were con-vertedin one day. And just as long as the church trusted alone in the Holy Spirit, she went forth conquering and to conquer. And just in proportion as the church began to "pull wires for the kingdom of God" at the court of Constantine, in that same proportion she lost power with the Prince of Peace. The church stopped converting men by individuals; and began "converting men by nations," and immediately there appears the " Holy Roman Empire." The Reformation of the sixteenth century, whose power, like an earthquake, shook the throne of the papal pontiff, was but the natural result of turning from the arm of flesh to the arm of God. When Luther was urged to appeal to the State for aid in furtherance of the Ref-ormation, he quickly replied : "There is no sword that  can further this cause, God alone must do everything." "It is with the Word that we must fight, by the Word must we overthrow and destroy what has been set up by violence." "Chistians fight, not with sword or muskets, but with suffering and with the cross. Christ their captain handled not the sword ; . . . he hung on the tree." D'Aubigne, the historian of the Reformation, con-trasting the power of the Reformation with the power of Rome, uttered these inspired words: "Rome had been es-tablished by the law of a carnal commandment; the Ref-ormation by the power of an endless life." "The gospel of the Reformation had nothing to do with the world and with politics. While the Roman hierarchy had be-come a matter of court intrigue, the Reformation was destined to exercise no other influence over princes and people than that which proceeds from the gospel of peace." All evangelical Christians now freely admit this early apostasy. They admit that friendship with the world, and reliance on human power,, caused this ruin. They also agree that the power of the Reformation resulted from reliance alone on the power of God. Then why do-they not cry out against this modern reunion with the world ? It will cost the friendship of a world-loving, com-promising church; but it, will bring its reward. "Cry aloud, spare not, lift up thy voice like a trum-pet, and show my people their transgression, and the house of Jacob their sins." "If thou dost not speak to warn the wicked from his way, that wicked man shall die in his iniquity; but his blood will I require at thine hand." Let the watchman give the trumpet a certain sound_ Let him enter into his closet and shut to the door, and plead for "power from on high," that with all boldness he may speak the word. In closing, we step aside to let another cry aloud against the worldward tendency of the church, but join with C. H. Spurgeon and George C. Needham in a fervent "Amen." "Renounce all the policy of the age. Trample upon Saul's armor. Grasp the book of God. Trust the Spirit who wrote its pages. Fight with this weapon only, and always. Cease to amuse; and seek to arouse. Shun the clap of a delighted audience, and listen far the sobs of a convicted one. Give up trying to ' please ' men who have only the thickness of their ribs between their souls and hell; and warn, and plead, and entreat, as those who feel the waters of eternity creeping upon them. "Let the church again confront the world; testify against it; meet it only behind the cross; and, like her Lord, she shall overcome, and, with him, share the vic-tory. 0 Spirit of the Lord, bless this witness !" fi A. F. BALLENGER. THE "faithful and true Witness" addresses the church of to-day in the language of Rev. 3 :15-18. " The Devil's Mission of AmusementŠA Protest." By Archibald C Brown. Introduction by C. H. Spurgeon, and prefatory note by G.eck,. a" Needham. Fleming H. Revell Co. 