Ł NEY Ł 1311311, ONrewrastthyelre.the .01d Bible in a They that sealed the covenant. NEHEMIAH, X. The points of the covenant. they have r" !dominion over our bod-ies, and, over our cattle, at their plea- sure, and we are in great distress. 4 38 And ry because of all this we 11 make a sure covenant, and write it; and our princes, "Lolvites, and "priests, 2  h  seal unto it. CHAPTER X. 1 The names of them that seated the covenant. 29 The points of the covenant. NOW 3  those that sealed were, a  Ne-he-milah, 4  the Tiesha-thd, b  the son of HAch-a-11/ah, and Zld-1111ah, 2 Jer-e-m1/-ah, 3 PAsh'ilr, Am-a-rFah, MAl-chijah, 4 Hbt'ttish, Sheb-a-nilah, MAPluch, 5 Halrim, Merle,-m6th, 0-ba-di/ah, 6 DAn/iel, alnine-thon, Ba/rgeh, 7 Me-shullam, 8 1115,-a-z1/ah, Shem-a-Fah these were the priests. 9 And the LS'vites : r" both J6sh'u-a, d See the son of Az-a-ni-ah, Bln'nu-i of the 3,  sons of 116n'a-dAd, ; 10 And their brethren, Sheb-a-ni'-ab, 116411/jah, K61/1-td, Pel-a-Fah, 111  HA/nan, n De 11 Milehd, Re/hob, Hash-a-bFah, ch.f. 12 Zlecur, Sher-e-bilah, h2P2osihcii' ni/ah, H 13 116-di/jah, ham 14 The r D chief of the people; 'I PV'- DEexui rash, PA/hath-me/ab, Elam, ZAV- Ezra thu, 135/ni., k 15 Btinini, Az'gad, pi,  ivx,. t.  16 Ad-o-nilah, Big/Ira-1, A'din, ch. &c. 17 Ater, Az/zur, t Ex .& 18 1-16-di'jah, Hflishum, 19 H5/riph, An'a-theth, Neb/a-1, mL Lev. 19 20 Mag'pl-Ash, HS'zir, Fick  21 Me-shezia-be-el, Z5vd6k, Jad- hand 22 P61-a-t1/ah, 115,/flan, 23 116-she'd, HAn-a-niiah, Halshub, 24 Hal-Whesh, Sho'bek, 25 Reibilm, Ild-shAb/nah, Ma-a-se/-lah, 26 And A-hrjah, 11'A/flan, knan, 27 Mltl'luch, TIA/a-nah. 28 ¶ e  And the rest of the people,  the priests, the Le/vites, the porters, 27. Num the singers, the r f and is. diva,, 92 Le, 2 Ch.! o See; 28; 2' p ch. Is. 9C q Las r Ex 34. 2S. Lev. Num Dem s Ex 12, 11 Lev 37 power 38 yet for all thisŠourŠour 9 namely, Jeshlia etc. 14 chiefs 28 Nethinim.ŠpeoplesŠthat had Š (having) 30 peoples 31 peoples Š (11) Š a Š 3 Het ch. 9 a eh. 4 Or, govel b ch. c See 1-21. g 2 ICin. 23. 3. 2 Chr. 29. 10; 34. 31. Ezra 10. 3. ch. 10. 20  2 Heb. the so or, se h ch. B. C. 44.5. all they that had separated them-Dent. 28. selves from the ry people of the lands 8. unto the law of God, their wives, their sons, and their daughters, every one ry having knowledge, and "having understanding ; Send to us for circular giving full information regarding this line of Bibles. PRICE. The regular price of this Bible is $8.00, but to introduce it we will send it postpaid for $5.00. Order number 63. SELF=PRONOUNCING. All proper names divided into syllables; all vowels have diacritical marks; hence the reading of such names is made easy. LARGE TYPE. Size, Bourgois. (See specimen.) COMBINATION. This feature belongs exclusively to this line of Bibles. It is found in no other, and consists of a blending of both old and new versions in one volume, by convenient reference to foot notes. Where they differ, the reading of the new version is found at the bottom of the page. BOOK NOT BULKY. Although it has both versions, quite a complete concordance, and a full complement of excellent maps (no other helps), it measures but 53/1  x 8 x 1 1 inches. BINDING. It is nicely bound in Tampico Morocco, divinity . circuit, leather lined, round corners, red under gold edges. SOrIE OF ITS FEATURES. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING- CO., 39 Bond Street, New York City. JUNE 4, 1896. A.10417E1EitiCA.N 183 ter as a power in the upbuilding of humanity. One scored the newspapers and another took the view that even the Sunday paper is a great moral agent. It is evident that the ministers of Detroit have never held a caucus, and de-termined just what their composite belief is. It may be taken for granted that the authors of the multi-moral sermons yesterday are all sincere Christians, and all conscientious in their efforts to uplift humanity. The dis-agreement is merely on the means to the end, and should be comforting to everybody. With such a multiplicity of beliefs, nobody should experience any difficulty in finding the kind of doctrine that suits him, and here is where the resemblance of the various sermons to a Sunday newspaper is again in evidence. LITERARY NOTICES. " The only Alternative to Success." paper on the " Direct Legislation Movement and Its Leaders." Students of the higher metaphysical thought of our time will be deeply interested in Horatio W. Dresser's paper, entitled, The Mental Cure in its Relation to Modern Thought." Will Allen Dromgoole continues her powerful serial of " Tennessee Life," and Mrs. Calvin Kryder Reifsnider's "Psychical Romance," which opened a few months since, is prefaced by a digest of the preceding chapters. It is also profusely illustrated with exceptionally fine drawings. These are by no means the full quota of the strong attractions of this brilliant number of America's great progressive, reformative and liberal review. THE "CYCLONE" STILL WHIRLS Sweeping Everything Clean Before It. SEE WHAT THE PEOPLE SAY: Susanville, Cal. MESSRs. Coos Baos.:ŠThe Cyclone Washing machine that I received January 5, 1896, is en-tirely satisfactory. I like it even better than I had supposed I could. I have some orders now without soliciting. Yours truly, MRS. E. L. LYsiNGER. COON BROS., Battle Creek, Mich.  Address. Interesting Facts Is the name of a neat little book of 96 pages, 4M x 5 inches, bound in heavy paper, brim full of " interesting facts," questions and answers on different subjects, religious and political; "A Father's Talk to a Careless Daughter," "How to Bring Up a Son," " How to Bring Down a Son," etc., etc. The last 21 pages are an album containing the portraits of 21 different sovereigns of Europe, and is worth alone the price of the book. Regular price. 25 cents; we will send it post-paid for 20 cents in stamps, Address, PACIFIC PREsS PUB. Co., 39 Bond Street, New York. THE NATIONAL SUNDAY LAW. Arguments in behalf of the rights of American citizens, presented by A. T. Jones in opposition to the Blair Sunday Rest Bill. A thorough cat-echism upon the subject of Church and State. 102 pages. Price, 25 cents. Send for Spring Catalog of Publications. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond Street, New York City. Oakland, Cal. Kansas City, Mo. WE have received from the author, G. H. Lyon, a copy of a little 46 page pamphlet, with the foregoing title. It is inscribed, " For prohibition with a party behind it, and for the Sabbath with God's law behind it; each sustained in the strong defenses of its own realm." The pamphlet is a review of the attitude of the Pro-hibition Party toward prohibition, and enforces relig-ious observance, especially as pertaining to the so-called " Christian sabbath." As shown by the inscription quoted above, Mr. Lyon is not in favor of political religion, nor of enforcing any religious observance by law; and in the brief compass of the pamphlet referred to, he gives the Prohibition Party some excellent advice which it would do well to take, but which, as evidenced by the action of the recent Prohibition Convention at Pitts-burg, it has not seen fit to act upon. We shall take occasion, erelong, to quote at some length from Mr. Lyon's booklet, especially in regard to "prohibition one day in seven." Everything is not said in this pamphlet as we would say it, yet it is a valuable little work and ought to have a wide circulation. It sells for fifteen cents per single copy, or eight copies for one dollar. It is well printed on good paper, has a neat paper cover, and is substantially stitched with wire. Address the author, G. H. Lyon, Sistersville, Va. Ł The June "Arena." THE June Arena opens its 16th volume, appearing in a new dress, and being printed by Skinner, Bartlett & Co. It is an unusually strong number, opening with a brilliant paper by Rev. Samuel Barrows, D. D., the distinguished editor of the Christian Register, of Boston, on " The First Pagan Critic of Christian Faith and His Anticipation of Modern Thought." Justice Walter Clark, LL. D., of the Supreme Bench of North Carolina, contributes an instructive and de-lightful paper on Mexico, the interest of which is en-hanced by several excellent illustrations, including a recent portrait of the President of the Mexican Repub-lic. The President of the Mercantile National Bank of New York contributes "A Proposed Platform for American Independents for 1896," which illustrates how strongly the silver movement is taking hold of Eastern financiers, no less than the mass of voters in the South and West. Recently Jay Cook, the vet-eran banker, who floated the government bonds in 1861, at the time of our sorest need, came out boldly for free silver. Mr. St. John, who has made finance a study for more than twenty years, and who is pres-ident of a bank having a capital of $1,000,000, is no less pronounced on this subject. Another paper of special merit, on " Bimetallism," appears in this number by A. J. Utley. It is able and from a silver point of view very convincing. Professor Parsons, of Boston University Law School, continues his masterly papers on the " Government Control of Telegraph," a series of careful papers hith-erto unapproached in authoritative character. Mr. B. 0. Flower, the editorlof the Arena, writes in most captivating manner of Whittier,' considering him in the aspect of a " Poet of Freedom," and giving many of Whittier's most stirring lines. A fine por-trait of the Quaker Poet forms a frontispiece to this number. The editor also discusses somewhat at length in his editorials, the message of Whittier to men and women of to-day, and the proposed plat-form of Mr. St. John. Another interesting feature of this issue is Mr. Eltweed Pomeroy's illustrated 