378 V AMERICAN SENTINEL. Throughout the civilized world it is to-day very much as it was in Athens in the time of St. PaulŠthe multitudes are ready to hear and be carried away with some new doctrine. And they prefer a new doctrine that has a Christian name; only it must not contain the old-fashioned Christianity of the Bible. The Bible is a treatise upon Christian Science of the true kindŠthe science of salvation from sin. Upon that science no human text-book is needed. Sunday in. Louisiana. IF there are any National Reformers in Louisiana they are either in a condition of innocuous desuetude or are awaiting the tide of other efforts to come this way and lift them out of their "slough of despond." For, the Sunday (the religious observance of which is in fact the true idea of National Reform) is looked upon as it was by its earliest promoters, to whom it was the "wild solar holiday of all pagan times." Particularly is this true in New Orleans, where during this summer an unusual amount of manifold amusements are being afforded to the public, and enthusiastically embraced by many church members as well as by non-church people. In short, Sunday observance here bears the stamp "conti-nental" or "European," against which the church and state folk are wailing. S. B. HORTON. New Orleans, La , May 26, 1899. American Liberty Does Not Fit in Cuba. a WHILE Congress was discussing the question of the propriety of taking forcible possession of the Philippines, one senator, in reply to a speech by Senator Platt, of Connecticut favoring annexation, declared that "Con-necticut liberty" would not suit the people and condi-tions in the Philippines. That there was much truth in this statement is apparent from the fact that American self-government does not suit the people of Cuba. The libel ty which the United States brought to the Cubans appears to be the liberty to govern themselves accord-ing- to American methods and ideas,Ša self-government in which the Cubans see no liberty at all. For, as they doubtless realize, the very essence of liberty to any peo-ple is the liberty to govern themselves in their own way; and to be compelled to adopt the methods and ideas of another power, is to be virtually made subject to that power. This is an injustice to the Cubans, and so plainly seen as such not only in Cuba but in America, that some American journals are protesting against it. The fol-lowing from a prominent daily in this city, is to the point:Š "There is no doubt that many of the Cubans are be-ginning to hate us pretty thoroughly, and no wonder.  They are Spanish, and we insist on making them into Anglo-Saxons. They are all smokersŠmen, women, and childrenŠand we prohibit them from smoking in street cars. They, like all Latins, are accustomed to make Sunday a holiday, and we insist that they shall abstain from all amusements on Sunday; we even have prohib-ited the American game of baseball on that day. In-deed, we go further than anybody dares to go in Amer-ica: we actually forbid the Cuban to go about in his tropical climate with less than two shirts. "That is, we not alone make ourselves hateful, in the eyes of the Cubans; we make ourselves ridiculous. "Now comes the information that our Governor-General of Cuba, General Brooke, has issued a new order making 'a civil ceremony' essential to the legality of a Cuban marriage. We do not know exactly what this order means. If it means to make a 'civil marriage' compulsory, in addition to the church marriage, which their, religion imposes on the Cubans, it is a thoroughly vicious order, since it in fact makes two payments com-pulsory, one to the state and one to the church. The result inevitably will be that many couples will not marry at all, but will live together as man and wife, with-out the sanction of law or church. "The 'civil ceremony' may possibly mean something else. It may simply mean that the parties before getting married shall procure a marriage license. This of course would be entirely proper. "But it is time for the systematic exasperation of the people under our protection by the imposition upon them of an alien code of morals and propriety to cease." This method of conferring liberty on the Cubans is very similar to the method by which the Roman republic,  conferred liberty upon the weaker nations which accepted her intervention; and in that part of thehistory of Rome may be read the present history of affairs between Cuba and the United States. A State Conference of Churches in 1900. IN the New York Sun, of June 5, appears the follow-ing notice of what is likely to be a most important con-vention, as regards the problem of church Unity and the attempted settlement of religious and social questions by such means:Š "A State Conference of Religion will be held is New York early in 1900. This conference will be somewhat on the lines of the World's Parliament of Religions held at Chicago in 1893, and will be participated in by Chris-tians and Jews, orthodox Christians and Liberals. Al-ready the project has the indorsement of clergymen and laymen of the Baptist, Congregationalist, Jewish, Meth-odist, Presbyterian, Episcopalian, Unitarian, Universal-ist, and Reformed churches, the Friends, the Disciples of Christ, and of the commanders of the Salvation Army and the volunteers of America. The clergy of the Catho-lic and Lutheran churches have not joined in the move-ment. "Ten denominations were represented at a meeting held a few days ago at the United Charities building, in response to a call sent out by Dr. James M. Whiton, of 