592 AMERICAN SENTINEL. said Max Smith, "though I know they scarcely deserved it, sometimes." "The poor country people always deserVe sympathy in times of war, for they are quite often the innocent vic-tims of barbarous cruelties; and in this instance it was particularly true. They were not in the least .to be blamed, because their king did not, keep his word; but on his account their beautiful country is desolated, and the peaceful inhabitants are driven into the mountains to die of hunger. 0, war is always a cruel, horrible thing; the misery and distress which it brings can never be over-estimated." "How long did this war last?" asked practical Jack. "Not long. The pope, now, for a change in the pro-gram, undertook to fill the position of peacemaker be-tween the two angry kings. He succeeded, and King Charles went to make his old enemy and new-made friend a visit." "I am real glad of that," smiled Julia March, with a sigh of relief. "I presume that was a good thing for both countries,Šfor of course it meant peace. I'm glad the pope did that much good." "The trouble is, Julia," replied their teacher, "there was anything but peace in the heart of one of them, at least, all the time. King Francis was, treacherous and wicked enough to regret his own action in letting King Charles return home in peace. You see, there is no de-pending upon the human heart, unless ruled by God's Spirit. It is altogether bad. So it proved now. King Francis determined again to invade Italy at all haz-ards. He did a thing which it is hard to believe that any descendant of the good St. Louis could ever do,Šhe joined with the cruel Turks in making war with his own people." "0, impossible! did they succeed?" asked Fred Green. "They succeeded so well that a cruel pirate named Barbarossa, sailed back to Constantinople with 1,400 Christian slavesŠChristian dogsŠas they were called." "I don't suppose that the word 'Christian' meant then quite what we understand it to mean to-day, did it, professor?" asked Joe Palmeter. "0 no; they were called Christian, because they were not Mahometans; but to us the word has or should have a deeper meaning. "Francis was now getting along in years, and as if it were not disgraceful enough to join hands with the Turks, he disgraces himself still more by cruelly persecut-ing the poor Protestants. He was not one of those peo-ple who 'grow old gracefully,' for age seemed to make his disposition more sour and ill-tempered. If he had been a truly good man, this need not have been. But history gives a sad account of his excesses and dissipa-tions, and at last he became so hard hearted that he cared no more for human life than for the life of a worm that crawled at his feet." "0, I am afraid I shall not have any feelings of re-spect left for him," said Milly Brown, "but I will confess I did rather admire him at first." "Milly always admires handsome people," smiled practical Jack; "so I suppose she could hardly help ad-miring the 'King of the. Gentlemen.'" "Well, we will not laugh at Milly, Jack, for really King Francis had some very good traits of character," said Professor Carman. "Mention them, please, will you?" smiled Joe Palme-ter. "I presume it will not take you long." "Why, he was fond of art and education, and did all he could to encourage it. He did very much to beautify and enlarge many splendid palaces, and best of all, he founded the Royal College, where anyone who wished to be educated could study without any expense to them-selves. This was certainly a good work, and people have given him the name of the, 'Father of Letters and the Arts.; " MRS. L. D. AVERY-STTJTTLE. Learn to Forgive. LEARN now to forgive. Do not carry an unforgiving spirit with you through your life; it will hurt you more than anything else. It will destroy the happiness of many around you; yet its chief feeding-ground will be found in your own heart. You hate your neighbor. Yonder is his dwelling, one hundred and fifty yards away. Suppose you pass by a wood fire, and, as you pass, you pluck a half-consumed brand from it, flaming and gleaming, and thrusting it under your garment to hide it, you start for your neigh-bor's dwelling to burn it. Who gets the worst of it? You will find your garments on fire and yourself burned before you can harm your neighbor. So is he who car-ries an unforgiving spirit in his bosom. It stings the soul like an adder shut up there. I know of some who call themselves Christians who are miserable because of their own revengefulness. For-give your enemies and get down on your knees and pray for them, and salvation will come into your soul like a flood. "Father, forgive them." Sweet prayer and blessed example!ŠSelected. The Prospectus for " The Desire of Ages " is Now Ready. "THE Desire of Ages" is the title of a forthcoming volume by Mrs. E. G. White. It is intensely interesting and beautifully illustrated, and is devoted to the con-sideration of the great truth that in Christ the love of the Father is revealedŠthat " God was in Christ recon-ciling the world unto himself." Although the complete book will not be ready until about October 15th, the Prospectus has been issued thus early to enable our agents to make a Fall delivery. Our Tract Societies will handle this book in their respective States, therefore all orders for Prospectuses, price. of which is $1.25 postpaid, and correspondence concerning terms and territory, should be addressed to them. PACIFIC PRESS PUB. Co., Publishers. 