1*H,  g' P' I "IF ANY MAN REAR MY WORDS. AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Chrisi. ALONZO T. JONES, EDITOR. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 23, 1897. . VoL. 12, No. 37. Single Copy, 3 cents. The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. lier Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it way know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have .not ordered the Sentinel need have no tears that they will be asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Post-office.) RENDER to'Csar the things that are Cmsar's, and to God the things that areŁ God's.ŠMark 12:17. k IT is not more legislation that the people need, but more religion. WE would not.discount law; we want good laws, and we must have them; but we want also something to make such laws effective. 111. -41.4  LAW is the instrument and public sentiment the power °which makes it effective. There can be no good govern-ment' without a good public sentiment; and public senti-ment cannot be created by legislation. .444  THERE is but one genuine "sure cure" in the earth to-day, and that is the grace of God. The richest man has not money enough to buy it, and the poorest has not poverty enough to shut him from if. ---4 THERE are a great many people in this country who seem to be not yet convinced that two wrongs do not make right. A lynching, for example, is on effort to set one wrong right by perpetrating another. THE "sabbath laws" of the States are as numerous and as well enforced now as they were fifty years ago; yetŁ. they have not prevented the' incoming of a flood of moral degeneracy since that day. "THE powers that be are ordained of God;" but this fact does not set the fiat of civil government above the commandment of Jehovah. .4.- -44 No MAN or assembly of men have the power to man-ufacture right, or to absolve any individual from the ob-ligation to.obey the dictates of conscience. -414  THE weekly Sabbath is a holy day, because God made it holy, and it is impossible to change this fact. And being a holy day, its character cannot be other than religious. Any other kind of weekly sabbath is a coun-terfeit. Ł 4 THE Sabbath is God's, but he forces no man to keep it. Why should men go further than God and try to force people to render to God the tribute of Sabbath ob-servance. -4-4 "Who Is He That Condemneth?" "GOD sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world." And to his disciples forever he himself says: "As my Father sent me, even so send I you." Then no Christian is ever sent to condemn anybody in this world. No Christian has ever been made a minister of condemnation. As to transgressors, the only office of law is to con-demn. Then, as no Christian is ever sent to condemn, no Christian is ever sent to enforce law or to demand of others the enforcement of law. As the only office of law, with respect to transgress-ors, is to condemn; as in this world there will be in every place, transgressors of law; and asŁno Christian has ever been made of Christ a minister of condemnation; it is certain that no Christian has ever been made by Christ a minister of the law. Therefore it is perfectly certain that all these preach- 