38 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. itself, as possibilities which may grow out of their movement. Thus we show that their pathway is marked with deception from begin-ning to end. For proof see the following from the pen of one of the Secretaries of the Asso-ciation, Rev. M. A. Gault, published in the Statesman of April 1, 1886:Š " It cost us all our civil war to blot slavery out of our Constitution, and it may cost us an-other war to blot out its infidelity." Slavery was an institution; it was bounded by State lines and upheld by State laws. It concerned man's conduct toward and treatment of his fellow-man. It was, therefore, a matter proper to be dealt with by the Government. But who can see even an approach to a parallel, in any of _these respects, between slavery and infidelity? Infidelity is not bounded by any civil or geographical lines. It is in every com-munity. It exists side by side with Christian-ity in thousands of households. It is held by the undisputed right of private judgmentŠun-disputed in every land having any just claim to being civilized. It is held by tens of thousands of American citizens, each one having the same interest in the Constitution, and in the proper administration of the Government, and the same right to the protection of the Govern-ment, that the conductors of the Statesman have. Were not these people growing almost insane on this subject they would never hint such a thing as they have here spoken. They must be aware that to take the first step toward in-augurating a war, a civil war, against infidelity in any shape or manner, would be to invite the application of a torch to every church building in the land. They must know that that would not be a war of States or sections. It would be a most deadly strife in every school district, in every neighborhood throughout our wide do-main. That is not the speech of Christians; it is the wild talk of religious bigots. And we greatly fear that they will yet bring upon our country the terrible calamity of which they so coolly speak. Reports show that they are mak-ing many converts to their schemes in the churches, in the theological schools, in the col-legesŠeverywhere that it is possible to reach those who may exert a controlling influence upon society. Let not the people be deceived by the idea that their movement is not taking root in the country. The danger is great, and it is immi-nent. May the warning be heeded in time. J. H. W. National Religion. SOME years ago the New York Independent published the following article on the effort which is being made to unite the Church with the State. The words have not lost any of their force:Š " The fathers who framed the Constitution of the United States, wisely dissevered it, and the Government created by it, from all organic connection with the religion of the people. They contented themselves with simply declar-ing that ' Congress shall make no laws respect-ing an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof;' and that no relig-ious test shall ever be required as a qualification  to any office or public trust under the United States.' The melancholy history of the past had instructed them, as it ought to instruct all, that the absolute severance of the State from all organic connection with religion, is the only ground of safety to the civil and religious lib-erty of the people. Though not atheists, they had the wisdom to frame a Government whose fundamental law left religion to the inalienable rights of the individual conscience, and made all religious proscription or persecution con-stitutionally impossible. " The resolutions of the late Pittsburg Con-vention proceed upon a very different theory in the construction of civil government. We ask the attention of our readers to the fourth one of the series: 'Resolved, That, in order to maintain and give permanency to the Christian features which have marked this nation from its origin, it is necessary to give them authori-tative sanction in our organic law.' This more than surprises us. Do the members of this convention really mean what they say ? Does Judge Strong, of Pennsylvania, design to place himself on this ground? Or was the resolu-tion hastily adopted, without due reflection ? If we understand the import of their words, these gentlemen propose that Christianity shall be authoritatively incorporated into the ' or-ganic law' of this country; and this is just the principle of all the religious despotisms which have cursed mankind and corrupted religion in centuries past. It is in kind the very doctrine adopted by the pope of Rome and all his car-dinals. These Christian features,' referred to by the convention, are simply the religious be-liefs and practices of that portion of the Ameri-can people known as Christians. They can be nothing else. They certainly are not the feat-ures' of infidels or Sews. Now, observe that these beliefs and practices are, according to the theory of the convention, to be maintained and made permanent. In what way? Not by preaching Christianity as Christ and the apos-tles did; not by the circulation of tracts, and the distribution of the Bible among the people; not by the influence of holy lives and individual conversions to the truth; but by giving ' them authoritative Sanction in our organic law.' This means, if it means anything, that Christianity, as somebody understands it, is to be incorporated into the structure of the National Government and become an integral part of the Constitu-tion. An ' authoritative sanction in our organic law' can mean nothing less. "Now, we take the liberty of saying, that no such method as the one proposed, is at all necessary 'to maintain and give permanency to the Christian features which have marked this nation from its origin.' Ever since the organization of this Government, now nearly one hundred years ago, Christianity has lived and prospered in this country without any authoritative sanction in our organic law;' and we see no reason for supposing that it cannot continue to do so for all time. It asks no such service at the hands of the State; and, more-over, the history of all such experiments shows that the State cannot extend the service with-out doing more harm than good. We hence believe that in this respect the framers of the Constitution were much wiser than the mem- bers of the recent Pittsburg Convention. The thing is just right as it isŠright for the Gov-ernment, right for religion, and right for the free and untrammeled exercise of human lib-erty; and, as we have no doubt, the large majority of the American people are of the opinion that it is best to keep it right. We are in favor of reforms, but not those that go backward, and lead toward the despotisms of the Dark Ages. The doctrine of these gentle-men is impracticable in this country, and wholly undesired, even if it were practicable; and we hence advise them to apply their efforts and resources to some more legitimate object. The proposition itself, upon its very face, supplies its own answer when presented to the American mind. We are opposed to the whole idea from beginning to end, in every possible form and stage of its application." Church and State in America. IN a work entitled " Religion in America," written nearly half a century ago, we find some interesting facts concerning the union of Church and State in the United States a couple of cent-uries ago. It was written by a Presbyterian clergyman especially for the information of Europeans. We wish we had room for longer extracts than we are able to give in this num-ber. Of the evils resulting from the union in New England, the author says:Š " It gave rise to internal difficulties of the gravest nature with such of the colonists as were not disposed to agree to all the measures by which it was carried out, and led to the adoption of the harshest proceedings against those persons. One of the first cases of this kind was that of Roger Williams, in 1633-35, and it shook the colony to its center. That remarkable man had been educated for the English bar under the patronage of Sir Edward Coke; but influenced by the conviction that he was called to the ministry, he took orders in the Established Church. Expelled from that church by the bishops, on account of his Puri-tanical principles, he came to Boston in 1631. " Taught by persecution to examine how far human Governments are authorized to legislate for the human mind, and to bind its faculties by their decisions, Williams soon perceived that a course was pursued in America which he could not but condemn as repugnant to the rights of conscience. Regarding all intolerance as sinful, he maintained that the doctrine of persecution for cause of conscience is most evi-dently and lamentably' contrary to the doc-trine of Jesus Christ.' The law required the attendance of every- man at public worship; Williams pronounced this to be wrong, for to drag the unwilling to public worship looked like requiring hypocrisy. Not less did he oppose the law that taxed all men for the support of a sys-tem of religious worship which some might dis- like and conscientiously disapprove. ' What!' exclaimed his antagonists, 'is not the laborer worthy of his hire ? " Yes,' he replied, ' from them that hire him.' Public functionaries were to be taken only from among members of the church. Williams argued that, with like pro-priety, ' a doctor of physic, or a pilot' might be selected according to his skill in theology and his standing in the church.Š[Bancroft.] In 