"I Do What I Please."ŠNapoleon, June, 1796. "Are the Americans in Quest of a Napoleonl"ŠParis Figaro,  June 18, 1896. "IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT: FOR I CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAYE THE WORLD.' Vol. 11, No. 48. NEW YORK, DECEMBER 3; 1896. Price Three Cents.  american Sentinel, Published Weekly in Defense of Religious Liberty. IWŠFor Further Particulars and Terms see Last Page. Altered at the New York Post-office. EDITOR, - A. T. JONES. ASST. EDITOR, L. A. SMITH. WE have before mentioned the fact that, on both sides, in the late political campaign, there was frequent mention made of the French Revolution. Each side charged the other with showing alarming characteristics of that notable period of history. Last week in these columns we pointed out the most dangerous of all these characteris-tics that could possibly appearŠthe danger of an established religion professing to be Christianity. And though this greatest dan-ger must, and will, be kept before the people, as it is the great and leading issue; yet there are others only less important, and that con-tribute to the success of this greatest of all, which must be pointed out, and which must be avoided by all who would escape the vor-tex toward which these things are certainly tending. Only less remarkable than the national atheism that was developed. in the French Revolution, was the development of a ()wo-man power. As Napoleon was "returning from Notre Dame, after the ceremonies which had marked the conclusion of the Concordat," he exclaimed, "Now the French Revolution is finished." Napoleon could see plainly enough that he was the logical result of at least one series of events. And the situation that found its logical result in a Napoleon in France a hundred years ago, has to-day, in the United States, its counterpart in more than one of its phases. This is evident from the fact that it was apparent to both sides, and was much em-phasized in the discussions by the leaders, in the late campaign. Nor was this seen only by men in this country. It was seen and pointedly commented on by French thinkers also. Just before the National Conventions were held, the Paris Figaro, remarking upon the issues that were prominent in the cam-paign, said :-- "Are the Americans in quest of a Napo-leon? Are they moving in the direction of a dictatorship, the precursor of demagogic or  military despotism? In the case of a people which hitherto has made it a point of honor to renovate, and not to follow, history's gen-eral laws, this would certainly be an unex-pected yet possible evolution." Certainly if any are qualified to discern such symptoms, the French are the ones. To those thinkers the issues involved in the French Revolution are as familiar as are those of the American Revolution to American p. thinkers. And when these men, being to-day upon the very spot and among the me-morials of the French Revolution, can look across the ocean and at such a distance see that .which causes them with interest to ask, "Are the Americans in quest of a Napoleon? Are they moving in the direction of a dicta-torship, the precursor of demagogic or mili-tary despotism?" surely it is time for the people of this country to ask themselves  whether they had not better begin seriously to consider the situation. Nor is it symptoms that suggest the French Revolution alone, that this writer sees here: he sees also that which is suggestive of the course of the republic of ancient Rome. Upon this he remarks that "if America likes to indulge in the luxury of passing in a cen-tury and a half at most through all the stages to be found in the history of Rome, that is her affair;" and notes " the Cmsarian tenden-cies which have shown themselves too often in the United States dur-ing the last thirty years." Thus it is apparent that, from the exam-ples tof France and Rome, the one thing that strikes the atten-tion of this writer, in studying the conditions in the United States, is the development of a one-man power. Think-ers, both writers and speakers, at home here, have called attention to the same thing. In-deed, it is strange that there should be any-body who thinks so lit-tle as not to be able to see it. Looked at on strictly the civil side, the one great question at issue in France and Rome, at these crises in their history, was the ques-tion of " Capital and Labor," precisely as now in strictly the civil aspect this is the one great question in the United States. In France one hundred years ago, and in Rome nineteen hundred years ago, there were vast aggregations of capital, the power which it gave being used only to crush out all compe-tition and all idea of competition, and the wealth itself being used only to satisfy the extravagant and inventive genius of idle lux-, nry; precisely as in the United States to-day. On the other hand; and against the' aggre- 