AMERICAN SENTINEL. 45 keep his commandments: 'for this is the love of God that we keep his commandments, and his commandments are not grievous.' " F. E. B. An Important Publication. Suca is the General Conference Bulletin, published at Battle Creek, Mich., under the direction of the General Conference Committee of the Seventh-day Adventists. The next volume will give the proceedings of the General Conference to be held at South Lancaster, Mass., in Feb-ruary next, which will include a full report of all speeches made in the discussion of the various questions that may come up for consideration at this gathering. Reports will appear in their proper places and order, from the presidents of the different divisions :of the General Con-ference, superintendents of districts, presidents of boards, associations, organizations, and institutions; hence this volume of the Bulletin will be valuable, not only for the daily proceedings of the Conference, but for statistics for future reference. The subscription price is fifty cents for the volume, which will cover the years 1899 and 1900. To secure the first issues of this important volume and avoid de-lays send in your order at once; this is essential. Ad-dress, "General Conference Bulletin," Battle Creek, Mich. 11111... I BEG YOUR PARDON, SIR! DID we never tell you that Miles' Pocket tDic-tionary. the "New Webster,";_is based upon the great "WEBSTER'S INTERNATIONAL ,DIC-TIONARY?"ŠThat it has a double index by which any desired word is found in a moment of time?ŠThat it is the only abridged dictionary that gives the full pro-nunciation of words? (This book tells all that can be told about the writing and the speaking of the words, a marvelous fact!)ŠThat it has a device, called the "Co-lumbian Word-Builder," that doubles the capacity of the book, making it contain more words than any other dictionary short of an unabridged? The largest abridged dictionary published;  is it? In-deed it is. It has 45,800 words. Yes, sir, 45,800! But listen! This little book, of vest-pocket size, is not only the handiest and most complete, but it actually embod-ies four other books, all of which are characterized by the same elements of completeness; viz: a "Pronouncing and Statistical Gazateer of the World;" a "Rapid Calcu-lator and. Compendium of Business and Social Forms;" a "Parliamentary Manual," based on Roberts' and Cushing's; and a "Letter Writer and Literary Guide." It is a complete library of five pocket reference books bound in one volume and weighs only two ounces. Say, did you know it is almost a sin not to own this most wonderful literary, social and business help, when it can be had, bound in cloth, for only 25 cents, and for 50 cents in leather, gilt edged and gold embossed? (Extra morocco, Calendar, Memorandum, and Stamp-Holder, 60 cents.) 600,000, and more, sold  and everybody pleased and more than pleased. Your money back if you are not fully satisfied. Send price for a copy at once, and terms to agents. You can easily sell dozens of copies to your neighbors and friends. "I sold 50 in one day and have averaged 25 a day for sev-eral weeks at a time." J. J. K. Write to-day. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York City. THE SIMPLICITY VAPORIZER is A GENUINE VAPORIZER, not an ordinary atomiser. It converts medicines into vapor, thus every passage of the respiratory organs is reached and the disease SPEEDILY RELIEVED. Treatment by this method for CATARRH, BRONCHITIS, COUGHS, COLDS, ASTHMA, and all diseases of the Respiratory Organs is recommended by eminent physicians. Sent with medicine postpaid on receipt of $1.60. Mention disease. Satisfaction guaranteed. A. HALLETT, 39 Bond St., N. V. veryAiDay,.., A book containing 184 pages of practical information concerning the healthful prepartion of numerous dishes of all edible grains, fruits, and vegetables. A chapter is devoted to Suggestions for Canning Fruit, which alone is worth the price of the book. There is also a Daily Morning Program of Kitchen Work, inelud-ing hints on Economizing Money, Material, and Time; General Suggestions for Economical House-work; Every-day Bills of Fare, and a copious index of the entire work. Bound in board sides and cloth back. PRICE, postpaid, . . 85 CENTS PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York City. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write Nantes Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bang Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. AME RICAN S   1-in\TTIN   !HAL, Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom-promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. Single Copy, Per Year 51.00. " Six months .50. Three months .25. ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York. 