AMERICAN SENTINEL. 341 "Our national life has new impulse and dazzling am-bition. We are looking beyond from our provincialism. We have made war for humanity. We have conquered for humanity. The victory will be a defeat, and that en-dowment a poverty and destruction, save as through these open doors the church shall immediately and en-thusiastically carry the vision of Jesus Christ. "I see peace, white fields, inviting doors of commerce, liberty and enlightened races; but I see them all beyond the cross. There is no other way than by Calvary. I believe in imperialism, but an imperialism that is a be-neficent republicanism. "I believe in a war for humanity, but in a war for humanity that carries to humanity the enduring peace and good will of the gospel of Christ. "We cannot escape responsibility. This is not the time for swollen ease. If we dally, another will dominate. If we evade, the scepter will fall from us." What scepter? Surely it is not Christ's scepter, for that was transferred from Zedekiah to Him whose right it is to reign. Here is the authority: "And thou, pro-fane wicked prince of Israel, whose day is come, when in-iquity shall have an end, Thus saith the Lord God, Re-move the diadem, and take off the crown [the scepter goes with the crown]: . . . I will overturn, overturn, overturn it, and it shall be no more, until he comes, whose right it is; and I will give it him." Eze. 21:25-27. When He comes to take it he comes as "King of kings and Lord of lords," and when God shall set up Christ's kingdom it "shall never be destroyed: and the kingdom shall not be left to other people, but it shall break in pieces and consume all these [earthly] king-doms, and it shall stand for ever." Dan. 2:44. The United States is not the kingdom Christ sets up; a "scep-ter of righteousness is the scepter of his kingdom." "We have come into the kingdom for such a time as this. Hawaii, Cuba, Porto Rico, the PhilippinesŠthese are the summons of our Mediatorial King. The Man of Macedonia waves and calls. "American imperialism must have its counterpart in Presbyterian imperialism, which will go forth and carry its republican beneficence, its spiritual republicism, its divine spiritualism to the end of the earth. "We will make Presbyterians if we can. If Presbyte-rianism is not suitable to the Philippines it is not suita-ble to America., But if we are not to carry Presbyterian-ism we must carry some Christianity thither, not a mon-grel thing, not a false promise, but a Christianity which works by love, which purifies the heart, which overcomes the world." It is plain to the close observer what this retiring moderator of the Presbyterian Church is planning on using expansion and imperialism, for the church must follow closely all the conquests to reap her rich reward. Has our Government descended to conquests for the benefit of a church? Has a church accepted the power of armies and navies for the power of God through the gospel? Works of Necessity. THE exemption clause in the Georgia Sunday law, "Works of necessity or charity only excepted," is sub-jected to an elasticity sufficient in interpretation to expose many glaring inconsistencies. Recently A. J. Waters, a Seventh-day Adventist of Gainesville, Ga., who conscientiously observes Satur-day as the Sabbath, was fined $20 and costsŠabout $65 in all,Šor six months in the chain gang, for plowing in some wheat on Sunday. The spring was very wet, and the farmers had great difficulty in getting their crops in. This Sunday proved very favorable, and the defendant had a small corner of land on which the wheat had been sown but not covered, and it was necessary that it be covered before it sprouted. The weather was-still very unsettled and this favorable opportunity was improved and the wheat was plowed in on Sunday morn-ing just as two State witnesses were passing on their way rabbit hunting. About this time on a Sunday a neighbor, who keeps that day, burned off his pasture land because "the wind was just right and the grass was dry." A great smoke was created, filling the nostrils of the church-goers who Passed that way. Mr. Waters plowed his wheat in "because the land was sufficiently dry" on Sunday, and was seen by two hunters while he was doing the "crim-inal" act. The plowing was, in the court, decided to be a "misdemeanor," and the penalty of six months in the chain gang inflicted, while the burning off of the land passed by unnoticed and was therefore inter-preted to be, when performed by certain parties, "works of necessity." Mr. Waters has another neighbor who fires his lime kiln on Saturday nights and attends to it on Sundays. This is interpreted to be a work of necessity, while every-body knows the lime could be burned on the working days and nights of the week just as well. The man who entered the complaint before the grand jury against Mr. Waters for plowing in wheat on Sunday, works men.  every Sunday on the Southern railroad, and quite re-cently worked a gang of men all day Sunday repairing a-side track that could have been done just as well on the Monday following. He was not indicted for this work, and it must be that such works are works of ne-cessity or charity. The defendant was also condemned for cutting oats to feed a mule his Sunday dinner, and for sawing wood to build a fire. Each of these acts are common as sunshine in Georgia, and never considered to be other than works of necessity, when performed by those who keep Sunday. These distinctions in persons doing the same class of work proves beyond the shadow of a doubt that Sunday laws are special class legislation; and this excepting clause of all Sunday laws clearly betrays their true char-acter. It brands them as wholly religious laws, and in forcing our courts to attempt an impossible discrimina- 