GOLDEN GRAINS ,/q11-rS tte, fot,T in0VNT,  AMERICAN SENTINEL, 175 E3 co cŁ 14c ale cŁ r-r-1 inn eruir. SAVONAROLA A graphic ac- count of the life and martyrdom of this wonder-ful preacher of Florence; also a sketch of his times. An in-spiring book for young read-ers, and o n e that will be read again and again. Cloth 6oc.; ; LEFT WITH A TRUST 4)D, NATIVE LIFE IN INDIA Contains two g oo d V The author , Rev. C stories, the first being C of the struggles of a fa- 2) Henry Rice, sp e tit mily, the head of which T.  eighteen years in India, having gone, according and has written a most fif  to baby.l  Phil, "Away ross the big sea, and c  interesting description 'c  perhaps he'd tumble 2) of the social and reli-out of the ship and det T.  gious characteristics o drowned." The second 0  tells of the faithful ef- forts of a boy to ,sup- 0  is illustrated with port his sister and wid- 0 twelve native drawings. owed mother. Illustrated, cloth, 6oc. C  Cloth, 6oc. JOHN OF WY C CLIFFE est of "the reformers be- 0 The life of this great-  And Other Stories JACK THE CONQUEROR ICEBERGS 6o)  AMONG THE NORTHERN C C C Cloth, 6oc. MARTIN LUTHER A most readable story of the life of this greatest reform-er, at home, at the university, as a monk, as a priest, at Rome, at the Diet of Worms, and the closing scenes of his career. Illustrated. Cloth, 6oc. POLITICAL SPEECHES AND DEBATES A reproduction of the principal speeches and de-bates o f Abraham Lincoln during the years 1854-1861, to-gether with those of his political antago-nist, Stephen A. Douglas. A fascin-ating volume of over 550 large pages. Cloth, $1.75. PILGRIM'S PROGRESS Size, 6 'Ax4% inch-es, 495 pages, 6 il-lustrations. The story of both Chris-tian and his wife. An attractive edi-tion of this immor-tal classic. Price, 4.oc. The first and longest story is that of ten-year-old poverty-stricken Jack Harold. His fa-ther and mother were both dead, and his aunt would not allow him to go to school. How his ambition was aroused, etc. Well illustrated, cloth,' 6oc. tiful stories for children. c Following A are some of vt' the titles: C "Joe Ben- ton's Coal Yard." "This Hand V N e v e rC Struck Me," 0 "The Burnt Composition," "The Wanderer's Prayer," "The First Lie," "The Tempting Gloves," fe "Tom's Revenge." Complete set for 25c, postpaid. THOUGHTS FROM THE MOUNT OF BLESSING An exposition of the Sermon on the Mount. "It can by no means be read with profit at one sitting, but is a book for time of med-itation, as its title in-cates." ŠBaptist Union. Contains 209 pages, 18 half-tone engrav-ings, is bound in cloth at 75c, and half-calf at $1.00. MAKING HOME HAPPY C An entertaining story of how an unhappy home was made and kept happy, together with the influence it had over other homes. Contains 203 pages; cloth 5oc. An account of the expeditions sent in search of the North Pole by the United States and England. It is written in narra-tive style and is in-tensely interesting- Its illustrations are o f northern scenes and incidents, and are very good. Cloth, 6oc. A comprehensive his-tory of, that portion of Africa drained by the Kongo and its tributar-ies, together with nu-merous missionary inci-dents and experiences. The author, Rev. Hol-m a n Bentley, writes from personal observa-tion, and gives much interesting information concerning this much-talked-of country. Illustrated, cloth, 6oc. TWO CANNIBAL ARCHIPELAGOES Here John Williams, Rev. G. N. Gordon and wife, J. D. Gordon, and others met death at the hands of the natives. Here dwell the Rubiana people, whose mania is the collection of human heads. Even here, this book informs us,* the Gospel has made pro-gress. This is illus-trated by two scenes in one villageŠone as the missionaries found it, the other after its inhab-itants had received Christianity. Cloth, 6oc. STORY OF REDEMPTION A book well calculated to show forth the love of Christ, and to draw the reader in1p,  a closer connection with Him. Containi 237 pages, 68 engravings, four of which ay three-color half-tones. Cloth, with gilt edges, $1.25. fore the Reformation" is one of intense interest, and is here told in such V a way as to inspire the c reader to cultivate his ao  opportunities and econ-omize his time. 16)9 O LIFE ON THE KONGO A series of pamphlets, C contai ning 320 pages and 45 beau- PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, KANSAS CITY, MO. 39 Bond Street, New York City. OAKLAND, CAL. 