28 AMERICAN SENTINEL. As the Dispatch said, in the editorial referred to, under such a system, Jews, non-believing Gentiles and agnostics, would be shut out from participation in`civil affairs, thus violating a fundamental principle of this RepublicŠthat all men are created equal. To say that the agnostic, even, should have no vote is bigotry; whether it come from the pulpit or the pew. Government is neither moral nor immoralŠit is non-moral, and its weal depends on the integrity of those in authority. The gentleman declared that 2,000,000 men in Amer-ica, employ& of corporations, are forced to work on Sunday because the natural affections prompt them. Their wives and children demand it. If they refuse to obey their masters, many of whom are ostentatiously Ł ' pious," they are discharged. But all this could be changed Let legislation be so shaped that every willing hand will find an opportunity open for honest industry. Then, when a man refuses to work seven days in the week be-cause of his religious scruples, there will not be ten men ready to grab his job and comply with the corporation rules, a conspicuous feature of which is sabbath desecra-tion. Meantime, the Dispatch would like to have some ad-herent of Dr. Blanchard describe a composite conscienceŠone that would fit all the people. The Workings of Trusts. A WRITER in the Independent, of December 31, in jus-tifying the organizing and the workings of trusts states more frankly than we have seen before, the facts with ref-erence, both to labor trusts and business trusts. Ł This article strikingly confirms the statements which we made in these columns a few weeks agb that the effect of all these trusts is to grind out of men every vestige of indi-viduality, and leave them not even machines, but only parts of a vast machine. To his mind "individualism " has been carried to the extreme and has broken down; and these trusts have taken its place in the grand march of " Progress." The writer of the article says that he 'is a manufac-turer, and from the article itself we should gather that he is a member of a trust. Theparticular passages relat-ing to the two kinds of trusts, run as follows:--: THE LABOR TRUST. The interior structure of labor organizations is a curious commentary on the economic current of the times, and serves well to point the moral of extreme indi-vidualism and the. competitive system of business. The Union has as its cardinal principle the right of every member to a full day's pay for a full day's work. The rate is fixed as high as possible; the endeavor is to se-cure as much pay for as little work as possible. This is the true business instinct as business is now conducted, and it has its counterpart in the aphorism of the mer-chant (which is often'the burden of the drummer's "in-structions ") : " Get the highest price you can ! " "Each member of a union pledges himself to support the Union and obey its rules. These rules are adopted by majority vote, after free debate; and if a member dislikes a rule he must either obey it or leave the Union. The minority has absolutely no power, and its only right is that of debate. The most important rules are those regulating the wage-rate and the hours of work. No member is to accept less than the Union's full day's pay for a full day's work. There is in it no recognition of su-perior ability; a carpenter is but a carpenter, a plumber but a plumber, a weaver, a weaver. Time and its com-pensation are the sole considerations. "What chance is there under the Union's discipline for the display of special faculty? The law of individual-ism is that each shall freely exercise the right to life, lib-erty, and the pursuit of happiness; and in this exercise find his true destiny, secure the fruits of his skill. But the Union steps in to deny this right, to crush the diverse tendencies, the particular abilities of the individual, to force every worker to the level of the whole. It does not admit superior ability. It takes away the spur to ambi-tion and extra effort. "There is no reason why a member should be a spe-cially skilful ;workman; for he has no chance to rise, and there is no compensation for his skill. The Union's "rules are admirably adapted to the leveling of men. The workman's wages; hours of labor, fellow-workmen and work are chosen for him, and his individual interest is sunk in the interest of the Union. The ideal union is the one whose roll of membership includes all the workers of a trade ; and when this ideal is attained, and in some trades it is almost attained, the wages of all might as well be paid into a common treasury, to be used in the maintenance of the members and their families. This is Communism. THE BUSINESS TB UST. "The method of the Trust is eminently practical. A number of distillers or rubber-makers enter into an agree-ment regarding certain main points in their respective lines of business, such as the prices of goods, the yearly production, the fields of operation, etc. If the combina-tion includes all of the principle producers of a given line, the price is placed as high as the market will permit. If there are important producers outside the combination, the price is often fixed below the profit, sometimes below the cost point. The object is to drive competitors into the Trust, or out of the business. "_The market' is divided into districts, perhaps, and each producer has the sole right to sell in one of these districts ; or, each producer may make a certain grade of goods and nothing else; or, it may be, certain pro-ducers will be shut down entirely, on the ground that there is no field for them. In any case the result is the same, for the whole revenue is turned into a common treasury. The most economical plan is the most efficient and the best for each and all. "The yearly demand is calculated by experts, and "over-production" is avoided by making the yearly out-put conform to it. It is as simple as the Rule of Three. Economies are effected in every direction. No large sums of cash lie idle in products awaiting a market. Where a dozen houses had a dozen drummers traveling a district, the Trust has one or two, occasionally, when strong-enough, none at all, for the dealer is forced by the de-mand to seek the Trust. The advertising expense be-comes trifling. Where there was an office and clerks for 