616 AMERICAN SENTINEL. LAST week I was dealing with ideas and their tran-scendant importance. Ideas can be expressed only in words; and so words are things of ,great consequence, and ought to be picked and chosen with the utmost care in every discussion. Much idle and profitless debate would frequently be spared, and much time saved for matters of real moment, if people would always, before they begin a controversy, settle what it is that they mean to talk about. * Fox instance, here is the venerable David Agnew, ex-chief justice of Pennsylvania, delivering an address, in which he uses the following language: "I have shown (conclusively, I think) that this is a Christian nation; that this continent and the provinces were settled by a Christian people"Šand more to the same effect. WHAT distinction was in the mind of this distinguished octogenarian between "this continent" and "the prov-inces," it is not easy to divine. But it is clear that he regards the proposition that "this is a Christian nation" as synonymous with the statement that "this continent and the provinces were settled by a Christian people." But strict attention to definitions will show that there is no necessary connection between the two, and that, while the latter is a correct statement of a historical fact, the former is a fallacious abstraction. WHAT is the meaning of the word "nation" when used in its present connection? It is simply another name for "the State." The Utter is the preferable term, because "nation" is a word of several different significations or senses, and is often the equivalent of "country" or "people," whereas "State" has in jurisprudence a fixed, definite, and peculiar meaning of its own. It is true that the "country" known as the United States was largely colonized by "people" who professedŠwhatever their practiceŠa variety, of religions which they called "Chris-tian," and that the majority of those who at present in-habit that geographical area are considered to be Chris-tians. But these facts afford no justification whatever of the position that ours is a Christian State. * corporation, like a railroad or a manufacturing company. As I have previously observed, those who administer the affairs of the big corporation make up the personnel of the government, and all citizens are stockholders. Now it would be clearly absurd to talk of a railroad company as being "Christian" because its individual officers and members, or most of them, were connected with Christian churches. But, with all due deference to high authority, it is no less absurd so to talk of a State or nation. THE State is the work of men's hands. She is of the earth, earthy. She has no soul to be damned or to be saved. She knows neither Deity nor devil. She does not know her citizens as Christian's, nor as Hebrews, nor as Mohammedans, nor as Mormons, nor pagans, nor Budd-hists. She deals with them as men and women alone. She has no means of ascertaining their inward thoughts or beliefs, no power in any wise to affect them, no right whatever to meddle with them. It is only their outward conduct or behaviour that comes within her cognizance, and it is by temporal penalties alone that she can regu-late this. * * AND what is Christianity?ŠAn inward life, based on the faith that there is another world than this, which in-dividual men may reach, though no "State" can ever get there. Christian men and women we have, fortunately enough, all around us. They are those who submit their souls to the "imperious dominion" claimed by the Master whose kingdom is "within,"Šthat domain of the soul which is closed as absolutely against the State as heaven itself. THE learned judge goes on to say that our States "set the legal evidence of their belief in their early constitu-tions." But how is it possible that a State should have a religious belief, and set it anywhere? The State never made a constitution any more than a railroad corpora-tion makes a charter. And States had no exiRtence till the- instruments of their birthŠtheir respective constitu-tionsŠwere made by the people who inhabited the vari-ous tracts of land that had been colonies of England. It is perfectly true, and perfectly lamentable, that the conception of religious equality was unknown to these men, and that all their works were more or less tainted with the blasphemous union of Church and State. But the church is one thing and religion is another; and to embody religious dogmas, as they did, in constitutions and statutes, is not to accomplish the impossible feat of making a State religious. Though I admit none but Christians to employment on my railroad, I impart no religious element to the transportation of passengers and goods over the line. * IN fact, it is manifestly impossible that a State should be Christian. What is a State? A State is simply a big WHAT our forefathers did, in erecting their States, 