320 sifiwarimmr, VoL. 11, No. 40 NEW YORK, OCTOBER 8, 1896. ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. THAT which contravenes natural rights in-stead of guaranteeing them is usurpation and not legitimate, God-ordained authority; " for rulers are not a terror to good works, but to the evil." CIVIL government is ordained of God, but so are its limitations. "We hold these truths to be self-evident; that all men . . . are endowed BY THEIR CREATOR with certain unalienable rights; that to secure these rights governments are instituted among men." THE Pope has been chosen by Hayti and San Domingo to arbitrate a dispute between them respecting boundary lines. In view of this the Catholic Review, of October 3, ex-claims, "Would that all disagreements among peoples were peacefully submitted to the im-partial and enlightened adjudication of the Common Father of Christendom." Such is one of the Papacy's cherished hopes. THE new " apostolic " delegate from Rome to the United States, Monsignor Martinelli, arrived in New York, October 3. The Catholic press of the country seems to be divided in opinion respecting the position the papal dele-gate will hold in this country, the Freeman's Journal asserting that his authority will be even greater than that exercised by his prede-cessor, Satolli. " EXCEPT in the nation of Israel, it is not, and never has been, personal sovereigns in themselves that have been referred to in the statement that the powers that be are or-dained of God.' It is not the persons that be in power, but the powers that be in the person, that are ordained of God. The inquiry of Rom. 13:3 is not, Wilt thou then not be afraid of the person ? but it is, Wilt thou then not be afraid of the power P It is not the person, therefore, but the power that is represented in the person, that is under. con-sideration." " FULL religious liberty," remarks the New York Sun, in its "Spanish-American News," " exists in Mexico, and it is foolish to attach any significance to the deeds of the brawlers who smashed the windows of a Protestant church and college in the city of Aguas Cal-ientes. The riot was a small one, and its leaders were arrested. It was just such an outbreak as may occur anywhere at a moment  of excitement. There are over a hundred Protestant churches in Mexico which hold services and engage in mission work without any disturbance, and the government of Pres-ident Diaz has always manifested its deter-mination to maintain the rights of all denom-inations." It is indeed true that a large measure of religious liberty is enjoyed in Mexico, and whatever restrictions there are, owe their ex-istence to the aggressions of Rome. AN address " To the Christian Citizens of the United States," has been sent out through the country as the result of a mass meeting of Christian people, held recently in Chicago, and presided over by Evangelist D. L. Moody; for the purpose of considering the present unset-tled condition of affairs in the nation politi-cally and socially. The address earnestly in-vites Christians of all denominations to unite in observing October 8, as a day of fasting, con-fession, and prayer to God, for divine assist-ance in dealing with the issues which demand settlement at this time. METHODISTS AND RELIGIOUS LIBERTY. No people ought to be more tolerant than the Methodists, for few people have, in mod-ern times, suffered more for conscience' sake than they. John Wesley himself was repeatedly mob-bed and arrested, and was even indicted in due form, ostensibly for violation of civil law, but really because of his religious faith and practice. In the early days of Methodism it was cus-tomary in England to seize men, and compel them to serve either in the army or navy. On one occasion "Meriton [a Methodist preacher] himself was impressed, and his companion escaped only by running from street to street, and finally taking refuge at a private house, where he was compassionately locked up in a closet till midnight, when, disguised in fe male dress, he made his way out of the town, passing sentinels who were appointedŁ to watch for him on the bridge. John Bennet, an-other itinerant, was I impressed' with three of his lay brethren in Cheshire."1  The same author tells that "a humble Corn-ish preacher was pulled,  down by a constable while preaching at Corlam and borne off to the House of Correction at Bodmin. A warrant was gotten out for John Wesley himself in Cornwall." Mr. Wesley was not held, how-ever, on this occasion. The officers finding him a well-bred gentleman and a clergyman instead of a rowdy, permitted him to go. Thomas Welsh, another Methodist preacher, was mobbed and imprisoned in Ireland as a " turbulent person," but really for preaching the gospel. He was arrested at one of his 1" History of the Religious Movement of the Eighteenth Century called Methodism," Vol. I. p. 224. 1  lb. own meetings and conducted to the magis-trate, "who demanded a promise that he would preach no more. He refused and was sent away to prison." Charles Wesley was, on one occasion, in-dicted as a vagabond. This remarkable pre-sentment still stands on the city records and declares that "we find and present Charles Wesley to be a person of ill-fame, a vagabond, and a common disturber of his majesty's peace, and pray that he may be transported." Nine of his associates were denounced in the same terms. The indictment was not sustained. John Wesley was indicted in Savannah, Georgia, in 1737, one of the counts in the indictment being that he had "broken the laws of the realm, contrary to the peace of our sovereign lord the king, his crown and dignity by speaking and writing to Mrs. Wil-liamson against her husband's consent."' This case was never brought to trial, but Mr. Wesley was kept as a kind of " prisoner-at-large," until finally, tiring of the delay, he returned to England. On another occasion in England Mr. Wes-ley was imprisoned for three months for debt, his enemies taking advantage of temporary financial embarrassment to persecute him. This recital of persecution of Methodists might be continued almost indefinitely, for the chapter of the wrongs they suffered is a long one; but space forbids a continuation of it at present. We are only sorry that too many Methodists have forgotten their early experience and to the extent of their ability, and so far as the more liberal laws under which we now live permit, stand ready to harass and persecute those whose faith and practice now differ from theirs, as theirs for-merly differed from that of the majority. Nevertheless, we do not believe that history has been written in vain, and we have confi-dence that there are not wanting many hon-est hearts who are still loyal to the principles of civil and religious liberty for which the early Methodists contended so earnestly. / Id. pp. 294, 295. John Wesley a Missioner to Georgia," by William Ste-vens Perry, D. D., bishop of the Protestant Episcopal Church of Iowa; New York Independent, March 5, 1891, pp. 5, 6. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Published Weekly by Pacific Press Publishing Go. ORGAN OF TAE International Religious hiberty Association. PRESIDENT,  ALLEN MOON. VICE-PRESIDENT, - A. T. JONES. SECRETARY, A. F. BALLENGER. Single Copy, Per Year, $1.00. ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York. 