olpos.  00  twat MBricz  222 THE AMEIRICAN SNTINEL. rATAeriorq..a.z., MOUS Libutll Association DEGLRIIRTION OF PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit,  ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on re-ligious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and hon-orable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil gov-ernment; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the ines-timable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES; 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK CITY. 219 5TH ST., S. R. WASHINGTON, D. C. 28 COLUMN PLACE, CHICAGO, ILL. 18 Posy Si'. SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. 251 W. MAIN ST., BATTLE CREEK, MICH. small shops on Sunday and make pur-chases to entrap the clerks into violating the Sunday laws." About the only thing that could possibly add to the dignity of a police force made up in part of men capable of such methods, would be to de-grade them from the force and then shun them as one would a deadly pestilence. Is it any wonder that anarchists multiply upon every hand, when laws are thus abused by those appointed to administer them ? Ł -4- IN its edition of June 25, the Christian Statesman says that the National Reform Association "has always held that the only foundation for the law of Sabbath rest is found in the law of God." It therefore follows that in enforcing it by civil law man is attempting to enforce the law of God, and the National Reform As-sociation is assuming to itself that pre-rogative.  lead righteous lives, instead of demanding so much civil law, their work would be much more in harmony with Him whom they profess to serve. UNDER the heading, " A Chicago Co-ercive Sabbatarian," the Chicago Tribune, of June 23, says At a church meeting Sunday night the Rev. Mr. Meloy, of the First United Presbyterian Church, made some remarks in favor of the rigid preven-tion by the civil authorities of all work on the first day of the week, called Sunday, which he per-sisted in calling the Sabbath, which is the seventh day of the week. Mr. Meloy's words are quoted with se-vere strictures, and the fact called to his attention of which he and his kind seem so willfully ignorant, that in Illinois, as everywhere else in the United States, the Church and State are separated, and the former can not use the powers of the latter to en, force obedience to its theology. Ł S.Ł  The Ohio Prohibitionists. C. ELDRIDGE, . FRESIDHNT. W. A. COLCORD, SHICENTARIG AN attempt is being made to obtain the enforcement of Sunday laws at Colfax, Iowa. FOURTEEN Chinese actors have been ar-rested for violation of the Sunday law in giving an exhibition at the Windsor The-ater on the evening of Sunday, July 5. AT Tacoma, Wash., the promoters of the Sunday-closing movement have se- cured a conviction in the cases on trial, and expect hereafter to enforce Sunday closing. DR. JOSEPH PARKER, of London, in the course of a sermon at the City Temple, took occasion to criticize Kaiser Wilhelm for his proposed visit to the naval exhi-bition on Sunday. Several articles pro-testing against this clerical censure have appeared in the London papers. "SAv, young man, I just broke my suspenders," said Policeman Kelley of the seventh precinct, to the clerk in the dry goods store at 37 Division Street, one Sun-day recently. " Will you give me a new pair ? Its very uncomfortable going around this way." When the package had been wrapped up, he arrested the clerk for violating a Sunday law. The next prisoner before the Justice, was Jo-seph Kelihart, a shoe dealer of 96 East Broadway. Policeman Conway hastily entered his place, and said : " Give me a bottle of shoe blacking. I want it for my wife. She's in a hurry to go to church." Kellhart gave him the article and was arrested. The Justice before whom the prisoners were arraigned condemned these arrests, saying that " it does not add to the dignity of the police force of this city for patrolmen to be permitted to enter SUNDAY evening, June 21, a policeman in citizen's clothes entered a New York grocery store and asked for a penny candle, it was furnished him and he arrested the proprietor for breaking the Sunday law. At the arraignment, in the Essex Market Police C®urt, Justice Ryan said,Š" I get disgusted with these cases. I am very sorry that I must hold you, Steckel, I would discharge you if I could." A volume of comment would not add to the plain teaching of such an incident as this. CHICAGO has a formidable array of so-cieties to look after its Sunday observance. They are the Sixth District organization of the American Sabbath Union; the Minis-terial Committee for the closing of the World's Fair on Sundays ; the Columbian Sunday Association; and the Chicago Sun-day Rest League. The latter association claims to be exclusively a civil society. To these should be added the Law and Order League, which has its headquarters in Chicago. REV. W. C. SELLECK spoke in Denver, Colorado, June 28, on the subject of Sun-day desecration. The Sunday newspaper, excursions, ball games, and like topics were considered. He said there was no doubt a public demand for these things. But the editorS of the papers, and those furnishing the amusements, were prompted wholly by the desire for money. Mr. Sel-leek did not advocate law as a remedy for the evil, but made a strong appeal, espe-cially to editors, to have a higher object than to simply make money. The good we may do should ever have the prece-dence, and our love for gain be kept in the background. If all the ministers would make their appeals to the hearts of individuals, trust-ing in God to move them by his Spirit to THE Ohio Prohibitionists, in their late Convention, have this preamble to their platform :Š The Prohibition Party of Ohio recognized God as the source of all just power in government. This preamble completely excludes from the Prohibition party in Ohio, any except Christians. No man who is infidel or atheist in his belief has any right in the party under that platform. And any one can see that if a political party adopting such principles comes into power it would be nothing short of a hierarchy. Infidels and atheists have the same civil rights as Christians. What will the Prohibition Party of Ohio do with such ? Will it dis-franchise them and still tolerate them in the country ? or will it drive them out ? God tolerates them here, and would it not be well for the Prohibition Party to con-sider this before resorting to radical meas-ures ? A careful consideration of this subject should lead men to see the foolish-ness in a political party adopting such principles. The civil power that will not protect all its citizens, regardless of relig-ious belief, who conduct themselves civ-illy, resolves itself into a persecuting des- potispa. They also placed the following plank in their platform:Š All men should be protected by law in their right to one day of rest in seven. Why not say it as the advocates for Sunday laws mean it ? All men are pro-tected by law in their right to one day of rest in seven, but we want to compel them to rest regardless of either their rights or desires. The same Convention passed the follow-ing resolution :Š Resolved, That we condemn the action taken by the Board of Control of the Columbian Exposition in opening its gates upon Sunday, and demand that the Congress of the United States shall pro-hibit such opening upon the Sabbath day. A. 0. TAIT. 