AMERICAN SENTINEL. 517 Is there anywhere a substantial reason for abandon-ing this traditional policy under which the country has been so prosperous and so free, and has grown to be so great? Don't Help the Saloon. FIGHTING the saloon under the banner of Sunday sacredness, is not a prosperous undertaking just now in Terre Haute, Ind. A "special" from that city to the Chicago Times-Herald says:Š "To-day [July 31] for the third time Rev. Fenwick Reed, the Methodist evangelist, and Rev. Mr. Shumaker of Mattox church lost a case in a jury trial, which they had brought against a saloon-keeper for keeping open on Sunday. "The testimony was direct and unimpeached. The lawyers for the saloon-keeper treated the ministers and the hundred or more women they had brought from the churches in the north end to court with harsh language. The lawyers contended that there is nothing in the Bible about keeping the Sabbath [Sunday] holy, and when the women objected to this they were called. Pharisees, etc. Then they hissed, and the lawyers called them geese and old hens. The hissing was redoubled, and the justice of the peace told the women they must stop. "The jury was out only a few minutes. The Anti-Saloon League has been secretly organizing for some weeks, and has sent a committee to Governor Mount to complain of his police commissioners, but the action of the north end preachers was not inspired by the league." Let the fight against intemperance be conducted on a purely temperance basis. When religion is brought into the controversy the saloon is strengthened, not weakened. The saloon can get sound arguments against the idea of Sunday sacredness and the necessity of Sun-day enforcement; but it can get no sound argument for its existence on the simple ground of the public welfare. Friends of temperance, don't put sound arguments into the mouth of the saloon. Wholesale "Conversions" to Rome. THE Roman Catholic archbishop of Bagdad reports wholesale conversions of Nestorians and Armenians in that part of Asia, to the papal religion. In a letter ad-dressed to the pope, yublished in the London Tablet, the archbishop says:Š "Holy Father, I am happy to be able to offer your holiness the first news of an event which will fill you with joy and for which your holiness will joinwith us in loudly thanking the divine goodness. The mission which two sons of St. Dominic from Mossul have been carrying on for the last three months in the midst of the Nestorian population, at the price of great fatigues, has won from heaven the most consoling results, which will soon be made known to your holiness by authentic documents.  Fifty thousand Nestorian Christians have given their adhesion to the Catholic faith into the hands of these gallant missionaries, Fathers Rhaore and de France, of the residence of Van; while in the region near this city, thirty thousand Gregorian Armenians have, thanks to the missionaries, also embraced Catholicism." The Tablet remarks that this far exceeds the result when Peter preached on the day of Pentecost and 3 000 were added to the believers; which is true enough, in a numerical sense. But the question of church prosperity is not a question of numbers. The more unconverted people there are in the church, the worse it is for the church. If this report be true, it is not the first instance of wholesale "conversions" in the history of the papal church. Back in the days whenCharlemagne and others championed the papal cause at the head of their troops, there were wholesale "conversions" and additions to the Catholic ranks; and before this, when Christian doc-trines and institutions were modified and accommo-dated to the ideas of the heathen whom it was desired to add to the church, there were likewise wholesale "con-versions." But what was the result? The church be-came corrupt, allied herself with the state, persecuted the saints, and gave almost her whole energies to the cause of unrighteousness and untruth. When a church begins to glory in its numbers, it is near the end of its usefulness in the world. Ł 44 Political Revolution and Papal Sovereignty. BY JOHN MCCARTHY. A SHORT time ago the correspondent in Rome of the great Italian newspaper the Corriere de la Sera, of Milan, one of the most influential papers in Europe, in political circles, said the following with regard to some themes of utmost public importance, which are intimately con-nected with the Vatican:Š "In a kind of secret consistory, convoked urgently upon the occasion of the bloody uprisings in Italy, which filled with pain the heart of every loyal Italian; the car-dinals who are most irreconcilable towards the royal house of Italy, sustained with much circumspection, al-though with great tenacity, the idea, that it was conve-nient and just in the highest degree, that the Catholic Church should profitŠalthough with all possible secrecy Šby the favorable opportunity that may present itself, for the recovery of all the rights of the Holy See. "After a very long discussion, these high papal dig-nitaries resolved that they would neither ordain any bishop, nor sanction the consecration of any priest who should in any way favor the diminution of such lament-able disorders, as has been the lot of Italy recently to witness." Yet these are the men who claim to be the represen-tatives of the Prince of Peace. Yes, the policy of Rome is to promote revolutions in. 