64 A.IVIMBEICA.TV VoL. 9, No. 8. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 22, 1894. Qom' ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. THE Western Watchman says that out of a total population of 95,000 in the Sandwich Islands 24,000 are Catholics. THE Catholic Standard remarks that " the Independent takes to itself entirely too much concern for affairs Roman." Is this, then, the reward of the Independ-ent's flattery of the Romish hierarchy in America ? Fate is indeed sometimes cruel. SOME have written us saying that the two articles which appeared recently in the SENTINEL, " The Limits of Civil Authority from the Standpoint of Natural Right," and " The Limits of Civil Authority from the Standpoint of Divine Obligation," ought to be printed in tract form. They have been. No. 13 of the Religious Liberty Library contains in a single tract the two articles. A FOOT note on Rev. 13: 18, in the Roman Catholic version of the Scriptures, says : " Six hundred sixty-six. The nu-meral letters of his name shall make up this number." The pope styles himself, " The Vicar of the Son of God," which title he wears in Latin upon his miter : " Vicarius Filii Dei." The numerical value of these letters is exactly 666; u being formerly the same as v. THE hearing on the proposed " Chris-tian " amendment before the House Com-mittee on the Judiciary, will be held March 6, instead of March 13, as stated last week. Our representative in Wash-ington was informed by the secretary of the committee that the hearing would be March 13, but it seems it has been defi-nitely fixed for another date. We do not know what step will be taken, if any, by opposers of the amendment to defeat it. IT is said that " republics are ungrate- ful;" but be that as it may, Roman Cath-olics certainly are: for, notwithstanding all that the National Reformers have done for Romanism in this country, the Catho-lic Standard says If the meddlesome Protestant ministers who are bothering poor congressmen in Washington about having an amendment adopted, putting God into the Constitution, were to put more of His principles into their sermons and lives, it would be better for them-selves, their congregations, if they have any worth talking about, and the country at large. If that is not base ingratitude what is it ? It is almost as unkind as to remind "Protestants," and Rome is not backward about doing that, that aside from popish tradition there is absolutely no authority  for Sunday-keeping. It would seem that so far as Rome's appreciation is concerned, National Reformers have "labored in vain and brought forth for trouble." As noted in these columns last week, McNamara, the anti-Catholic lecturer and agitator, has been sentenced to one year's imprisonment and to pay a fine of $500. The Western Watchman (Catholic) says :Š He will get more of the same medicine before the Missouri courts get through with him. We are glad to think that the jury that convicted the arch-slanderer was composed exclusively of Protestants. Father Dalton deserves the thanks of every Catholic in the country for having sent the arch-scoundrel, McNa-mara, to jail. We do not know all the facts in this case, but on the face of it it appears to be an outrage on free-speech. The fact that the jury was composed of " Protestants " is no guarantee that justice was done. There are " Protestants " and Protestants. A jury of the former would be no better than a jury of Catholics, if as good, for " corrupted freemen are the worst of slaves." IT was a rather ludicrous blunder into which Senator Voorhees fell, recently, in an attempt to gain a little cheap favor with the Catholics. The facts are thus stated in a Washington dispatch of Febru- ary 8:Š Senator Voorhees made a bad break to-day, which is exciting a great deal of amusement. He made the motion that the Senate adjourn until Mouday, and gave as his reason that to-morrow will be Good Fri-day, "yesterday was Ash Wednesday," he said, "and there is no reason why we should not observe Good Friday." None of the senators appeared to know that Voorhees was wrong, and the motion prevailed. Of course such a blunder was the occa- sion of general newspaper comment, but the following editorial note from the Phil-adelphia Times of the 9th inst., is about as pertinent as anything that we have seen :Š The Senate, it appears, is not well up in the ecclesi_ astical calendar. Having read in yesterday's papers that the day before was Ash Wednesday, the Senate, on motion of Mr. Voorhees, adjourned over to-day in order to observe Good Friday I No doubt a Lent of four days instead of forty would be widely popular, especially among young people, but it may be ques-tioned whether a decree of the Senate would be suffi-cient to effect this reform. Of course this action of the Senate can have no effect on the Lenten season in this case; but suppose there were a division of opinion in this matter and likewise in practice, and suppose that the adjourn-ment had been had with special reference to committing the Government to one side of the controversy; it at once becomes ap-parent how improper such action would be. And yet that is exactly what was done a few months ago in the matter of the Sunday controversy. Congress condi-tioned an appropriation upon the Sunday closing of the World's Fair, for the ex-press purpose of committing the Govern-ment to the cause of Sunday sacredness. The time long since foretold by the Na- tional Reformers has come when politi-cians are tumbling over each other in their haste to secure front seats in the "reform" car, and some ludicrous, and even disgust-ing, sights will certainly be witnessed. UNDER date of February 11, the United Press correspondent in Rome sent out this dispatch :Š The opposition to Archbishop Satolli, Apostolic Delegate to the Catholic Church in the United States, is ended. The pope was inflexible, and declared that he always would support Archbishop Satolli to accen-tuate his American policy. American Catholics may not like Satolli, that is, they may, and we believe, do, object to being ruled absolutely by an imported Italian ecclesiastic, but they will submit. Rome brooks no independence. THE Lutheran Standard thus states the position of Lutherans on the school ques- tion:Š It should be distinctly understood that the Lutheran Church does not make any demands upon the State for any support for her parochial schools. There is no opposition to the public schools from the ranks of the Lutheran Church. We recognize their necessity, and when we can do no better we use the advantages they afford. When, however, we can give our chil-dren a Christian training by establishing and support-ing a Christian school, no one in this land of the free has any right to forbid it. Any interference on the part of the State would be in violation of the national Constitution. This is the correct position. The church that occupies it stands on solid ground. A COLPORTERS' school and Bible insti-tute lately held by Seventh-day Advent-ists at Atlanta, Ga., was attended by more than one hundred and sixty missionary workers from every State south of the Ohio River and east of the Mississippi. Five colporters were in attendance who walked from two hundred to two hundred and sixty miles that they might receive the benefit of the meeting. All whose fields of labor were such that they could avail themselves of transportation by any of the lines of the Richmond and Danville systems were given the most liberal rates possible and treated With the utmost court-esy by the officials of that road. The uniform kindness and consideration met with by this people in the matter of rail-road transportation is in marked contrast with the suspicion, prejudice and persecu-tion which they so often have to meet among the community at large. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per year, - - Me 25 to 99 " " " " " - - - 80c 44 100 to 249 " " " " .., - - 75e 250 to 499 " " " " " - - - 70e 64 500 to 999 " " " " 44 - - 65e " 1000 or more « 66 44 " . . '. 60c To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York City. 