208 TIDE AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, JUNE 26, 1890. NOTE.Š Any one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari- able rule to out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. No Paper Next Week. As THE SENTINEL volume for this year is to consist of fifty numbers, we will issue no paper next week. Number 27 will therefore bear date of July 10. THE president of the Young Men's Christian Association of Indianapolis, has been asked to resign because as president of a street railway company he ran extra cars on Sunday to a suburban resort of doubtful character. The demand for his resignation comes from the Presbyterian ministers of that city. DURANGO, Colorado, has a Sunday law entitled, " An Ordinance Requiring the Observance of the Sabbath." But of course it is a mere " police regulation," a " sanitary measure," to secure to the " tired son of toil a day of rest." It must be so for with the exception of the title it is almost identical with numerous State and municipal acts which we are assured are purely civil. THE Western Western Herald published at Bur-lington, Iowa, comes to us filled with hard arguments against Sunday laws and kin-dred religious legislation. Referring to the efforts of the Sunday-law advocates the Herald says: " It has taken centuries to evolve separation of Church and State, and now we are asked to surrender our vantage ground, and relapse once more into the darkness of the mediwval ages." JUNE 11 and 12, there was held in this city a Temperance Congress representing every shade of temperance sentiment in the country, the only condition required of delegates, being opposition to the saloon. The Congress was large and enthusiastic, and while it adopted no platform and passed no resolutions, there was no room to doubt that an overwhelming majority present were third party Prohibitionists. The readers of THE SENTINEL need not be told that it is opposed to the liquor traffic, yet we could not help feeling that there was a spirit manifested in the Congress Which bodes no good to the country; it was the spirit of intolerance, and of gov-ernment by clamor. Speaking of the Su-preme Court decision in the original pack- age cases, one speaker said that. if the Constitution upheld the liquor traffic, he was in favor of spitting on the Constitu-tion and stepping on it. If the Constitu-tion as it is upholds the liquor traffic, we say let us respect it and abide by it until such time as public sentiment shall be ed-ucated up to the point of amending the Constitution. The country can get along very well without the patriotism that pro-poses to spit on the Constitution. WHEN Mr. Crafts started west across the Continent on his Sunday-law tour, we announced his appointments, which, it will be remembered, were invariably at one of two or three places each particular date. As he returns, he finds it necessary to make his appointment each date to be at any one of a series of from one to seven different places. They are as follows :Š June 27, Watertown, South Dakota, or St. Peter, Minnesota, or Mankato or Fergus Falls; June 29, Minneapolis; June 30, Winona or Faribault or Northfield or Owatonna or Hastings or Red Wing; July 1, Madison, Wisconsin, or La Crosse or Green Bay ; July 2, Madison or Prairie du Chien or Free-port or Galesburg or Dubuque or Davenport or Burlington; July 3, Des Moines or Cedar Rapids or Iowa City or Indianola or Keokuk. This form of appointment, says Secre-tary Gault, is " in order that the organi-zers of the opposition may not get on his track." It is well for the American Sab-bath Union thus to advertise his fear of the opposition. Why does n't he rally his seven million two hundred thousand Roman Catholic petitioners for a national Sunday law, and at one stroke overwhelm the opposition ? A READER has sent us a report of the Gloucester County (N. J.) Temperance Alliance clipped from the Gloucester Con-stitution, which is of interest because of one bit of information which it contains. Referring to an effort which had been made in the name of the Alliance to pre-vent the issuance of a liquor license to Lincoln Park Company, the chairman of the committee having the matter in charge said :Š In conversation with the judges your chairman told them our principal objection to Lincoln Park was the fear of Sunday selling and the consequent disgrace to our county. Some further history of the case then follows, and the report concludes thus :Š Our attorney stated plainly our objections. Then Mr. Mc Gowen, the President [of the Park company] and Mr. Patterson, the applicant, personally stated that no liquor would be sold on Sunday; that all the laws would be obeyed. . , Upon receiv- ing these assurances, on the advice of counsel, Łyour chairman consented to withdraw the remonstrance. Our counsel made the announcement to the court, the judges nodded their approval, and in a few minutes publicly announced that the license to keep an inn and tavern at Lincoln Park was granted. This shows the drift of much of the so-called temperance sentiment, and is right in line with something which ap-peared some months since in the Cali- fornia Prohibitionist: a correspondent of that paper remarked that if the saloons would only close on Sunday, he thought it was about all that could be reasonably asked of them. " MORAL forces," said Mrs. Mary T. La-thrap at the recent Temperance Congress in this city, " are the imperial forces, and the nation is safe only when its moral forces are on the throne. I believe that in some of our great cities, and in some eastern commonwealths, we are reaching a moral deadlock, when the moral forces are beaten down, and beaten back by the forces of evil around them. Now I believe that the Church is the party, and ought to be the organized expression of moral forces in government just as I believe that the saloon is the organized form of the devil's kingdom on earth." Let us examine this a little. " The moral forces are the imperial forces." " The nation is safe only when its moral forces are on the throne." " The Church is the organized expres-sion of moral forces in government." The inevitable conclusion is that the Church should be upon the throne. And yet, in common with other National Re-formers, Mrs. Lathrap would no doubt indignantly deny any desire to unite Church and State in this country or to subject the State to the Church. A JUDGE in Pennsylvania, lately ren-dered a decision on "works of necessity and mercy " on Sunday, in which he de-clared that Sunday could not be surren-dered to the fierce rivalry to get gain, and that "-it has come down to us with the most solemn sanctions, both of God and man, and if we do not appreciate it as we ought, we are, at least, bound to preserve it." Upon which, the Pearl of Days re-marks :Š Above all else, the supreme will of God as to what the Sabbath day was given to man for should enable us to decide questions of supposed necessity. Exactly ! That is the real reason in all the arguments for Sunday laws that are made, and it shows the hollow pre-tenses to virtue in the arguments of those who plead for the " civil" Sunday. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preserva- tion of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending towards a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact SINGLE OM PER YEAR, POST-PAID ..... $1.00. In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, . . . . 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. 