64 , AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, JANUARY .25, ISO°. Now that the Supreme Court of the United States has pronounced this nation "a Christian nation," it re-mains for the same body to say whether it is a Protestant or a Catholic "Christian nation"; for this question is necessarily involved. And just now there are three Catholics on the Supreme bench to help in deciding it. Ł WE are informed that the an-nouncement made in the SENTINEL of December 211ast, of the arrest of a seventh day obsdrver under the Sunday law, at .Citronelle, Ala., was incorrect, no arrest having been made. We are glad to know this was a mistake, though made on what we supposed was reliable infor-mation. WORD has been received from Mr. J. T. Eaton, of Rome, Ga., that sen-tence has been pronounced upon him by the court,, under the decision recently rendered against him for not keeping Sunday. The court at the conclusion of his trial suspended sentence, and Mr. Eaton hoped that the suspension might be indefinite; but he has now to pay a fine of $15 and costs, or serve one hundred days in jail or the chain-gang. We have not yet learned what course he has decided to pursue in the matter. WITH deep sorrow we make note of the sudden death (from pneumonia) of Mrs. S. M. I. Henry, whose contri-butions have often enriched the col-umns of this journal, and who  was an untiring worker in behalf of lib-erty of conscience as well as in other lines of Christian work. Mrs. Henry was long prominent in the work of the W. C. T. U., and was still eon- nected with that organization at the time of her death. A CONTROVERSY between Catholic parents and the public school au-thorities has arisen in Piermont, N. Y., and sixteen Catholic children have been dismissed as the result. The Catholics object to the nature of the religious exercises at which attendance is made compulsory in the schools, saying that the exercises are not non-sectarian. The contro-versy gives an illustration of the difficulties which grow out of the attempt to give religious instruction under civil authority. THE theocratic party who are busy , in the lobbies of the capital at Washington at every session of Con-gress, are trying hard to exercise an influence upon Congress in the Roberts case, in such a way as to establish a precedent for excluding members from Congress on moral grounds. They have in mind the exclusion from Congress of others besides polygamists and Mormons; and with such a precedent established they would with the help of their powerful religious allies be 'able ere long, to,  virtually dictate "moral" grounds of admission to the national legislature. IT is reported that Archbishop Chapelle, who has charge of Catholic interests in the American colonies, has an agreement with the Adminis-tration whereby the Catholic Church is to retain $20,000,000 worth of real estate in the PhilippinesŠjust the sum, by the way, that was paid Spain for the whole territory. Also "the Archbishop is to select the property." THE Sunday-closing movement in Toledo, Ohio, so far as regards Sun-day theaters, has received an unex-pected set-back; the jury in a test case having brought in a verdict of "not guilty" What further action, - if any,will be taken by the "Pastor's Union," which had charge of the. prosecutions, is not stated. .4 THE expression, "the American colonies," is once more coming to be a common one in the language of English-speaking people, as the newspapers of the day attest. We say "once more," because it was a common expression once before, more than a hundred years ago. But the Declaration of Independence came, and after that the expression "the American colonies" could not stay. It was plain enough at that time that these two were absolutely incompatible. But now this expres-sion has been revived, and, of course, the Declaration of Independence has been cast aside. The two cannot abide together now, any better than they could in 1776. .4 THE Scriptures constitute a valu-able text-book on the subject of "manifest destiny." The destiny of men and of nations is there made very manifest indeed, aid one needs only to believe what he reads in order to know all about the subject. "The soul that sinneth it shall die," may be cited as an illustration: That is manifest destiny for one class of people. On the other hand, "he that believeth and is baptized [thus having his sins removed] shall be saved;" and this is manifest destiny for another class of people. The governments and kingdoms of earth are spoken of in Psalms 2 and Daniel 2 as being finally broken in pieces to make, way for the setting up of the everlasting kingdom of God (see also Rev. 13, last half); and this is manifest destiny for the governments. And that this is so, no Christian can consistently deny. .4  THE army of 150,000 soldiers which England finds it necessary to send against the Boers, is a forcible comment upon the sublime wisdom which inspired the attempt of Jame-son and his raiders to capture the Transvaal with 300 men. 