NOVEMBER 19, 166: .A.1V1=EZICA.IN  363  sion meant death by the decree of Nero. And when it becomes evident that a religious observance depends upon the civil law for its maintenance, it becomes, equally evident that that observance is not a part of Chris-tianity. The Sabbath of the LordŠthe seventh dayŠis prospering without any aid from the civil power. s. WHY REFORMED PRESBYTERIANS DO NOT VOTE. SEVERAL R3formed Pre3byterian ministers have been telling recently why members of their communion do not vote. Among those who have been enlightening the public on this subject is Rev. J. M. Foster, pastor of the Second Reformed Presbyterian Church, Boston. Mr. Foster spoke on this subject Sunday afternoon, November 1. The Boston Globe, of the next day, contained, quite a lengthy synopsis of his discourse, from which our quotations are made. Referring to the candidates, Mr. Bryan and Mr. McKinley, the speaker said that the pulpits of the country were almost unani-mously opposed to the election of Mr. Bryan, because the platform upon, which he stood represented "repudiation and anarchy," while the platform upon which Mr. McKinley stood represented "honest money and patriotic loy- alty." He continued:Š Both these platforms stand on the national.Consti-tution, and that instrument represents disloyalty to Christ the King. If good citizens should refuse to accept the Chicago platform, then Christian citizens should refuse to ac-cept the Constitution of the United States. Ł We cannot swear to su.11->nrt the Cens'ituthm of the United States, because it does not recognize God as the source of all authority, the Lord Jesus Christ as the ruler of nations, and the Bible as the fountain of all law. For the nation to ign )re thove f gets in its funda-mental law is the most flagrant affront to the King of kings. We cannot swear to support the Constitution of the United States, because the Constitution substitutes the, people's sovereignty for Christ "We, the peo- ple," are the supreme arbiters in national affairs. This is. not a reliable standard of morals. Public opinion is unstable as water. To day it shouts "Hosanna," to-morrow it cries "Crucify him!" A government of the people, by the people, and for the people, is only possible in subjection to the righteous and benignanedominion of the Lord Christ. To en-throne the people is to dethrone Christ. To adopt the will of the, people as supreme law is to set aside the will of Christ. The Constitution ought to read, "We, the people, recognizing Christ the King." We cannot swear to support the Constitution of the United States, because the Constitution contains pro-visions that are unscriptural. It provides that when the President is inaugurated he shall swear or affirm. An appeal to God is the very essence of the oath. To leave that out is to take the heart out of the body. The Scriptural rule is explicit, "Thou shalt fear the Lord thy God and swear by his name." To leave out the name of God violates this divine law. It will be seen by the foregoing quotations that Reformed Presbyterians utterly fail eto distinguish between civil and moral author-ity. Moral authority is that which is exer-cised directly by God himself; and his will is expressed in the ten commandments which are to be the rule of the divine judgment. All power and authority is originally from God, bat he has committed to men the ad-ministration of civil rule; and this he has given to men as men, and not to governments. He has made man a social, moral being, and so endowed him with the instinct of self-preservation, that for their own protection men organize into civil governments. "Each person has the natural right to pro- tect his person and property against all inva-sions, but if this right is to be personally ex-ercised in all cases by each person, then in the present condition of human nature every man's hand will be against his neighbor. That is simple anarchy, and in such a condi-tion of affairs society cannot exist. Now suppose a hundred of us are thrown together in a certain place where there is no estab-lished order; each one has all the rights of any other one. But if each one is individu-ally to exercise these rights of self-protection, he has the assurance of only that degree of protection which he alone can furnish to him-self, which we have seen is exceedingly slight. Therefore all come together, and each sur-renders to the whole body that individual right, and in return for this surrender he re-ceives the power of all for his protection. He therefore receives the help of the other ninety-nine to protect himself from the inva-sion of his rights, and he is thus made many hundred times more secure in his rights of person and property than he is without this surrender." So far as the rulers are concerned they de-rive their power from the people, while the people derive their authority or power from God, not by special revelation, or in any 'mir-aculous way, but because it is implanted in their very natures. It is a "self-evident truth that all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with cer-tain unalienable rights: that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness; that to secure these rights governments are instituted among men." Civil government is for all men, and it ex-ists in some form or other in all parts of the world. Of course the higher and better forms of civil government are found in so-called Christian lands, but life and property are protected to some extent even in the most benighted countries. The superiority of civil government in " Christian " lands is no doubt due to the in-fluence of Christianity, in elevating, enlighten-ing, and refining men, giving them better ideas of justice, etc. It does not follow, however, that Christianity or the Christian Scriptures should be recognized by law, or by the government. To do so would be to make government the judge of the divine law, or of men under that law, and thus in turn de-stroy individual responsibility to God; be-cause men, being the interpreters of God's lawŠnot each man for himself, but those in authority interpreting it for the peopleŠthe individual would not seek to know the law of God for himself, but simply the interpreta-tion put upon that law by the goverment. The Principle Illustrated. This principle is aptly illustrated by the attitude which some people assume toward the Sabbath question. Civil governments almost universally recognize the first day of the week as the Sabbath; and all civilized countries have more or less stringent laws re-quiring its observance. The Bible declares that "the seventh day is the Sabbath," and requires that it be kept holy. When the claims of God's law are urged upon the peo-ple, very many of them respond that the laws of the land require the observance of Sunday, and that as it is their duty, to be subject to "the powers that be," they observe that day instead of the seventh day. Some who readily admit that the Bible requires the keeping of the seventh day, take the position here indicated, and feel themselves excused from all obligation to obey the divine law. Again, the same principle is illustrated in the matter of divorce. The Scriptures per- mit divorce for only one cause. The laws of many of the States permit divorce for numer-ous causes. Now, no one will deny that this has a great influence upon the minds of many persons, and that it eases the consciences of even professed Christians, they feeling satis-fied that as long as they have complied with the civil law they are free; while the fact re-mains that they are none the less amenable to the claims of the divine law. Not only does compliance with the civil law of divorce ease the consciences of the people, but nearly all religious denominations bow to the decisions of the civil courts in such matters, and retain in their communion numerous persons who, according to the Scriptures, are living in adultery; retain them simply because while living in open violation of the law of God, they have com-plied with the law of the State. * Changing the Divine Law. The fact is that government cannot prop-erly take cognizance of the divine law' with-out in effect changing that law. For in-stance, the divine Sabbath law says: "Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work: but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God: in it thou shalt not do any work." As before remarked, almost all coun-tries have so-called Sabbath laws, that is, laws requiring the observance of Sunday. These laws are based upon a human interpre-tation of the fourth commandment; and not only do they nullify that commandment by substituting another day for the one specified in the commandment, but they likewise nul-lify it by introducing exceptions not con-tained in the commandment. The command-ment-says: "In it thou shalt not do any work." All Sunday laws contain numerous exceptions permitting very much that is not permitted by the divine law; and thus thou-sands of people feel warranted in doing on the day which they suppose is the Sabbath, things which are forbidden by the fourth commandment on the Sabbath, but which are permitted by the law of the land. Thus their consciences are eased because the law of the land interposes between them and the law of God a human interpretation of that law, thereby, like the apostate kings of Israel, causing the people to sin. Mr. Foster's charge that the "Constitution contains provisions that are unscriptural," is due to a misapprehension on his part of what the Scriptures teach in regard to civil gov-ernment. Civil government is ordained of God for a specific purpose only, namely, for the securing of natural rights. As we have often shown in these columns, God reserves in his own hands all moral rule; he tells us through our Lord Jesus Christ to "render unto Caesar the things that are Omar's, and unto God the things that are God's." The Constitution Scriptural. Instead of being unscriptural, the Consti-tution of 'the United States is decidedly scrip-tural in that it does not trench upon the prerogative of God, but leaves every man per-fectly free in matters of religion; and there is certainly no good reason why any man, rightly understanding the province of civil government, could not be in perfect harmony with the Constitution of the United States. Understand, we are not insisting that voting is a moral duty. Individuals are found everywhere who are conscientiously opposed to voting. Their consciences in this matter * The SENTINEL does not deny the right of the State to legis-late upon marriage and divorce. We cannot, however, close our eyes to certain evil results, only one of which we have mentioned. 