APRIL 18, 1895. EIT-4., 125 first, thereby interfere with any natural right of their neighbors ? or is it an artificial right created by human law ?" There can be but one answer given to the judge's question, viz. : It is an artificial right. Private work on Sun-day by one man does not interfere with the right of another man not to 'work. So that the only reason for enforced Sunday observ-ance, by the indiVidual, is a religious reason, as Judge Parks and Judge Hammond, in common with many other jurists, admit. But it was clearly the purpose of the framers of the Declaration of Rights of Tennessee to forever prohibit the legalization of any religious institution or the enforcement of any religious practice. "Among all the religious persecu-tions; with which almost every page of modern , history is stained, no .victim ever suffered but for violation of what government denominated the 1 of God." eIt was doubtless to prevent similar evils- that the framers of the Decla-ratioirof Rights of Tennessee wisely prohibited the legislature from intermeddling with ques-tions affecting the conscience. But the memorial presented to the legisla-'-ture by the Adventists of Rhea County goes farther than to merely assert their rights of conscience in this matter. It takes the ground that Sunday laws interfere with the rights of conscience of every man. The constitution of Tennessee was evidently not designed to guarantee toleration merely, but to establish religious liberty. It was evidently the pur-pose. of the framers of that instrument to af-ford equal protection to all citizens of the State, whether Jews, Christians, or agnostics. " The protection of the constitution extends to every individual or to none. It is the in-dividual that is intended to be protected. The principle is the same whether the many or the few are concerned. The constitution did not Mean to inquire how many or how few would profess or not profess this or that particular religion. If there be but a single individual in the State who professes a particular faith, he is as much within the protection of the constitution as if lie agreed with the great majority of his fellow-citizens. . . . Under the constitution of this State the leg-islature cannot pass any act, the legitimate effect of *hich is forcibly to establish any merely religious truth, or to enforce any merely religious observances. The legislature has no pOwer over such a subject. When, therefore, the citizen is sought to be compelled by the legislature to do any affirmative reli-gious act, or to refrain from doing anything, because it violates simply a religious principle or observance, the act is unconstitutional.' This language, though used concerning the constitution of California, is just as appropri-ate to the constitution of Tennessee. The Declaration of Rights of the latter State seeks to provide for abSolute religions equality; but the Sunday law of the State clearly does give preference to a religious institution, giving it the patronage of public authority. It gives those religious denominations that observe Sunday a decided advantage over all others, and imposes a heavy burden upon observers of -another day. Thus it infringes the rights alike, of the seventh-day Christian, of the Jew, and of the man who professes no reli-gion. Nor does it stop here, for, as is clearly set forth in the memorial, it interferes with the right of lepery man, for it leaves no man free.to  change his opinion and practice in re-garq. to Sunday work. The memorial ought to receive candid consideration at the hands of the legislature and of the people of Ten-nessee. Report of United States Senate Committee on Post Officcs and Post Roads, communicated to the Senate, January 19, 1829; Richard M. Johnson, of Kentucky, Chairman. 4  The Supreme Court of California, April term, 1858, ex parte Newman. THEY DEFEND THE PERSECUTION. THE Examiner and National Baptist, of this city, has entered courageous, consistent and persistent protest against the persecution of seventh-day observers. However, it is no more than would be expected from the denom-ination of Roger Williams. The surprise is, that there can be found a Baptist paper that justifies these persecutions. Yet the writer has before him six Baptist papers, .four from this country and two from Canada, that at- tempt to defend these violations of the prin-ciple of religious liberty. Some of our readers would doubtless be interested to read some of them. The following from the Texas Baptist Standard, of March 28, is a representative of these defenses, both as to the spirit mani-fested and arguments(?) adduced:Š The Standard has received a copy of the county paper of Rhea County, Tenn., in which there is a lengthy account of the trial and imprisonment of a number of Seventh-day Adventists, who were indicted and convicted for violating the Tennessee Sunday law. Some of our Baptist exchanges have wasted consider-able breath in trying to work up sympathy for this kind of lawlessness, but as yet the Standard has not been able to enter into their views of the case. It may be a matter of conscience for a Seventh-day Advent-ist to keep Saturday, but it is certainly not a matter of conscience for him to become a lawbreaker. Our opinion is that these Adventists knowingly premedi-tate the breaking of the Sunday law in order to be arrested and put in jail, so that they may be able to raise the cry of persecution. It used to be a matter of conscience with an orthodox Mormon to have any-where from two to two dozen wives, but the National Government seems to have taken the view that a man's conscience in such a case had gone wrong, and that the man who carries such a conscience around with him, is a good deal more at home in jail or in the pen-itentiary than anywhere else. It might be a matter of conscience with some men to whip their wives. And there are a great many men who never suffer a twinge of conscience on account of any violation of the moral code. It is a matter of conscience with the saloon keeper to sell whiskey on Sunday, because there are a great many topers who drink more on Sunday than any other day. From these obviouS facts, it would follow that lawlessness should not be tolerated simply because it happens to be done under the guise of religion or on the plea ,of liberty of conscience. As the Standard sees, it is just as much harm for Seventh-day Adventists to violate the laws governing the Christian Sabbath as it is for the saloon-keeper. To take the position that the Seventh-day Adventists have the right to secularize the Lord's day, and turn it into a day of work, is to concede all that they claim on the Sabbath question. If they feel in conscience bound to work on Sunday they need not flaunt it in the faces of Christians who believe in keeping the Lord's day holy unto him. In reply to all this we submit the following from the Examiner and National Baptist :Š "We did not expect any Baptist would defend the prosecution of otherwise inoffensive Chris-tians for labor on the first day of the week that disturbs nobody else. . . . It would have been easy, by the use of similar argu-ments, for those who persecuted Baptists in the past, to have justified their conduct and policy." AMEN!  THE Evangel and Sabbath Outlook, of March 21, encourages the persecuted Seventh-day Adventists of Rhea County, Tenn., with the following words:Š We say to these Sabbath-keepers, let the officers have your bodies for prison cells and chains, but sell neither truth nor loyalty to God's Sabbath, To this the Cottage Pulpit, of Nashville, Tenn., responds thus:Š Amen! to that sentiment, brother of the Evangel. And may it spread over this State and Union and find a lodgment and take root and grow and bear fruit in the hearts of true patriots everywhere, until the dark spirit of religious bigotry and blindness shall be driven from the field it has invaded under cover of these old "Blue Law" statutes in the codes of this and other States. If the legislature of Tennessee now in session at the  Capitol would do its duty, it would not adjourn until it has wiped off the stain of this Rhea County dis-grace from the escutcheon of our good commonwealth. If the members of the two houses of this legislature would do an act of lasting benefit to the State and honor to themselves, individually and collectively, they have only to apply the knife to the religious persecuting section in our revised code, and hurl it out! To the utterances of both the Sabbath Out-look and the Cottage Pulpit, the SENTINEL says Amen! THE POPE'S LOVE FOR AMERICA. [The following editorial kindly translated from Die Rundschau (Chicago) of February 6, and sent us for publication, by Rev. Oscar Goelz, of Gretna, La., dis-plays unusual courage and perception.] THAT Leo XIII. fondly cherished within his papal heart these United States, we knew long ago. Especially in the past three years have we been hearing much of it. In 1892, there came this bit of news from Rome: "What the church has done in the past for other nations, she will now do for the United States." In the following year this papal -de-sign materialized. Satolli came to this coun-try as the pope's delegate, announcing the purpose of his mission in an address to the Catholic Congress assembled at Chicago in the month of September, in these pertinent words: " Bring your country into immediate contact with that great secret of blessednessŠChrist and his church." A month later Professor O'Gorman of the Washington University, in a paper read before the World's Congress of Re-ligions, made claim to this country for the pope " by right of discovery and possession," and because of " its religious character and Christian principles." Shortly after occurred Cardinal Gibbons' jubilee celebration. On this occasion Archbishop Ireland proclaimed the union of the Catholic Church and the United States at the banqueting hall, by con-gratulating those assembled there on the privilege they enjoyed of seeing this union " typified " in the arrangements before their eyes, in that "the Vice-president of the United States comes here and takes his seat alongside the cardinal." Then on the 22nd of Septem-ber, 1894, Bishop Keane, Rector of the Cath-olic University at Washington, brought this item of news from Rome: "The policy of the pope is . . . the union of the church with the great democratic powers of the future, that is, America and France. This is his hope, and unto its fulfillment tend all his remarkable endeavors." And shortly after-ward we were apprized of the pope's intention to declare America a Catholic country, and that, he thought the United States " the most promising field for the church in the whole world." The latest papal encyclical to the American bishops, the contents of which was made public the beginning of last week, breathes the same spirit of love for the United States. And this circumstance makes it noticeable also to non-Catholics. For this fact, the pope's bestowirig his special favor on our country, is a very serious sign of the times, and all having at heart the welfare of our nation and wishing its liberty to be retained inviolate, would do well to closely observe this sign of the times and take to heart the lesson such observation teaches. Referring to the Columbus celebration in his encyclical, the pope pays a high tribute to the American people for the powerful progress achieved. Naturally his special favor centers in the Catholics, giving expression to his joy. over the fact that under the free institutions of our Republic, unfettered and unbiased by any legislation whatever, his church has de- 