AMERICAN SENTINEL. 243 I have stood by the grave of the mighty American dead, as more than a year ago I stood by the graves of Amer-ican missionaries in India, beneath the rustle of the palm tree and the light of the Southern Cross; I have seen in the last six months a puissant nation rousing herself from sleep and shaking once more her invincible locks, and those timid and pessimistic teachers who are warn-ing us to beware of our destiny and shrink back from it misconceive and underrate the mighty and noble spirit of the American people." Thus it is seen not only that he is still pushing for-ward his idea of a world's religion, but that he is en-listing in the enterprise this "greater America" which he describes. And she, with her united people, her greater army and navy, her combinations of Christian teachers, and Christian scholars, and Christian professors, and Christian preachers, and Christian president, is already dubbed "the strongest and most chivalrous knight, equipped for valiant service in the kingdom of God, to be seen on the face of the earth." And thus this nation is expected to take the lead in turning this world into the kingdom of God. There can be no doubt at all that in all this Dr. Bar-rows has rightly gauged the "Christian" public opinion of the United States, for this is exactly the new phase that the theocratic combinations already formed, might properly be expected to take on; it is strictly in their line of things; and as marking the progress of the Na-tional Reform elements of the country, it is a distinct sign of the times. A. T. J. The Constitution of American Imperialism.ŠNo. 1. BY JOHN D. BRADLEY. IMPERIALISM is the reign of arbitrary power. Amer-ican imperialism is the same thing. Arbitrary power is lawless powerŠpower acknowledging no limitation or restraint. It is a substitution of will in the place of law*Šthe will of the individual or individuals exercising the power. An eminent statesman and philosopher has well declared that "law and arbitrary power are in eternal enmity." In the very nature of things arbitrary power cannot conform to principles or remain within constitutional restraints. These things can have no part nor parcel with it, because it defies them. American imperialists know this. They know it, not because they have stopped to reason it out, but because at almost every step they take they find the plain and unmistakable language of the fundamental law of their country ordering them to halt. Some of them have  halted long enough to declare that this is not now a. government of law, but a government of will; that con-stitutional government has been succeeded by arbitrary power. A great many have said this. Here are the,  words some have used in saying it:Š "A Constitution and national policy adopted by thirteen half consolidated, weak, rescued colonies, glad to be able to call their life their own, cannot be expected to hamper the greatest nation in the world."* " This nation has become a giant who is no longer content with the nursery rhymes which were sung around his cradle."t "In the right to acquire territory is found the right to govern, and as the right to acquire is sovereign and un-limited, the right to govern is a sovereign right, and I maintain is not limited in the Constitution. I think it must be admitted that the right to govern is sovereign and unlimited. . . . Governments derive their just-powers from the consent of some of the governed."* " To that great trust [the Philippines, Cuba, and Porto Rico], under the providence of God and in the name of human progress and civilization, we are ',com-mitted. . . . Did we need their consent to perform a great act of humanity? . . . We did not ask; we wereŁ obeying a higher moral obligation which rested on us-and which did not require anybody's consent. We were doing our duty by them with the consent of our own consciences and with the approval of civilization. . . . While the war was in progress we could not ask their views. Nor can we now ask their consent. . . . No one-can tell to-day what is best for them or for us. I know no one at this hour who is wise enough or sufficiently informed to determine what form of government will best subserve their interests and our interests, theirs-and our well-being."§ "The Declaration of Independence was made to suit a particular existing condition of things. . . . The Dec-laration meant simply that the colonies had become tired of the British domination, deeming it oppressive, and intended to set up a government of their own by the right of revolution. They were not laying down a.  principle for anybody except themselves, and they had no conception of the 'consent of the governed' as it is proclaimed by Mr. Bryan and the generally hypocritical gang who are sympathizing with him in the hope of cheating us out of our rightful conquests."II "It is a favorite notion now to quote the words, `Governments are instituted among men deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed,' as if these embodied a law of application to all inhabitants alike. . . . It was never the intention [of the signers of the Declaration] to assert that the negroes or the savage race must give consent before just government should be established over them. . . . The Declaration of In.. dependence was a formal notice that inhabitants of the colonies consented no longer to British rule.'" Franklin MacVeagh. f President Northrup at Chicago Peace Jubilee banquet. Senator Platt, of Connecticut, in the United States Senate. § President McKinley at Boston. Some one has said: "If it be true that the Philippines were entrusted to our hands by the providence of God-it ends the discussion. However, it is yet novel doctrine that public sery ants may substitute what they guess to be the will of God for the constitu-tion and laws of the land. In this entire matter there has been too much certainty as to the Divine will, and too little attention to constitutional re-quirements and difficulties." The New York Sun. The New York Tribune. When we say law we mean law. A statute may or may not be law. It may receive all the sanction of government, and yet be only the lawless declaration of arbitrary power. It is law that "all men are created equal:,  and that "governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed." Many statutes have affirmed the contrary. They were not law but were rebellion against law. 