17172 THE. 5,ENTINEL, OF 11,113R-ry., rebuked and told that such -was not his mission. 4  For all they that take the sword shall perish with the sword.' "My Kingdom. Is: Not of This World." "There was another occasion when Jesus showed most unmistakably his attitude toward the state; it was when he said, ` My kingdom is not of, this world, if my kingdom were of. this world then would my servants. fight that I should not be, livered to the Jews. But now is my kingdom not from hence.' " Now the reason for this position that Jesus takes: has been, incidentally alluded to. It is stated in the words already quoted, ' My kingdom is not of, this world.' Jesus. came here to establish the king-dom of heaven, and. his teaching shows from begin-ning to end that the kingdom of, heaven is not the kingdom of this world. The Roman state,had ab-solutely nothing to do with it whatever. After his death andafterhis resurrection you, remember, how the people came.and asked, him: if at last his king-40,m should. be  restored.. His answer. showed that he, had. no intention whatever to restore the tern-,  poral kingdom of Israel. The kingdom. he came to establish. is ehtirely distinct from the, state.—Some., thing, that may, have indirectly a great, influence upon the, state, but, something' that: is,' not of the state. The. Christian-?s Duty. to the: State. "Jesus ,showed, however, that every ciiiierr owes., .a.ditty to the state, when h,e said, 'Render to Csar the things that are Csar'S-.' Jesus,  recognized the worst government that ever was, a bad government that was soon, to take his own life., as holding position,  by virtue of the power' of God. You remember 'also' that Paul and Peter exhorted the Christians to obey the civil power, that! power that was hostile to. them: Those to Whom, they ,wrote acknowleged allegiance to, Jesus of Nazareth,:but the  apostles nevertheless counseled them to be obedient to the state, ThiS does not mean that we Can sweep the whole, thingout'of existence. ' Jesus came to establiSh the kingdom of heaven." Whiton's Opinion. _ lt, Was, evident that, the thoughts expressed by-:Professor Battenfwere .not s,nc h, as Ł the projectors, of , the, Conference, hoped:. to-call, out when, they deter-- mined,- upon- the. program., 'I., WhitOn,, chairman, of. the. execntive-,  committee, was.. upon,  the platfOrm, and, hastened to break as, far as possi-ble the force of Professor's Batten's remarks.. He , said: , " I think that there were very clear conceptions of. responsibility for the realization Of political ideals among the prophets of Old Testament history; and that Jesus in his ministry quietly set his seal upon. these prophets., * * It has been said that we have no Christian sources. at all. But the Christian ideals in that respect are ,to be fOund in.., the Old Testament, not in the New. It is to Israel that we must go for-political ideals, and the books of. the Old Testament are just as truly Christian-Scriptures as the New Testament." What Are the Political' Ideals of the' Old Testament ? The answer to this' question must depend,  upon what is meant by "Old Testament ideals." Does the question refer to the ideals of the people, re, corded and preserved in the historical portion. of the Old Testament? or does it refer to what " holy, men of ,GrOd " taught upon the subject of ideal government? , Judging from Professor Schmidt's paper the former was intended, for he dealt almost entirely with ,the historical phase of the question, tellihg, what the people aspired to, what they asked' of Samuel, and what the Lord in response to that demand' instructed' the prophet to give to them. Ł From this, the historical standpoint, one of' the,, political ideals of the Old Testament, that is of the" people whose: history is there, recorded; was mon-archy, that they might "be like all the nations."' Still,later, after the kingdom had been rent in twain and had become subject in turn to Syria, Babylon, to MedO-Persia, to Grecia, and' to Rome, the political ideal'of the people was the restoration of 'the temporal monarchy that Israel might again "be like alPthenations."' It was the' prevalence of this,ideaLŁwide-spread and delusive- as-it was, that led.the, Jews'to reject the,- Messiah when, he came as,. the babe of Bethlehem,,the ,carpenter of Nazareth* the. teacher of. Galilee, instead of, coming toset up: againthe throne .of. Dayid in the city of, Jerusalem.` But was, not, the- political. ideal, of. the-Old=. Testament The, political ideal of the Old' Test  merit. was.. TheocracyŠgovernment- of: a . people'by Godhimself, "And.had.sid,never entered; there: never. would ,have-been any other. kind 'of goy,,,  ernment, for Adam. as the head of ,the race would. have administered, only the will.of,God, Mau-rebelled against, God's governrhent: would: have. none of it. Israel.. demanded-, 