28 'T'HE AIVIRMCAN SENTINEL. Sozomen's " Ecclesiastical History," book 1, chap. 9. Neander says that this furnished to worldly-minded bishops " a welcome occa-sion for devoting themselves to any foreign and secular affairs, rather than to the appropriate business of their spirit-ual calling ; and the same class might also allow themselves to be governed by impure motives in the settlement of these disputes." Vol. 2, sec. 2. Thus the way was open for the Church to exalt itself above the civil power, and the dignitaries of the Church were not slow to seize the opportunity. This point gained, the highest offices in the Church were filled by political methods, and through intrigue and bloodshed the worst characters became bishops, some-times before any formal initiation into the Church. With these, no opposition of whatever kind was tolerated, and any who dared to be out of harmony with a bishop, paid the penalty with his life. All this naturally grew out of the false notions of theocracy entertained by the Church of that time. If the State was a theocracy all government must be moral, as the government of God. In this way the Church became the State, and the State the Church. This accomplished, the Church of Rome was not long in securing an em-pire, known as the estates of the Church, and its bishops lived in a style of luxury and pomp rivaling that of the emperor himself. But when the Church thus per-mitted itself to surrender the power of the gospel for that of regal splendor, it was the stepping-stone of the nation's down-fall. Corruption of the most fetid kind permeated the government and enervated the people. This made them. an  easy prey to the barbarians of the North who dis-membered and destroyed the empire. The Dark Ages followed, and for hundreds of years religious wars, and religious persecutions afflicted the people of Europe. Not one of these were neces-sary had the great truth been recognized, " that the State has no concern with the opinions of men, and no right to interfere, even in the slightest degree, with the form of worship which they may choose to adopt." Buckle's History of Civiliza-tion, vol. 1, page 190. The theocratical theory has in fact al- ways wrought mischief when introduced into human governments. It could not be otherwise; for that theory undertakes to make the Bible the rule of government, and to administer the rule according to the interpretation placed on the Bible by the officers of the government. This takes away the right of private judgment, extends the authority of law to opinions, as well as to acts, and so invades the indi-viduality of every subject of the govern-ment, which' always was, and always will be, extremely wrong. J. 0. CORLISEL Which One? THERE is a saying that when the nuptial knot is tied and the twain are pronounced one, then the struggle begins to know which one. This is not true when man and woman are truly married, and love ties the knot. The reason this is nci true is because God made the woman for. tne man, out of a part of the man, to be a part of the man. Either one alone is in-complete. God said, " It is not good that man should be alone." If this was said of man before the woman was made, time, and the average experience, and develop-ment of ancient maidenhood, has proved it to be, at least equally true of the wo-man. The two go together, and it takes both to constitute a whole man, capable of fulfilling all the functions, and realizing the ideal for which the race was created. Now it is by no mere chance that the Church in the Bible is always represented as a woman. The metaphors of the Bible are more subtle and far reaching in their meaning, than our highest comprehension of them. The true Church of Christ, with its longing love, and tender sympathy and gentle ministrations, is in the world as a true woman in a plague stricken hamlet. The sympathetic voice, the tender touch of grateful ministration to the suffering soul, are essentially feminine. The world and its kingdoms are fitly represented in the Bible by the cold metallic image of a man ; also by the lion, the bear, the he-goat, and the ram,Šall masculine. Surely why not marry the Church to the world ? Because she was not made for the world. Said the Saviour, " Ye are not of the world even as I am not of the world. If ye were of the world the world would love its own; but because ye are not of the world, but I have chosen you out of the world, therefore the world hateth. you." Again the admonition is, " Love not the world, neither the things of the world. If any man love the world the love of the Father is not in him." It is therefore evident that the Church was not made for the world, as the wife for the husband; on the contrary, the true Church has been won by God's mighty love out of the world, and espoused as a chaste virgin to Christ. 2 Cor. 11: 2. She completes man not by uniting herself to him to minister to his earthly ambitions and passions, but by lifting him above these, and uniting him to Christ, in whom is all the fullness of the Godhead, and in whom only, we can be complete. To unite the Church to earthly governments is, therefore, not only to rob Christ of his bride, and drag her down through infinite depths of pollution, to the adulterous com-merce of the world, but it is to bring about a union where there can be no gen-uine love. The world hates the Church, and the true Church can not love the world. She may love the individuals in the world, and  long to lift them up to union with Christ, but she can not love the world. Such a union can only be at the dictation of am-bition and passion; and when marriage takes place for these reasons, it is to the lowering, and not to the lifting of both the uniting parties. Moreover, when such a union takes place, the struggle always begins, at once, to know which shall be the one, for they are not really united, not both one. Their aims and objects and ambitions are different, and not only different, but conflicting. The conflict is imminent in the union and it can result in only one of two ways. While the conflict is on, the best that can be is a compromise between the Church and the State,Ša compromise which neither party regards as satisfac-tory and final, and so, with plotting and counterplotting, the struggle goes on. If it is ever settled at all, it is either by the total subjection of the Church to the State, or by the total subjection of the State to the Church. The former is paganism, as in Rome under the emperors, where reli-gion was utterly prostituted to political ends; the latter is the Papacy of the twelfth century, with the so-called vicar of Christ, but the real vicar of the devil, supreme. The world knows what both of these systems are too well to wish either experiment repeated. Either of them if carried out to complete success is the utter destruction of the true Church from the Ł earth. It is either a false State, and no real Church where the soul of man can live the life of God, or it is a false Church, and no State where the bodies of men can be protected from persecution and death. No wonder Roger Williams called this a body-killing, soul-killing, and State-kill- ing doctrine. G. E. FIFIELD. The Toronto Baptists and the Sunday Street Cars. IN the discussions in Toronto, Ontario, over running the street cars on Sunday, the Baptist ministers of that city have dissented from the ministers of the other denominations. As is well known the Ł street cars do not run in Toronto on Sun-day. The city council recently said to the people that if they would secure a given number of names to a petition, praying that the cars be run on Sunday, they would submit the question to the vote of the people. To this action of the council the Ministerial Association strongly dissented, saying that the question was not one to be submitted to the people. The Baptist Ministers in the Association took excep-tions, as voiced in an editorial in the Canadian Baptist, of December 24; of which the following is an extract:Š It must have required not a little courageous loy-alty to conviction on the part of the Baptist ministers of this city to take and maintain the stand they did, in opposition to the views of most of their brethren of other denominations, at the recent 