MARCH 2, 1898. AmcvnicA_N m 67 tion to recover back the value of the five million souvenir half-dollars in case, from any reason, the gates of the Expozition shall be opened on Sunday. We do also " Resolve, That we specifically oppose the passage of the law introduced by Hon. George W. Houk, of Ohio, to open the gates of that Exposition after 12 o'clock 31. on Sunday. God's Fourth Command-ment applies to the whole seven days of time, and when referring to the Sabbath requires the whole of it to be kept holy, and does not read " Remem-ber the first half of the Sabbath day to keep it holy." The same number of men, amounting to hundreds of thousands, would be compelled to work on the Lord's day if the gates should be open from 12 o'clock m. onwards, as would be so com-pelled to work if the gates were open for the whole day. Half-day opening would lead to whole-day desecration. May God save the Christian Sabbath I We do also " Resolve, That these resolutions be certified to by the president and secretaries of this convention, and a copy thereof be transmitted to Senator Mat-thew S. Quay, from the State of Pennsylvania, Washington, D. C. " Unanimously adopted this 15th day of Febru-ary, 1893. It is noticeable that there is in this an example of the remarkable fecundity which figures always seem to possess under the hands of these religious legislationists. The facility of mutiplication shown by the ordinary Arabic numerals under their manipulation is unexampled elsewhere. It is shown here in a small way. The Mail and Express in its report of the convention says " by actual count the number of delegates was 453." In the resolutions sent to Washington, as pub-lished by the Mail and Express the num-ber is given as 500, while in the resolu-tions as published in the Record the number is increased to 900. Had the wise man lived at this age of the world and in the United States he would have said there was still a fourth thing too hard for him, and that would have been the way of the Church with the State. W. H. M. The Letter of Religion. THE Harrisburg Morning Call, report- ing the proceedings of the Pennsylvania State Sabbath Association, in the last meeting of the two days' convention at the State Capital, gives the pith of the address of Elliott F. Shepard, thus :Š Col. Elliott F. Shepard, of the Mail and Express, and President of the American Sabbath Union, followed with an address, taking for his subject the fourth commandment, which he applied uni-versally. He asserted that the next presidential contest would not be upon economic principles, but upon those moral and social questions. If the forty millions of Christians in the United States were to bind themselves together they could carry all the national, State and local offices and control the Government. He recommended that the Lord's day be spelled Sonday, after the real Son of God, and not a heathen deity in sun worship. These are strange political possibilities which float before the enchanted vision of the President of the American Sabbath Union. The Sabbath Union will of course retain its present code of political ethics, but how are the ballot laws of the United Stated to be reformed so that the minis-ters can vote these forty millions of bal-lots unquestioned ? Heretofore in this country each voter has cast his own ballot. Women and children, too, have not here-tofore exercised the right of suffrage. There has also been a prejudice, backed up by certain penalties, against the same person casting more than one ballot. Sev-eral things in the election laws will evi-ilently have to be reformed to allow -Mr.  Shepard and the ministers to act as elec-tors, and deposit this forty millions of votes as they will. There is a vast differ-ence between wholesale petitioning in quadruplicate and the individual deposit of a ballot by the Australian system. Yet Mr. Shepard's prevision may be surer than many think. He may not be himself the presidential candidate of the Church party in the next campaign, but it is more than possible that the election at that time will turn on Church and State questions. However, that which lay in Mr. Shepard's own power he has immedi-ately proceeded to fulfill, as witness this editorial in his paper of February 16. SONDAY, The first, day of the week should be called Son-day, in honor of Him in whose remembrance the day is celebrated. A large class of our fellow-citizens, notably the Protestant Episcopalians, even now prefer to call it " the Lord's Day " rather than any other name; and this is the shortest way to express and utilize their preference, for the " Son " is the Lord Jesus Christ. Our Lord said : " For the Son of man is Lord also of the Sabbath." The Sabbath is part of his heritage, and therefore really is the Son's day. The day used to be called this in old English times, when the word was spelled " Sonneday." It was also so called in old German, where, ever and anon, the day is found spelled " Sohneday." The Phoenician origin of the usual name of the day, as being appropriated to the worship of the sun, as Monday was to that of the moon, has been disputed in behalf of Persia, where the fire god was also worshiped, and also in behalf of other countries and isles of the sea. But in either case, the name Sunday is heathen, and ought not to be tolerated in Christian lands. It is true that Christ is the " Sun of Righteous-ness," according to the prophet Malachi, but the reference of the origin of the name of Sunday to the worship of Bel, or Rah, or the sun, is so im-bedded in the language that an attempt to twist the name Sunday into a reference to the " Sun of Righteousness," and thus make it applicable to Messiah, would be a hopeless task. Our Hebrew fellow-citizens will concede that Messiah is the Son of God and the Son of David, and if any day of the week is to be named for him, it is every way more appropriate to call it Sonday than Sunday. This can be granted by them, with-out their either affirming or denying that Chris-tians are correct in considering Jesus to be Messiah. It is better for them, as well as the rest of the world, not to use the title Sunday, which is cer-dinly of heathen import, for they, above all na-tions, never will worship the sun or any created thing. In this they are far ahead of Romanists, Greeks and Arminians, who do worship images, pictures and saints. The Romanists ought to be glad to call the day after Jesus, for " Son of God"is the title which he most frequently applied to himself after he as-cended into heaven; and it would help to spiritual-ize their worship, the very thing in respect to which they stand in the greatest need. The calendar ought to be reformed now no less than in Julius Ceesar's timeŠreformed as to the daily nomenclature, so that the weeks shall no longer perpetuate the remembrance and power of heathen deities which are devils, but shall be made to spread the knowledge and influence of the true religion of God. Wednesday as a souvenir of the worship of Woden ; Thursday, of Thor; Saturday, of Saturn; and so on; all these names ought to be consigned to limbo, and other and appropriate names should be given to each day of the seven, in a useful attempt to unshackle men's minds from the domination of false notions. And yet the new names ought not to be too great a departure from the present accepted nomenclature, for the people could not easily learn and adopt an entirely different set of names. It might encourage legitimate marriage, and God's beneficent institution of the family, if Tues-day were to be called Twosday, and if Wednesday NA ere to be called Weddingsday. Saturday should be changed to Sabbathday. But we are not now proposing an improvement in the whole listŠperhaps some other hand will do this. We are only proposing a reform as to one day, which can be accomplished by the least amount of change. It is simply to close the top of the u. The proposed change philologically and etymologically only amounts to a part of one vowelŠmaking u into oŠand yet, morally, the change from Sun to Son is the change from heathen-ism to Christianity. We do not see that any really good reason can be urged against this change. The Mail and Express adopts it, and hereafter will use the name Sonday for the first day of the week. It is evident this idea did not arise from the fervent religious impulse of the mo-ment. It is the product of consideration and of previous thought. The proof-reader of the Mail and Express has re-ceived,  his orders, and his memory does not fail. Sunday is now invariably spelled with an " o " in Mr. Shepard's religious daily. If it is true that a rose by any other name would smell as sweet, is it not just as true that a vile odor known by any other name would smell as rank ? Can that odor of idolatry, in the name Sun-day, which smells to high heaven, be changed into pleasant incense by closing the top of a letter, and changing a " u" into an " o " ? It was by just such superficial devices as this, that, in the early centuries, Chris-tianity was debased and led into the union with paganism, of which Sunday is the chief outward mark. The President of the American Sabbath Union may, with some of his followers, re-name the " ven-erable day of the Sun "ŠSonday, but that will not change the place of the day in the weekly calendar or harmonize it with the fourth commandment. This attempt to connect two days by joining the lines of a letter, to compromise with God by a verbal subterfuge, would be ridiculous were it not so pitiful and so suggestive. It is a repetition of the stress and impor-tance laid upon technical frivolities of syllable, letter, and accent which occu-pied the attention of religious councils in the early centuries. Its suggestion of the application of the title of the Son of God, as a new cloak to hide the paganism of Sunday, is so serious a thought of blas-phemy as to startle the mind from a con-sideration of the superficial and frivolous method used. The Mail and Express has undertaken a great task to overthrow philology, to remake the history of a word, to follow it back and smother its meaning at the source; and build anew a foundationless thought structure upon which to base the new name. It is a great task. w. H. M. Non-interference the Only Course. THE following extract from Present Truth, London, England, is a concise statement of tie merits of the World's Fair Sunday-closing question. Strict and complete non-interference was and is the only correct course for Congress in this matter. This extract gives the accurate status of an attempt by Congress to legis-late the Fair open. To close or open by act of Congress is the same thing,Š entirely without the scope of congressional au-thority, utterly wrong from any point of view. The only thing Congress can now do to save its honor, uphold the Constitu-tion, justice and right, is to repeal the Sunday-closing proviso, on the ground of its unconstitutionality and because of its inherent wrong:Š "There is only one certain thing about religious legislation, and that is that it will invariably be wrong. To this the history of the world affords no exception. Although Sunday as a religious institu-tion has not the slightest authority from the Bible, and the American Congress did a wicked thing in voting for its observ- " T. A. FERNLEY, "President. F. A. DONY, "JOHN T. FINDLEY, " Secretaries." 