200 S1WN9I'1LiN11211:,,, VOL. 9, No. 25. NEW YORK, JUNE 21, 1894. f ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. REV. DR. SCUDDER, of Jersey City, de-clares the bicycle to be a " thoroughly Christian machine," and defends Sunday riding. He invites Sunday riders to at-tend his church and promises that all wheels shall be properly checked. AN item in the Pilot of the 9th inst., says : " Everywhere throughout the entire country the most gratifying reports reach O'H-Uigin as to the growth and progress of the A. 0. H." This means simply that the Ancient Order of Hibernians, a Roman Catholic order, armed and drilled under the name of Hibernian Rifles, is growing rapidly in the United States. IN discharging a man a few days since, arrested for horse racing, Justice Gaynor, of the New York Supreme Court, said : " The arrest was an exercise of arbitrary power, and history teaches that we have more to fear from arbitrary power than from all species of gambling combined." Justice Gaynor's words should be pon-dered by the Sunday law bigots. THE Northwestern Christian Advocate has this to say about the exemption of church property from taxation :Š In the wiser day coming, every dollar of church per-sonal value and every foot of church land will pay taxes to support honest secular government. Remis-sion of taxes for church and church school uses is a secular gift to churches. True enough, but could the Advocate ever have seen the point had not the Roman Catholic Church been by far the largest beneficiary from such secular gifts ? THE Catholic Review has the following caustic editorial note, which, owing to the inconsistencies of professed Protestants, is not without force:Š Some of our neighbors are constantly chattering about the dangers of a union of Church and State, "the encroachments of Romanism," clerical influence in politics, etc., yet clergymen of theirs are constantly seeking public office, and they make no protest. Here, for instance, is the Rev. Alexander Mackay Smith, of Washington, D. C., who has secured the appointment of himself as member of the Board of Visitors to the United States Military Academy at West Point. What has a preacher, as such, to do with war or the martial training of soldiers ? Taking advantage of his expenses-paid visit to West Point as a civil official, he had the cadets coralled in the so-called cathedral there and preached to them a sermon ntended to be religious. Now, -where is the National League for the Protection of American Institutions ? Where? Why, lurking in the lobby of the Constitu-tional Convention lying about the Catholics, We are not so sure about the latter  count in the indictment. There is cer-tainly no occasion to lie about Catholics: the truth is bad enough; but so-called Protestants can not consistently demand that papists shall, as such, let civil matters alone until they set the example. CITY ATTORNEY HAMILTON, of Milwau-kee, Wis., has given an opinion in regard to the taxation of church property which has caused a sensation L mong churchmen. He says that Archbishop F. X. Katzer must pay taxes on the archiepiscopal resi-dence. The ground on which City At-torney Hamilton bases his opinion is that the property is not used for church pur-poses, and therefore does not come within the provisions of the exemption law. The opinion must commend itself to all think-ing men as sound. THE Christian Statesman, which some months since declared that " the most powerful organized enemy, civil and reli-gious liberty has ever contended against, is the papacy," notes in its issue of June 9, with evident satisfaction, the fact that a recent " mass meeting," in the interests of Sunday sacredness, held at Stevens Point, Wis., under the auspices of the American Sabbath Union, was addressed by a Catholic priest. " The mayor of the town was upon the platform, and strong resolutions were passed urging him and the council to enforce the Sabbath laws." A WESTERN paper commenting on a re- quest by certain women of Chicago to be appointed sanitary inspectors, says From Congress to city council there is such a cring-ing to popular favor for votes, that it would be well for the country if the whole brood of demagogues could be thrust aside and independent women of principle substituted. The idea that official corruption would be reduced by woman suffrage is chimer-ical and leaves out of the question human nature, which is not essentially different in the sexes. " Man's inhumanity to man " is not greater than woman's in-humanity to woman, which shows that selfishness inheres not to masculinity but to humanity, that is to the race. Woman suffrage is not a panacea, for the ills of the body politic. WE print elsewhere in this paper an article, " In the Stocks for Conscience' Sake," from a Melbourne, Australia, pa-per, which shows that religious persecu-tion by so-called Protestants is not confined to the United States. We have never imagined that it would be, " for all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him [the papacy], whose names are not written in the book of life of the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world ; " and this they will do by receiving his mark, the badge of papal authority, the Sunday institution to which the Roman Catholic Church appeals as showing her authority  to appoint fasts and holy days and to command men under sin. Concerning this case the Bible Echo says :Š A letter from one of our brethren who attended the trial of Brethren Harry and William Firth at Parra-matta, informs us that the proceedings were truly autocratic. They were not permitted to explain mat-ters, nor to state their God-given rights in justification of their course. " Guilty or not guilty," was the demand of the magistrate, and the moment they ad-mitted having worked on Sunday, the sentence was pronounced. They refused absolutely to pay the fines. We await with much interest the final outcome of this high-handed proceeding. This is the same spirit that is manifested elsewhere, namely, the spirit of Satan; and why not ? for it is he who instigates all persecution. TUESDAY, May 15, a " mass " meeting was held in Chicago in the interests of so-called Sabbath observance. The meet-ing was held in the People's Institute, and the speakers "were prominent churchmen and workers in social reform movements." The audience was made up of the friends of enforced Sunday observance. " The meeting," says the Inter- Ocean, "was an unusually enthusiastic one. Its purpose to arouse a sentiment in favor of a holy Sunday was fully realized." The meeting was held under the auspices of the in-ternational Sunday Observance League. And "the speeches," says the Inter- Ocean, " were thoroughly practical. There was no theorizing. The main plea was for an enforcement of the present laws." IN connection with the meeting referred to in the preceding paragraph, Chairman Heap explained the object of the Inter- national Sunday Observance League, as follows :Š The object of this league is to promote a more gen-eral and thorough observance of the law of God, as laid down in his fourth commandment; to the end that the desecration of the Christian Sabbath day, by unnecessary labor and amusements, may be suppressed ; that man may rest and be refreshed in body, mind, and soul; to maintain good morals, and the peace and good order of society, and with this end in View, to establish State, provincial and local organizations, whose objects and purposes shall be to cooperate hi the enactment and enforcement of laws for the sup-pression of all violations of the Sabbath day, and to promote the highest and truest patriotism toward God, our country, and the world. The work of this league is intended 'to embrace all objects pertaining to good government, including, among other things, the election of persons of good moral character to public office, In other words, the object of the league is to use the civil law to compel men to serve God. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact, Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per year, - - 90c 25 to 99 " " " " - - - 80c 66 100 to 249 " " " " - - 75c. 250 to 499 " " " " " - - - 70c 500 to 999 " " " " - 0.5c " 1000 or more " 60c, To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 