THE A111E:RICAN SENTINEL. 213 the afternoon ? Close the World's Fair, and what will be the inevitable result ? The Sabbath Union, the saloon, the brothel, and the gambling hell will have triumphed. There will be hundreds of thousands of strangers in the great city with nothing to do. If it is fair to judge results by those seen in our great cities to-day, it will be easy to say which of the two great powers will reap the richest harvest. The ministry to-day in all great metropolitan centres have so lost their power on the people that they can no longer fill the pews. I received less than three weeks ago, a letter from a leading orthodox minister of Boston, which contains the following frank, but mournful confes-sion :Š The churches have all they can, do to keep alive. They have no religion to spare. There is scarcely a church where religious truth is the central attrac-tion. We ministers must conjure by the social principle and by amusing, lecturing to the audience in an engaging manner, or we have empty pews. Look at the topics we advertise. I do not believe twenty thousand persons, different individuals, attend morning or evening services on any Sunday in Boston. Now the saloon makes no such com-plaint; the only cause of complaint made by the liquor power is that there are not more licenses granted to saloon keepers; and in our great cities, save at brief inter-vals when a spasm of virtue thrills the people, the Sunday ordinances which pro-hibit the opening of saloons on Sunday are dead letters. And this is specially true of cities like Chicago, where the saloon power rules the city with almost autocratic sway. Let us look at the facts as given in some startling statements and vivid pictures by the author of " Chicago's Dark P4tces," a, Christian- writer who spent motths in parefully collecting facts and data for his work :Š It is an astonishing fact that in. Chicago alone there are about five thousand six hundred saloons. Place these side by side, and on each side of the roadway, giving each saloon a width of twenty-five feet, and you would have one vast street of saloons reaching over ten miles in extent. . . . Let us look at a few figures in regard to the saloon interest in this city. Our estimates are carefully made, and we are prepared to verify and defend them if challenged. For the year ending March 1, 1891, the expenditure for beer in this city alone was not less than forty million dollars ! The population is about one million two hundred thousand. This gives an average expenditure, for beer alone, of thirty-three dollars and twenty-five cents for every man, woman and child in Chicago, and these results are gained after the most conservative fig-uring. This would give over fifty-three gallons of beer to be consumed by each man, woman, and child in the city. . . . Now, if Chicago's expendi-ture for beer only amounts to forty million dollars, we may safely say that for all kinds of intoxicating beverages, including wines and distilled liquors, Chicago spent last year upwards of eighty millions of dollars. Is there any limit to the great good that could come to the city with this amount expended in proper channels? . . . Take the directory and see what a vast difference there is in the number of other bus-inesses in Chicago, compared with this great saloon business, whose chief products are drunken men and women, whoremongers, prostitutes, murderers, thieves, tramps, bums, vagabonds, ward politicians, and general all-around scoundrels. And yet this is the business we allow to exist in our midst because, forsooth, we can't find just the men we want to represent us in politics. Why don't the sensible, intelligent men of this city sink every other interest in the effort to crush out of existence this vile and demoralizing business, and then, whilst we don't believe the millennium would dawn on Chicago, we are sure that so much wretchedness and poverty would disappear as to make it a heaven to many whose existence in it now is a continual hell. How strong the saloon power is in politics in Chicago may be gained by perusing the following from the same author :Š That the saloon interest in Chicago is opposed to  law, order, and the due protection of its citizens, is proven most conclusively by the action of the saloon men, when, under Mr. Onahan's collector-ship an attempt was made to pass an ordinance in which the following points were sought to be secured: 1. No license to be granted a saloon to locate within two hundred feet of any school, church, or hospital. 2. No one person or firm to be granted more than one saloon license. 3. No licenses should be granted unless a majority of the property owners of the block gave their consent. 4. No minor should be served with liquor, even for home consumption, unless by written request of parent or guardian. Strong speeches were made on the side of this ordinance [which included other good points], but the saloon element defeated it. The Tribune and other papers spoke highly in its favor, but that didn't alter the votes of the seven-brewers or saloon-keepers in the council, who themselves violated parliamentary law by voting on a resolution that directly affected their business. A still further glimpse of the power of the saloon in Chicago will be seen by noting one statement further, from the author above mentioned :Š On State Street for instance, from Van Buren to the Twelth Street viaduct, there are sixty-six saloons. On Van Buren, from State to Fifth Avenue, twenty-two. On Fourth Avenue, in two blocks, there are twenty-five. On Dearborn Street, twenty-five within two blocks. On Madison Street from State Street to Halstead, there are seventy-three. On Clark, from Polk to Van Buren, two blocks, fifty-two. On Cottage Grove Avenue, from 39th to 22d, sixty-two. On Wabash Avenue, from 22nd to Jackson Street, thirty-five. On Halstead, from Lake to Blue Island Avenue, seventy-six. Now these are merely given as samples. The dis-tricts have not been specially chosen. There may be other places equally bad, or worse. If any reader will sit and calmly contemplate what this fearful array of saloonsŠpestiferous distributers of moral, mental, and physical ruinŠreally means, he will find such cause for genuine alarm as to lead him, at least, to try and do something to crush the whole saloon system.  We' have shown that there are five thousand six hundred saloons in'this city. Look at the power in politics such figures represent. Each saloon will average three votesŠone for the proprietor and two for assistantsŠthree in all. This gives a total voting power of sixteen thousand eight hundred. Sixteen thousand eight hundred votes cast as the vote of one man, for one purpose, and that purpose the protection of the saloon. It was necessary to cite the above facts to show two things, first, that the power of the saloon in the Prairie City is so great that it controls politics, and secondly, that Sunday closing means millions of dollars to the saloon and an, untold and indescrib-able sea of debauchery, degradation, and crime which otherwise would not disgrace Sundays. The saloon knows that for every dollar spent to secure the closing of the World's Fair, hundreds, if not thou-sands will flow into the coffers of the liquor traffic; while the other two mem-bers of the trinity of night, the brothel and the gambling hell, will be corres-pondingly benefited. The Church expects to gain a few more auditors for one or two hours in the twenty-tour and also the prestige of having a governmental recog-nition, even in an indirect way, of Con-stantine's edict. But what shall we say of the cost to morality which will inevitably follow the triumph of this unhallowed alli-ance? Many have been the crimes against humanity and morality committed in Christianity's name for which apologists vainly seek for excuse. Shall we. add one more to the list simply at the behests of an organized minority ? I CONSIDER the Government of the United States as interdicted from inter-meddling with religious institutions, their doctrines, discipline or exercises.ŠThomas Jefferson. American Principles. THE principles of American Govern-ment agree with the Book of books. The Author of the Christian religion has given, in language too plain to be misunderstood, the principles that underlie this subject. Hear him : " All things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them." This settles the whole question of religious legislation. If all would observe this rule, every person would be willing to allow to another the same freedom he claims for himself. There would be no such thing as infringing upon the rights of another. There would be no such thing as religious legislation, co-ercion in matters of religion. The rights of conscience would be respected. The object of the gospel is to make men free, in the highest sense of the word; but those who would legislate in matters of religion, would, by so doing,' defeat the very object of the gospel. No person can ever appeal to the civil power to enforce his ideas of religion upon another, except by totally ignoring the Golden Rule. This is the only Government in all the world that is formed in harmony with the words of Christ : that of perfect separation of Church and State. The Pharisees come seeking to entangle him in his talk. He asks for a penny. As they bring it he says : " Whose image and superscription hath it?" They say unto him Caesar's." Now hear his answer : " Render therefore unto Ccesar the things which be Caesar's, and unto God the things which be God's." Luke 20:25. Ccesar represents civil gov-ernments. Civil is defined as the relation of man to his fellow ma,n-or the State.,- Religion is the relation of man to his Maker, either in obedience or disobedience to the divine law. Now mark : Religion is of divine origin. It has the image and superscrip-tion of Heaven. Therefore we can not render religion or religious homage to Cesar. Caesar, civil governments, can of right have nothing whatever to elo with it. Religion is purely a matter of the in-dividual conscience, and only at the bar of God can a man be made to answer for his faith. Caesar, the State, can not decide ques-tions of religionŠit does not know re- ligion. As it knows nothing about religion, it can neither decide which is true or false. Hence it must be left to the con- science of everyman to decide for himself alone, and all the State can do, is to pro-tect every man in his freedom of choice as to his mode of worship. Thus it is true that the principles of civil and religious liberty, the foundation stones of this Gov- erment, are in perfect accord with the words of Christ, yet let it be forever re-membered that " the Government of the United States of America, is not in any sense founded on the Christian religion.' This quotation is from the treaty with Tripoli, under Geo, Washington, made in 1797. As the treaty was framed by an ex-Congregational minister there was no design of disrespect to the Christian re- ligion. It was but the statement of an eternal truth, that of perfect equality of all and every person before the law, with- out respect to creed or profession. On the contrary, it was their respect for the Christian religion, that led to this declara- tion, and forming the Constitution as it is, thus taking religion out of the hands of the State.ŠPublius, in The Protestant American. 