"Yang manhear my mar* and believe not ljudgehim not"ŠJm 352 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. CHICAGO, JUNE 7, 1900. The St. James Chronicle (London) says "that al-ready Sunday cycling is becoming a source of per-plexity and distress to those who regard the Lord's day as a day of rest." But why "a source of perplexity and distress ?" We are quite sure that there is no law in England compelling anybody to ride on Sunday who does not want to. Upon receiving the effects of the American Sen-tinel from New York we discovered that the files of the current volume were incomplete, numbers 6 and 10 being missing. The New York office has not a single copy of either of these numbers, hence we are com-pelled to apply to our subscribers. We would like to get twenty-five copies of each of these numbersŠNo. 6, date of February 8, and No. 1o, date of March 8. Will our friends send them to us? The Social Forum is by no means pessimistic, in-deed it is decidedly optimistic, nevertheless it sees that civilization is confronted by grave problems which de-mand settlement. It says : "Our present industrial system cannot last. From every viewpoint it stands condemned. Economically it is organized wastefulness, forbidding men to supply their needs from nature's boundless store, and chain-ing forces that might make the desert blossom. Ethic-ally it is monstrous, denying to man the most sacred of all rights, 'the right to live a guiltless life.' Social-ly it is a Minotaur, its jaws dripping with the blood of its own children. It must go. "On all this we are agreed. But how shall it go ? Peacefully, almost noiselessly, like the ice and snows of winter, subdued by the force of the vernal sun, or as moribund feudalism went out in France a hundred years ago ?" Of course the Forum inclines to the view that the change will come peacefully, but the signs all point to a repetition of the scenes of the French Revolution. Instead of showing any signs of improvement the strike situation in St. Louis grows worse. At least two persons have been instantly killed, one of them a woman with a child in her arms. She was shot while crossing the street, and was in no way concerned in the  strike. Several persons have been seriously injured, some it is thought fatally. Last Sunday the crowning outrage of the strike was perpetrated upon a poor servant girl. Knowing little and possibly caring less about the strike, this girl, tired with her toil and desiring to visit her mother in another part of the city boarded a passing car. Ar-riving at the proper street she left the car and was immediately set upon by a mob of men ( ?) who, after striking her in the face and violently pulling her hair, actually tore from her body every vestige of clothing except her shoes. She finally escaped from them naked, bruised and bleeding, finding refuge in a cellar until rescued by the police. This strike is not for "living wages" but to compel the street car companies to recognize union labor, that is, to allow the unions to say who shall be employed and who discharged by the companies. It should be remembered that this outarge was not perpetrated by any of the barbarians to whom the United States is trying to teach the art of "stable self-government," but in one of the leading cities of "Chris-tian America." Special Notice. After July r the price of the Missionary Magazine will be fifty cents per year ; to foreign countries, sev-enty-five cents. This decision was reached at the re-cent meeting of the Foreign Mission Board, after care-fully considering the question in all its phases. The Missionary Magazine has been published at a loss from its first issue, this heritage having been re-ceived from the Home Missionary, out of which it emerged. The subscription list has more than doubled, and yet the cost of the paper has been about twice the subscription price, and it will be impossible to ever secure a list sufficiently large to make it self-supporting at twenty-five cents. Because of this, the price was raised to fifty cents, which will practically pay the cost of publication. The Magazine has been before our people more than two years, so that they can judge of its value. It has been printed on better paper than the "Home Mis-sionary," and bound with good paper covers. And besides this, it has been materially enlarged, and made more valuable by the addition of illustrations and other important information. It is the aim of the publishers to endeavor to increase, rather than diminish its value. We are now offering our people, for fifty cents a year, a good, forty-eight-page monthly, equal in value and size to many missionary journals which range in price from seventy-five cents to one dollar and fifty cents. The Missionary Magazine and Sentinel of Liberty Šformerly the American SentinelŠwill be clubbed to-gether for one dollar and twenty-five cents. Let all orders be sent as heretoforeŠeither through the state tract society or direct to the Foreign Mission Board of Seventh Day Adventists, Room 1906, 15o Nassau street, New York, N. Y. 