30 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. given by Jehovah himself froni Sinai, which reads, "the seventh day is the Sabbath." _ "But all!" they say: "that expression, the seventh day, does not mean the definite seventh day, but one day in seven. So you are at liberty to rest on Sun-day or any other day. Now if this argument is valid when reasoning in reference to the law of God,- why would it not be when discussing the laws of men ? But they tell us: "the definite day prescribed in 'the law must be insisted upon, or the whole law will be subverted, and general confusion will result. .So say we of the law of God. And thus it appears that they and we agree perfectly upon the read-ing 'and application of the laws, and that the whole point of difference arises between us in ref--erence to which law we are loyal to, j ust as it readsŠthe laWof God or law the of man: And so the real point of conflict, they themselves being the judges, and their line of argument the will, is between the two laws. G. B. STAIR. Ł Ł  Who Are Working for the Sunday Law. OUR National Reform friends, and all who are laboring so zealously to secure a Sunday law, have a good deal to say about our opposition to such a law. They accuse us of joining with infidels, and with those who are not in harmony with law and order and good government. As a matter of fact, we have not joined with anybody in our opposition to Sunday laws. We are against such laws, because we know that the State has no right to legislate concerning matters of religion, and because we know that such laws are unjust, and oppressive, and contrary to the spirit of true Christianity. If anybody else sees the injustice of such laws, and opposes their passage, or works against them on any ground whatever, we have no objection to make. This is a free country yet, and will continue to be so until Na-tional Reformers secure the control of it. We do not oppo e Sunday legislation by the State be-cause somebody else does; if everybody else should favor such laws, we should oppose them just the same. But we cannot see that National Reformers are in a position to denounce us very much be-cause we oppose the same thing that men do who are not Christians. On the groUnd that people who live in glass houses should not throw stones, it becomes them to be cautious. In the Lutheran Observer's enthusiastic report of the Sunday Con-vention held in Washington, we find this state-ment :Š " The church in which the convention was held was festooned with petitions from probably ten millions of people, representing Protestant ond Papal churches, labor unions, saints, and sinners." Ł No truer statement was ever made than this last. We venture the assertion, that if the facts could be known, it would appear that the sin-ners outnumbered the saints in the proportion of ten to one. Yet the saints (?) who are engi-neering the Sunday movement arc perfectly will-ing and very anxious to receive the co-operation of those very sinners, while they endeavor to heap contempt on us because some who do not profess to be. Christians happen to oppose their work. Truly, consistency is a jewel not found among National Reformers or their allies. The Congregationalist, also, in its issue of' De-cember 20, 1888, said of this effort to secure Sunday legislation:Š "A thing to be noted specially is that the move-ment affords ground for, and already has secured of a large degree, the support of many who work for purely secular ends." They claim to be doing gospel work, and yet they bid for the support of those who have no in-terest in the gospel, but who work from professedly selfish motives. Polluk describes one who stole the livery of the court of Heaven to serve the devil in. This looks to us very much like stealing the devil's tools to serve the Lord with. Any-thing to win! seems to be their motto. It is a common saying, that politics makes strange bed-fellows, and National Reform politics differ in no respect from the rile. E. J. W. True Words. IN commenting upon the late, address of the Pope to the Sacred College, the .Christian Oracle (Chicago) says:Š "If there is anything clearly taught in the New Testament, it is the distinction between the State and-the Church, the kingdoms of this world and the kingdom of Christ. Nothing has so tended to weaken the power and influence of the cross of Christ as the assumptions of temporal power by those whose blisiness it is to Jook after the things allotted to them. These are true words, but their full force is probably not realized, even by the men who penned them. Certain it is, that thousands in our land to-day who suppose that they are op-posed to all union of civil and ecclesiastical power, are aiding and abetting the very movement which, if successful, will surely- result in the es-tablishment of a system modeled- after the Pa-pacy. Should the Blair Amendment, which pro-vides that the principles of the Christian religion shall be taught in the public schools of our land, become a law, some tribunal must decide what constitutes the principles of the Christian relig-ion; and what will that be but the establishment of an American Papacy? It is true that " nothing has so tended to weaken the power and influence of the cross of Christ as the assumption of temporal power " ,by religious teachers; and yet, knowing this, the "clergy of our own land are striving after civil power to-day as never before. The present al-most universal demand on the pert of the popu-lar ministry for religious legislation, will .also greatly "tend to weaken the power and influence Of the cross of Christ;" but it will greatly strengthen the political influence of the churches and of the ministers, and that is why they are clamoring for it. Not Conscience, but Bigotry. ONE thing that must strike every one who fol-lows the Sunday-law agitation, is the complaint that it is made about the laxness of Sunday observ-ance on the, part of church members. We have listened to several sermons and Sunday-law speeches, and in every instance it was declared that church members are largely responsible for the neglect of Sunday. In the January number of Our Day, Professor Ballantine, of Oberlin Col-lege, has an article on Sunday travel in the West, which turns out to be an account of how eastern tourists, who are church members, use Sunday for sight-seeing when they are in the West. It is a well-known fact that the first Sunday train into Boston was run at the request of the minis-ters and church people of that city. And even the good women of the W. C. T. U. call loudly for a Sunday law in order that they may be prevented from making the Sunday a day of hi-larity and dissipation. This being the case, why is it that a general Sunday law is wanted? Why impose a law on  those whose conscience forbids them to rest on Sunday in order to make others rest, "according to the dictates of their own conscience?" It looks very much like putting B into jail because A is a thief. We can't understand such a procedure. Now, we have no objection to offer if any church, as a church, shall make laws to compel its members to keep Sunday. We would not raise the slightest objection if all the churches should combine and pass a law that all their members shall keep Sunday, no matter how se-vere they make the penalty. What we object to is, their passing laws to make people keep Sunday who do not accept their form of religion, and then getting the State to enforce their church laws. If those who profess to have a conscience in the matter of Sunday observance would only act according to that conscience, they would not be troubled in their Sunday rest. The trouble is, that what they call conscience, is bigotry, which may be defined as one person's conscience for somebody else. Sinful and Tyrannical. IN the year 1785, Thomas Jefferson said: "To compel a man to furnish contributions of money for the propagation of opinions which he disbe-lieves, is sinful and tyrannical." Well, the Blair Educational bill proposes to do this very thing. Section two provides that each State "shall estab-lish and maintain" free public schools, in which, along with "the common branches of knowledge," shall be taught "the principles of the Christian religion." Section four declares, "That Congress shall enforce this Article by legislation when nec-essary." That is, to say, should any State, or all the States, decide not to establish and maintain such schools, the National Government can com-pel them to. Or in other words, the Jew and the free thinker can be forced to "furnish contribu-tions of money for the propagation of opinions which they cannot indorse. According to the above Jefforsonian doctrine, this would be "sinful and tyrannical." A man is taxed to support institutions in which are taught principles he does not believe. He does not believe in the Christian religion, yet he must help to financially support it. It would be as just to tax him to support the church and ministry, because their mission is to teach the Christian religionŠthe same as the Blair scheme. On the same principle a man could be taxed to support Sunday-schools, as their work.is to teach "the principles of the Christian religion." The proposed measure is a high-handed out-rage upon American citizens, and the proposition ought to be treated with the contempt it so richly deserves. Should there come before Congress a proposal to establish free public schools, in which should be taught the principles of Paine and In-gersoll, what a howl of indignation would go up from Senator Blair and his friends all over the land, and with what zeal would they protest; and this would be right. Civil government has no right to legislate upon the people, atheism and infidel-ity, Judaism nor Christianity. The powers that be may not recognize a man as an atheist, or a deist, or a Mohammedan, or a Jew, or a Christian, but as a citizen. Congress cannot legislate in favor of religion or irreligion, heathenism or Christianity. It has nothing to do with such subjects. It cannot legislate against the Jew and the infidel, nor in favor of the Christian and his religion, and vice versa. Civil government has to do with civil affairs, not religious. N. J. BOWERS. 