mitp. ill] lc,  4 0.4gegYs  ,01 euml 11111010m Equal and and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas ye,ferson. VOLUME 6. NEW YORK, AUGUST 27, 1891. NUMBER 34. The American Sentinel. PUDLDIHED WEEKLY, HE THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. MoICEE. " CHURCH and State both have the mis-sion to further human happiness, each in its own way. But neither Church nor State has any right to prevent any man from enjoying the free exercise of his opinions." Ł-1,- Ł  "DESPOTIC governments, in which there is an established religion, may with some consistency enact Sunday laws, but in this free country, where the Constitution pro-vides against the establishment of any re-ligion, they are absolutely out of place." -Ł-ŁŁ FOR the State to favor the Christian relig-ion so that to profess it would promise tem-poral advantage, would be to put an im-mense piemium upon hypocrisy; and there is already entirely too much of the pro-fession of religion for only what can be gained in this world by it politically, fi-nancially, and socially. Moreover, for the State to sanction the evil principle, and pro-mote the practice, would bring upon the country such a flood of corruption as it would be impossible for civil society to bear. -  LET us not be misunderstood. We do not deny for an instant, but rather assert forever, that the principles of the Chris-tian religion received into the heart and carried out in the life will make good citizens always. But it is only because it derives its sanction from the divine sourceŠbecause it is rooted in the very soul and nourished by the gracious in-fluences of the Holy Spirit. This, how-ever, the State of itself can never secure,  This at once carries us into the realm of conscience, upon the plane of the spiritual, and it can be secured only by spiritual forces, none of which have ever been committed to the State, but to the Church only. Religious Toleration versus Religious Rights. HON. RICHARD M. JOHNSON well said in 1829, in his report to the United States Senate on Sunday mails:Š If the principle is once established that religion, or religious observances, shall be interwoven with our legislative acts, we must pursue it to its ulti-matum. We shall, if consistent, provide for the erection of edifices for worship of the Creator, and for the support of Christian ministers, if we believe such measures will promote the interests of Chris-tianity. It is the settled conviction of the com-mittee, that the only method of avoiding these consequences, with their attendant train of evils, is to adhere strictly to the spirit of the Constitution, which regards the general Government in no other light than that of a civil institution, wholly desti-tute of religious authority. What other nations call religious toleration, we call religious rights. They are exercised not in virtue of governmental indulgence, but as rights, of which Government can not deprive any portion of citizens. The idea is that free men spurn tolera- tion; and very properly so, too, for that which is tolerated is exercised in virtue of governmental indulgence. That is what the word means. Webster says:Š Tolerance. 1. The power or capacity of endur-ing; the act of enduring; endurance. 2. The en-durance of the presence or actions of objectionable persons, or of the expression of offensive opinions; toleration. Tolerate. To suffer to be, or to be done, without prohibition or hindrance; to allow or permit neg-atively, by not preventing; not to restrain; to put up with; as, to tolerate doubtful practices. Toleration. 1. The act of tolerating; the allow-ance of that which is not wholly approved. 2. Spe-cifically, the allowance of religious opinions and modes of worship in a State when contrary to, or differing from, those of the established church or belief. That which government merely toler-ates it might properly prohibit. Tolera-ation is the granting of an unmerited favor, not the acknowledging of a natural right; hence, in the Virginia convention  of 1776, Madison objected to the use of this word in the Declaration of Rights. It was proposed to provide that all men should " enjoy the fullest toleration in the exer-cise of religion, according to the dictates of conscience, unpunished and unre-strained by the magistrate." But, as noted in " American State Papers," page 99, Madison opposed the use of the word " toleration." He pointed out the distinction between the recognition of an absolute right and the toleration of its ex ercise ; for toleration implies the power of jurisdiction. He proposed, therefore, in-stead of providing that all men should " enjoy the fullest toleration in the exer-cise of religion," to declare that "" all men are equally entitled to the full and free exercise of religion according to the dic-tates of conscience." In 1827, Lord Stanhope voiced the same sentiment in the British House of Lords. He said : " The time was when toleration was craved by dissenters as a boon; it is now demanded as a right ; but the time will come when it will be spurned as an insult." Philip Schaff and Judge Cooley have also both emphasized the same dis-tinction. The former says : " In our coun-try we ask no toleration for religion and its free exercise, but we claim it as an in-alienable right." The latter declares that in this country we " have not established religious toleration merely, but religious equality." Thus it is seen that the distinction be-tween religious toleration and religious rights is not merely a figment of the mind, but a living reality seen and acknowl-edged not only by lexicographers, but by statesmen. And not only that there is a distinction, but that toleration is opposed to rights, for it is a denial of them. In the face of these facts, how puerile is the claim of the Christian Statesman that National Reformers are the real " guar-dians of freedom"! Folly could scarcely go further. THE SENTINEL has repeatedly arraigned these self-styled reformers before an in-telligent reading public, and has as often 