60 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Studies in French History.-6. "0 PLEASE, Professor Carman," said Maggie Pal-meter, when the children had taken their seats, the next Wednesday afternoon, `ŁI would like to ask a question about Charlemagne. I was telling papa and mama all I,  had learned, at the supper table, and Joe said that I forgot to mention that the great emperor was buried sitting up. I did not quite understand you so. Is that true?" "Yes, Maggie; Joseph was right. The poet has said of CharlemagneŠ ' No useless coffin enclosed his breast.' But they dressed him in magnificent style, placed a crown upon his still, cold brow, a copy of the gospels in his hand, which would no longer grasp the sword he knew so well how to wield, and placed him upon his chair-like throne, in the silent tomb. Fitting end, indeed, to such a life, and fit illustration of the brief greatness of human glory." "I'm so sorry," ;said Julia March, "that his cruelty to those Saxons should spoil his record." "Let's see," chimed in Joe Palmeter, "it was religious zeal, I believe." "Yes," said Professor Carman,Š"a zealnot according to knowledge." "Does history tell us anything about the way Charle-magne looked?" questioned Milly Brown. "I just wonder and wonder." "Well, you may think of a tall man, large and well_ proportioned, with long, flowing beard, which was the manner of his time, a thick neck, large eyes,, and a long nose. His dress during all his life was a model of sim-plicity, and part of it was woven and fashioned by his own daughters. So it must be that their father believed in training them to do useful work. "It must not be forgotten that the common people were at this time (800 A. D.) and for many years'lafter-ward, sunk very low in poverty and ignorance." "Why didn't they complain about it," asked Jennie Jacobs, "and get their friends to help them?" "Alas! there was no one to come to their relief, and so they suffered in silence. "At Charlemagne's death, the kingdom was 'felt to his son Louis, called the `Good-natured.' He had two brothers, but they died before their father. Louis reigned twenty-six years. When he was only a little fellow three years old, his father had him dressed in a tiny suit of armor, and after being carried in his cradle to Aquitaine, over which country (Southern France) his father made him king, he was paraded through the streets on horse-back, so the people might show him their respect." "Well," said Florence Ray, "I guess that spoiled him for anything like a sensible king when he grew bigger." "One would have thought so, truly; but really, he became a king whose love of justice and right was quite exceptional for that age. He had no desire to be great at any one's expense. "His first wife dying, he married Judith, a bad woman, Šbut he was duped into this piece of foolishness,Šand he-never had much comfort afterward. The empire was equally divided before his death among his three sons by his first wife, which was the custom of those days, and which every one agreed was right but Judith. She made much trouble trying to persuade Louis to give a kingdom to her son, Charles the Bald. So, after a while, because-Louis could no longer endure her complaints, he con-sented, but was obliged, in order to do so, to take a slice from each of the other brothers. This the brothers did not like at all, and war and sorrow to the poor king fol-lowed. They carried this so far as even to imprison their,  father, and take his kingdom from him,Šhe gave them each a kingdom, in return, they took his from him." "0 Professor Carman!" exclaimed tender-hearted Julia March, with tears in her eyes, "how could they treat their old father so mean, when he had been 'so good to-them? I wonder if they ever learned the fifth command-ment." "I think not; or, if they did, they did not practice it. But, after a while, outside help placed him again on his throne; but he had learned who his friends were, and who he could trust. "Once, when his army camped over night, ready for the fight next day, poor King Louis woke up in the morn-ing to find his soldiers all deserted to the enemy in the the night." "I guess if his father, Charlemagne, had been there, it would have gone hard with them," said Max Smith. "I think they would not have dared to desert that lion-hearted warrior," answered the professor. "But poor Louis could not endure this strife, and died, history says of a broken heart, soon after a bloody battle which his sons fought among themselves." "Well, I'd like to know which got the kingdom, after all the squabble," piped Harry Ray. "It seems as if I had read somewhere that Charles the Bald got it." "You are right. The son of Judith at last got the-entire kingdom which belonged to the great Charlemagne. After the death of Charles the Bald, it was again divided into France, Italy, and Germany." "What year was this, please?" asked Edna Phillips,. pencil in hand. "Good, Edna. Remember where we are in the stream of time, and make a note of it: Charles the Bald died A. D. 877, after a reign of thirty-seven years. "It was during his reign that the country was over-run by pirates, who came from the North, calling them-selves 'Sea kings.', They boldly plundered Paris, robbing-it of vast stores of wealth. France begun to dread them terribly, but still they came. "These heartless wretches would stake helpless babes and toss them into the air, and catch them on the sharp points of their pikes. Finally, one of their number put a stop to these brutalities, and so he received the beautiful;  name of 'The Saviour of the Children.' "The next ruler was the son of Charles the Bald. His 