Daniel, the First of the Three Presidents, in the Lions' Den.   "IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT:Ł FOR / CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAYE THE WORLD."   Vol. 11, No. 38. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 24, 1896. Entered at the N. Y. Post-Office.     atnerican Sentinel, Published Weekly in Defense of Religious Liberty. For Further Particulars and Terms see Last Page. EDITOR, C. P. BOLLMAN. ASST. EDITOR, L. A. SMITH. CHRISTIAN CITIZENSHIP IN BABYLON.* THE lives of Daniel and his three compan-ions afford us a useful lesson upon the rights and duties of Christian citizens under civil government. Carried captives to Babylon in their youth, Daniel, Hananiah, Mishael and Azariah found a test of loyalty to God awaiting them al-most from the hour of their entrance into the city. As recorded in the first chapter of the Book of Daniel, the king commanded to select " certain of the children of Israel, and of the king's seed, and of the princes; children [youth] in whom there was no blemish, bat well-favoured, and skillful in all wisdom, and cunning in knowledge, and understanding science, and such as had ability in them to stand in the king's palace, and whom they might teach the learning and the tongue of the Chaldeans." Among those chosen to be thus educated in "the learning and the tongue of the Chal-deans," were the four young men already named. " And the king appointed them a daily provision of the king's moat, and of the wine which he drank." But Daniel and his three companions had conscientious scruples against partaking of such food; and as the record runs, " Daniel purposed in his heart that he would not defile himself with the por-tion of the king's meat, nor with the wine which he drank: therefore he requested of the prince of the eunuchs that he might not defile himself."' * Let no one hastily conclude upon seeing this title that there were no Christians in Babylon, and that hence there could have been no such thing as Christian citizenship in that empire. It is true that " the disciples were called Christians first at Antioch," about A. D. 43, but were they not such as truly before that name was given them as afterwards? Was it not their relation to God rather than the name that made them what they were? And this being so did not standing in that relation to God make every other man who thus stood just what the disciples at Antioch were? To ask these ques-tions is at the same time to answer them affirmatively. 1  Dan. 1:3, 4. 2  Dan. 1:8. " Be ye Wise as Serpents, and Harmless as Doves." The prince of the eunuchs was fearful lest he might endanger his head to the king; but upon further representation by Daniel he consented to try the four young men for ten days. The test was satisfactory and they were not required to eat the objectionable food. Notice carefully the facts stated. First, Daniel purposed that he would not defile him-self. But instead of offensively refusing to  partake of food from the king's table, he put his protest in the form of a request, in behalf not only of himself, but of his fellows. Nor did he in this thing concede the right of the king or of the prince of the eunuchs to con-trol his conscience; he simply combined the wisdom of the ser-pent with the harm-lessness of the dove. Had it been nec-essary he doubtless would have braved death itself, as he did subsequently, rather than violate his conscience; but craving as a favor that which was his absolute right, he not only retained the sympathy, re-spect, and confi-dence of Ashpenez, but obtained his re-quest, not only for himself but for his companions. This is an example of Christian citize n-ship. Daniel and his companions ren-dered to Csar the things that were Csar's, and to God the things that were God's. Respect was shown for those in authority, and at the same time con-science was pre-served void of of-ense. Royal Counselors. When their edu. ation had been com-pleted the king communed with the young men who had been selected for special training for the public service, "and among them all was found none like Daniel, Hananiah, Mishael and Azariah : therefore stood they before the king" as counsellors. " And in all matters of wisdom and under- " My God hath sent his angel, and hath shut the lions' mouths, that they have not hurt me: foras-much as before him innocency was found in me; and before thee, 0 king, have I done no hurt." 