38 A.101IMIZI c.A.N smivr VOL. 10, No. 5. his kind." " Wherefore as by one man sin entered into the world and death by sin'  so death passed upon all men for that all have sinned." The natural condition of the whole hu-man race is plainly set forth in Rom. 3: 10-19, and fallen men are described by the prophet Isaiah in these words : " But we are all as an unclean thing, and all our righteousnesses are as filthy rags; and we all do fade as a leaf; and our iniquities, like the wind, have taken us away." Our works are in Scripture, termed, " works of the flesh," end are enumerated in Gal. 5 :19-21, some of which are, adultery, idol-atry, witchcraft, hatred, variance, emu-lations, wrath, strife, envyings, murders, drunkenness, revellings, etc., and the text adds, " They which do such things shall not inherit the kingdom of God." Man is therefore a curse to himself as well as to others when left to himself. Not only is this the natural state of man, but he is also unable to liberate himself from this sad condition; for " the flesh lusteth against the Spirit, and the Spirit against the flesh : and these are contrary the one to the other : so that ye cannot do the things that ye would." Thus unaided man's case was hopeless, and had not God interfered in man's be-half, Satan and man would have formed an alliance against heaven; "But God, who is rich in mercy, for his great love wherewith he loved us," declares to Satan, " I will put enmity between thee and the woman." This enmity is not natural to us. It is only the result of the Spirit of Christ striving with us. This Spirit works with every soul seeking to draw it back to God; and every good trait manifested and every good act performed even by men who leave God out of their reckoning, are due wholly to its influence. No other agency can change our nature. Jesus says: Except a man be born of water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the king-dom of God." Again, " Without me ye can do nothing." Our every effort to reform without Christ will be futile. This is why he is called " Saviour." We may observe with rigorous exactness every form and cere-mony, and outwardly comply with every religious dogma as did the Jews, with hearts of stone, and omit " the weightier matters of the law, judgment; mercy, and faith." Our work is to seek the Lord by faith, "For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God." The foregoing truths are taught through-out the Bible so plainly that "wayfaring men, though fools," need not err therein. Yet to-day large numbers, led by so-called " reverend " gentlemen and " doctors of divinity " who are themselves sons of the fallen Adam; who are themselves sinners; whose own salvation depends wholly upon the grace, of God through faith in Christ; who, while professing reverence for the Word which says: " The servant of the Lord must not strive ; but be gentle unto all men, apt to teach, patient, in meekness instructing those that oppose themselves " (2 Tim. 2: 24, 25), are binding themselves into the bundles referred to in Matt. 13: 30, forming confederacies under such titles as " The National Reform Association," " The American Sabbath Union," " The Pennsylvania Sabbath Association," etc., for the sole purpose of forcing an outward mock observance of religious dogmas by those who have no faith in them. But the disease being one of the heart, their  external applications, fines and imprison-ment, cannot reach it. These remedies, like the nauseous nostrums of the quack, are administered only to the symptoms, and the disease is aggravated. The whole movement is comprehended and condemned in Isa. 8 : 9-13, " Say ye not, A confederacy, to all them to whom this people shall say, A confederacy; neither fear ye their fear, nor be afraid. Sanc-tify the Lord of hosts himself; and let him be your fear, and let him be your dread." Surely the condition brought to view in Isa. 60: 2, " Darkness shall cover the earth; and gross darkness the people," is now developed. And so dense is this darkness that these deluded creatures are attempting to force the observance of the first day of the weekŠthe papal Sabbath Šupon the people, when the Bible plainly says, " The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." The Lord's command to his servants at this time is, " Cry aloud, spare not, lift up thy voice like a trumpet, and shew my people their transgressions, and the house of Jacob their sins." Isa. 58 :1. And this is the solemn and important work in which the SENTINEL is now engaged. GEO. M. POWELL. Niles, _Mich. Ł The Presbyterian Moral Standard. THE New York Presbytery has passed resolutions commending and applauding the course and methods of Dr. Parkhurst, with the single opposing vote of the Rev. Dr. Mullally. It has thus decided and proclaimed that detective proceedings are within the province and consistent with the function of a Christian minister, in which character and capacity alone the Presbytery can properly regard him. Of course, the settlement of such a ques-tion is the Presbytery's own affair. It is free to decide for itself the range of the duties incumbent on a Presbyterian min-ister, as such, and it has decided, with the emphasis of almost complete unanimity, that among them is the visiting of houses of ill-fame in the disguise of 'a detective. As the Westminster. Confession restricts it to the consideration of ecclesiastical mat-ters purely, this decision makes such a performance rightfully appertain to the office of a Christian minister; and there-fore it establishes a new standard of proper, becoming, and obligatory ministe-rial conduct. That such was the sentiment and the intention of the Presbytery in passing res-olutions laudatory of Dr. Parkhurst's visits to houses of ill-fame in the disguise of an old reprobate from the West; was indicated by the loud applause with which that serious body received the declaration of the Rev. Dr. Field that " Dr. Park-hurst never fulfilled his duties so well " as when he made such visits under the cover of darkness and that deceitful disguise. The decision was made, too, after the sub-ject had been under special consideration by the members of the Presbytery for a month, and after the objection to it as the establishment of a dangerous precedent, which was presented by Dr. Mullally, had been carefully weighed and fully dis-cussed. It expresses, therefore, the ma-tured judgment of these ministers and elders. The decision as expressed in the resolu-tions passed, with the single dissenting voice of Dr. Mullally, is, particularly,  that in disguising himself and visiting houses of ill-fame the Rev. Dr. Parkhurst proceeded in strict accordance with the spirit and teaching of "the Gospel of Christ as the supreme remedy for every form of evil, and the Church of Christ as the agency by which the world is to be regenerated and saved." It is that by such methods "the moral teachings of Christ must be applied to every sphere of life," and that consequently "the Church should," by justifying and applauding them, "bear her testimony for righteous-ness and purity in all human affairs." Parkhurst's example, moreover, is espe-cially commended to "the Christian young men of the city," as tending to arouse them to "a realizing sense of their moral and religious duties as citizens," "bind-ing them together in efforts for the purifi-cation of our civil and social life." Inci-dentally, therefore, the course of the minister in taking along with him in his nocturnal prowlings a pink-faced young man of his church to witness " circuses " got up at his provocation and expense, and to carouse and dance with naked har-lots, is held up for youthful admiration as " noble," " faithful," and " heroic." The members of the Presbytery "rejoice" in it, express " gratitude " to Dr. Park-hurst because of it, and contemplate the proceeding with " pride." It is very desirable that the public should know exactly the moral standard of the Presbyterian Church, so that every-body may be able to determine whether it suits him and whether he wishes his chil-dren brought up according to it. The religious belief of the New York Presby-tery is not definable in this radical varia-tion from the Westminster Confession, and hence whoever likes its moral stand-ard, now so precisely established, is eligi-ble for admittance to its churches without regard to his doctrinal opinions. The ex-istence of a large number of disreputable houses in town indicates that this Presby-terian moral standard will not fail for support, and many people may be attracted to a church which makes deceit a virtue and moral uncleanness beautiful and spot-less purity, so long as they are practiced in a truly religious spirit. All people who think differently and who feel it in-cumbent on them to live and to teach their children by precept and example to live decently, honorably, and in obedience to principle never compromising with evil under the false pretence that the end jus-tifies the use of vicious means, are of course out of place in a church which formally and officially, by its representa-tive Presbytery, holds up for them as their exemplar a minister who went about in disguise and in company with a young man of his flock, visiting and inciting and paying for exhibitions of naked harlots, " for the purification of our civil and social life."ŠN. Y. Sun, Jan. 16, 1895. The Latest Issues of the Bible Students' Library. Christ Our. AdvocateŠHis Ministry in the TabernacleŠBy Elder M. H. Brown. Bible Students' Library No. 128. This pamphlet is a brief, comprehensive treat-ise of the work of Christ in the sanctuary in heaven. It describes the sanctuary built by Moses and its furniture, and traces the priesthood, service, and history of the tabernacle and the temple until the destruction of the latter, in A. D. 70, It 