NUMBER 33. CHICAGO, AUGUST 23, 1900. \roz- maiihear my words; and believe not 'judge him not. ŠJesus Christ.'  \ VOLUME 15. \ 6  THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. (Continuing American Sentinel) Ł Published weekly at 324 Dearborn Street, Chicago, Illinois, BY THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. Entered at the Chicago Post Office as Second-Class Matter. §ttbscription. price, $1.00 L. A. SMITH, ll  C. P. EOLLMA,N,.! - Editors. IT is no injustice to one to prevent his doing in-justice to another. THE plumb line of moral rectitude is not the law of man, but the law of God. "PROPERTY rights are most secure," says Mr. Bryan, " when human rights are most respected." You-are answerable in religion to no power which will not undertake to be answerable for you at the bar of God. TRUTH can always afford to be fair and even liberal. Only falsehood fears the light. Truth courts investigation. TRUTH can never compromise with error, but it does not follow that those who hold truth Ought to be intolerant. Intolerance is an .evidence-'of con- scious weakness. Ł - THE early church did hot seek the power of the state until she had lost the power Of God;' No more  do those to-day seek the aid of civil power who are conscious of a living connection with the source of divine power. THE image and superscription upon the Sabbath are not those of Czesar, but of the Creator; to him alone, therefore, is Sabbath obServance to be ren-dered. THE cause of Christianity is advanced in the earth not by one person triumphing over others, but by the individual conquest of self. The Christian con-quers Hot by making others yield, but by yielding up himself. PATRIOTISM. THE true patri6t is not always the man who dies for his country. The country needs men who are willing to live for it, no less thanŁ it needs men who will lay down their lives fighting its battles. To die for one's country is heroic, but to live for one's country is to render it 'even a greater service and to display a greater heroism. If men are not willing to live for their country it avails nothing that-they may be willing to die for it. Spain had . men who were willing and ready to die for her, but the vices of selfishness had undermined her foundations and sapped her vitality and she could not stand the ordeal of war; and because of this the many who were willing to die for her thi-ew away their lives in vain. The nation may be preserved by the sacrifice of those who die for it, but it will not be worth pre-serving if its people live only for theinselves. 'Self-ishness is the sure breeder of despotism and of all that is detestable in government. An unselfish life 