224 E. Ariir-Z44-10 NTINEL. Vol. 4, No. 28. Anrrical geOirrl. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, AUGUST 7, 1889. NoTE.--No papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. A NATIONAL Reformer very innocently asks, "If a theocracy was a good thing for the children of Israel;  why would a theocracy not be a pod thing for us now ? " We answer : For the simple reason that while the Jewish theocracy was estab-lished by God, any so-called theocracy that might be set up now, would be simply man-made ; and instead of God being the ruler, men would rule in the name of God. In short, such a govern-ment would be nothing more nor less than an image to the Papacy. The Pope poses as the Vicar of the Son of God ; he is described by the apostle (2 Thess. 2: 4) as sitting "in the temple of God, showing himself that he is God," and this is just what any man must do who attempts to put into practical operation the theocratical theory of government. THE New York Churchman says that " it is remarkable that the clergy of the various religious bodies take so small a part in political concerns, for in other free countries they are conspicuous in such affairs. It is stated that parliamentary gov-ernment was an invention of theologians, the first Gaily representative imperial parliament that ever met having been the Church Parliament at Nicaca." Just so; and the decrees of that "representative imperial parliament" were enforced by the civil power, and those who refused to assent to its dogmas were banished. If the Churchman can point to nothing any more creditable to the clergy than their part in the Council of Nicma, those who love liberty of conscience will be likely to conclude that the less ministers, as such, have to do with politics the better. NATIONAL REFORM District Secretary J. M. Foster says:Š " The same cry that aroused the Crusaders in the eleventh century to rescue the holy sepulcher from the hands of the infidel, will awake the hosts of Im-manuel to rescue this land from the powers of the world, and incorporate it in the city of God."ŠChris-Nan Statesman, [Tune f', 1887. We have an idea that that is just about the straight truth in the matter, as it will be when Na-tional Reform gets to its full tide of progress. Then, as like causes produce like effects, we may expect to see again enacted some of the fanatical scenes of the crusades. Says Waddington.: " The Crusaders exclaimed, It is the will of God ! and in that fancied behest, the fiercest brutalities which the world ever beheld, soughtŠnot pallia-tion, butŠhonor and he crown cf eternal reward." THE question of Sunday marriages has been before the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, and that tribunal has decided that a marriage solem-nized on Sunday is null and void ! Such a law may be in the interests of Sunday sanctity, but it certainly will not tend to protect young marriageable females. Any lecherous wretch who wants to accomplish the ruin of some con-fiding girl, in Pennsylvania, need no longer take his chances on prosecution for seduction; he can  just get her -to consent to a marriage on Sunday, and then when his lust is satiated, he can cast her off like an unclean thing. Anyone at all convers-ant with legal matters can readily see how such a decision will work untold injustice to hundreds of innocent women and children; but what of that, so long as Sunday is protected? This decision may be law, but it is not equity. It is, however, another illustration of the wickedness of Sunday laws. THE following item from the Denver News shows haw little the great subject of religious liberty is understood in these days:Š " If the importance of perpetuating one day's rest in seven is conceded, and to save this rest to the in-dustrial masses it is necessary to legalize a day, the fact that such law would occasion inconvenience to a minority does not necessarily imply injustice to the latter. Such concessions are in harmony with a prin-ciple that is essential to the existence of society." But such a law would occasion more than " inconvenience " to a minority; in several States such laws have occasioned persecution to " a minority." An instance of this kind was given in these columns last week, under the heading, " Practical Workings of a Sunday Law." Dis-guise it as they will, the fact remains that Sunday laws are demanded because so many re-gard the day as sacred, and when they secure a law which makes such a thing possible, they will use it to oppress those who teach and, practice differently from themselves. The ostensible rea-son urged for Sunday laws is, to secure a day of rest for working men; the real reason is, the re-ligious character of the day. LET no reader of the AMERICAN SENTINEL forget that, in a speech before the recent Missouri Sabbath Convention at Sedalia, Rev. W. D. Gray said, "I do not believe that Governments derive their just powers from the consent'of the governed, and so the object of this movement is an effort to change that feature in our fundamental law." We have been charged with being, unfair be-cause we have treated the work of the American Sabbath Union as being identical with the work of the National Reform Association, but we sub-mit if everything we have ever said to that effect is not fully justified by these words of Mr. Gray. It may be claimed that Mr. Gray did not prop-erly state the object of the American Sabbath Union, but we believe that when these words were uttered the field secretary of that Union was present, and not only offered no protest but permitted Mr. Gray to be chosen secretary of the permanent State organization. NATIONAL Reformers are wont to insist that they are opposed to the union of Church and State, and, allowing them to define the term, we suppose that they are, for they say that such a union consists in a union of some particular sect and the State. This they are opposed to, but, say they, " We want a union of religion and the State." This is simply making a distinction with-out a difference, for when the State adopts a relig-ion, somebody must decide what that religion is, and the tenets thus decided upon becomethe State creed, or the State religion. When Constantine made Christianity the religion of the Roman Empire, a council was called to decide what was entitled to be recognized as Christianity, and then that which was thus recognized by the council received the protection of Rome, while everything else was outlawed. And just so  it would be in this country if Christianity were declared to be the religion of the United States or of any State, some authority would have to say what constitutes Christianity, and everything.out-side of that would be outside of the law. = And this is just what the National Reformers are seek-ing to bring about. IN its issue of May 16, the Christian Statesman waxes very indignant over what it terms "an act of unspeakable impudence," which consisted in offering to President Harrison a goblet full of American wine from a float representing the liquor interest, and which took part in the indus-trial parade of New York on the occasion of the recent centennial exhibition there. We do not intend to condone such an offense as this, for, apart from its moral aspect, it was certainly in violation of all rules of good taste; but the point which most forcibly impressed us in the States-man's account was the manner in which it referred to the " effrontry of-the liquor industry." The Statesman, is very actively engaged in the movement to suppress the Sunday saloon, In fact, this is one of the great sources of evil in our country, according to the statements of Na-tional Reformers, in whose interests the States-man is published. Shut up the saloon on Sun-day, they say, so the Sabbath can be observed and people can have an opportunity to attend church, etc. By taking such a position as this they tacitly admit that the saloon is evil only on Sunday. No amount of argument can dodge this conclu-sion. If the saloon is evil, and only evil, and if the liquor interest of the country is a gigantic source of wrong, then why shut up the saloons on Sunday any more than on any other day? Wrong is wrong, no matter upon what day it is committed; 'but the Statesman, in taking, the position it has in the past on the Sunday saloon question, virtu-ally admits that the business of saloon-keeping is just as legitimate and honorable upon the other days of the week as any other business that could be mentioned. If this is the case (a point which we by no means admit, but which would be plainly proven by the Statesman's logic), then it cer-tainly is very much out of place for the States-man to sneer at the "liquor industry" of Amer-ica. Consistency, though a jewel, is conspicious chiefly on account of its absence in such a course as this. r  Sr Ł THE same cause which restrained the vigor, polluted the character of the church; for, being unable immediately to repress its own spiritual weapons,-the violent animosities of its ministers, and impatient of the gradual influence of time and reason, in a dark and disastrous moment it had recourse to that temporal sword which was not intended for its service, and which it has never yet employed without disgrace or without impunity.Š Waddington,. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO lee defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisinglyopposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - - $1.00 In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid; - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, :059 Castro St., 0.4341,AND, CAF,. 