98 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. The truth of the matter is that, as re-spects real virtue and right, this whole book is but a series of platitudes. As re-gards virtue, it simply mentions as that which ought to be done, what everybody already knows ought to be done. Every person knows that he ought to be kind, cheerful, honest, truthful, deferential, and all the other things in the catalogue. The difficulty is not that men do not know that they ought to do these things : the diffi-culty is to do that which they know they ought to do, and which they know to be right. Having noticed the " reasons" which. Mr. Bierbower gives as to why these things ought to be done; and the ,reason why it is right to do them; it is of interest next to inquire the means by which he proposes that they may be done. That men do not always do what they ought to do, is admitted by the book. For instance, one of the virtues inculcated is " thinking kindly of others," yet, it is ad-mitted that some do think badly of others. Thus says the book :Š If we think badly of others, it is more the result of a bad heart than of a good judgment. Family love is one of the virtues incul-cated, yet it is admitted that in some families love is not manifested. Thus says the book :Š If one does not think highly of his parents, it is not because they are unworthy, but because he is. . Ł . One who does not love his parents can not well take on any virtue. Another virtue inculcated, is love for all mankind; yet, it is admitted that this is not manifested by all. Yet another virtue inculcated is kindness, which it is likewise admitted, is not always shown by all: Thus we might go through all the book, naming the virtues and finding the constant admission that those virtues are not always manifested by all. These which -we have named, however, are suffi-cient to show that such a condition of things amongst mankind, is clearly recog-nized in this proposed system of morality. Now, what help does the book give, or what source of help does it suggest, to enable men to do the good -.which is re-quired ? When it is admitted that to think badly of men is evidence of a bad heart rather than a good judgment, what remedy is proposed .for the bad heart ? Here it is :Š We should make it a habit of judgment to think well of everybody until we learn the contrary. Can a bad heart be made good by " a habit of judgment " ? More than this, where is the habit of judgment to come from ? As he thinketh in his heart, so is he. Then, as to think badly of another is more the result of a bad heart, than of a good judgment, this is to say the judgment is bad also. In other words, the bad judg-ment is the result of the bad heart. Then if the heart is bad, how can it possibly be that the judgment may form a habit to think well. This is to say that the heart  can reform itself, that the bad heart can make itself good. " Can the Ethiopian change his skin, or the leopard his spots ? Then may ye also do good, that are amts.,  tomed to do evil," But the Ethiopian can not change his skin, neither the leopard his spots. The heart being bad, it never can make itself good, nor can it ever cre-ate, a habit of judgment that will- think well of everybody. Yet, we are reminded that the book does not say without qualification that the habit must be to think well of everybody. You are only to think well of everybody "until you learn the contrary." Then, we suppose this system of morality and virtue would allow it to be virtuous to think ill of men. But " charity," and that is morality, "thinketh no evil," at any time. Ł Again, the book says, that if one does not think highly of his parents, it is be= cause " he is unworthy," and such an one can not well take on any virtue. In this case, therefore, the key of the whole sit-uation lies in that unworthiness being turned into worthiness. Lack of love for his parents is evidence of a fault in him-self, and until this fatilt is remedied, lie can not well take on any virtue. How, then, shall the fault be remedied ? Well, only nine pages before this statement, un-der the heading of " Love for all," are these words:Š Nobody can be unkind to oneswhom he well knows. . . . It is our duty, therefore, to know men well enough to love them. But if a man does not know his parents, who in the world can he know ? And if lie does not know them well enough to love them, how can he ever find anybody whom he can know well enough to love ? Especially when the reason that he does not love his parents is not in them but in himself. The lack of love for his parents is admitted not to be in his lack of knowl-edge of them, but in his own unworthi-ness. This brings us to the same point as before, that the fault is not primarily in the judgment, nor in outward circum-stances but in the heart. And if the con-dition of the heart is such that he does not love the very ones whom he knows best and to whom he owes the most of all on earth, then how is that heart to be brought to a condition in which it will love any-body ? The book says that it shall be "by thinking of them more and understanding them better." But his heart is already impure, unloving, and bad, how, then, can thoughts of love come from it ? The Ethiopian can not change his skin. The heart can not change itself. If love is not in the heart, it can not appear in the thoughts, nor in the life. Again, when an individual does not find kindness manifesting itself in his conduct toward others how shall this lack be rem-edied ? This book says it is "the object of ethics to engender this kindly feeling as the most general guarantee of morality."  How then is it proposed that this system of ethics shall engender kindly feeling ? Here is the " how " t This may- be done by concentrating the will un-swervingly 'upon it and keeping the resolution to be continually kind. Yes, that is quite a nice prescription if it was worth anything; but everybody knows by a lifelong experience, that it is utterly worthless. Every person knows for himself that he has attempted many a time to concentrate his will unswervingly upon such things as that, and he knows that his will has swerved many a time. Everybody knows that he has made reso-lutions of this sort an infinite number of timesŠNeW Year's days, birthdays, and many Other anniversariesŠand he knows that the difficulty is not in making the resolutions, but in keeping them, It is written, and it is the living experience of every man on earth, that " that which I do, I allow not: for what I would, that do I not; but what I hate, that do I. If then I do that which I would not, I con-sent unto the law that it is good. Now then it is no more I that do it, but sin that dwelleth in me. For I know that in me (that is, in my flesh), dwelleth no good thing t for to will is present with me; but how to perform that which is good I find not. For the good that I would, I do not : but the evil which I would not, that do I. . . . I find then a law, that, when I would do good, evil is present with me." There is over every man a law which prevents him from doing the good that he knows, and that he wills to doŠa law which causes evil to appear in the very best efforts of men to do strictly and con-tinually what is right. That law is as fixed as the law of the seasons or of gravi-tation : and it will hold every man in the bondage of an everlasting and wretched captivity unless he will be delivered by Him who is above that law, that is by Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ has power and grace to deliver men from this law of sin and death, and to clothe them with the power to do the good, not only which they already know, but all additional good that may be made known by the Spirit of God. Professed philosophers, eminent teachers, and would-be saviours, in large numbers, have set forth systems of morality and rules of life; but they not only failed to bestow the power to perform, but they themselves failed to perform the duties which they enjoined. The excellency of the knowledge of Christ Jesus, the Lord, is in that he not only set forth the grand-est system of right known to the universe, but he imparts the power to perform it. Therefore no man need ever be ashamed of " the gospel of Christ, for it is the power of God, unto salvation to every one that believeth." And the power of God, working in him who is of faith, enables him " both to will and to do " of God's good pleasure. Without this power no man can ever do 