118 THE AMERICAN 8N-riNEL,. RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. DECLARATION of PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit-ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on religious,questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own con-science. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and honorable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil government; that we and our fellow-citMens may enjoy the in -stimstble blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK CITY ; 225 A Sr.Ł  N. E, WASHINGTON ; 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO. Tried by the Record. THE Congressional Record for March 7, contains. the following :Š Mr. Blair: I present the petition of Mary E. Catlin, superintendent of the department of Sabbath observ-ance, Woman's Christian Temperance Union, and sec-retary for the 'Woman's Christian Temperance Union, in which she states that on the night of February 17, 1890, petitions were stolen representing petitioners for a Siiriday-rest law for the District of Columbia, and for till :Under the jurisdiction of Congress, from the various 'States to the number of.  7,000 individual signa-tures, and she asks that tins be accepted in place of the petitions, and printed in the Record. The President, pro tempore : The petition will be received and referred to the Committee on the District of Columbia. In the same number of the Record, un-der the proceedings of the House, occurs thiS paragraph :Š By Air. Breckinridge of Kentucky: Petitions of 7,000 citizens for the Sunday-rest bill, to the Committee on the District of Cohimbia. The following is a copy of the document referred to the House committee, and which represents the signatures in ques-, tion Memorial to the United States House of Representa-tives-. As petition secretary for the Woman's Chris-tian Temperance Union, the undersigned, by this memorial, wishes to say' that on the night of February 17, petitions were stolen from her house, representing petitions for a , Sunday-rest law for the District of Columbia, and for all under the jurisdiction of Con-gress from the various States to the number of '7,000 (and more),' nearly all indiVidual signatures in duplicate. We ask that this memorial be accepted in place of the petition, and printed in the Record. Ł MARY E. CATLIN. Petition ,Secretary, Superintendent of the Depart-ment of ,Sabbath Observance, of the W. C. T. U., of the District of Columbia. Ł ThiS is the sequel to the episode of the stolen petitions. When reading her ad-dress to the committee on the District of Columbia, at tha hearing upon the local Sunday bill for the District, Mrs. Catlin said Honored Sirs, we ask that these rolls .of petitions shall be to you, the voice of the people, urging you for a Sunday-rest laW. I wish I could truly say the next sentence : we bring this morning such a plea, in the form of 27,131 endorsements for the Senate, and a larger number (30,000) for the House. But, last  night, when I wrote this paper, I had that number to bring here this morning. When I went after them, I found that they had been stolen during the night, .so that I am sorry to say, I have not that number to bring before you this morning. Later in the hearing, the question was asked Mrs. Catlin, in regard to the peti-tions : " Were they signatures or en-dorsements ?" Mrs. Catlin: They were largely signatures. The Chairman: How many of these signatures are you willing to say, came from the District of Co-lumbia? Mrs. Catlin: They were not from the District alone. The Chairman: They were not from the District alone, but from the whole country ? Mrs. Catlin : Yes; sir. The discrepancy between the numbers, 27,131 to the Senate, and 30,000 to the House, mentioned in the address to the committee, and the " 7,000 (and more) " mentioned in the memorial, is remarkable. The peculiar indefiniteness of statement, as regards the whole matter is also notice-able. It will be seen that in her address, which she says was written the night be-fore, when the petitions were in her pos-sessions, she has numbered them with ac-curacy, as respectively 27,131, and 30,000, and characterized them as " endorse-ments." But, when questioned with a view to finding out the number of indi-vidual signatures, she replies, " They were largely signatures." This would naturally be understood to mean from 15,000 to 20,000. When asked, " How many of them were from the District," as bearing directly upon the local bill under consideration, the answer given is evasive Š" They were not from the District alone." The memorial, however, speaks of no signatures at all from the District, in ref-erence to the District bill, but enumerates them as " from the various States." The number has dwindled to " 7,000 (and more) ; " and of these, the best that can be said, is not that they are individual signatures, but that "they are nearly all individual signatures." If the " nearly " bears the same relation to the 7,000 that the " largely " did to the 30,000, the list of individual signatures is quite small. It will be seen also., that neither Mr. Blair, in his presentation to the Senate, nor Mr. Breckinridge in the House, nor Mrs. Catlin, either in her memorial or in her address to the committee (although questioned upon it) anywhere make men-tion of any of these signatures, as dis-tinctively from the District of Columbia, praying for the passage of the local law. It is evident there were none; or, if any, so few that it was deemed best to ignore the voice of the District entirely, upon the passage of its own law. It is to be noticed, also, 'that the pres-entations of the matter, both in the Sen-ate and the House, as spread upon the record, are inaccurate.' The memorial to the Senate is stated in the Record, as re-questing the acceptance of 7,000 individual  signatures, while the memorial itself says that there are " nearly " that, but leaves the actual number entirely indefinite. In the House, " petitions of 7,000. citizens for the Sunday-rest bill," are recorded as pre-sented, without qualification, or sugges-tion that they were not offered in reality, but represented by a memorial. The impenetrable indefiniteness and be-wildering inaccuracy which has charac-terized every statement as regards these petitions, is characteristic, and no less true in the case of all the ostensible mil-lions which have been presented. The value of these petitions for " Sunday rest " would be totally invalidated if only their character were generally understood. W. H. M. Effect of the Definite Article. IN the last paragraph of the Blair Sunday-rest bill, occurs this phrase, " in-dividuals who conscientiously believe in and observe any other day than Sunday, as the Sabbath." In this connection, the definite effect of the article " the " cannot be ignored. It is not as a Sunday, or as a civil Sunday, or as a rest day, or as a Sabbath, but as " the " Sabbath. What Sabbath ? When definitely stated, like this, the authority to which final appeal must be taken, is the commandment, of God, and that says " The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." This expression in the bill therefore definitely proves that the day in regard to which this legislation is asked is not a civil Sunday, but " the Sabbath of the Lord." When all knowledge of the growth, derivation and construction of the English language has been lost, then the Sunday legislationists may hope to convince intelligent men that the words " the Sabbath " are susceptible of the translation " a civil Sunday,"Šnot before. W. H. M. STATE SECRETARY J. M. REES, of Indi-ana, says : "I find that the people are more anxious to hear, on the subject of Religious Liberty, than they were one year ago. Many who were opposed to our work at that time, are now in favor of it. Last Sunday night, after speaking to a crowded house, I presented the petition for those who desired to sign. Among others who signed it, were three persons who had signed a petition in favor of the Blair bill. They were very anxious to sign my pe-tition, and did so, saying that they were blinded when they signed the other. So, you see, when the subject is- set before the people, they will realize the unreason-ableness of religious legislation." STATE SECRETARY N. W. KAUBLE writes from South Dakota : " Thus far I have spent my time in Dakota, in holding gen-eral meetings for the discussion of the principles of civil and religious liberty, and in lecturing. I have had, in the towns, good sized, intelligent audiences, and am highly gratified at the results." C. ELDIUDGE, W. Ł H. McKEE, President. Secretary. 