AMERICAN SENTINEL. 381 war. The purposes of the two are utterly and unalter-ably at variance. Again, every feature of the service on a man-of-war rests upon the sanction of the Government, for a man-of-war is wholly a Government institution. Sunday ob-servance, therefore, as a feature of this service, has the sanction of the Government,Ša sanction which is wholly unauthorized by the fundamental law of the Government Šthe Constitution. This, and the governmental ap-pointment of chaplains, are features consistent only with a union of Church and State. True Protestantism. TRUE Protestants are united in vindicating the rights of conscience and in protesting against intolerance. True Protestants are united in fighting for the liberty of their antagonists as earnestly as for the liberty of their friends, ever preferring to be among the persecuted than among the persecutors. True Protestants are united in rejecting the use of the civil power, ever preferring to see the gospel op-pressed when deliverance from oppression must be ob-tained by the use of carnal weapons.ŠCount A. de Gas-parin, 1852. THE New York Press, of June 10, is authority for the following:Š "The Scottish Sabbath Alliance has come to the con-clusion that milking cows on Sunday is sin. A series of experiments has demonstrated that if the cows be not fed on Saturday they will not need to be milked on Sun-day. The next step will be to use gags which will prevent any mooing." DR. CHARLES A. BERRY, of London, recently remarked that "the most imminent danger to the Bible to-day is the man who would fight like a Trojan for the orthodox theory of inspiration, but does not sit down and read the BOOK for himself." The Bible itself is in no danger, of course; for it stands by the power of God. But there are very many people who are in danger of incurring eternal disaster because they are more willing to show their Christian zeal by fighting than by humbly seeking for divine instruction. Wanted. Interesting Facts. AT this time when so much is being said concerning the nations of Europe, we believe it will be interesting to everybody to see the picture of some of the people who stand at the head of the variousŁ governments. The above heading is the name of a little book, which con-tains besides 74 pages of very interesting facts brought out in various Ways, AN ALBUM OF 21 FINE HALF-TONE CUTS DIRECT FROM THE PHOTOGRAPHS of European royalty, and includes Victoria, Queen of England; Christian IX., of Denmark, and his Queen; Frederick, Crown Prince of Denmark; Oscar, King of Sweden; Sophia, Queen of Sweden; the King and Queen of Greece; Alexander III., Czar of Russia; and Maria Dagmar, Czarina of Russia; Wilhelm II., Emperor of Germany, and his wife; Josef I., Emperor of Austria, his Queen and her son; and others of equal importance and renown. This little book contains a total of 96 pages, nicely bound, in heavy paper, and was sold by the publisher at 25 cents. We will send it post-paid for 15 cents per copy two copies for 25 cents. Send now. Postage stamps will be received. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO.. 39 Bond St., New York City. TO OUR PATRONS : 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind ofgood money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. ERICAN SENTIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in principle. Published Weekly by Pacific Press Publishieng Go. ORGAN OF THE FIFTY good hygienic cooks. The Sanitarium sum-mer school will conduct a special course for the training of persons who desire to become practical hygienic cooks. There is an increasing demand for such persons to take positions in connection with our schools, sanitariums. city missions, and in private families. Those interested should address the undersigned at once. J. H. KELLOGG. International Religious hiberty Association. Single Copy, Per Year, - $1.00. Six months, - 44 Three " - 26. ADDRXSS, AIIERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York. 