114 MEIOIEVIC VoL. 9, No. 15. of being listened to in that pandemonium of passion and universal horror. The word was spoken, and was at length listened to. A general armistice was first arranged, and then a conference of plenipotentiaries was convened in St. Petersburg. The propositions of each power were formally sub-mitted, after full instructions from the home govern-ments, and each plenipotentiary gave a solemn assur-ance that he would be bound by the decision which his holiness, after three months' discussion of the pro-posals, with the help of two leading jurisconsults from America, should render. As to the settlement of the Roman question, the suggestion came from America. The idea was to fol-low the example of the American Union with regard to the City of Washington and the District of Colum-bia,. This is a sort of neutral territory, whose affairs are controlled by cominissioners nominated by Con-gress. There are no representatives for the district, and no elections in it consequently. The patrimony of the church has been restored, and the government of the city and territory is placed in the hands of commissioners chosen by the holy father. Florence is the capital of the republic, and Rome once more the capital of Christendom. Now Europe, whilst retaining her ancient divisions, is traversed by a series of neutralized States which serve as barriers between the rival powers; the right of free passage on all the high seas, including the Mediterranean and the Dardanelles, is guaranteed to the whole world, and the head of the Catholic Church is at last free to deal without let or hindrance with every portion of his wide spreading domain. The eternal city has wakened up from the fitful fever of Revolution ;'the money changers have been driven from the temple, and an era of blessed tranquillity now seems to have dawned at last over long-distracted Europe. The pope once more is free. This to some may seem chimerical, but it is the cherished dream and fond ambi-tion of the papacy, and to its accomplish-ment all the powers of that mighty hier-archy are being devoted. Every art known to " the mystery of iniquity '° is being used. Is it asked with what suc-cess ? Look at the proud Bismarck, and the powerful German Empire prostrate at the feet of Rome; look at Italy, united, it is true, with the seat of empire the " City of the Seven Hills," but the most bank-rupt and distressed of all nations, not excepting even the " Sick Man of the East." THEN turn to our own country, with -a population of seventy millions, yet for all that, writhing in the grasp of Rome by means of less than ten millions of her votaries. The futile efforts of President Harrison and his advisers to discontinue the appropriations to Catholic contract schools, though seconded by united Prot-estantism, speaks volumes, and tells of a power that should be hated, but whether hated or not, must be feared, and is too certainly felt to be ignored. The success, political and otherwise, of popery in the United States, is exerting a world-wide influence in favor of the Roman hierarchy and the claims of the Vatican to universal, spiritual domination. Nor is this an ac-cident; Rome, and the master mind back of Rome, whose representative Rome is, designed to have it so, and Rome is making the most of it, both in America and in Europe. WITH consummate skill every develop-ment in the political, industrial, or social world is turned to account by Rome. To avoid a war some years since which Ger-many dared not undertake because of France, Bismarck turned to the pope as arbitrator; and Rome, seizing the fact, has ever since, in season and out of season, urged that "his holiness" be made the arbiter of the world. In its issue of Feb-ruary 17, in an article on " The Pope as International Arbitrator," the Catholic 3ifirror says :Š International arbitration is gaining ground more 4-1:l more, and it promises to hasten the day when the  sword shall be sheathed forever. We have seen its favorable results in the decision given by Leo XIII. in the case of the Caroline Islands, a dispute between Germany and Spain, and, still more recently, in the French decision in our own Behring Sea trouble. . This is, indeed, a sign of the times. Then, after quoting a suggestion that the pope be, by common consent, made arbiter, the Mirror adds :Š This appears to be a wise suggestion; and Bismarck, in selecting the pope to decide the Caroline Islands' dispute, showed that he was of a like opinion The day may not be far distant when the nations will adopt this method of settling their differences. This subject was made prominent at the Parliament of Religions held last fall in Chicago. In a paper read before the Con-gress, September 23, Thomas J. Semmes said :Š The oldest treaty now on record made by an English king with a foreign power was arranged by Pope John XV., A. D. 1002, and drawn up in his name. In 1298 Boniface VIII acted as arbitrator between Philip Bel and Edward I. In 1883 the Senate of the United States voted in favor of inserting in our treaties an arbitration clause, the arbitrators to consist of eminent jurisconsults not engaged in politics. President Grant, in his message to Congress in 1873, mystically said : " I am disposed to believe that the author of the universe is preparing the world to become a single nation speaking the same language, which will hereafter render armies and navies superfluous," In 1874, Congress, by a joint resolution, declared that the people of the United States recommended that an arbitration tribunal be constituted in place of war, and the President was authorized to open negotiations for the establishment of a system of international rules for the settlement of controversies without resort to war. In December, 1882, President Arthur announced, in his message to Congress, that he was ready to partici-pate in any measure tending to "guarantee peace on earth." . . . During the century from 1793 to 1893 there have been fifty-eight international arbitrations. Ł . . From 1793 to 1848, a period of fifty-five years, there were nine arbitrations; there were fifteen from 1848 to 1870, a period of twenty-two years; there were fourteen from 1870 to 1880, and twenty from 1880 to 1893. The most interesting arbitration of the century was that in which the highest representative of moral force in the world was accepted in 1885 by the apologist of material force to mediate between Germany and Spain. Leo XIII revived the role of the popes in the middle ages. The obstacles to an international code are not insur-mountable, but the assent of nations to the establish-ment of a permanent tribunal of arbitration depends upon the practicability of so organizing it as to secure impartiality. Many suggestions have been made by the wise and learned, by philosophers, statesmen and philanthropists, but none seem to be free from objec-tion. In despair the eyes of some are fixed on the pope. An interesting quotation from the Spectator and English Review, says: " Humanity is in search of an arbitrator whose impartiality is indisputable. In many respects the pope is, by position, designed for this office. He occupies a rank which permits mon-archs as well as republics to have recourse to him without sacrifice of dignity. As a consequence of his mission the pope is not only impartial between all nations but he is at such a degree of elevation that their differences are imperceptible to him. The diffi-culty about religion is becoming weaker every day. The fact that the most haughty statesman of Europe (Prince Bismarck) recognizes in the face of the world that he can, without loss of dignity, submit his conduct in an international affair to the judgment of the pope, is an extraordinary proof that the pope still occupies an exceptional position in our skeptical modern world." Why should not the exceptional position of the pope be utilized by the nations of the world ? He is the highest representative of moral force on earth; over 200,000,000 of Christians scattered throughout all nations stand at his back, with a moral power which no other human being can command, no longer a temporal sovereign the ambition of hegemony cannot affect his judgment, religion and State are practically disassociated throughout Christendom, so that on mat-ters of religion all are free to follow the dictates of conscience without fear of the civil power, and there-fore political motives cannot disturb his equilibrium. THE tide is running strong in the direc-tion indicated by Mr. Senames. As shown in the outset of this article, the existing condition of affairs is exceedingly favor-able to the consummation of Rome's ambi- tion in this direction; and above all, we know from the word of God that Rome is yet to say in her heart, " I sit a queen, and. am no widow, and shall see no sor-row." But, praise God ! her reign will be short; " for strong is the Lord God who judgeth her." C. P. B. Recognizing God." THE St. Louis Republic of March 13, has the following concerning the proposed " Christian " amendment to the national Constitution:Š Undoubtedly there are some very worthy people among the ministers who have spent the week in Washington supporting the absurd Morse resolution "for the recognition of God in the Constitution," but their worthiness does not excuse the folly of the pro-ceeding. The reasons for the separation of Church and State are too well known to need repetition here, but there is room for a statement of some of the objections to the form of Pharisaism represented by those who demand that in form at least this Government shall be changed to a theocracy. The community at large has an instinctive distrust for all parade of religion; for all pretentious and obtrusive piety. The man who should every morning, before opening his business for the day, summon his employs around him and "recognize God" by lead-ing them in public prayer, would lose business and become an object of general distrust, not because people generally distrust religion, but because they have a wholesome dread of false pretenses. The general instinct does not err. The man who carries his religion on his sleeve; who makes an ad-vertisement of it and uses it to attract attention to himself and his merits, is generally what people take him to be. Neither in business nor in politics nor anywhere else is it safe to trust those who thus pro-claim their religion on the corners of the streets. At the opening of the French Revolution there was an admirable illustration of this species of Pharisa-ism The Girondins, representing the moderate and conservative element of the French Republicans, were opposed to any profession of theocratic government, but another element insisted that " God, must be rec-ognized." This element was the Jacobins, with Robespierre as their leader, and they carried the day. As the cham-pion of the Almighty, Robespierre forced through a complimentary reference to the "Supreme Being," declaring that the Republio was inaugurated under His " auspices. This done, the Jacobins proceeded to decapitate the king and to set up the guillotine in the Place de la Revolution----all " under the auspices of the Supreme Being!" Rev Joseph Cook, of Boston, is not a Robespierre, to be sure, nor is Congressman Morse, of Massachu-setts, a Banton; so, perhaps, nothing very serious will come of the zeal which leads them to make a pub-lic exposure of their piety. This has the right ring. In this degen-erate age when so many are clamoring for a Sunday law and are denouncing our " godless Constitution," we are glad to see such outspoken, forcible, historical and truthful words as to the folly of uniting Church and State; in short, the supreme folly and wickedness of a hypo-critical theocracy. The truth of the mat-ter is, instead of recognizing God in the Constitution, these would-be National Reformers will soon recognize the devil in it,ŠSunday in it,Šenforced morality in it, the beast and his image, and then they will recognize the Inquisition in it and then woe to both civil and religious liberty. As long ago as December 15, 1871, the Christian Statesman said : " How long will it be before the Christian masses of this country can be roused to enact a law compelling their public servants to respect the Sabbath (Sunday) ?" The same organ in the same issue says further, that " it is in four of such declarations in our fun-damental instruments of law as shall show that this is a Christian nation, and that Christian morality is to be enforced over all the inhabitants of its soil." It is true that Rev. Joseph Cook is not a Robespierre nor Elijah Morse a Danton, 