360 AJOIIIEELICAINT SIEINT9P E1-4. VOL. 10, No. 45. May YORK, NOVEMBER 14, 1895. Pr' ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. WE have an excellent report of the speeches of Ex-Congressman Snodgrass and Ex-Judge Shepherd, especially of the latter, in the cases referred to on page 356. We will print them next week. THE Hon. Warner Miller professes to see in the Republican victory in this State a popular vindication and approval of his position re-specting the "American sabbath," notwith-standing the fact that the victory of the same party in other States was no less marked. Certain it is that the movement for strict Sunday " rest" laws will not scruple to ride into power upon the crest of any successfid party. Ł " THE King of Portugal," says the Catholic Review, "has yielded to the remonstrances of the Vatican and now presents his regrets' to King Humbert that he cannot visit the latter in Rome. He did not like the idea of being notified that if he, a Catholic, called at the Vatican after calling at the Quirinal, the door would be shut in his face. The politeness of the pope has a limit when the proprieties are transgressed . " IT is to be hoped that for the present at least religious intolerance and fanaticism have run their course at Graysville, Tenn. The letter on page 356, from D. W. Reavis, under the heading, "A Respite in Graysville," gives a brief account of the termination of the persecution which has raged in that county for the twelve months last past. Ex-Congressman Snodgrass and Judge Shep-herd have rendered invaluable service not only to the Adventists but to Rhea County and to the, State of Tennessee. Without doubt pub-lic sentiment had changed materially in regard to the cases, and all but a few bitter spirits were ready to welcome an era of tolera-tion; but without influential men to voice this sentiment, those who were conducting the persecution might have been able to continue it. Lovers of liberty everywhere will hail with joy this news which comes from Ten-nessee. NOVEMBER 8, Robert R. Whaley, a Sev-enth-day Adventist of Church Hill, Md., was convicted and sent to prison for the fourth time for violation of the Maryland Sunday " law." Mr. Whaley's offense was, hoeing in his gar-den. The chief witness against him testified that Mr. Whaley had hoed a spot of ground probably eight feet square. For this he was sentenced to pay a fine of " five dollars ($5) and costs, and to stand committed until the same  is paid," which means in Maryland thirty (30) days, as Mr. Whaley is unable to pay his fine and has no property out of which the costs can be made. There are some peculiar features which show the animus of the prosecution in this case. So far as we are able to learn it has never been the practice in Maryland to hold bondsmen responsible for costs in case of ap-peal from a justice of the peace; but this is just what is proposed in this case. When Mr. Whaley was arrested last July and convicted by the justice, he was told that if he took an appeal to the Circuit Court his bondsmen would be held for the costs. The International Religious Liberty Association secured legal advice on this point and was as-sured that there was no such law in Maryland; that every man had the right of appeal, and that such a ruling as that would be a virtual denial of the right of appeal to every man who was not able to give bond for the costs. The usual bond was given and an appeal was taken. The judgment of the lower court was affirmed; and now the prosecuting attorney, while ac-knowledging that it has not been the practice heretofore in that county, or so far as he knows in the State, to hold the bondsmen for costs, declares his intention to sue on the bond for the costs. The presiding judge declared in open court that " this expense to the county must be stopped;" so it seems that the courts are about to make some new " law " for Ad-ventists in Maryland, or at least to revive law which has been a dead letter for years in that State. The case of John A. Faust, in Baltimore, has not yet been tried and it is doubtful if it will be. This is the case in which a Seventh-day Adventist was indicted for mending shoes in his own room on Sunday. The witnesses spied upon him to see if he were at work. At the same time open violations of the "law " were to be seen on every hand in the city of Baltimore where this occurred. Saloons and other places were open contrary to the stat- ute. Street cars, etc., were running also contrary to the statute; but no attention was paid to any of these things, but this poor shoemaker, because he observed another day, was sought out and prosecuted. just as Mr. Whaley has been prosecuted repeatedly at Church Hill, not for disturbing anybody, not for trampling upon the rights of his neigh-bors, but simply for exercising his God-given and constitutional right to do ordinary quiet work on the first day of the week. THE Christian, Statesman, in attempting to show that the State is a moral person, finds itself led to make the astounding declaration that " no human power creates the State "! We advise the Statesman to get a United States history and read up that part of it re-lating to the origin of this nation. Still, some people in this world are so enamoured of a theory that when they see that facts do not agree with it the only admission they are will-ing to make is, " So much the worse for the facts!" " IT seems," says the Western Watchman (R. C.), " the school question in Manitoba is settled just the way the Catholics desired. We don't think the settlement the best, or even good ; but it was the best that could be got. We don't like to see Protestantism sup-ported by the State anywhere in this new world. When Protestantism will be dead and turned to dust in this country it will be still vigorous and combative in Canada. You will never get rid of the evil so long as you pay men out of the public treasury to continue it." Of course the Watchman thinks that only Catholic schools should be supported from the public treasury. The plan adopted in Man-toba is, we believe, a compromiseŠa division of funds. We believe that this is a mistake; religion should be taught in the church, in the home, and in denominational schools. The State has no business with it. Apropos to this subject is the article on page 356 of this paper from the pen of E. J. Waggoner, M. D., of London, Eng. Doctor Waggoner is not opposed to the Bible; indeed, he is a sincere believer in it, but he is opposed to teaching it in the public schools, and for very good reasons too, as all those who read his article will readily agree. THAT sincere lover of soul-liberty, Dr. E. T. Hiscox, the well-known Baptist minister and writer, is doing yeoman's service for the cause of religious liberty. He has in the Examiner, of November 7, a two-column " Shall Religious Persecution Continue?" in which he brands as "shameful" the treat-ment accorded observers of the seventh day in a number of different States, notably in Tennessee and Maryland, and inquires, "Where are the 1,200 Baptist ministers and the 164,-000 Baptist members of Tennessee? Have they no voice to raise against such shameful laws, which judges feel compelled to execute?" Thank God for such Baptists as Dr. Hiscox of New York and Dr. Wayland of Pennsyl-vania, and also for other true Baptists of less note but of equal moral courage. Ł -411.- Ł THE " AMERICAN SENTINEL " AND THE " MARVEL OF NATIONS." A VALUABLE book of 300 pages and over 40 illustrations, publishers' price, $1.00, sent postpaid, with the AMERICAN SENTINEL, one year, for $1.25. All readers of the SENTI-NEL should take advantage of this offer and send the book and paper to their friends. The book is well known to the reading public, having reached its 15th edition. It treats the past, present and future of the United States from a historical, political and religious standpoint. Send in your orders at once. Address: American Sentinel, 43 Bond St., New York City. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ,Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York City 