AUGUST 29, 1895. AME11-41IFEIC.A.N  269 American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. ALONZO T. JONES, EDITORS. CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, LEON A. SMITH, - ASSISTANT EDITOR. PROGRESS OF NATIONAL REFORM. THE Christian Statesman, of August 10, published an article upon the progress of National Reform, in which it recounts with evident satisfaction, the conquests made by the National Reform movement since its inauguration in 1863. " A little over thirty years ago," says the Statesman, "a few National Reformers went about our country lecturing on the kingship of Christ. They were met with a very cool reception." ",But," continues the Statesman, " the workers never lost heart; they contin-ued holding their local meetings and national conventions and sending out their literature." The publication of the Christian Statesman was commenced in 1867. At that time the entire daily press of the country was opposed to the movement ; and " the religious weeklies with rare exception," says the Statesman, " were also hostile, or at the best utterly indifferent. It was not simply the idea of a constitutional acknowledgment of Christ as King that was regarded as so impracticable or absurd, but the idea of the kingship itself. The thought seemed to prevail on every hand, even among the members of the evangelical churches, that the truth of Christ's kingly office was a theological doctrine with which civil government and nations had nothing to do." " But," exclaims the Statesman, " what a marvelous change is witnessed to-day! The Good Citizenship' movement of the Christian Endeavor Society is only one of many indica-tions as to the moral revolution that has taken place. Papers are springing into existence to advocate the truth that Jesus Christ is the Saviour and Governor of the nation. The Christian Statesman, once so lonely, now has plenty of company in the maintenance of this truth. And the National Reform Association is now not the only organization for the dis-semination of the principles of Christian civil government. Other societies are being organ-ized throughout our land with such avowed aims as the following, which we quote from document No. 11 of the series issued by the National Christian Citizenship League: It already has auxiliaries in various States and Territories, and exists for the following pur-poses: 1. To reveal Jesus Christ as the Saviour of the State and nation as well as of the individual. 2. To make Christian prin-ciples operative in public affairs. 3. To unite the followers of Christ in consistent, harmonious, and aggressive action for these purposes.' " This is, as the Statesman very properly says, taking up the very same work that the National Reform Association has been engag-ing in for over thirty years; and what that movement is, the Statesman then proceeds to define: It is to incorporate the fundamental principles of Christian civil government into our nation's fundamental law. In short, National Reform means a man-made theocracy. It means men ruling in the place of God; it Means an image to the papacy, for the papacy is the man of sin, sitting in the temple of  God, showing himself that he is God. And National Reform, whether called by that name or whether dubbed " Christian Citizenship," is practically the same thing; it is a new papacy, an image of the power that has its seat upon the seven hills. It is all very well enough to talk about making the law of God the fundamental rule of national life; but who is to define the law of God ? As Richard M. Johnson so tersely expressed in in 1829: " Among all the re-ligious persecutions with which almost every page of modern history is stained, no victim ever suffered but for the violation of what government denominated the law of God." Persecution is inseparable from the assump-tion to rule in the place of God. It was for this reason that our forefathers Łsought to establish in this country a purely secular government. This principle was recognized by the Pres- bytery of Hanover in Virginia; when, in 1776, it addressed to the Virginia House of Assem-bly a memorial in which occurred these words:Š It is at least impossible for the magistrate to ad-judge the right of preference among the various sects that profess the Christian faith, without erecting a claim to infallibility, which would lead us back to the church of Rome. Whoever assumes to decide a religious ques-tion for anybody else, assumes the prerogative of infallibility as truly as does the pope of Rome, and thus leads all who follow him, back to the church of Rome; and this the government must do if it shall undertake to make the law of God the fundamental law of the land. It must decide what the law of God is, and having decided what it is, it must decide what it means, as was done in the World's Fair Sunday legislation when Con-gress decided that the fourth commandment now requires the observance of Sunday. Na-tional Reform means that such questions shall not only be discussed and decided in the halls of Congress, but in our courts of justice; and it is to such a regime as this that not only the Christian Statesman and the National Reform Association, but all the auxiliaries to which the Statesman has referred, are pledged. And it is such a regime as this that the SENTINEL has opposed and will ever continue to oppose. Ł OBSOLETE SUNDAY LAWS. [The Havre de Grace (Md.) Republican, August 17.] THERE is just now a spasmodic effort, in various sections of the country, to revive and enforce the old, antiquated and obsolete Sun-day laws. As public sentiment had relegated these old, puritanic blue laws to the shades of oblivion, the attempt to enforce them at this late day, provokes resistance and conflict. The decisions of the magistrates and courts before whom cases of violation of the law are made, are varied and conflicting as to what, in their judgment, constitute works of necessity. The only way to avoid these bitter and costly judicial conflicts is to abide strictly by the Constitution of the United States. We take the ground, which we think cannot be successfully controverted, namely, that all Sunday laws violate the letter and spirit of the Constitution. The Constitution is a civil compact, and wholly secular. While guaranteeing religious freedom to all, it does not enjoin, but prohibits religious tests of any kind. Sunday observance is a religious require-ment of the varied religious sects, though they differ greatly as to the day and the manner of keeping itŠwhich non-sectarians are in no wise bound to observe. The State has no right to meddle in the matter of the religious faith of the citizen. If it did it might, with equal propriety, re-quire the observance of baptism or any creedal article of faith. This is not a Christian or religious, but a civil government of the whole people, admin-istered for the material interests of the Chris-tian, Jew and unbelieving citizen. The State has no right to supervene or meddle with the spiritual belief of the cit-izen; that should be left to the individual conscience. Such interference is, and al- ways has been, destructive of personal lib-erty. History gives voluminous and emphatic tes-timony that mixing politics and religion, the uniting of Church and State, and all attempts of civil government to regulate the spiritual affairs and beliefs of the people, have engen-dered the most bitter animosities, caused the most fiendish atrocities, and drenched old mother earth with the best blood of the race. -Ł'*. MORE PRESS COMMENTS CONCERNING RELI-GIOUS PERSECUTION IN TENNESSEE. " Modern Inquisition." [From the Evening News, Erie, Pa., July 20.] EIGHT Adventists have been put into the chain-gang in Tennessee for desecration of the sabbath. They observe Saturday with rigid piety as their day of rest, and work Sunday. It is a disgrace to any State in the nation to think that such puritanical idiocy still exists. The Constitution of the United States permits every man, woman and child to worship God according to the dictates of their own conscience. The Adventists believe that Saturday is the Sabbath, and according to their religion they are entitled to work on Sunday. They disturb nobody by it, and it has been our experience that they were in almost every instance excel-lent citizens. It is an outrage on justice that such a thing should happen. The Persecution of Mr. Allison. [From the Nashua (N. H.) Telegraph, June 15, 1895.] THE State of Georgia has a Sunday law that is calculated to make angels weep and bigots rejoice. Under its drastic provisions, one J. Q. Allison, of Douglasville, has been meanly prosecuted and unjustly sentenced to pay the sum of $22.05 or serve twelve months in the chain-gang. What was Mr. Allison's crime ? Nothing more than to have plowed up a garden spot on his own land' on a Sun-day. The work was performed quietly in a spot which could not be seen from the high-way, or the homes of his neighbors. There-fore he disturbed no one. . . . Mr. Allison is a Seventh-day Adventist, who has consci-entious scruples against working on Saturday, the Sabbath, and hence follows his regular occupation on the other days of the week, sometimes quietly performing labor on Sun-day. But while Mr. Allison religiously keeps the real Sabbath, he is prosecuted by some mean individual or official for the so-called misde-meanor of " Sabbath-breaking," which means in this case " Sunday-breaking." Mr. Allison conducted his own defense, denying nothing save that Sunday is the Sabbath and that he disturbed his neighbors in performing his work. For that matter, his neighbors who testified did not claim to have been disturbed. 