184 AMERICAN SENTINEL. A MOVEMENT is under way in New York City for the organization of a "National Federation of Churches." An executive committee has been chosen to push for-ward the work. What the special aims of the Federa-tion are we have not yet learned. Ł THE Lord's Day Alliance of Ontario has appointed the Rev. J. G. Shearer, minister of Erskine church, Ham-ilton, to the office of Field Secretary, and Mr. Shearer has signified his decision, with the consent of his pres-bytery, to accept the appointment. This, we are in-formed, "is a significant step, and it is intended to start in motion a new wave of Sabbath reform in Canada."  advertisements calculated to deceive and injure its readers, is not one whit higher in character than theŁ liar and swindler for whom it is the means of finding victims. MR. SHELDON'S farewell as a Christian journalist expressed the hope that the desecration of Sunday by the publication of newspapers will soon cease. As a publisher he avoided such desecration of Sunday by publishing the Sunday edition of the Daily Capital on Saturday afternoon. As people are usually busy on Saturday afternoon and evening, probably few found opportunity to peruse the Sunday Capital before the following morning; so that one of the main objections made to the Sunday paper may still apply to Mr. Shel-don's Sunday issue,Šit comes into competition with the preachers; and all the more so in this case, it may be, because of its being strictly a Christian paper. The New York Sun's Topeka's correspondent affirms that an entire Sunday was spent in preparing for the Shel-don editions of the paper, and remarks that why the circulation of the paper on Sunday would be any more sinful than this, is a query that has not been explained. THE Rev. Chas. M. Sheldon's idea of editing a paper on the basis of answering the question, "What Would Jesus Do?" as an editor,"is one that strikes different people in various ways, and which may be open to some criticism; but the attempt itself has much in it to be commended. It would be a great gain for society if the newspapers would print no scandal, would omit the details of crime, and would in all things aim to elevate the tastes and purposes of the public instead of seeking only to supply the public appetite without reference to Ł the character of the thing supplied. But newspapers, like other branches of business, are conducted with a view primarily to making money; and undoubtedly the Rev. Mr. Sheldon's experiment, while it has succeeded for the time as a novelty, would not permanently be attended with financial profit. There are not enough people in the land who prefer that kind of a newspaper to one of the ordinary style. The vast majority of people are not Christians in the strict sense of the word, and only truly Christian people will want a truly Chris-tian paper. ONE very commendable thing about Mr. Sheldon's Christian newspaper was its exclusion of lying and fraudulent advertisements. Every paper is responsible for the statements made in its advertisements. It puts these out to its readers as being -the truth, or at least as being true in the opinion of the publishers; and its readers have a right to view the advertisements as ac-companied by the guaranty of the paper. And any journal, and especially a religious journal, which prints IT is a well-known fact, of which mention has been made in the daily press, that the Boers are strict ob-servers of Sunday, and have refrained on that day from bombarding the cities besieged by them, and have avoided all Sunday fighting When possible, while the British, on the other hand, have conducted operations on Sunday as usual, and have disregarded the day almost entirely. The Boers, we are informed, have on occasions been much shocked at the reckless profanation of Sunday they have observed going on in the British camps, where military preparations or sports and games have been the common occupation of officers and troops on that day. Accordingly, therefore, if there is any force or truth in what we have been so often and earnestly told by Sunday agitators, that disaster and the judgments of God surely, follow the profanation of Sunday, the hand of the Lord should be against the British in the war and on the side of the Boers. But apparently it is just the other way. The British are sweeping everything before them, and the Boers are in constant retreat and asking for terms of peace. At first, before the British preparations had been com-pleted, the tide of success was with the Boers, and this might have been pointed to as an indication of the divine favor for their strict observance of Sunday; but as the British became overwhelmingly superior in the number of their men and cannon, the tide turned, just as it might naturally be expected to do. The disasters consequent upon the profanation of Sunday have not appeared, and events are putting the plain stamp of nonsense upon the idea that Sunday observance and 