AMERICAN SENTINEL. 119 Reading the statements concerning this government carefully, the chief reason why it is given a place in proph-ecy will be apparent; it will use its power in the enforc-ing of a certain "mark," thus causing the people under its control to worship another power to whom this mark belongs. Hence the mark is a prominent feature. As the enforcing of this mark involves worship, none can fail to see that whatever the mark may be, it must be something that pertains to religion. Now it must be evident that whatever government is symbolized by the two-horned beast, and whatever may be the mark it is to enforce in fulfilling this prophecy, it will set forth something which is purely religious in char-acter, and in the very nature of things much will be said concerning it as being the mark, sign, etc. Moreover, it will be something which the beast, having the deadly wound that is healed, and in the presence of which the two-horned beast works (Rev.13:1-10), claims as its mark. Of this there can possibly be no contra-diction. Now is it possible that the United States is the gov-ernment symbolized by the two-horned beast? It is a fact, as every student of the Bible knows, that all the great nations of earth, from the days of Egypt and Babylon down to our own times, have been subjects of prophecy, and it must be acknowledged that there is. apparently, no reason why there should be an exception 'in the case of the United StatesŠa nation that is, from every standpoint, equal at least to the greatest of them. Now scanning the whole field of prophecy we shall 'find that while all other nations of earth, from Egypt and Babylon down, have found a place in prophecy, the United States is excluded, unless indeed it is symbolized by the two-horned beast. Yet there is no nation in ex-istence that is making prominent a religious institution which is called a "mark," etc., and which too is claimed by the power which received the deadly wound and was healed, unless indeed it is the United States. And yet again: there is no nation that answers to the description of the two-horned beast unless indeed it is the United States. That being so we find an astonishing anomaly: that of a government foretold in prophecy which cannot be found in history; and of a nation that has no place in prophecy, yet doing the very work which this particular prophecy makes prominent, viz., of enforcing that which is called a "mark," and which is claimed by the ppwer that received the deadly wound and was healed, as its mark. But if on the other hand we find the prophet describ-ing a government, as already set forth in this article, and we find too that this is the only nation that is doing a work similar to that specified in the prophecy, the con-viction grows upon us until we become absolutely certain that the United States and the two-horned beast are one and the same power.  Palestine, the Sultan will present him with a piece of ground which is the traditional site of the Last Supper. Much as we should rejoice to know that the sacred spot was in Christian hands, when we remember how the Ger-man emperor betrayed the Christian Greeks into the hands of the Turks during the late war, such a gift seems almost a mockery.ŠChristian Endeavor World. The whole thing is a mockery. What Science Has Done for Us. New York "Staats-Zeitung" Ix days of yore, ere science had advanced to its pres-ent high state of perfection, there were drunkards among us. Fie! How awful! Worse, there were regular "boozers"! Fie! How still more awful! To-day no such persons are to be found. We have, indeed, some people among us who are suffering from dipsomania. But that sounds very different. Moreover, such "boozers" used to bepos-sessed of all sorts of nasty qualities and outward signs of their state. Such a fellow, for instance, would, in his dis-gusting state, see things double. That does not occur in our days. The most that can be said is that there are people suffering from amblyopia. But that sounds much better. On the morning after his dissipation a drunkard used to have all sorts of aches and pains. "His ears tingled," or he had "a head as big as a bass drum." "His hair hurt him," he had the "shakes," and the doctors brutally termed it "seediness." Suffering humanity does not know these things to-day. It happens occasionally that a man has an attack of tinnitus annum, that his hair is subject to paraesthesia, that his frame is slightly convulsed by chorea. Such little ailments do not exclude us from society. The disgusting fraternity of "boozers" would also "be as blue as blue can be" when they sobered up and had not the wherewithal to have another bout. Science has left us to-day only people who suffer from "nervous attacks." There were once upon a time a certain class of people called "smutty" (Schweinigel). They are dead and gone. There are, indeed, some people left who delight in telling nasty stories in decent society; but we call them eroto-maniacs. But the greatest gratitude we owe science is for its al-most complete extirpation of crime. How thankful we feel when we remember that the thieves which formerly invested our cities are gone, and that only a few sufferers from chronic kleptomania are left! Those who do not appreciate sufficiently how little harm, comparatively, is done by pyromaniacs should talk to the few old people still living who saw the day when "firebugs" were danger-ous to the community. Nor should we forget that to-day murder is solely due to hypnotism or any other old thing with a learned name. • Ł WHATEVER is religious, cannot be non-sectarian; IT is said that when the Emperor of Germany visits there is no religious body that is not a sect. 