THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 101 our posterity. Yet, suppose for a mo-ment that you are able to divest your- selves of the religious heredity acquired since your ancestors first heard Sunday preached, and you proceed upon a civil basis entirely; how far may you, as legis- lators, proceed in this special legislation, without trenching upon individual and absolute rights ? To determine that, let -us go back again to the source from -which legislative authority is derived,Šthe people. A citizen holds the right and title to his life in fee simple. Of what is a man's life composed ?ŠThree score years and ten, or more, if by reason .nf strength he may attain, to it. In other words, it is time,Šthat is the stuff of which the web of his life is woven. That time is his, possessed by him in indefeasible right. May he take, civilly, one-seventh of his neighbor's time, ten years of his life; may his neighbor take one - seventh of his life, ten. years of his time, and devote it to any purpose whatever ? If not, then have they the right to delegate to you the power to take away one-seventh of the lifetime of all the people ? For, if it be true that they have that right, and may therefore give it to you, then the repre-sentative of the Knights of Labor, who spoke at the late Sunday Convention at Washington, was on the right track, when he said, "We go farther than you, and demand two days in the week, Satur-day for play and Sunday for rest," and it may properly be made a penal offense to labor on Saturday and Sunday, and if for -two days, then for three, four, five, six, seven; and the State may properly dictate what shall be the works of necessity and mercy permissible for any and all days of the -Week. Then a man's lifetime is not his; but has been absorbed into, the being of a vampire of his own creation. If this can be so, what then becomes of the "in-, alienable rights " of " life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness," which the Dec-laration of Independence asserts ? It 'is therefore by the inexorable logic <of their position, that those who are pro-moting the passage of Sunday laws, are compelled to deny the soundness of the foundation principles of our Government, " All men are created equal," and " Gov-ornment derives its just powers from the ,consent of the governed," declaring them -to be untrue and dangerous doctrines. At a joint Convention of ' the Sabbath Union and National Reform Association, held at Sedalia, Missouri, last summer, Rev. W. D. Gray said, in open convention, I do not believe that Governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed, and so, the object of this move-ment is an effort to change that feature -of our fundamental law." The assent of the convention to these views was shown by the election of Mr. Gray to the secre-taryship of the permanent State organiza-tion. Colonel Elliott F. Shepard, Presi- dent of the American Sabbath Union, in a speech made at Chautauqua last summer, said, " Governments do not derive their just powers from the consent of the gov-erned. God is the only law-giver. His laws are made clear and plain in his word, so that all nations may know what are the laws which God ordained to be kept." These open statements show that the Sabbath Union and National Reform As-sociation are, by the utterances of their representative men, traitors at heart. They unblushingly declare their disrespect for the principles of the Declaration of Independence, as a preliminary to- the re-quest to Congress, for the passage of laws in violation of the Constitution. They are at enmity with the Declaration and Constitution, because they desire to ignore rights which the one specifies, and the other secures to the people. In this nation every individual is sub-ject to the Government, and this Govern- ment derives its authority from no foreign power. The just powers of this govern-ment then, if not from the governed, must be derived directly from God. We can un- derstand how that the people express their highest civil conceptions in voicing human law ; but if there be, no human law, and all law is the' expression of the perfection of God, what medium shall give voice to it ? Upon this point, hear Rev. W. F. Crafts, Secretary of the Sabbath Union, in the convention lately held in the city of Washington. The following is verbatim:Š Mr. Hamlin: Is it proposed that an end should be put to the running of the street cars on Sunday? Mr. Crafts: Well, whatever the law may be, I suppose the consciences of- the people, and the o ers, will carry out the law; otherwise, I suppose the citizens will form a law-and-order league, to aid in the enforcement of the law ; for, even independ-ent of police, local influence, a law-and-order league is useful in connection with the officers. .As to newspapers and street-cars, these would come either under " secular work " or " works of necessity, and mercy," and that is a matter of interpretation by the courts. . . . But the question of horse-cars and newspapers will undoubtedly be discussed by the courts, and something will either be put into the law, or decided by the courts shortly after the law is passed. See also " Notes of Hearing," before the Senate Committee (of the Fiftieth Con-gress) on Education and Labor, on the joint resolution (S. R. 86) proposing an amendment to the Constitution of tb.e United States, respecting establishments of religion and free public schools, p. 90. Senator Payne: Let me inquire whether Unita-rianism is within the principles of the Christian religion ? . . . Is not Unitarianism a direct denial of the Divinity of Christ, and the Christian Church, and is that to be prohibited, or is it to be allowed? The Chairman : The Court would have to settle that wherever the question was raised. There is, then, no controversy but what these questions raised by this line of legis-lation, must come before the courts for adjudication. If this is to be, "The Amer-ican Sabbath," and these the necessary measures for its "preservation," who will be the " American god ?"ŠJehovah ? the courts ? or the theological instructors be-hind the bench? This is not a new subject in the com- mittee-rooms of Congress. The Twentieth Congress was largely petitioned for the stoppage of Sunday mails, and it was then said that "these petitions did in fact call upon Congress to settle what was the law of God." The measure was reported upon adversely, the Senate concurring. See Register of Debates in Congress, Vol. 5, p. 43; and abridgments of Debates of Congress, Vol. 10, p. 232. The report of Mr. Johnson, of Kentucky, from the Sen-ate Committee on post-offices and post-roads, to whom these petitions had been referred, is germane to the present issue. It is submitted that the Committee of the District of Columbia would, in this in-stance, be justified in presenting a similar report on H. R. 3,854, on similar ground. As to the point that the District of Columbia already has Sunday laws in force, and enforceable, see laws of the District of Columbia, 1868, p. 137, Sec-tions 10 and 11 (re-adopted in 1874). Sec-tion 92, p. 9 of the Revised Statutes of the District of Columbia, says : " The laws of the State of Maryland, not inconsistent with this title, as the same existed on the twenty-seventh day of February, 1801, ex- cept as since modified or repealed, continue in force within the District." The author- ity so to legislate, is shown in laws of Maryland, 1791, 1. Dorsey, p. 269, chapter 45, section 2, in connection with the clause in section 8, Article 1, of the Constitution of the United States, where, in citing the powers of Congress, it says, " To exercise exclusive legislation, in all cases whatso- ever, over such District (not exceeding ten miles square) as may by cession of par- ticular States, and the acceptance of Con- gress, become the seat of government of the United States," etc. The District being thus under the juris-diction of Congress, and the Maryland law adopted the Revised Statutes of the District of Columbia (section 1049, p. 122) deter-mines what court has jurisdiction of cases coming under this law. It is there found to be the Police Court, and section 1,054 same page, provides that " The court may enforce any of its judgments or sentences, by fine or imprisonment, or both." There-fore, although the penalty affixed to the Maryland law may have become obsolete or difficult of determination, authority is lodged in the court having jurisdiction to affix its penalty by " fine or imprisonment, or both ;" and in evidence of the fact that the law survives, although the penalty may become obsolete, see United States vs. Royall, 3 Cranch, Circuit Court Re-ports, pp. 620-25. If Congress ever had the power to adopt such a law, the Maryland Sunday law of 1723 is still in force, and enforceable in the District of Columbia, and to adopt another would be simply cumulative legis-lation. But, on the other hand, if it be true that, when " legislating for the District of Columbia, Congress is bound by the 