40 A.10/11EIE1t CAN' SPINTENTIRL.4. Vol. 8. No. 5. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 2, 1893. Nora.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN Swaim. without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the Summit'. need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. READ the article on page 34, " Facts vs. Ridicule." It is brief but to the point. "Facts are stubborn things;" true the ones given in this article are not new, but a good many people seem to have forgotten them or overlooked them entirely. THE Adventist cases soon to be tried in Paris, Henry County, Tenn., will be reported for the SENTINEL by one of the editors who is on the ground for that purpose. These reports will be valuable, and every friend of religious liberty ought to have the papers containing the facts relative to. the Tennessee persecu-tion, not only for his own reading but to put into the hands of others. We can not now tell in just what numbers the re-ports will appear, nor in how many, but the papers will be furnished at the rate of one cent per copy. BOTH houses of the Illinois legislature recently passed a resolution asking Con-gress to repeal the Sunday-closing proviso in the World's Fair bill, whereupon the ministers of Springfield called a mass-meeting of the people of that city to pro-test against the action of the legislature. The meeting was extensively advertised, but only about two hundred persons were present, nevertheless, the resolutions set forth that " we, the citizens of Spring-field, assembled in mass-meeting do most respectfully yet earnestly protest," etc. IN its issue of the 15th inst., the Chris-tian Patriot has the following, under the heading, " Sunday laws " :Š The question suggested above, the connection of divine and human legislation, is a very live one. . For the Seventh-day Adventists, who are quite numerous, maintain an association and a press to urge the repeal of our Sunday laws, the law for-bidding worldly work on the Christian Sabbath, because (as they say) they are religious legislation and opposed to the genius of our American insti-tutions and to the word of God. They are alone in this contention. The Seventh-day Baptista and the Jews do not join in their agitation. But what they lack in numbers they make up in zeal. The Adventists not only say that Sun-day laws are religious legislation, but they prove it by the most indubitable ev-idence. Nor are they alone in their oppo-sition to a State-bolstered religious dogma. While a considerable number of Seventh-day Baptists seem to take but little in-terest in the question, caring nothing for the wrongs of others so long as they are themselves protected by a clause exempting  them, others in that communion are alive to the issue and are one with the Advent-ists in protesting against all Sunday leg-islation, as wrong in principle and mis-chievous in practice. The Sabbath Outlook, a Seventh-day Baptist monthly, published at Alfred Cen-ter, this State, is very outspoken in its opposition to Sunday legislation. We have often quoted from it in the SENTI-NEL. But this is not a question of num-bers but of rights. Sunday laws would be no better than they now are if there was but one person in all the world to protest against them. It would still be true that they are wrong in principle. Ł AT Coin, Iowa, September 20, 1892, Rev. W. F. Crafts made the statement that "by writing letters twenty ministers in Kentucky made the congressmen from that State believe that the whole State was in favor of the Sunday closing of the World's Fair." Is not this plan being worked now on a much larger scale ? And are not comparatively few people, under the leadership of the Sunday preachers, making congressmen think that the whole United States is in favor of Sunday closing ? THE Mail and Express says that " the World's Fair Directors are committed to Sunday closing. By every consideration of honor and good faith they are bound to respect and observe the specific condition of the congressional contribution of 5,-000,000 of Columbian half dollars to pro-vide for the expenses of the celebration. The condition was that the Fair should be closed on Sunday. They accepted the congressional grant under these con-ditions, and by consequence they are bound by both moral and legal obligations to either surrender the grant or to ac-knowledge and enforce the condition." Why committed to Sunday closing ? If Congress had power to close the Fair has it not also power to open it ? If it had power to impose the Sunday-closing con-dition has it not at least an equal right to release the directors from that condition? Or is it only the Sunday advocates who have a right to ask anything of Congress ? THE Churchman should now be " read out of church " by the American Sabbath Union, so-called, for it has endorsed Bishop Potter's declaration in favor of the Sunday opening of the World's Fair. The Churchman says:Š The contribution of the bishop of New York to the discussion in the Forum (October) on " The Opening of the Chicage Fair on Sundays " seemed to us so reasonable, becoming, and, withal, intel-ligible that we gave in our adhesion to its positions without any wavering or doubtfulness. Of like questions in England, the Church-man says :Š Exactly similar questions, as to Sunday opening of museums, pleasure grounds, art galleries, and the like have been threshed out in England, de-cided affirmatively, tried experimentally, and  accepted so finally that nothing but a moral revo-lution can reverse the decision. Bishops and clergy and laymen and nonconformists, in over-whelming majority, support and applaud the result. In this connection the following news item from the New York World, of the 11th inst., is interesting :Š The managers of the Dore Gallery have now given four Sunday exhibitions, which have been great successes, but notwithstanding this they an-nounce January 15 as the last Sunday the gallery will be open. . . . They only opened for a few Sundays at the earnest solicitation of several well-known clergymen whose schools wished to attend. If it is all right to open a few Sundays to accommodate certain clergymen, would it be wrong to open every Sunday to ac-commodate the public ? or must one be-long to a church in order to be entitled to devote Sunday to sight-seeing ? CONCERNING the effort now making to repeal the religious legislation pertaining to the World's Columbian Exposition, the Christian Advocate, of this city, says :Š We believe the American Sabbath to be in great peril, and the crisis at hand. Hence we write at length, in the hope that every lover of God and his country whom we may reach, will be roused to do his utmost to save the day from being dishonored in the face of the world by our Government. This reveals clearly the real purpose of Sunday closing; it is to exalt the day. "Every lover of God" is exhorted to rally to the support of a day of which God says nothing, except to tell us in his word that he worked upon it and to, inferentially at least, command us to work upon it also. " Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work" includes the first day. Is it not blasphemy to thus thrust in the face of the Almighty a day which he has never claimed, and to devote to secular uses the day which he sanctified and blessed and commanded to be kept holy ? " THERE is method," says the Independ-ent, " in the madness of the Russian Bal-tic provinces in their persecution of Prot-estantism. The latest step taken is the appointment of a commission who have made up lists of books which can be read by the youth of the provinces. It has been decided that all books in the school libraries not on these lists are to be re-moved at once. As the commission con-sists of members of the orthodox church, they naturally condemn all books that can be considered dangerous to the interests of that church." And why not ? if the empire is Christian it follows that the gov-ernment must guard its subjects against any taint of heresy. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per year, - - 90c. 4, 25 to 99 ,‚ 64 64 46 ' - - - 80CŁ it 100 toi249 " " " " it - - 75c. 44 250 to 499 " " " " " - - - 70c. 6t 500 to 999 " " " " - - 65c. 1000 or more " " " To foreign countries in Postal Union, Š 5 shillings. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 