136 AMERICAN-  SENTINEL_ estants prepare the soil, and sow the seed; Catholics watch its growth, and secure the harvest. That this must be so; that the whole effort now being made in thiS country to recognize Christianity as the religion of the nation will be used by the Roman Catholic Church for her own advantage and aggrandizement, the article in the Statesman is an unwilling but very significant confession. Ł Investigating the Trusts. THE Court of Inquiry which State Senator Lexow has been conducting against some of the Trusts doing busi-ness in New York City, discloses the desperate and doubt-ful nature of the contest which the people have begun for a curtailment of these baneful institutions. From the result of this attempt, it would seem that little if any-thing is to be expected from the State in this direction. The Trusts simply bade defiance to the State, and the State could not force them to do otherwise. Their rep-resentatives declined to produce the books which the State desired to inspect, and did not hesitate to " disre-member such facts and figures as the Trusts had de-termined to keep from public view. In connection with this it is interesting to note that a recent decision of the Federal District Court has pro-nounced the Texas Anti-Trust law to be unconstitutional. This was a measure which prohibited all combinations to raise or lower prices, except of agricultural products and labor. The decisionŠwhich was rendered by Judge SwayneŠvery properly points out that such a measure denies the constitutional guaranty of the equal rights of citizens before the law, forbidding to twenty per cent. of the population what it allows to eighty per cent. Thus it falls under condemnation as class legislation. And it is difficult to see how a law against Trusts could be framed which would not be liable to condemnation in the courts upon.similar grounds. When the victims of the Trusts become convinced that no relief is to be hoped for through the regular methods of governmental proceedure, they will have recourse to methods of their own which are now contem-plated in the theory of republican government. Only as men become more willing to deal with their fellows by the principle of the Golden Rule, will there be any sub-stantial relief from the evils which threaten the disruption of the Government. Ł I,  AI- 4 4 THE question whether public money shall be appro-priated by Congress for sectarian schools is again before the National Legislature. The simple truth concerning this is that no public money can be rightfully taken for a sectarian use, and that when the people's money is thus misapplied in one case, it does not mend the matter to repeat the act in a number of other cases. No extension of wrong can ever make wrong right. "Christian Endeavor" and the "New England Sabbath." THE "Christian Endeavor" and " Epworth League',  forces of Worcester, Mass., have arisen to the rescue of the " New England Sabbath." Not by the power of the divine Word, however, do they propose to accomplish this object; not by lifting up Jesus Christ, as all true Christian endeavor is supposed to do; but by the power of the police force of the city of Worcester. They have drawn up and forwarded to the chief of police of that city, the following petition :Š " To James M. Drennan, Chief of Police of the city of Wor-cester, MassachusettsŠ "The undersigned individuals, members of the good citizenship committee of the Worcester local union of Christian Endeavor, having a membership of 2,500 mem-bers, hereby respectfully and earnestly represent to. you : First, that the laws of this State (chap. 434, sec. 2, Acts of 1895, `An Act to regulate the observance of the Lord's Day '), are in common repute so notoriously and habit-ually violated in our city by shopkeepers, druggists, newsdealers, tobacconists, and others as to convince us that this lawlessness, if allowed to continue, will imperil the morals of the youth, and also the moral standard of our city; and, second, therefore, we respectfully appeal for the enforcement of this law, and also to . use your power as the chief executive of this department of the Worcester city government, by proclamation or other-wise, through the officers under your direction, to secure to us and our imperiled city, the protection to which these neglected laws entitle us as citizens of this city. " (Signed) Ł JOSEPH WILLIAM ALLEN, WILLIAM E. OAKLEY, HIRA M G. GEA RY." "The above petition was indorsed by a unanimous vote of the Worcester local union of Christian Endeavor and the Worcester Epworth league circuit, representing a total membership of 3.500 members, at a union meet-ing held in Park Congregational Church, on Monday evening, Feb. 8, 1897. " (Attest) GEORGE E. COPELAND, Pres. Worcester local union of ' C. E.' "BURTON C. PRIEST, "Pres. Worcester circuit of Epworth leagues." The section of the State Sunday law to which the petition refers, is as follows :Š "SECTION 2. Whoever on the Lord's day keeps open his shop, warehouse or workhouse, or does any manner of labor, business, or work, except works of necessity and charity, or takes part in any sport, game or play, or public diversion, except a concert of sacred music, or an entertainment given by a religious or charitable society, the proceeds of which, if any, are to be devoted exclii-sively to a charitable or religious purpose, shall be pun-ished by fine not exceeding $50 for each offense; and the proprietor, manager or person in charge of such game, sport, play or public diversion, other than such concert of sacred music, or an entertainment given by a religious or charitable society, the proceeds of which, if any, are 