368 VOL. 10, No. 46. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 21, 1895.' gar ANY One receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL Without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. THE Independent says: "Efforts are being made to bring about a union between the Pro-hibition, Populistic and Socialist parties in a single National Reform party." IT is stated that " two colored men, both Protestants, one an alumnus of Oberlin, and the other of Amherst, have entered as stu-dents in the Catholic University at Wash-ington." THE friends of religious liberty everywhere will hold in high esteem Ex-Congressman H. C. Snodgrass, of Sparta, Tenn., and Ex-Judge Lewis Shepherd, of Chattanooga, for their able and unselfish defense of the persecuted Adventists of Rhea County, that State. THE papers of Dayton, Tenn., especially the Republican and the Leader, are entitled to great credit for the decided stand they took from the very first against the persecution of the Adventists in that community. All honor to them for their outspoken advocacy of hu-man rights. THE persecution of Seventh-day Adventists, under color of the unjust Factory Act, still continues in London, Eng. November 1, the publishers of Present Truth, were, for the third time, summoned before the Police Court for Sunday work done by certain of their em-ploy6s. They were fined forty-two pounds ($201) and the costs will be about ten pounds ad-ditional. The manager of the office writes us: " We do not see how we can avoid being closed up in our manufacturing department by the seizure as they will be sure to remove more than one hundred pounds' worth of goods to satisfy the fine, and our small plant will be crippled by such a loss." THE Sunday-law contest has been going on in this city for almost a year past and the end is not yet. At first this contest was ostensibly a fight against the Sunday saloon, but it has been all the while in reality a determined and persist-ent effort to advance the interests of the so-called " Christian sabbath." It is true that the saloons are more gener-ally closed on Sunday than formerly, but the enforcement of the "law" has not stopped there. Numerous arrests have been made for the most trivial causes. Police spies have repeatedly, by lying to them, induced small dealers to violate the " law " by selling some small article such as a paper of pins, a pair of stockings, three cents' worth of stationery, a clean collar, or something of that nature, and have then arrested them. Only a few days since an itinerant flower vender was arrested  in Harlem, this city; for selling a bunch of violets on Sunday, and the regular florists have been notified that they will be arrested if they either sell or deliver flowers on Sunday hereafter. As before remarked, the leaders in this movement profess that their object is simply to enforce the " law " and to close the saloons on Sunday. But one of thf leading clergy-men of this city announced from his pulpit a few weeks hence, that the real object was to secure the observance of the " Christian sab-bath ; " so that the issue is no longer an ob-scure one, and every man, woman and child has opportunity to act intelligently in the matter. The question is, Shall the power of the State continue to be used to enforce a re-ligious dogma? OF the acquittal of the indicted Seventh-day Adventists at Dayton, Tenn., on the 5th -inst., the Chattanooga Times says: " This ends, for the time being at least, one of the most celebrated struggles for religious liberty ever waged on American ,soil. It has been a valuable object lesson to the people of Rhea County. The scenes and incidents attending the trial of these people, their submission to what has seemed the harsh and arbitrary op-erations of the law, the speeches made, the literature producedŠall of these things have tended to throw light upon the dark places, and a perceptible spirit of liberality and tol-erance for other people's rights is now seen and felt." ILLINOIS SUNDAY LAW UNCONSTITUTIONAL. [Special Dispatch to the American Sentinel.] CHICAGO, Nov. 17.ŠThe case of Manager Eden, of the Great Northern Hotel, who was arrested here some weeks ago and fined for the violation of the Cody Sunday Law, passed at the last session of the legislature, came up for final hearing in the Circuit Court yesterday. The closing remarks were made by the coun-sel on each side, and the venerable judge then gave his decision upon the law, pronouncing the statute unconstitutional and void. He held that the pretended law was a flagrant violation of the plain provisions of the consti-tution of this State which declares positively that " in all cases when a general law can be made applicable, no special law can be en-acted." The Judge held that the purpose of law is to enforce justice, not to be used as an instrument of persecution and damage to the private business of any citizen. Special and inequitable legislation is entirely without the delegated powers of the law-making body. The decision is eminently satisfactory to the friends of personal liberty and is a stinging defeat for the Sunday advocates who have been arresting the barbers by the score almost every week, for a long time past. These ar-rested men, by the advice of Attorney Blakely, have refused to pay either fines or costs, on the ground that they violated no law; and  now this decision will prevent the Sunday- closers from collecting the money. They will have to pay it over themselves, or the justices go without their pay. The latter is the most probable course, however, as it is understood that some of the justices were in league with the association on a division of profits. Their great respect for this particular "law " was augmented by an expected har-vest. But the decision has thrown them into confusion, and they will be under the neces-sity hereafter of sympathizing with each other in the "mass " meetings, one of which the Sunday-closers have called for this afternoon. An appeal to the Supreme Court was at once taken by the Barbers' Sunday-closing Association. The Chicago barbers are greatly at variance on the subject of Sunday-closing, a majority of the owners of shops being against the " law," while the men who do the actual work are equally divided over the matter. Pending the appeal the prosecutions are to be stopped and the State of Illinois and the city of Chicago are again without a Sunday "law" of auy value to the Puritanical Sunday closers. Judge Gibbons, who presided, held court in one of the largest court rooms in the city, and still there was too little room. At every Sun-day-law hearing there is an immense audience which evidently shows the interest that the public takes in this decision. In Chicago, at least, Sundayism is the great question of the hour. It has occupied more space in the Chicago Record the past few weeks than any other question. The interest in the agitation is difficult of explanation on any other hy-pothesis than that the Sunday controversy is the coming great political question of the times. A TENNESSEE paper, the Jewish Spectator, of Memphis, in its issue of the 8th inst., notes the victory gained for religious liberty in Rhea County, that State, and says:Š We congratulate the AMERICAN SENTINEL and all secular and religious papers, who championed the cause of those conscientious Sabbatarians. We believe firmly that the influence of the press contributed much to this victory of right over wrong, of justice over bigotry, because but a few months ago several Advents were sent to prison for the same offense by a verdict of the same court. The press has indeed done good service in the struggle of the Tennessee Adventist's for equal rights, but those Tennessee papers that have spoken out fearlessly for liberty are enti-tled to even greater credit than their contem-poraries of other States. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, Š Š Š $1.00, In clubs of 5 and under 25 copies to one address, 1 year - 75c " 25 and under 50 " " " 1 " - 60c 50 and under 100 " .. 6, 1 44 55c " 100 or more 1 " 50e °foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 1 " - 5s Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street. New York City 