  562 AMERICAN SENTINEL.       fidently counted on to help them in missionary work, is stretched out as a bar across their path. Imperialism is not a friend to the gospel. It was only to be expected that Rome would bring determined opposition to bear against the opening up of the Philippines to Protestant missionary work. Rome had long ruled the islands through Spain; she would continue to rule them through the United States if that were possible, and Rome believed it was possible. She has bestirred herself to make her hold on the islands secure under American rule; and from facts now appar-ent it is evident she has good reason to be pleased with the prospect. 1. Where American rule has been established in the islands, the Government recognizes not only the regular American holidays, but twenty "holydays" of the Cath-olic Church. 2. When the first Protestant missionary landed in Panay, he was promptly ordered out by the American officer in command at Iloilo, in the interests of peace. 8. The Government recognizes the Catholic Church in allowing claims presented by the church for "holy water," wine, and wafers, and in paying rent to that church for the use of two monasteries for hospitals, al-though these buildings were formerly the property of the Spanish government. 4. The Government has concluded a treaty with the sultan of Sulu, by the terms of which "home rule" is to be maintained in his Mohammedan territory. Moham-medan rule is of course hostile to any other than the Mohammedan religion. 5. President Schurman, of the Phillippine Commis-sion, has made his report on the situation, and in effect tells the Protestants to let the Catholics in the Philip_ pines alone. "There may be," he says, "a small field for Protestant activity in the islands, but I am inclined to think the Roman Catholics will continue to have the ad-vantage." (Italics ours.) And how comes it that Rome has been so successful in getting into ,this position of advantage over the Protestants? A statement which leaves little need of further explanation in the matter, and which Catholic papers affirm, is that "Archbishop Ireland quietly saw the President" about it; and between them arrange-ments were made under which the Catholic Church was given all the advantage for maintaining her supremacy in the Philippines unimpaired. The Protestants are, naturally, much disappointed and chagrined over the situation; feelings which Prot-estant journals have expressed in forcible terms. The N. Y. Evening Post, for example, says:Š _ "It thus appears that Mohammedanism and Roman ism are to have free course and be glorified in the Phil ippines, with the sanction of our Methodist President, while the Protestant missionary societies are to be prac-tically warned off the preserves. It is Dr. Burchard's 'Rum, RomaŁnism, and Rebellion' over again, with the addition of polygamous and slave-holding Mohamme-danism flying the American flag." Further the Post says that the Protestant mission-ariesŠ "have good reason to think they have been badly bun-coed by Mr. McKinley. He has effusively joined them in pious thanks to Providence for having taken us to the Philippines, has shrewdly availed himself of the great political aid they have rendered him, and now is leaving them in the lurch. It is enormous shipments of beer which have so far been the chief result of his policy, and exports of the Bible to the Philippines are distinctly dis-couraged. The missionaries have our sympathy. They thought this Philippine enterprise was to be a grand re-ligious affair, with themselves in charge; and now they find the whole thing a business scheme, with religion shoved one side, and plans ripening every day to shut out the missionaries and let the brewers and distillers in. Providence may in time make the wrath of man praise Him in the Philippines; but, so far certainly, the wrath of man is getting an awful start." The Springfield Republican notes how the tables have been turned on "those who helped to drive this Republic into imperialismŠwith vassal States, like the slave-holding sultanate of SuluŠin order that Protest-antism might be extended and enhanced in prestige," and proceeds with a telling statement of facts:Š "Archbishop Ireland quietly saw the President, and it happens that the treaty with Spain guarantees that the monastic orders in the Philippines shall be forever protected in their lands and establishments. Under Spain these orders might have been expelled. Indeed, the Spanish governor-general, in his agreement with Aguinaldo in December, 1897, conceded the expulsion of the monastic orders. The result is that the monastic orders, which are essentially missionary organizations, are better off than ever in the Spanish regime, while the Roman Catholic Church remains absolute master of the spiritual field in the archipelago, outside the Moslem Islands. Even Dr. Schurman comes home and says the Protestants 'may' find there a 'small' opportunity. He is doubtful of that even. "It is one of the ironies of the situation that the Protestant zealots in imperialism should have accom-plished nothing for their own kind of Christianity, and, at the same time, have strengthened Roman Catholicism not only in the Philippines, but in America. For it can hardly be denied that the Roman Church must gain in importance here at home when that church possesses at the outset a spiritual dominion well nigh absolute in all the territories wrested from Spain. The American branch of the Roman Church is as vigorous as any part of the world's ecclesiastical organization, and it will notŁ  miss its great opportunity. The Philippines, it is safe to predict, will stay Catholic, if for no other reason than that the ceremonial of the Church of Rome appeals strongly to the emotional, aesthetic, and sensuous na-tures of the tropical Filipinos." The Protestants have again been beaten on Rome's ground. And just as long as they venture on Rome's ground, they will be beaten. Just as long as they try to advance Protestantism by Rome's principles and 