226 AMERICAN SENTINEL. United States the Secretary of State is not in any sense the representative of the country, nor of the party even to which he belongs. As "the representative of the country or of a party," the Premier has "a representative will." But the Secre-tary of State of the United States has no representative will. These ideas comport only with the political methods of a constitutional monarchy as in England. And when used by anyone in speaking of English politics, all these terms are strictly proper, for they mean something. But when an attempt is made to use these terms with refer-ence to American politics, with reference to the govern-mental system of the United States, such terms are abso-lutely meaningless; unless he who uses them entertains the monarchical idea to such an extent that he would have this Government transformed to the extent that the terms should mean here just what their proper polit-ical meaning is. And, in the late administration, wasn't the country given a taste of this view of American premiership ? Didn't the Secretary of State of the late administration entertain just this idea of his position? Didn't he con-sider himself "the representative of the country," having "a representative will" of his own ; and didn't he, in be-half of his "monarch," serve notice upon the legislative branch of the Government of the United States that their will, even if expressed in law, would be disregarded unless it conformed to his will? And if this idea could have been carried out to its logical extent, and there had come a crisis between the legislative will and this "Premier" will, what could have been done but to "dissolve the Parlia-ment" and appeal to the country for a decision as to whether this "Premier" was really "the representative of the country" or not. But every one will say, No such thing as that could ever be. True enough ; and therefore it is perfectly plain that in American institutions there is no place fora Pre-mier, and in the bright lexicon of American ideas there is no such word as "Premier." If the House of Representatives in Congress is "the Commons," then what is the Senate? This correspond-ent has not yet expressed that in words, as also he has not yet expressed in words the rank of him who occupies "the throne." But if the House of Representatives is "the Commons," there is no escaping the implication that the Senate is "the Lords ;" for where there are Com-mons, in the nature of things there must be Lords; just as in the nature of things where there is a throne there must be a monarch, and where there is a Prime Minister there must be other Ministers, and where there is a Pre-mier he is "the representative of the country." It will no doubt be said by many that this corres-pondent did not mean all this in the terms that he used. Well, if he does not mean what the terms mean which he uses, why, then, does he use the terms? Will any say that terms which are freighted with meaning, are used by an intelligent writer in a way that is meaningless? If,  with this writer, those terms have not- the meaning that belongs to them, then why does he use the terms at all. In expressing himself with reference to American institu-tions, why does he use terms that are absolutely mean-ingless, upon any other hypothesis than that they reveal the presence of the monarchical ideas which the terms convey? It is perfectly safe to say that both the present-Pres-ident and Secretary of State are men of too much sense, and understand American principles too well, to be pleased with the application to themselves of any of these terms. But this is -no surety at all that all the men who. may ever be called to occupy those positions will be men, of such good sense. Let these terms, used too frequently already, become a little more frequent, and it will not be long until men occupying those positions will respond to the ideas thus expressed. Indeed, as already stated, the country has had an inkling of this, and only very lately, Men cannot make themselves monarchs unless there are persons who want a monarch. There never would have been a Pope if there had not been people who wanted a Pope. Let the people of the United States, who alone are the government, and the rulers, of the United States, see to it that all monarchical terms and ideas shall be resented and kept absolutely under the ban. This the People of the United States owe to themselves, and, to all mankind, in order that as long as possible "government of the people, by the people, and for the people shall not perish from the earth." A Right of the People, Too, THE Supreme Court of the United States, by a via. jority of one, lately rendered a decision which destroys, the pooling of issues amongst railroads "in restraint of trade." The case that was thus decided came up from the West. At the same time there was *on the docket of the Supreme Court a case from the East, in which the. same principle is involved. Now it is determined to ,push this second case with the "hope that some one of the justices may change his view when the Joint Traffic case is heard." So then the lawyers employed upon this Eastern case. are to enter upon a course of argument and persuasigni  to get some one of the five justices, who made the other. decision, to change his mind; and thus kill that decision and carry the Court the other way. We have not yet seen any statement from any source that this procedure is in any wise revolutionary or anarchistic. About two years ago, the Supreme Court, by a ma;  jority of one, rendered a decision on the question of an income tax. One of the political parties in the campaign last year proposed to have one or more of the justices of the Court change his mind upon that; and proposed to present arguments and persuasions that would in some 