THE AMERICAN SE.NMINEL. 179 on religion ? The religion that would not rather pay an imposed tax than go begging and demanding aid of the world, the flesh, and the devil, to pay it, ought to be hooted out of the world. A church may become the object of the deserved scorn of the world by the unworthy methods of financial support it resorts to. Yet further, the moral benefit argument has no force in support of the theory of exemptions. Churches ought to be free from taxation, we are told, because of the healthful moral influence they are exert-ing in the community. They are claimed to be a great moral police force. The un-speakable blessing of the true religion of Christ in a community can not be dis-puted. But what on earth is a true Church of Christ in a community for if it is not to make that community better ? But whether every institution that calls itself a church is a blessing to the commu-nity is very decidedly open to dispute. If then the basis of exemption be the ben-efit to the community, who is to decide whether it is a benefit or not ? What is, and who is, to fix the standard by which its value to the community is determined? It will be necessary to have a moral ap-praising commission appointed by the State. But let us inquire into the principle of this theory. The State ought to pay the Church something for the benefit the Church is doing the State. Where will this principle lead us ? Is its value to the _State fully compensated by its exemption from taxation ? If not, then in accord with the recognized principle, is not the Church in a position to press its demands for a cash payment of the balance ? In our judgment, at least, full compensation to a genuine Christian Church would be no less than its entire support by the State. Adopting the principle there is no logical halting-place short of this, and accepting the support of the State, we must logically accept the authority of the State over the Church. It is practically the argument by which the State church has always been defended. In its mission to benefit the world, is the Church authorized to seek financial compensation ? Is the Church honoring either herself or her Master in allowing herself to be placed in the position of a huckster of good to the public at the rate of so much on a dollar's worth of her property ? Did the Master say, " Go ye into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature," if the State will com-pensate you for the good you do the com-munity, by compelling the community to pay the taxes on your church property ? Did he say, " It's too much to expect you to build sky-piercing steeples so necessary to point souls to heaven, to put in your.  meeting-house single windows that cost $50,000, so essential to the holy enjoyment of ' dim religious light,' to hang magnifi-cent bronze doors that cost $100,000, to keep out the miserable uncultured sinners who do not know how to appreciate your high and lofty religion,Šand pay your taxes also,Šif the State will wring the taxes on this property out of the taxpayers and thus compensate you in some small measure for the good you are doing, ' go ye into all the world and preach the gos-pel to every creature' ? " If we are not in the world to do the world good without compensation wrung from taxpayers, I frankly confess I do not understand the gospel commission. " The gift of God " is not to be " purchased with money," nor sold for money. But the Church to-day, Gehazi-like, is saying, " My Master has spared this Syrian" (taxpayer) in taking nothing at his hands for the benefit done him, " but as the Lord liveth, I will run after him and take somewhat of him." Did Christ accept exemption in any measure when paying the awful price by . which the world enjoys the unspeakable blessing of Christianity ? When the world offered its opiate to exempt him from the full measure of suffering he declined the exemption. We try to make it as easy as we can for ourselves, and that in the mat-ter under consideration at the cost of prin-ciple, forgetting that the Master has said, " If any man will be my disciple, let him deny himself, and take up his cross, and follow me."ŠRev. A. P. Mc Diarmid, be-fore the New York Baptist Ministers' Conference. Injustice to the Jew. ALMOST every mail brings to us news of repeated injustice to the Jews of Russia, with now and then an item concerning similar treatment elsewhere. On account of their religious views they have been persecuted by almost every civilized gov-ernment on the face of the globe. It has only been recently that even the liberty-loving Anglo-Saxons have removed dis-abilities and burdens which former gen-erations had imposed upon this unfortu-nate people. But while this persecution is now going on in other countries, a sympathetic press in America is protest-ing against inflicting such ill-treatment upon a people simply because they have a different belief from the dominant cult, and persistence enough to stick to it. It is gratifying, indeed, to see such journals, as the Mail and Express and Voice, of this city, and other papers that are clamoring for religious legislation in this country, deploring the effects of re-ligious legislation in other countries. It will materially aid their readers in seeing the actual consequences of their desired legislation. The following from the pen of Cardinal Gibbons, published in the Jewish Ex-ponent, on December 19, 1890, and re-printed in the Boston Pilot, December 27, 1890, expresses the sympathy which many at this time claim for the Jewish people :Š Every friend of humanity must deplore the sys-tematic persecution of the Jews in Russia. For my part, I can not well conceive how Christians can entertain other than kind sentiments toward the Hebrew race, when I consider how much we are indebted to them. We have from them the inspired volume of the Old Testament, which has been the consolation in all ages to devout souls, Christ, our Lord, the Founder of our religion, his blessed mother, as well as the apostles, were all Jews according to the flesh. These facts attach me strongly to the Jewish race. I am, yours very sincerely, JAMES, CARDINAL GIBBONS. In an interview with a representative of the Exponent the Cardinal said further :Š Long experience has shown that no race or people can be exterminated by persecution ; and systematic grinding down, called persecution, as practiced by some nations, has often reacted upon themselves. As opposed to this unfair treatment, the United States furnishes the world with the most beautiful example of religious toleration, by giving the amplest liberty to all, without inter-fering with any creed. If any individuals of the Hebrew race commit an offense against society or morality in Russia, they should be dealt with ac-cording to the law of the country, and the code of laws of all civilized governments ought to be sufficient to protect their people without such drastic remedies as the exterminating process. The Jews generally have acquired the reputation of being good husbands and devoted fathers, faith-ful to their domestic duties; and so the charges against their morality can not be true. . . . I express the ardent hope that all nations, through their governments, will become more and more tolerant in matters of religion, just as we are in this country ; that they will take these United States as their guide, where all men standing equal in the sight of God, are equal before the law. They must remember it is not by coercion that men are converted, but by an appeal to their consciences. Such liberal principles are commendable. But we have the inconsistent Sunday-law advocates hereŠof whom Cardinal Gibbons is one in a mild wayŠwho deplore the hardships of the Jews in Russia, but work day and night to have laws passed in this country by which the poor Hebrew fleeing from persecution in that intolerant country may be thrown into jail here on account of religion as soon as he arrives. The Russians are an intolerant people; virtu-ally say the Sunday-law advocates, for persecuting the Jews just because they do not conform to the religious views of the Russian people. But after these same Jews have come over to America they change their tone, and practically say : " If those unregenerate Jews do not keep Sunday and stop undermining 'our Chris-tian institutions, they will have to take the consequences, that's all " : -and off to jail the Sabbatarian is marched for violat-ing our Sunday laws. Thus are these unfortunate people punished for their religion, even in America. Judge Cooley notices this point in Constitutional Lim- itations :Š But the Jew [and. it is equally true of all Sab-batarians] who is forced to respect the first day of the week, when his conscience requires of him the observance of the seventh also, may plausibly urge that the law discriminates against his religion, and by forcing him to keep a second Sabbath in each week, unjustly, though by indirection, punishes him for his beliefŠConstitutional Limitations, page 476. 