306 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. selves into an independent and hereditary assembly, or we must say that they have no authority to enact into a law the bill under consideration. " We say that the General Assembly of this Commonwealth have no such author-ity. And in order that no effort may be omitted on our part against so dangerous an usurpation, we oppose to it this remon-strance." ŠOŠ WE would write it as Roger Williams wrote itŠ" Magistrates are but the agents of the people or its trustees, on whom no spiritual power in matters of worship can ever be conferred, since conscience be-longs to the individual and is not the property of the body politic. The power of the civil magistrate extends to the bodies and goods and outward estate of men." ŠOŠ WE would write it as Martin Luther wrote it for Protestantism, in the memor-able Augsburg ConfessionŠ" The civil administration is occupied about other matters than is the gospel. The magis-tracy does, not defend the souls, but the bodies, and bodily things, against mani-fest injuries; and coerces men by the sword and corporal punishments, that it may uphold civil justice and peace. Wherefore the ecclesiastical and the civil powers are not to be confounded. The ecclesiastical power has its own command, to preach the gospel and to administer the sacraments. Let it not by force enter into the office of another; let it not transfer worldly kingdoms. . . . Let it not pre-scribe laws to the magistrate touching the form of the State; as Christ says : My kingdom is not of this world.' Again, ' Who made me a judge or a divider over you;' and Paul says: `Our conversation [citizenship] is in heaven.' The weapons of our warfare are not carnal, but mighty through God, to the pulling down of strongholds, casting down imaginations.' In this way ours distinguish between the duties of each power, the one from the other." ŠOŠ WE would write it as Jesus Christ com-mands it to be writtenŠ" If any man hear my words and believe not, I judge him not; for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world." " Render therefore unto Caesar the things that are Caesar's; and to God the things that are God's." 'Š THUS would we " write it." And thus would any man write it who cared for principle rather than policy. But al-though it might thus be written, so easily, so truly, and so forcibly, yet it stands as a literal fact that not a man in the Fifty-second Congress, either in the Senate or in the House dared to accept the chal-lenge, and so to write it. Those who op-posed it, did so in such an apologetic way, and so compromised the principle at stake, that their opposition seemed hardly more than a pretense. So that it stands liter-ally true that the Fifty-second Congress did sell itself and the Government of the United States, both bodily, into the un-holy hands of the threatening, boycotting, and unprincipled churches of the United States. And is it any wonder that they boast that they hold the Senate of the United States in their hands ? -0- BUT let everybody know that to oppose  it, to reject it, to utterly refuse to sub-mit to it or respect it, is sound American principle ; is sound American constitu-tional principle; is sound Protestant prin-ciple; and is sound Christian principle. The evil thing is anti-American, anti-Protestant, and anti-Christian. Opposi-tion to it in any and all its forms, is Chris-tianity. And he who has most of the spirit and love of Christianity will be the most uncompromisingly opposed to it. A. T. J. What Constitutes a Union of Church and State? BOTH the Republican party, in its plat-form adopted at Minneapolis, and Ben-jamin Harrison, in his letter of accept-ance, have declared in favor of complete separation of Church and State in this country. But inasmuch as a Republican Senate has, since the adoption of the party platform, enacted religious legisla-tion, and inasmuch as Mr. Harrison promptly gave his assent to the measure, it becomes an interesting question what these men understand by a union of Church and State. In discussing this question some two years since, Rev. W. J. Coleman, a prom-inent National Reformer, said :Š The State means the Nation, or whole body of people. . . . The word " church " may mean : (1) A building where worshipers meet; (2) those who gather in such building, or a congregation; (3) a body of believers acknowledging the same ec-clesiastical authority, or denomination ; (4) the col-lective body of believers in the world. These acknowledge no central authority, and are not com-bined in any human 'organization; (5) the aggre-gate of religious principles and ideas in a commu-nity. The union of the State with the Church, taken in the first, second, or fourth. sense, would be impos-sible. . . . When, however, we turn to the third and fifth meanings, we reach the heart of the whole difficulty. Mr. Coleman then argues that the adop-tion by a government of the "aggregate of religious principles and ideas " would not be a union of Church and State, and concludes that the term can be applied properly only to a union in the third sense, namely, by uniting the State with " a body of believers acknowledging the same ecclesiastical authority or denomina-tion." And that this is the meaning usu-ally attached to the term there can be no doubt, but that it is correct does not fol-low. In fact it is easy to show that the State can be united to the Church in either the fourth or fifth sense. The " collective body of believers in the world," the Church in its broadest sense, does not, it is true, recognize any human ecclesiastical or denominational authority, but this "collective body" does recognize common authority. All de-nominations, more or less fully recognize God as the great moral governor, and his law as that by which all men will be judged; in short, the revealed will of God is the authority recognized by the Church in its broadest sense;  and it is this same authority that the National Reformers demand shall be recognized as the supreme law of the United States, thus making the law of the Church and the law of the land one and the same. And then that law must be interpreted by the courts and en-forced by the Government which then be-comes a central ecclesiastical authority which all must recognize under penalties. If this would not be a union of Church and State in all essential particulars; we would like to have the Republican party,  or Benjamin Harrison, or Mr. Coleman, or somebody else, whether Republican or Democrat, tell us what would constitute such a union. It was in exactly this sense that Church and State were united in the fourth cen-tury. It was the whole body of Chris-tians that was to be favored. And every-thing else grew out of that. Constantine did only that which the National Reform-ers demand that this Nation shall do, and that which the Supreme Court and Con-gress has already done, namely, he made the nation Christian by an official recog-nition of the Christian religion, and by favoring the adherents of that faith above all others. Then as a natural consequence, the bishops of the Church, that is, of the whole body of believers, came together to decide what was the Christian religion; and thus was formed the Roman Papacy; the American papacy will be formed in a similar way. C. P. B. The Great American Church only An- other Name for a Most un-Amer- ican Despotism. AT the Ministerial Union in Syracuse, N. Y., the Rev. Chas. Ferguson saidŠ That he believed in one organic church, of which the President of the United States should be head, which church should take hold of every phase of American life. In view of the Supreme Court deci-sion that " this is a Christian Nation "Ša most un-American actŠthe above state-ment is of interest, as it most clearly in-dicates the continued growth of senti-ment in the religious world, that the Church must dominate the civil power. The churches have secured a national recognition at the hands of the highest authority in the Nation, and that which is called the Christian religion, is made the religion of the Nation. In harmony with this, Congress has said that Sunday shall henceforth be the Sabbath of the NationŠthe great Amer-ican Sabbath of an American churchŠand now what more logical conclusion than that this " church should take hold of every phase of American life ? " Then in so doing, this most un-American church, will do a most un-American thing in dominating " every phase of American life " through the agency of secret po-lice or Sunday rest leagues, spying out absentees from religious worship, under a law which this most un-American church shall secure, compelling all to attend worship on Sunday. And when this is all brought about by this un-American organic church, and shall by authority of this unconstitutional law, intrude itself into the secrets of the family, the individual, the citizen, domi-nating their rightsŠfor this is just what it all meansŠthen which will be most to be dreaded, the Papacy with the Pope as its visible head, or this un-American church with "the President of the United States" as the acknowledged "head" ? Acknowledged by whom ?ŠBy this un-American church, of course. But what about dissenters ?ŠNothing more logical than that they will be dealt with according to laws and penalties (for a law is of no value except there be a penalty) secured by this un-American church and enforced by, not a Spanish Inquisition, but an un-American Inquisi-tion, established upon American soil, in this " land of the free." The people should beware lest they be deceived by 