AMERICAN SNTIN-EL.  139 How much better if these brethren would work in a fair and open manner for the conversion and salvation of these men who are running these saloons and gam-bling places, and if they should succeed, then they would shut up their places of destruction every day in the week and all the time, and would do it voluntarily be-cause of love for the right. A Christian cannot be a spy or an inquisitor and work for souls. G. W. ANGLEBARGER. Alamosa, Col., Feb. 20. How Trusts Work. THERE are no trusts now, for all trusts have changed their form of organization so that they are business corporations. So in looking for the results of trusts we must study the operations of the great corporations of the country. On Dec.1,1899, the Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Railroad Company reduced the wages of its "steel gang" and "bridge men" from $1.25 to $1.15 per day and "section men" from $1.15 to $1.00 per day. The two former are away from home for nearly all their work, and have to pay an average of $3.50 per week for board. If they could work full time, six days, they could only earn $6 90, and after they had paid their board they would have but $3.40 for their week's work. But they seldom pat in full time and often do not work more than three or four days per week, in which ease they have little or nothing left for themselves. The section men are at home all the time, but they have to pay rent, for many of them are married men with fami-lies, besides paying for fuel, provisions and clothing at present prices. Formerly they were allowed to use the half rotted ties which were taken out and replaced with new ones. Though not the best of fuel, they could be used, and saved the expense of buying. But last fall an order was issued that all the old ties must be piled up "by the side of the track and burned." This was no advantage to the company while it was a loss to the section men. This cut in wages was not made because the road was not making good returns for the money invested, for it has been for many years one of the best-paying roads, and the published statement of earnings show that last year was an average year. But the reduction is a serious one to the men, for most of the commodities of life have materially advanced in price. The injustice of this reduction of wages was empha-sized by the fact that one month later an advance was made in freight rates on between 400 and 500 different classes of articles, the increase being about twenty-five to thirty per cent. above the old rates. Thus while op-pressing those who labor for them they, at the same time, by extortionate charges oppress the public which they serve. We have been told many times that while trusts reduce the cost to the consumer they increase the wages paid to the workmen, that in this way they please both consumer and producer, and so are a benefit to all. But when we look at the facts we find that they have stated the case backwards, that they increase the -cost to the consumer while in this as in many other cases they re-duce the power to purchase. Instead of being "a neces-sary evolution of the times" and a benefit to the world, they are the result of that greed for gain, (and this in-stance is only one more evidence of it), that has taken possession of the heart of menÑthat greed that has no regard for the needs of a fellow-creature, that thinks only of self, and only cares that its ill-gotten gains may be heaped the higher, not knowing that they are piled up against the day of God's wrath. Jas. 5: 1-6. J. 0. BEARD. Where the Reformation is Needed. WHILE the National Reformers and their religious allies are shouting about the necessity of so reforming the Government that it will become Christian, to some distaerested observers it is apparent that it is in the church itself, and not in the Government, that a Chris-tian reformation is needed. Here, for example, is what the New York Sun says on the point in a recent issue, under the heading, "Devices to Stimulate Church-going" :Ñ "That there is actually a decrease in churchgoing at the present time, as alleged by so many of our cor-respondents,seems to be indicated by the extraordinary devices now in vogue in many places to induce people to go to the churches. The managers of traveling shows are not more fertile in artful advertising schemes, and their trickery to excite the popular curiosity is not more sensational, more vulgar and more catchpenny. "Of late we have printed extracts, largely from re-ligious papers, giving descriptions of these devices. They have included 'chicken suppers,' the introduction of 'lady ushers,' kissing games,' mock marriages,' and no end of other diversions in a similar scale of vulgarity. One of the heaviest tasks imposed on the ingenuity of many pastors and church and Sunday school officials seems to be to rack their brains to get up fresh novel-ties of this sort in competition with other churches en-gaged in concocting original and startling advertising devices for a like purpose. "The latest rivalry in this business has taken place at New Brunswick, according to newspaper reports, and it has resulted in an absolutely novel entertainment by the Epworth League of the Methodist Church of that town. This was called 'A Single-hearted Confession Sociable,' and was an open confessional where unmar-ried young men and women were called on to tell pub- licly 'why we have never married.' It is said to have been extraordinarily successful as a mirth-provoking entertainment, the confessions being greeted with 'great cheers and laughter' by a crowded audience. . . . 