03. te 03. AMERICAN SENTINEL. 31 .00tb00 0 A Unique Pen==THE "POST."  " Being the ONLY SELF-FILLING AND SELF-CLEANING pon manufactured in -the world, the "Post Fountain Pen" stands pre-eminently alone. No need of inky fingers; no need of bothersome fillers. You can cleanse and refill the "Post," without either of these adjuncts, in less than ten seconds. The unsolicited testimonial of one of our subscribers is to the point. A He says:Š There is nothing so near to success as success itself. Such is the 'Post,' the acme, the climax of inventive genius." Another of our subscribers who has already taken advantage  of this offer and who again sends in for pen and paper, says:Š "I'  must say that the ' Post Fountain Pen' is the best fountain pen I ever used. It is a wonder." OINOM As, an incentive to an aggressive work in behalf of the Sentinel, we offerŠby SPECIAL AGREEMENT WITH THE,PATENTEEŠto send the American Sentinel for one year and the Post 'Fountain Pen, postpaid, for A staunch defender of the true principles of religious liberty. The AMERICAN SENTI-NEL is unique in that it is the only paper pub-lished in the United States devoted specifically and aggressively to the work of making known the principles of religious libertyŠChristian and ConstitutionalŠfrom the standpoint of truth. There is right now an urgent call and a ripe field for every power and every agency that will stand for the right. The American, Sentinel should be in the home of every American citizen. In connection with the SENTINEL we offer the Ł" Post" Fountain •64 Pen. They both Stand on their merits. The price of the pen alone is $3.00. It cannot be purchased for less anywhere. The price of the SENTINEL is $1.00 per year. 0111$1101Ł11111M11111=111111/ Do you appreciate liberty of conscience? Do you desire to acquaint your friends with the move-ments that are seeking to destroy this God-given right? ŁSecure their subscription, the SENTINEL will do the rest. Do you want a really reliable pen? Now is your chance. If desired we will send the SENTINEL to one address and the pen to another. Address AMERICAN SENTINF1L, 39 Bond St., New York City. le   c,— `4(1- 444441  4M Unique Journal.. The AMERICAN SENTINEL. $2.50. Da-In ordering state kind of pen de- siredŠmedium or fine. -01-4K4-41. Six Cardinal Points Peculiar to the " POST:" Self-Filling, Self-Cleaning, Simplicity, Durability, Reliability, No Leaking. left 