370 THE .A.IVIERICA_N SENTINEL. compelled to presuppose a theocratical theory of government. Nor can this result be avoided by calling it the " civil Sabbath." To call it the " ciiii.1.Sabhath" and then attempt to sup-port.  it as such by arguments, everyone of which rests upon a theocratical basis, is simply-10 demonstrate that the title of " civil Sabbath " is simply a contrivance to ,save appearances, and is essentially a fraudi- After having argued what he called a " civil Sabbath," through nearly fourteen columns of the Christian Statesman per-sistently asserting all the time that it is civil, yet being forced by the necessity of the case to argue for it as religious, he closes his long disquisition with these words :Š Such a day, if no more than.the civil Sabbath, observed according to the requirements of law, will furnish a perpetual education to the soul, bringing refreshment to the body, and turn the hearts of men to Him who made the Sabbath for man. If such a result as that can follow the observance of a " civil Sabbath" accord-ing to the requirements of the law of the States of. this Union, then what need is there of any other means to furnish per-petual education to the soul and turn the hearts of men to God? And if that would be the effect of statutes enforcing a civil Sabbath, what could be the effect of statutes enforcing the religious Sabbath? The education of the soul and the turning of the hearts of men to Him who made the Sabbath for man are religious exer-cises. Any law or any effort which will accomplish this is religious and nothing else, and when a statute, though called civil, is intended to accomplish any such purpose it is a religious statute. When such a long disquisition, by such a man, upon the civil Sabbath, follows such a course and ends in such a way, as does this by Judge Hagans, it is as cleat a demonstration as needs ever to be, that Sunday legislation is religious legislation, and. that only; that Sunday laws are re-ligious laws and nothing else, and that the " civil Sabbath " is only a mask for the religious Sunday: A. T. J. Old Time Moral Laws. Tins was a period when the so-called blue laws " were most rigorously en-forced, not only in Connecticut, with which tradition associates them, but in Massachusetts. In the former colony no food or lodging could be given to a Qua-ker, Adamite or other heretic. No one could run on the Sabbath day or walk in his garden,or elsewhere, except reverently to and from meeting. No one could travel, cook victuals, make beds, sweep house, cut hair or shave on the Sabbath day. No woman could kiss her child on Sabbath or fasting day. Whoever brought cards into the colony paid a fine of five pounds. No one could read the Book of Common  Prayer, keep Christmas or saints' days, make minced pies, dance, play cards, or play on any instrument of music except the trumpet, drum, or jewsharp. Liquor drinking was regulated, and the use of tobacco was tinkered incessantly. No one under twenty-one years, nor any one not previously accustomed to it, could take tobacco without a physician's certificate. No one could take it publicly in the street or in the fields or woods, except on a journey of ten miles. Nor could any one take it in any house in his own town with more than one other person taking it at the same time. This last injunction was leveled at the so-called " tobacco parlia-ments." About 1645 the Massachusetts magistrates were greatly troubled that the people would tell lies. Weeden's " First One Hundred Years." That was paternalism in government pure and unadulterated! And that is what the National Reformers are using their untiring efforts to again bring into force in this country in the ostensible in-terests of the "poor workingman." Their paternal care for him seems to be more in the matter of resting on the first day, than in providing work for him the other six days in the week, as thousands of men in enforced idleness can testify. President Westbrook on the Bible in the Schools. " SHALL the Bible be read in the public schools ?" was the subject of a speech by President Westbrook, at the Portsmouth Secular Congress. He, of course, gave a negative answer to the question, and sup-ported it by the following reasons (actual and so-called), which he dwelt upon at considerable length:- 1. Because there is no common agreement as to what constitutes the Bible. 2. Because there is no common agreement as to what parts are historical and what parts are alle-gorical. 3. Because there is no common agreement as to what doctrines are taught in the Bible. 4. Because it contains so much that is cruel and obscene. 5. Because the moral is so mixed up with the immoral that .there is great danger of contamina-tion by contact. 6. We might just as well go one step further and say that we object to the reading of the Bible in our State schools because of its defective morality. 7. Because the teachers can so manipulate, it in reading as to favor their own particular views. 8. Because it would not secure the object con-templated. 9. Because it is a violation of 'the secular prin-ciple of the Constitution of the United States, and of, the Constitutions of the several States, which for-bids the teaching of sectarianism at the public ex-pense. We quite agree with Doctor Westbrook in his conclusion, namely, that the Bible has no proper place in the public school; but must dissent from several of his "rea-sons." Indeed, the last three are about the only real reasons given, and one of them will hardly bear investigation. We  will examine the several reasons by num-ber. 1. It is true that there is no common agreement as to what constitutes the Bible, but that fact is not a reason why it should not be read in the schools. There is universal agreement as to what constitutes the Book of Mormon and the Westminster Confession of Faith; yet it would not be proper to read them in the public schools. The reason that the Bible is rightfully excluded is because it is a religious book, and the State cannot prop-erly teach religion. 2. The Doctor's second reason is of no more force than the first. It is true that the difference of opinion to which he al-ludes does exist, but even if there were perfect agreement on this point the read-ing of the Bible in schools supported in whole or in part by the State, would be no less objectionable than it is now. Were this not the case a book of selections might be compiled embracing only such passages as are universally admitted to be either historical or ethical. But the fact is that the entire value of the Bible is due to the fact that it is religious; it belongs therefore to a realm beyond the jurisdic-tion of the State, and therefore the State should let it alone. 3. A common agreement as to the doc-trines of the Bible would not altar the case one particle. It is not the business of the State to teach religion, and no agreement, however perfect, could possi-bly give to civil government a jurisdiction that does not naturally belong to it. Reasons 4, 5, and 6, are substantially the same, and are utterly false and mis-leading. The Bible is so far from being an immoral book that it contains the purest morality. But it is not our pur-pose to dwell on that phase of the ques-tion. The Bible is not a football to be kicked about between contending parties and to be judged by school-boards. The State has no right to sit in judgment upon it and to decide that it is too immoral to be read in the public schools. Even Pres-ident Westbrook must admit this, for if one State or one school board could prop-erly exclude the Bible because in its opin-ion the book is immoral, another State or another school board might properly ad-mit it because in its opinion, it is' moral. The very nature of the book places it above the jurisdiction of States and of school-boards. It comes to us as a super-natural thing, a revelation from God, and thus appeals to the consciences of men, and binds them under penalties entirely beyond the power of human governments either to enforce or to remit. This it is that places it beyond the domain of civil government and removes it far beyond the jurisdiction of school-boards and town meetings. Each man must accept or reject the Bible for himself, and the consequences of his decision he must abide. It is a matter 