No. 3. THEAIVIT'-,YRTCAN SENTINEL. As a matter of fact, the case was exactly the reverse of this. The matter was before the people for nearly a year. Following is a brief history of the case :Š Smile of the church people sought to rigidly enforce the Sunday law. They entered into it with enthusiam, and thought they saw suc-cess ust ahead. Some of them made boasts of 'what they would do to those who had the presumption to work on their Sabbath. Ar-rests were made by the wholesale. A few convictions were obtained in different parts of the State, for the movement was general. One or two cases were appealed to the Supreme Court. Thus the matter attracted the atten-don of everybody, and the eyes of many in distant States were turned toward California. Of course there was opposition. It was the year of a State election, and the Republican party of California espoused the Sunday cause. At the State Convention a plank in favor of the Sunday law was adopted with the greatest enthusiasm. No other plank in the platform received one-fourth the attention or applause that that one did. When the Democratic Convention was held, that party declared for the repeal of the law. This was the sole issue between the two parties in California that year, and the campaign was a most exciting one. For months the principal topic of conver-sation was the Sunday law. The papers were full of it, and there was not a political speech made in which it was not discussed. The ministers all preacIrd on it. Everywhere it was the one thing before the people. Of course every voter turned out on election day. The result was that a Democratic Gov-ernor and a Democratic Legislature was elected. The State Government, which had previously been strongly Republican, became by that 'election just as strongly Democratic. Every-body knew that it was because of the Sunday law.. The Republican party well knew that its defeat was due to its espousal of the Sunday law. The first thing that the Democratic Legislature did when it convened, was to ful-fill its pledge to repeal that law. The mem-bers could not in conscience do otherwise, be-cause their promise to do so was that which secured their election. That is the whole his-tory. And now for the Tribune to say that " it is believed that if the voice of the people could have been taken at the time of the act of the Legislature repealing the law, a very large Majority of the best citizens in the State would have opposed the repeal," is arrant nonsense. The one who believes that, will believe any-thing. If the voice of the people is not heard at the polls, especially when the main issue has been the subject of discussion for months, then we should like to know how that voice could be heard. Everybody who has lived in California for the last seven years, pr who was here during the campaign of 1882, knows that we have related the simple facts. The Cali-fornia "Sunday law was repealed because the majority of the people said that they wanted it repealed. Whether or not the sentiment of the majority has changed materially since then, ;remains to be seen. Let the matter  have a fair trial before the people, and if the majority want a Sunday law, it will appear. But let no one seek to appeal to sympathy by pleading that a fair trial was not had six years ago. We are well aware of the fact that an effort is being made to push the matter of a Sunday law through this Legislature as quickly and quietly as possible; but we shall do our part towards securing a full and free discussion of it. Of the meeting to influence legislation in behalf of the Sunday law, we shall have some- thing to say next week. E. J. W. H Ł 1. "Shall the Constitution Be Modified?" THIS is the question which the New York Independent has been propounding to some of the most prominent men in the country. The Independent asked: " Has there been such ad-vance in political science and such develop-ment of this Nation during the past hundred years, as to demand any considerable modifi-cation in our Constitution? If so, in what lines should it be made? " After asking in particular if there should be a readjustment of the executive and legislative branches of the Government to each other, the Independ-ent's letter closed with these words: " Please treat the question from your own point of view, and follow your own lines of thought," thus leaving every man free to suggest any change which, in his mind, the Constitution might need. The Independent of January 10 contains several replies to the letter of inquiry, and some of them are so exceedingly pointed that we print them here. We first quote from the short letter of that eminent scholar and his-torian, Hon. George Bancroft. He says :Š "I have your letter asking what changes had better be made in the Constitution. I know of none; if any change is needed, it is in ourselves, that we may more and more respect that body of primal law." Good! Such an answer does honor to the man who made it. Would that National Re-formers might take a few lessons in political economy from George Bancroft. There is more of sound sense and the science of good government in that short answer than in all the volumes of National Reform literature. We next quote the words of Justice Bradley, of the United States Supreme Court. He says, " I would have no change," and adds:Š " I think it is a most happy arrangement that sudden whiffs and gusts of popular feel-ing are not always able to execute and carry out the rash purposes with which they are inspired." Still more pointed is the following from Justice Gray, of the United States Supreme Court:Š " I am so old-fashioned as to think that the Constitution, administered according to its letter and spirit, is well enough as it is. And I am of the opinion of the late Governor Andrew, that it is not desirable to Mexicanize our Government by proposing constitutional amendments as often as there is supposed to-be a disturbance in its practical working." Better still is the following answer by Mr. Justice Biatchford, of the Supreme Court of  the United States. We quote his letter in full :Š " I am satisfied with the Constitution as it is. It cannot be bettered. Constitution tinkers are in a poor business. If there are ills, it is better to bear them than fly to others that we know not of." Of course this is rank atheism in the eyes of National Reformers, but it is so much the better on that account. That which they call heresy is the real, true religion of the Bible. One more quotation closes the list. It is the last paragraph of a long letter by Francis. Wharton, LL.D., and is as follows :Š "The Constitution itself requires no amend-ment, but what is required is the removal, from it of the patches impairing its sym-metry, its comprehensiveness, its elasticity, its durability, which have been imposed on it by the judiciary." These are all good utterances. It is a good thing to know that the sound, thinking men of the Nation are in favor of preserving the Constitution as it is; but, alas! "Israel doth not know; my people doth not consider." Whose Country Is This. AT the convention of the National Woman's Christian Temperance Union, last fall, Mrs. Mary T. Lathrop made one of the principal speeches, in the course of which she said, ad-dressing the press and politicians of New .York :Š "You have sold out our civilization by the sea-coast, have imported pauper labor, for fear you would have to pay honest wages to work- Ł ingmen. The manufacturers of this country, who are falling on the necks of laboring men with many tears during this political cam-paign, have been sending their paid agents over to Europe to bring this kind of people here, until you have trodden on our Sabbath, and sold out our civilization in these great Eastern populations to the Philistines." It seems as though people are getting pretty well advanced, when they can reprove others for treading upon "our Sabbath." God pro-nounces a blessing upon those who turn away their foot from the Sabbath, from doing their pleasure on his holy day ; and when the American people shall enact laws against the violation of their Sabbath,Šthe rival of the Sabbath of ,the Lord,Šwe cannot see how much better they will be than the man of sin, " the son of perdition, who opposeth and exalteth himself above all that is called God, or that is worshiped." Then we shall have not only Papal Rome, but Papal America. As to the Sunday Papers. WHEN the subject of annihilating Sunday papers was under discussion by the preachers day before yesterday, various remedies were proposed. One of them was that the min-isters should not print the notices of their services in the Sunday papersŠboycott them, in short. That is an old story,Š Said Aaron to Moses, Let's bite off our noses. Somehow they always get in. Some deacon,  or elder, more interested in the business than in the spiritual welfare of the church, and who knows that advertising is the life of all enter- 