56 AMERICAN SENTINEL. case," or by giving you an "absent treatment." This is a kind of magic unworthy of a Christian age, and there is no foundation for faith in it. The power in which we must have faith if we would be well is the creative and curative power which exists in every living thing. This healing power is not away off outside of us and within the reach of just one certain class of persons. The only true healing power in all the universe is God, the great intelligence and force that is-behind everything, in all existence. That power is in you, and if you are sick it is because God is trying to do something for you that you can not do for yourself. If you are weary, it is because you need rest. If you are suffering pain, it is because you have been doing something that will destroy you if you persist in your course. Pain, weariness, dis-ease, then, are our good friends. They are the agents by which God endeavors to lead us back into the right road. The truth, "Whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap," applies to physical no less than to spirit-ual sowings. Believe this, for there is nothing more certain. Sow to health, cultivate health, and health will spring up and grow in you. Cultivate the tree of health, and it will bear fruit, and you will find yourself improv-ing physically year by year. Echoes from the South- BY JOHN MC CARTHY. ACCORDING to the Chilean journal La Lardi, published in Santiago, we learn that the Roman Catholic bishop of Conception, Mofisenor Labarca, immediately upOn his _return from Rome, petitioned the government of Chile to expel from his diocese the "Fathers" of the Saint Franciscan order. This petition is based upon the immoralities, irregularities, and abuses of the "Fathers" of said order. The St. Franciscans have hitherto had under their care the Catholic missions to the Chilean Indians, but their lewd practises have to be publicly condemned and reproved by one of the highest Catholic dignitaries of South America. Yet it is the continuous boast of Rome that her missions are the admiration of the universe and models of sanctity. For some years past the Roman Catholic clergy, have worked hard to have the Holy Scriptures prohibited in the Bolivian republic. To this end they haveŠin their authorized journalsŠdenominated the Bible a filthy book, indecent literature, falsified history, and an nstructor of heresy; and in this way they have managed to throw dust in the eyes of the Bolivians, which has prejudiced them against the perusal and study of the Word of God. Just now, however, the liberal party has taken possession of the governmental reins, with the result that there is- a great religious reaction taking place throughout the whole country. The liberals are clamor-ing for the free circulation of the Bible throughout the Bolivian territory; and thus the way is opening up for the spread of the gospel message in those benighted parts; although the priests are using every effort in their power to impede this object. From Ecuador we learn the priests have received a terrible blow, which has to a certain degree crippled the. Catholic power in that country. Hitherto the popish dignitaries have held the patronage'of several national positions, as well as of all important ecclesiastical livings. This, however, has now come to an end. The government by a recent law, has just deprived the church of this power; and has determined to dispense with these positions, as the State thinks best. The Ecuadorean priests for some time past have,  done their best to smother the liberal sentiments, which are becoming more and more manifest in that republic-with the advent of each day. In the past no marriage was counted legal which was not celebrated .according to the rites of the Catholic Church. Consequently the land is full of concubinage, and illegitimate children, and there immorality is seen at its worst. Some may ask the reason of this. The reason is simple and clear to all. The priests demand very exorbitant sums before they consent to give their"apostolic" blessing to those about to unite in matrimony. Thus the thousands of poor inhabitants are excused from participation in this "blessing," through lack of the necessary finances. In the last few months, the people have united their voices, demanding the legalization of the civil marriage. Th7e priests oppose with all the energy, of their souls, as they see one of the means, of enriching themselves slip from their grasp. But it appears that the popular sentiment is about to prevail, and the Ecuadorean Congress is about to legislate a law legalizing the civil marriage. In the city of Cordova, Argentine Republic, several journals have expressed their indignation at the cruel treatment non-Catholics are receiving in the municipal hospitals throughout the country, from the hands of the nurses, (Sisters of Mercy?). These good sisters first use their persuasive,  powers to induce the patients toŁ confess to their priests. Should they refuse to do so, they are immediately marked as heretics, and harsh, cruel treatment is the method employed to bring these infirm and dying dissentients to their Proper senses. We could fill the paper with cases such as this which are daily happening in different parts of this continent. But those who resort to such methods to convert the erring one, only show how little they are acquainted with the Redeemer of mankind, who gave His own life, that He might save that of His enemy. Buenos Ayres, Argentina. 