MARCH 12, 1896. Amt-mitArc.A.N sENT-IxTVVIT__. 85 manufactured for the Sunday cause. The " Church Temperance Society" will certainly fail in its mission if it fights the battles of its warfare with the boomerangs of error. Let the temperance forces insist upon the out-lawing of the saloon, as the nature of its business demands. SUNDAY " LAW " PERSECUTION. WE have received from the International Religious Liberty Association a tabulated statement of the cases of the prosecution of Seventh-day Adventists under Sunday "laws" of the various States and countries from 1878 and to the present time. The following is the number of Sabbatarians arrested for Sunday work each year :Š Yews. Arrests. Cases. 1878 3  3 1880 1   1 1882 2  2 1885 9   9 1886 16  16 1889 3  3 1892 11  .11 1893 11  14 1894 23 31 1895 47  62 1896 5   5 Total, 131 Total, 157 The following States have been or are in-volved in this inquisitous business:Š Alabama, California, Georgia, Maryland, Michigan, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Texas. The foreign countries in which arrests have occurred are England, Switzerland, New South Wales, Manitoba, and Ontario. The total number of cases in foreign coun-tries are 17, leaving, 130 occurring in the United States. At this writing nine cases are pending in the lower courts. One hundred and sixteen cases have been brought to trial; 27 have been dropped before trial on account of exemption clauses; in five cases no arrests were made; in two or three instances the in-dicted parties had removed to other States before the indictments were secured; in one or two instances, only the surname was given and the warrants were never served because they were too indefinite. Of the 116 cases brought to trial 109 resulted in conviction. Four cases have been dropped after conviction; twenty-five have been appealed to higher courts. In three cases occurring in Australia the sentence was the payment of a fine, or in default to sit in the public stocks. These fines were never paid and the sentences were never carried out because the authorities had no stocks. The total fines and costs in these eases amount to $2,269.69; total number of days served in prison, 1,438; days served in chain-gangs, 445. " As a result of the hardships' endured in confinements," says the report, " the death of two men was hastened, and several have not recovered from the effects of bad food and ill-treatment." In a very large majority of these cases the work complained of.was of such a nature that it could not possibly afford anybody just ground for complaint. It was not work that involved anybody else or required anybody else to labor; nor was it work that interfered in any way with the rest or quiet of other people. For the most part it has been farm work done by individuals upon their own premises,  and in a large number of the cases, was only observed by those who made it their business to spy upon the Adventists. But notwithstanding these facts some deny that these prosecutions are in any sense reli-gions persecution. The claim is that it " is only enforcing the law." But, as the AMER-ICAN SENTINEL has repeatedly stated, with the exception of isolated cases of mob violence, that is all religious persecution has ever been. The persecution of the Christians under the Roman Empire was only the enforcement of civil "law." Indeed some of the Roman govern-ors and emperors were as reluctant to enforce the "laws" against the Christians as are some of the judges and sheriffs in the United States to-day. But they held that the " law" must be enforced, just as kind and " good-hearted" men hold to-day in the United States and in other countries. The trouble is with such "laws." Statutes that can be used as engines of persecution ought to be repealed or declared void by the courts as they are in fact. It is a well-estab-lished principle of law that rights do not originate with the State or with the Govern-ment; and that they exist independently of statutes; and that when any pretended law invades natural right it is void in the very nature of the case. That statutes which imprison honest men for doing honest labor, and that interfere with the rights of any person, are unjust and oppressive, must be evident to every man who will honestly put himself for a few moments in the position of one who is thus pros-ecuted. Let the ardent Sunday-keeper imag-ine the conditions reversed; let him imagine himself required by statute to rest habitually upon some day not regarded by him as sacred, and he will certainly conclude, if he is honest with himself, that such a regulation is unjust; and that as far as law can properly go is to forbid anything that interferes with the equal rights of others. And that is all the Advent-ists of the United States and other countries demand. They do not ask exclusive privi-leges, but they claim equal rights. IS THERE A PRINCIPLE INVOLVED ? BY A. DELOS WESTCOTT. A RELIGIOUS paper, not intentionally hos-tile to the principle of separation of Church and State, recently published a question from a subscriber, which, with the answer, may be of interest to the readers of the SENTINEL. The subscriber asked, " What right has the President of the United States, or the governors, to appoint days of thanksgiving ?" and adds, "Is not that so much of union of Church and State ?" In reply the editor says:Š The above almost reminds us of the saying that some people stand up so straight that they lean Over backward. . . What wrong would there be, we wonder, in the President's, or any one else's, suggest-ing a day of special thanksgiving? Those procla-mations are only suggestions. Those who observe Thanksgiving clay in a proper spirit, do so not in obedience to the behest of the State, but because thanksgiving and praise belong to God, and certainly nothing would be more fitting than to see a whole community uniting in giving thanks to God for mer-cies and blessings received. And there is no one who can more appropriately suggest the day than the man who stands at the head of the community. The laws of our country compel no one to observe the day; it is wholly voluntary, and, to our mind, is quite an appropriate institution, if it be observed in a proper way. The above editorial contains food for much careful thought. 1. It is most certainly our duty and privi- lege to render praise and thanksgiving to God. And it is well for the people to unite at specified times in these exercises. But why should the President of the United States make the appointment ? Why should he be regarded as the religious " head of the com-munity " ? If politics and religion are not mixed, if Church and State are not united, why should political power or civil authority place a man at the " head of the community ' in religious affairs and exercises ? The answer to these questions is obvious. To say that a man should appoint a day of thanksgiving because he " stands at the head of the community" is to assert that he "stands at the head of the community" in a religious sense. And to say that he stands thus because he is president or governor, is to assert that civil and religious influence and authority belong together; but this is union of Church and State. 2. But it is said, " Those who observe Thanksgiving day in a proper spirit, do so not in obedience to the behest of the State," etc. Then nobody observes it properly save those who have heard nothing about the ap- pointment, or, having heard, have paid no attention to it. For whoever adopts a certain day because of the President's official an-nouncement, is certainly observing the day in obedience to the behest of the State. If people do not observe the day in obedience to the behest of the State, why is it that they always happen(?) to select the same day the State has appointed ? There was nothing in nature or revelation which indicated Thurs-day, November 28, 1895, as a day of special thanksgiving, yet in all parts of the country many laid aside their work on that day; and it would not be far from the truth to say that all who did so were led to that act by the President of the United States. Guided solely by their desire to worship God, they would have been as likely to have selected any other day as to select the one appointed by the State. 3. But " those proclamations are only sug-gestions." On this point, Thomas Jefferson says:Š I consider the Government of the United States as interdicted by the Constitution from intermeddling with religious institutions, their doctrines, discipline, or exercises. But it is only proposed that I should recommend, not prescribe, a day of fasting and prayer. That is, that I should indirectly assume to the United States an authority over religious exercises, which the Con-stitution has directly precluded from them. It must be meant, too, that this recommendation is to carry some authority, and to be sanctioned by some penalty on those who disregard it; not, indeed of fine and imprisonment, but of some degree of proscrip-tion, perhaps in public opinion. And does the change in the nature of the penalty make the recommenda-tion less a law of conduct for those to whom it is di-rected? It would be useless to ask the chief execu-tive officer of the State to make such an ap-pointment unless his words were intended to carry some weight. At present the penalty may seem light, but it is, nevertheless, a penalty. The man who refuses to give re-spectful attention to the " suggestion" of the chief representative of the people, will be " peculiar," "unpatriotic," "fanatical," "too straight in the back," etc., etc. And he will soon become aware of the fact that the com-munity would treat him more cordially if he would act like other people. 4. At the present time the National Reform Association is laboring energetically to secure an amendment to our National Constitution which shall acknowledge Jesus Christ as ruler of this nation and the Bible as the supreme law, thus placing " all Christian laws, insti-tutions, and usages on an undeniable legal Arkansas, Florida, Illinois, Massachusetts, Mississippi, Ohio, Tennessee, 