litit 5, 1894. SIMNTIENTtilt,. 109 a common work day; it has just the na-ture of every other work day ; while the very nature of the seventh day of the week God hallowed i. e., made holy; and he commands us all, " Remember the Sab-bath day to,keep it holy." M. E. STEWARD. The Judge's Charge in the Georgia Cases. IN the trial of Messrs McCutchen and Keck, at Gainesville, Ga., for Sunday la-bor, the entire plea of the prosecution was that " Sunday is the day fixed by the State of Georgia upon which work cannot be done. Whether it is the Sabbath of the Bible is none of our business, but to stick to the Georgia law; for it is that under which we --The-c,'-lfarge of the judge to the jury had particular reference to that phrase of the statute prohibiting the following of one's " ordinary calling " on Sunday, and was substantially as follows :Š " Gentlemen of the jury : This is an in-dictment against W. A. McCutchen and E. C. Keels, charging them with misde-meanor, that is, working on the Lord's day. You will see the charge fully set out in the indictment which you have. " The indictment is founded upon this statute :Š Any tradesman, artificer, workman or laborer, or other person whatever, who shall pursue their busi-ness or work of their ordinary callings upon the Lord's day (works of necessity or charity only accepted), shall be guilty of a misdemeanor. " This is the law under which these defendants are indicted. So, if the evi-dence proves that the defendants, within two years before the finding of the indict-ment, in this case, and in this county, pursued their business or work of their ordinary callings upon the Lord's day as charged in the indictment, you will be authorized to find them guilty. " The Lord's day, as used in this statute, means the day known as Sunday. " You will notice, gentlemen, that the statute reads where any persons < pursue their business or work of their ordinary callings.' Notice the language of the law ! " I charge you, that under this statute, you cannot rightfully find the defendants guilty unless the proof shows that the work, if any, done by them, was in pur-suance of their business or work of their ordinary callings. < Ordinary calling' means the business or occupation which a person usually pursues to obtain profit, or support, or livelihood. " It is not enough to prove that the de-fendants did work on the Lord's day. It is not a crime, under the law, merely to work on that day; to make it so it must be done in pursuance of the business or work of the ordinary calling of the person who does it. To illustrate: If one, whose business or ordinary calling is to buy and sell goods, were to repair a public road on a Sunday, this would be no crime, espe-cially, if it should be done gratuitously. We have nothing to do with the question of its being morally right or wrong. It is our duty to enforce the law as we find it; we are not to go beyond it. " You are to determine what the evi-dence proves or does not prove, and fairly and impartially find whether or not the defendants are guilty under the evidence and the law. " If, after you have carefully examined all the testimony in the case, weighed it carefully and impartially, under the rules  given in this charge to you,ŠI say, if after you have done that, you have a rea-sonable doubt in your minds whether the defendants are guilty or not, and, that doubt arises from the k3vidence or want of evidence, it will be your duty to give the defendants the benefit of that doubt and find them not guilty. " The defendants have each made a statement in this case in their own defense, and these statements are to have such force only as the jury may think right to gite them, and the jury may believe such statements in preference to the sworn tes-timony in the case. " We have nothing to do with the ques-tion as to whose religious belief is right. You are not to determine whether you or the defendants are right. That is a ques-tion we have nothing to do with now. You are to determine fairly and impar-tially whether the defendants are guilty according to the evidence and the law. Nothing else should influence you in mak-ing your verdict. "You are not obliged to find both de-fendants guilty or not guilty. The evidence may show one guilty and the other not. If you should determine one guilty and the other not, then you will find a verdict accordingly; that is, you will say: We, the jury, find the defendant (naming him) guilty, and we find the other defendant (naming him) not guilty. If you find them both guilty, the form of your verdict will be: We, the jury, find the defendants guilty. If not guilty say : We, the jury, find the defendants not guilty. Retire, gentlemen, and make up your verdict." In the course of the trial it had been made clearly known that the occupation of one of the defendants was that of a min-ister and the other that of a teacher, yet for all this the jury, after remaining out sixteen hours, failed to agree, and the cases went over for a second trial. Sabbath-Keepers and Sunday Laws in Switzerland. IT was not long after we began working on Sunday as on other working days in our Basle publishing house until a police-man came into the office one Sunday, and called our attention to the fact that we were violating the Sunday law. We took pains to explain to him our position and the reason why we worked. He listened attentively, and in a very friendly manner replied that we were entirely correct in our position; still he was under oath to report all violations of the law, and would have to report our work. In a few days a notice from the police informed us that we were fined twenty francs (l4) for working on Sunday with-out permission. We promptly returned the notice, stating that we did not submit to the fine. This led to the appointment of a time for a hearing in the police court, giving us an opportunity to show why we did not submit to the fine. At the ap-pointed hour, the writer appeared for the house, as the director is personally held ac-countable before the law. After usual pre-liminaries, the judge asked on what ground we refused to pay the fine. I replied that we did not pay it because we had a right to work,Špermission and even a command to do so. The court then asked where we obtained our permission to work on this day. Hereupon, I drew a German Bible from my pocket, and turning to Exodus 20, was about to read verses 9 and 10 when the judge asked for the Bible and the  reference. He then read, " Six days shalt thou labor," and closing the Bible with-out reading further, replied that he still remembered that much of his Bible; and without giving me opportunity to speak further, proceeded to state that the case could not be appealed, but we could enter complaint against the fine as unjust in the court of appeals, and in this manner the case might go up to the supreme court. He then dismissed the case. The manner in which the hearing was conducted, indicated quite clearly that the matter had been previously considered by the court; they seemed to know that we would not submit to the fine. On sev-eral occasions, I have discussed our posi-tion and attitude in regard to Sunday laws, union of Church afid State, etc., with the lawyer who attends to our legal affairs; and it is quite evident that he has talked with the authorities about our work and position. This lawyer did all he could to persuade us not to withstand the authorities, as this would in his opinion lead to endless and incurable difficulties. He said, " You are known as quiet, law-abiding people, and have a good name; but if, you rebel against the authorities, you will soon de-stroy your good name and the esteem which you now enjoy." I replied that our good name depended more upon our obeying God than man; and that if the city of Basle punished us with fines for keeping the commandments of God, it would thereby hurt its good name more than ours. If the facts were made known, we were sure that many could see that such a course was nothing but religious persecu-tion; and we should by no means leave our printing-office to lie idle, but should use it to circulate the facts. To this he replied, "It's a fatal affair." Quite recently, our lawyer has been ap-pointed as one of the judges; hence he may yet have to sit on our case. Thus, at least one of the judges will have a knowledge of our position. In a recent conversation, he seemed quite desirous to learn more about how Sunday supplanted the Sabbath, and stated that he would have to read up on the question. I shall take pains to supply him with reading. Like nearly all the Swiss of education, he is able to read the English. Last week he went to Bern, the capital, on business, and took occasion to speak with one of the judges of the supreme court about our position. From the conversation, the law-yer gathered that there was little hope of succeeding by appealing to the supreme court. Religious freedom is guaranteed by the federal constitution ; but there are already several decisions of the supreme court on record to the end that Sunday laws do not infringe the rights of conscience. The police court confirmed our fine, and in case we do not carry it to the supreme court, and gain a favorable decision, we will be held to pay the fine. Sixty days' time is allowed, after which the fine will be collected by sheriff's sale, if not will-ingly paid before. The notice states twenty francs' fine, or in case of inability to pay, four days' imprisonment; we shall cer-tainly not voluntarily pay the fine, for thereby we should assent to it as just. We do not yet know what course will be pursued in our case, but as we have means, it is quite likely that they will collect the fine by force. Some of our brethren in Basle and vicin-ity have ceased to send their children to 