gd AMIgnEtIOAN Si!aVriNE11,0 VOL. 9, Xo. papacy puts the pope in the place of God. On the other hand, had God not com-mitted to man the conservation of his own natural rights, one of two things would have happened ; either vengeance for transgression against human rights would have been so swift and certain as to defeat the very object of God in making and in leaving man free to choose or refuse his service, or else punishment would have been so long delayed, as to afford no pro-tection to those in need of it. Civil gov-ernment, as it exists, is an absolute neces-sity for a race of social free moral agents, in a state of alienation from their Creator. It is evident from the facts stated that there never can be any conflict between legitimate civil authority and the claims of the divine law. And yet the fact re-mains that there have been many and serious conflicts. Civil governments have frequently required of their subjects that which the divine law forbids, and have forbidden that which the divine law re-quires. Why is this ? The answer is that those in power have either wilfully or ignorantly exceeded their legitimate au-thority. Were this not true, it would have been the duty of Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego to have fallen down and wor-shiped the great image set up by Nebu-chadnezzar in the plain of Dura, and God would not have delivered them out of the furnace into which they were cast. It would likewise have been Daniel's duty to have refrained from asking any petition of any God or man for thirty days, save of the king only, when so commanded by his earthly sovereign; and God would not have sent an angel and closed the mouths of the lions into whose den he was cast for his disregard of civil authority. But God did deliver Shadrach, Meshach, and Abed-nego, and he did vindicate Daniel's course, thus declaring in an unmistakable man-ner, and in thunder tones, that he alone is Sovereign of the conscience, that to him alone 'is unqualified allegiance due, and that he alone is the moral Governor. Nor are the instances cited isolated cases in which the devoted servants of God have, in the face of death, chosen to obey God rather than men. The Bible and the history of the Christian Church are full of such cases. This principle was well understood and was fearlessly an-nounced by the apostles who had received it from the Lord himself, couched in these matchless words, "Render therefore unto Csar the things which are Caesar's, and unto God the things that are God's." And when commanded by the civil rulers to refrain from doing something which Jesus had commanded, "Peter and John an-swered and said unto them, Whether it be right in the sight of God to hearken unto you more than unto God, judge ye. For we cannot but speak the things which we have seen and heard." And again, "Peter and the other apostles answered and said, We ought to obey God rather than men." And such must be the Christian's answer to day to any and every demand that con-science be subordinated to civil authority. The Christian can go to prison or to death, but he cannot disobey God even at the behest of the greatest of civil powers. His invariable answer must be, " We ought to obey God rather than men." Nor is this the expression of religious fanaticism. The principle thus stated is known and recognized by the' best and most enlightened thinkers everywhere. In his work on moral philosophy, Pres-ident Fairchild says It is too obvious to need discussion, that the law of God, the great principle of benevolence, is supreme, and that, "we ought to obey God rather than men," in any case of conflict between human law and the divine. There are cases so clear that no one can ques-tion the duty to refuse obedience. In all times and in all lands such cases have arisen. In a case of this kind, either of two courses is possible; to disobey the law, and resist the government in its attempt to exe-cute it, or 'to disobey and quietly suffer the penalty. The first is revolutionary, and can be justified only when the case is flagrant and affects such numbers that a _revolutionary movement will be sustained. . . . The second course will, in general, commend itself to considerate and conscientious men. It is a testimony against the law as unrighteous, and, at the same time, a recognition of government as a grave interest. The reader has doubtless assented thus far to the correctness of the position taken in this paper, and to the principle so suc-cinctly stated by President Fairchild; it remains, therefore, only to illustrate this principle by citing one or two cases suffi-ciently near in point of time to enable all to understand fully what is involved in its practical application. In Massachusetts, in 1644, a law was promulgated requiring all parents to have their children sprinkled. A Baptist, by the name of Painter, refused to obey the law, and was whipped, which punishment he bore without flinching. This is only one of many similar instances that oc-curred in that colony. The Baptists not only held that immersion alone was bap-tism, and that persons old enough to exer-cise faith for themselves were the only proper subjects of the ordinance, but they regarded sprinkling as a counterfeit bap-tism, and believed that to submit to it would be to commit sin. Hence their refusal to submit to it. Even Pedo-Bap-tists now honor them for their fidelity to their faith. In our own land to-day there are thou-sands of people who dissent from the pre-vailing view of the Sabbath, and instead of observing Sunday, the first day of the week, keep Saturday, the seventh day of the week, in harmony with the express provisions of the fourth commandment of the Decalogue. These people are Seventh-day Adventists and Seventh-day Baptists. The former, especially, look upon the fourth commandment not only as enjoin-ing rest upon the seventh day, but as requiring that the other six days be spent habitually in industrial pursuits, and in a manner different from the Sabbath day. But as the law of Massachusetts required all to have their children sprinkled, so the laws of several of our American States require all to observe Sunday by refrain-ing on that day from all secular labor and business, " works of necessity and charity only excepted." But as was the case with the Massachusetts Baptists, to obey the Sunday laws is with the Adventists to violate conscience, and, as they view it, to sin against God. They, therefore, as did the Baptists before them, violate the law and suffer the penalty, as they have done repeatedly,Šnotably in Tennessee and Maryland. Could they do otherwise and retain their Christian integrity, or remain loyal subjects of the King of kings ? And is not fining and imprisoning Adventists in the nineteenth century for disregard of the Sunday law, as truly persecution for conscience' sake as was the whipping of Baptists two hundred years ago for disre-garding the law which required' them to have their children sprinkled ? If not, why not ? C. P. n. ROME is described in Rev. 17: 3-6. Christ and the Sabbath.* SATAN'S STRONGEST AGENCY. Now it has been the purpose of Satan all these centuries to put something else in the place of Christ, himself if possible,Šat all events, to turn away the minds of men from the worship of God as mani-fested in Jesus Christ. By reading two prophecies, and putting them together, we shall see the force of this working of Satan, through an agency through which his work has been carried on more suc-cessfully and for a longer time than through any other agency in the history of the world. " How art thou fallen from heaven, 0 Lucifer, son of the morning! how art thou cut down to the ground, which didst weaken the nations! For thou hast said in thine heart, I will ascend into heaven, I will exalt my throne above the stars of God : I will sit also upon the mount of the congregation, in the sides of the north : I will ascend above the heights of, the clouds; I will be like the Most High." Isa. 14:12-14. This scripture evidently speaks of the fall of Satan and the reason for it; for Lucifer, " the light bearer," by his own course of rebellion became Satan, " the adversary." " Let no man deceive you by any means; for that day shall not come, except there come a falling away first, and that man of sin be revealed, the son of perdition; who opposed and ex-alteth himself above all that is called God, or that is worshiped; so that he as God sitteth in the temple of God, showing himself that he is God." 2 Tin ss. 2:3,4. Every one knows that this prophecy re-fers to the papacy, and every one who puts those two scriptures together can see that they represent exactly the same spirit,ŠI will exalt myself above God. In the papacy we have, in organized form, the greatest manifestation of the working of Satan that this world has ever seen; and the whole principle of the papacy is self-exaltation, the very princi-ple that characterized Satan at the be-ginning, the very principle which led to his downfall. And this organized power steps forth and claims just what this prophecy says that it should claim,Šthat it stands in the place of God. The pope, the head of this church, is called the vicar of Christ, or the vicegerent of Christ, that is, he is the one who rules in the place of Christ. Or, in other words, he has put himself in the place of Christ. He poses as the substitute of Christ. That is simply the same old scheme of the devil. He wanted Christ's place, he wanted the honor and worship that belong to Christ; and this organized manifesta-tion of the spirit and the working of Satan is the same thing over again. It is putting some one else in the place of Christ. And not only that, but the papacy claims to control the saving power of God, that is, his creative power. THE PAPACY CLAIMS SAVING POWER. The fact that the papacy claims to ex-ercise the saving power of God, is evident from the following extract from De Harbe's " Full Catechism of the Catholic Religion," approved by Catholic author-ities, and published in New York by the Catholic Publishing Association, in 1883. The extract is from page 145: "Every one is obliged, under pain of eternal dam- * From No. 14, of the Religious Liberty Library, by Prof, W. W. Prescott. 