Ł500 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. =viduals, and each individual has just the same rights as every other individual. But these Jews were told by the police commis-sioner that there was no intention of doing them any. injury, or of " asking more of them than was asked of all other citizens of the city." The Inquisition could have said the same when trying to torture into its victims belief in the dog-ma of the " real presence," as held by the Roman Catholic Church. All were required to believe the doctrines of " the church;" therefore no more was asked of the poor broken, bleading victim of the rack " than was asked of all other citizens." The Real Question. The real question is not, Is more demanded of some than of others? but, Is the demand just? has the state any right to make such a demand? It is claimed that " the law forbidding business on Sunday is only for the protection of those who want to close on that day, but who can not do so without loss while others remain open." The plea is sophis-tical. Not until uniform hours of opening and clos-ing on other days are established by law, together -with compulsory closing on all holidays, can it be successfully maintained that Sunday-closing ordi-. nances are not due primarily, and indeed wholly, to -the supposed sacred character of the day. No arpount of denial can alter the fact that to compel .any man to forego on Sunday anything that he might properly do on other days, under the same surround-ing conditions, is to, compel him to render homage to .a religious institution. B. THE BATTLE OF ARMAGEDDON. A READER wants to know where in the Bible he -can find mention of " the great battle of Armaged-don." The name " Armageddon " occurs but once in the Scriptures, namely, in Rev. 16: 16. Armageddon, or " Megiddo," is the name applied to the hills overlooking the plain of Esdraelon, the place where Barak and. Deborah destroyed Sisera's army (cir. B. C. 1296), and where nearly seven- hun-dred years later (cir. B. C. 61o), King Josiah was killed and his army defeated by the Egyptians under Pharaoh-N echo. As, used in Rev. 16: 16, it does not necessarily re-fer to locality, but may mean rather place of slaughter -or defeat. Be this as it may, the unavoidable infer- ence from the 16th chapter of Revelation is that the very last act in the tragedy of this world's history will be the gathering of the nations to battle just be-fore the second coming of our Lord Jesus Christ. The world at large has long anticipated a struggle involving all the European Powers over the settle-ment of the Eastern question, or, in other words, the apportioning among the Powers of the Turkish Em-pire. But until " manifest destiny" landed the United States in the Philippine islands, thus making this nation one of " the kings " or powers " of the East," it seemed impossible, from a human stand-point, that this Government could ever be drawn into the impending conflict. But now it seems just as impossible that the United States should not be involved in the settlement of the Eastern question, whether that settlement shall involve merely the driving of the Turk from Europe and the division of his territory, or whether it shall include also, as now seems propable, the partition of China. In the light of the prophecy of Rev. 16: 13-16, it seems clear that the work of gathering the nations is now going forward. Already  the whole world has been brought together by steam and electricity un-til peoples once widely separated not only by dis-tance, but but by diversity of interests, are now brought as near together as though separated only by brooks instead' of oceans. Indeed the world is; so to, speak, no larger now than was a single state a century ago. And not only so, but the unparalleled growth of colonization, commerce and general land-hunger is surely and swiftly bringing face to face in the Orient the conflicting interests of the great world Powers. For years statesmen and soldiers have fore-seen that a great conflict is only a question of time. Often it has seemed that the storm was about to burst; but each time civilization has shrunk back aghast at the prospect, and peace has been preserved. But the storm clouds, though stayed, have not been dissipated. On the contrary, they have continued to gather blackness until their pent-up forces are beyond human conception. Intensity is seen everywhere. The nations are bending all their energies to be prepared-for the conflict which is now seen to be inevitable. The lesson is not far to seek. This arming of the na-tions means, as do the strange things taking place in our own landŠthis sudden change from simple republicanism to miliatary imperialism, this leaving the pursuits of peace for the 'arts of war, the train- 