32" E AMERICAN-  SENTINnL. NEW YORK, JANUARY 23, 1800. NOTE.Š Any one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL witbont having 'ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special Arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it-simply because they take it from the post-office. THE American Sabbath Union officially makes the following announcement of what it wants, and it is this :Š What we want in this matter of Sunday work is total abstinence. MR. CRAFTS reports that he found a conference of ministers in New England that declined to indorse the petition to Congress for a national Sunday law. Good ! May such conferences increase in number daily. Ł THE secretary of Publications and Leg-islation of the American Sabbath Union, has issued a circular in which he says : "Some churches have appropriated a hundred dollars for the prevention of heathenizing America by Sabbath re-form." Well, the AMERICAN SENTINEL appropriates more than twice that amount every week, for the prevention of the heathenizing of America by such Sabbath reform as is represented by the American Sabbath Union. We know of one church that appropriates yet more than this for the same purpose. And let the good work go on. A lady writes thus from Rockport, Atchison County, Mo. : Š EDITORS AMERICAN SENTINEL :Ł One of your papers came to me a few days ago. I must say I like the spirit of freedom it breathes, for I see you not only wish to preserve the rights and libertieS of the minority of Christians, but the free gov-ernment our fathers bequeathed to us baptized in their own blood. I should consider myself unworthy of a free gov-ernment or the right to worship God ac-cording to the dictates of conscience exoept I am willing to grant to all, both great and small, the right to worship how, where, and what they please. THE American Sabbath Union says that its work for Sunday laws is "a real home mi:Ssionary cause" "of like importance with the Christianizing of heathen, landS." But the American Sabbath Union is at-tempting to do its work by ,.legislation, , especially national legislation, therefore the American Sabbath Union in asking State support thereby asks the State to take part in a missionary enterprise and do a missionary work of like importance with the Christianizing of heathen lands, This  argues that the Government of the United States is a missionary society. The work of Christianizing heathen lands'was -com-mitted by Jesus Christ to his disciples and not to the Roman Empire; to his Church and not to the State; and never since that has he committed that work, nor any part of it, to the State. It is committed, and belongs, to the Church only. If the Church cannot do that work without the help Of the State, she cannot do it at all. There-fore the American Sabbath Union, in ask-ing for Sunday laws asks the State to aid the Church. It asks for a union of Church and State in the work of ""Christianizing" the people. Deny it as they may, the evil that is in this Sunday-law movement will crop out, unconsciously though it be. Let everybody understand that the Govern-ment of,  the United States is not a mission-ary society; but that the American Sab-bath Union proposes to make it such a thing. THE American Secular . Union makes the following announcement :Š The American Secular Union, a voluntary associa tion having for its object the complete separation of Church and State, in practice as well as in profession, and in no way.comniffted to any system Of religious belief or disbelief, acting herein by its President, Richard B. Westbrook, A. M., LL.D., as its special trustee and attorney-in-fact, hereby offer a premium of one thotisand dollars ($1, 000), lawful money of the United States, for the best essay, treatise,' or manual adapted to aid and assist teachers in our free public schools and in the Gil'ard College- for orphans, and other public and charitable institutions professing to be unsectarian; to thormighly instruct, children and youth in the purest prirtoiples of morality with-out inculcating religious doCtrines. The papers should all: be subMitted 'by April 1, 1890, though more time will be granted if necessary, and the committee is now ready to receive manuscripts. Each manuscript is desired to be in typewriting, or, if written with the hand, must be very clearly written... It should have a special mark or designation, while the real name and post-office address of the 'author should be sent separately, in a sealed en-velope bearing the same mark as the manuscript. Both manuscript 'and-envel-ope to be addressed to R. B. Westbrook, No. 1707 Oxford St., Philadelphia, Pa., postage or, express prepaid. THE Ridgewood Amusement Company of 'Queens County, N. Y., leased their grounds forplaying base-ball and the chilDS played on Sunday., ,The grand jury in-," dieted, the company for ., maintaining a , nuisance' alloWing ''Sunday" base-ball. The company made no denial- of letting the grounds nor Of letting; them fei. the purpose-of playing base=ball; nor:that base-ball, was, played ;there on Sunday. The, company denied "that it vas -a nuisance and brought many , citizens and, some officials, all residentS, Who testified that it was not a nuisance. ,Of :course, the prosecution failed to convict. The .A.merican Sabbath Union,,, is eensiderably annoyed at this,  and says, "Every lawyer knows that it is a muchlnore difficult matter to convict for maintaining a nuisance than it is to Con-vict for Sabbath-breaking. The indict-ment should have been for Sabbath-break-ing." But Sabbath-breaking is distinctly an offense against God. It is essentially a religious offense and no man is responsible to any soul on this earth for Sabbath breaking; and when the power of the State is employed to deal with the offense of Sabbath breaking that power is carried entirely beyond every limit that properly pertains to the jurisdiction of civil govern-ment. A CORRESPONDENT of the Central New Jersey Times says in a recent communica-tion to that paper :-- Rome does not know what liberty of soul, body or conscience is, and she never has since she claimed temporal power. Catholics, however; have rights that should be respected, and it must be a source of regret that efforts, resolutions, and discussions, even of some religious bodies, have savored of compulsion and of legislation against Catholics. That is all wrong: If a Protestant majority can legislate against Catholics, a Catholic majority have just as good right to legislate against Protestants, and as a Baptist I want Catholics to have just the same rights and privileges as myself. Certainly Catholits have just the same rights that Protestants have, and those rights should be respected. And when Protestants forget this and seek to invade the rights of the Catholic minority they' cease to be Protestants, for not. all Papists are in the Papal Church. The Protestant principle is that so far as his fellow-men are concerned every man shall be left per-fectly free in matters of religion, and only those who act upon this principle are en-titled to the Protestant name. OPPOSITION without being able to show a reason for it is the position of the San Francisco Chronicle on the Australian ballot system. The truth is that the Jestiit organ is opposed to this method of voting because the Catholic Church is opposed to it. The system was designed for the pur-pose of defeating the influence of the priest in politics. In Australia the Papal Church wielded such a powerful influence over voters on election day that the people were compelled in self-defense to devise a means that would defeat- the manipulations of the priests on election day. What is known as the Australian system of voting was the means adopted, and it has served the purpose so well that in Australia the priest no longer wields a power at the polls. The Chronicle will not acknowledge why it opposes the system.ŠAmerican Standard. THE home address of Alonzo T. Jones is 75 West 100th Street, New York City. 1ŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁMINIMPan  THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards , religion or religious tests, and the mainten- ance of human rights, both civil and religious. Is will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1.00 In clubs, of ten or more copies, per year, each, . . 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid. . 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York, Ł .10- 