544 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "I think they will receive theinformation in due time, Nina; for I am entertaining the thought that you and a few more of my friends will inform them of the cause of my absence. And perhaps this is the best way possible for me to show them what . I believe to be the truth on this question. I feel that I could not go with the hope of taking Jesus with me; and I dare not go alone." "But how about my case, Marion? Don't you think it is wrong for me to go, too?" "You will have to decide that matter for yourself. No one can possibly be conscience for another in religious matters, or anything else." "Marion, I am going over to talk with the minister on this question, and you need not be surprised if you receive a pastoral call and get your conscience straight-ened out in time yet for the festival for the poor." "You may do as you like, Nina, but I shall take pleasure in meeting his remarks with the simple Word of God; and I am sure there are many texts in the Bible to corroborate what I have already stated." As Nina bade Marion a pleasant good-bye, and again expressed her regrets that she would not be at the festi-val, she passed down the grey stone walk with feelings very different from any she had ever felt before; and she inwardly wished that conscience would be more quiet and not keep repeating to her with such emphasis the words to which she had just been listening. MRS. M. A. LOPER. Studies in French History. Š36. "WE will begin to-day where we left off last week, if some one can tell us where that was," smiled Professor Carman. "The dwarfish king, Charles VIII., had just died, from bumping his head, I believe," promptly responded Edna Phillips. "Yes; this was in the year 1498. Now a new king ascends the throne, under the name of Louis the Twelfth." "I suppose he was Charles' son, wasn't he?" ques-tioned Bert Mathews, opening a neat note book and pre-paring to write. "Oh no; the poor king died quite young and left no children; so it was to his cousin Louis, duke of Orleans, that the crown fell." "Then I presume he had never had any idea that he was going to be king of France some day," said Milly Brown; "just think what a surprise it must have been to him! imagine my waking up some fine morning and find-ing myself queen of France or some other country!" "Well, I sincerely hope you would take the change as sensibly as he did; you know it was quite unusual for a French king to take a sensible view of anything. But you can judge something of the affection of his subjects  for him, when I tell you he was called 'The father of his people.' " "It seems very restful, doesn't it, professor, to tell about a good, kind king, once. in a while," smiled Julia March, with a sigh of relief. "Just so, Julia; and if restful to us who merely learn a few facts concerning him, how must it have seemed to the poor people who were used to being treated as if they were little above the brutes! You see Louis the Twelfth was not a bit in character or disposition like Louis the Eleventh. He had known what it was to have a hard lot in life. His marriage was a forced one, and conse-quently a most unhappy one. Louis XI. had compelled him to marry his daughter Jeanne; and then, when Louis XI. died, and his daughter Anne was regent of France until Charles VIII. was old enough to take his father's throne, Anne had put the unfortunate fellow in prison." "What!" exclaimed practical Jack. "Put her own sister's husband in prison! What had he been doing?" "Anne thought he had been plotting against the gov-ernment. But now he has the very power that his stern sister-in-law had only a few years before, and so every-body expected him of course to wreak his vengeance upon her and all those concerned in the affair." "I'm so glad he was made of better material than that," said Fred Green. "Yes; and the people were glad and respected him all the more. In fact, it is said that he had not a single en-emy in all France at this time." "Were there any who tried to get him to revenge himself, I wonder," said Maggie Palmeter. "0 yes; there always are some people, you know, who enjoy a quarrel much better than they do peace. But Louis said that he did not think it would be becoming in himŠking of FranceŠto avenge the wrongs of the duke of Orleans, which you remember was his own position at that time. So he nobly forgave his relatives, which was far better. Then, also, he was extremely careful in spending the people's money. He was very prudent and saving." "I imagine that the nobles and courtiers would not like that sort of thing so well as the common people," .commented Edward Barnaby. "0 no, they did not; so they accused him of being mean and stingy, but he said he would much prefer that charge; in fact, he would rather the rich would laugh at him for not spending more money, than for the poor to weep over his spending so much. "However, the king had his faults, and he determined now that he would no longer be bound by the hateful ties which years before had made him the husband of the daughter of Louis XI." "I don't see how he could honorably free himself, though," said Joe Palmeter. "Well, you see, he applied to one who did not know the meaning of the word 'honor,'Šthat 'infamous pope,' as he is called in history, Alexander VI.,Šgranted him a 