356 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Christianity is the religion established by law, the difficulty to which we refer is not felt, since the doctrines of the established church then supply the criterion which is sought; but with us it can readily be shown that the difficulty is not merely real and serious, but insurmountable. Š.4 Sandford' s Superior Court Reports, pp. 181, 1871. All of, this Judge Cooley confirms in these words :Š It is frequently said that Christianity, is a part of the law of the land. . . . But the law does not attempt to enforce the precepts of Christianity on the ground of their sacred character or divine origin. Some of these precepts, though we may admit their continual and universal obligation, we must nevertheless recognize as being incapable of enforcement by human laws. That standard of morality which requires one to love his neighbor as himself, we must admit is too elevated to be ac-cepted by human tribunals as the proper test by which to judge the conduct of the citizen; and one could hardly be held responsible to the criminal laws, if in goodness of heart and spontaneous charity he fell something short of the good Samar-itan. The precepts of Christianity, moreover, affect the heart and address themselves to the con-science; while the laws of the State can regard the outward conduct only ; and for these several reasons Christianity is not a part of the law of the land in any sense which entitles the courts to take notice of and base their judgments upon it, except so far as they can find that its precepts and prin-ciples have been incorporated in and made a com-ponent part of the positive laws of the State.ŠConstitutional Limitations, p. 584. 3. This provision of the Constitution of Tennessee is a part of the title, " Bill of Rights." Now another principle of law and government is, thatŠ Everything in the declaration of rights contained, is excepted out of the general powers of govern-ment, and all laws contrary thereto shall be void. Š Mem., p. 46. As, therefore, the " Declaration of Rights " of the State of Tennessee has provided that " no preference shall ever be given by law to any religious establish-ment or mode of worship; as all matters of conscience, religion, and worship are thereby " excepted out of the general powers of government; " and as " all laws contrary thereto shall be void," it is clearly demonstrated that the preference given to Christianity as by common law in the State of Tennessee, is void. There is yet another defect in this theory that Christianity is part of the common law. The theory is drawn from the English courts. But " even in Eng-land, Christianity was never considered as a part of the common law so far as that for a violation of its injunctions, in-dependent of the established laws of man, and without the sanction of any positive act of Parliament made to enforce these injunctions, any man could be drawn to answer in a common law court," as was done in this case by the courts of the State of Tennessee. But Judge Hammond himself goes even further than this, and in a communica-tion printed in the Appeal-Avalanche, Aug. 30, 1891, shows that in one of the latest cases in England the Lord Chief Justice pronounced former expressions that Christianity is part of the law of the land, as dicta, and not true now." True enough ! It is not true now, and it never was true by any principle of jus-tice or right. We have not space here to go into the details of this matter. It must suffice here simply to observe that it was introduced by fraud, it was established by falsehood, and it has been perpetuated by imposture. And query : As it is " not true now" in England that Christianity is part of the law of the land, how can it be true that it is true now in Tennessee, which professedly derives the doctrine from England ? And further and doubly, Row can it be true now in Tennessee in.  face of the State Constitution, which ex-pressly prohibits it in the declaration that no human authority can in any case whatever control or interfere with the rights of conscience; and no preference shall ever be given by law to any religious establishment or mode of worship ?" Thus it is demonstrated by the living principles of American law and govern-ment, that the procedure of the Tennessee courts in the case of Mr. King instead of being of absolute authority, as the United States Circuit Court decided, is absolutely void and of no valid authority at all. And the demonstration is complete, the de-cision of the United States Circuit Court to the contrary, notwithstanding, that King, and Dortch, and Moon, and Stem and Lowry, were deprived of their liberty and property " WITHOUT DUE PROCESS OF LAW." A. T. J. Are Sunday Laws Religious?ŠThe Ł Courts so Declare. IT is urged by certain writers in favor of Sunday legislation, that the Sunday laws have nothing to do with the day as a religious institution; that they deal with the civil Sabbath " only, etc. While it is true that great diversity is shown in the various " decisions " by which the courts make more law than the statutes do, it is also true that much of this court-made law upholds Sunday on the most positively religious grounds, as the follow-ing will show. The Sunday laws of the United States grew out of the English laws. In 1824, an English judge rendered his decision in the following words :Š It seems to me that the object of the statute was to prevent persons keeping open shop and. dis-regarding the decency, of the Lord's day by the public show of their ordinary trades and occupa-tions. Littledale J., in Bloxsome vs. Williams, 5 D. & R., 82. A. similar decision was made in the State of New York, in 1811, in which Judge Kent said of the Sunday law :Š The statute has, for over a century, recognized the sanctity of the obligation and punished its violators. Ruggle's case, 8 Johns 290. In 1834 a learned judge in the same State spoke of " the public order and solemnity of the day." Boynton vs. Page, 12 Wend., N. Y., 57. Still later and stronger were the words of a judge in 1859, who declared that the Sunday law of New York "explicitly rec-ognizes the first day of the week as holy time; and, thus, it has brought us back to the full, enlarged and absolute rule of in-terdiction, which we find prevailed in the earliest laws of Christian States, and which the construction of the statute of Charles II, has tended somewhat to nar-row and impair." Campbell vs. Interna-tional Soc,, 4 Bos., N. Y., 298. Another court, in 1882 recognized the religious characters of the laws as fol-lows :Š Is it not obvious that, by reason of keeping a store open for business, a temptation is presented to those who have no regard for Sunday as holy time, to violate the law ? Anonymous, 12 Abb. N. C. (N. Y.), 455. Pennsylvania has always held to the re-ligious character of her Sunday law, and has always refused to recognize the rights of those who keep the Sabbath to be free from its penalties; hence it is not sur-prising to read in the reports of Jean-delle's- case (3 Phil. 509) the decision of a Pennsylvania judge that " the day [Sun-day] is clothed with peculiar sanctity." In the case of Moore vs. Hagan, 2 Duv.  437 (1866), two statutes of Kentucky are contrasted, the decision stating that "one applied to Sunday as sacred, and the other to holidays as secular." The same idea is set forth in Iowa, Davis vs. Fish, Green 406, (1848), 'when it is stated that Sunday is "sacred, set apart for rest by the voice of wisdom, experience and neces-sity." In a North Carolina decision the Sun-day law is alluded to as follows: " All religious and moral codes permit works of necessity and charity on their sacred days." Rickets case, 74 N. C., 184, (1876). Stronger still is the statement of a decision in the State of Georgia, Ghol-ston vs. Gholston, 31 Ga., 625, (1860), wherein it is said: "All courts should ab-stain from the transaction of ordinary business on this holy day," and again : " In every form, by all the different au- thorities in this State, by its organic laws, its civil and criminal code, and by every judicial decision upon the question,Šthe Sabbath is regarded as the Lord's day, and it is protected from violation by so many guards, that the courts should not be allowed to invade its sanctity, and in so doing make a record to be read by all men, in all time." Bass vs. Irwin, 49 Ga., 436. In the case of Weldon, (62 Ga., 449) Sunday as the Lord's day is de-clared to be a holy day. One class of decisions recognizes the power of the State to consecrate Sunday, thus enunciating the doctrine of a union of religion and the State, and essentially of Church and State. Speaking on this point, Ringgold says:Š There are cases which hold that its sanctification was accomplished by statute. Thus, one reason given for " separating " the day as a " holy " one in Massachusetts is' the fact that the legislative power has exacted the observance of it as such. Pearce vs. Atwood, 13 Mass., 324. And Judge Kent assures us that, in New York, "the statute for preventing immorality consecrates the first day of the week as holy time." People vs. Ruggles, 8 Johns, 290, (1811). Judge Robertson of Kentucky, speaks of the .law in his State as "the statute consecrating the Sabbath," (Moore, vs. Hagan,2 Duv., 437), and so in Georgia courts ad magistrates are to re-gard Sunday as the Lord's day " as a mat-ter of mere law, irrespective of religious obligation and duty." Weldon's case, 62 Ga., 449 (1879). (Sunday, Legal Aspects, etc., p. 34.) If this power of the State be conceded, the full doctrine of the union of Church and State is established. If the State can " consecrate " a day, it can a place, or a person, a building, or an altar. If stat-ute law can make one thing holy and require men thus to consider it, we have returned to the original pagan conception that religion is a department of the civil government, and any disregard of the State regulations concerning sacred things must be punished under the civil law as other crimes against person or property are. This is civil religion in extenso. But we have also another class of deci-sions which declare that Sunday is sacred by divine authority. These conflicting views sometimes appear in decisions under the same statute, and in the same com-monwealth. Instance : Judge Allen, of New York, holds that the province of the statute is to recognize and enforce regard for a holiness which already exists. These are his words :Š It does not detract from the moral or legal sanc-tion of the, law of the State that it conforms to the law of God, as that law is recognized by the great 