" Corrupted freemen are the -worst of slaves." VOLUME L OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, MARCH, 1886. NUMBER 3. Entered at the Post-office  in Oakland. Ł HUMAN nature is such that whenever theo-logical creeds are incorporated with political constitutions, and church and State united, it results in evil, and I point to the whole history of England and the continental nations as ex-amples illustrating the fact.ŠRev. A. S. Leonard. An Important Truth. THE following expression we copy from a publication of some years ago:Š "The standard of religion and morality will be elevated in the churches when the ministry recognize the fact that all religious institutions must be subjects of voluntary action, and should never be enforced by civil law. Civil law ought to protect all religious bodiesŠnot one more than anotherŠin their worship. This every State should be willing to do; and this is enough for any State to do." These are words of truth, and are applicable at all times. To vary from this line of action is to pervert the State from its true policy and object; is to trample on the rights of some and to unduly exalt those of others. The Truth in the Case. A JEWISH Rabbi, Rev. Dr. Sonneschein, pub-lished in the St. Louis Daily Globe his ideas of this Religious Amendment movement, from which we quote as follows:Š "These 'reformers' would quarrel and fight, setting parent against child and child against parent. They would drive us headlong into the fierce and bloody wars which were wit-nessed in the Middle Ages in the old countries ŠFrance, England, and Germany. In addi-tion to ecclesiastical rivalry and religious fanat-icism, they would arouse the unrelenting hatred of political antagonism. Suppose the Catholic clergy in France, where there is a greater Catholic majority than there is Protestant ma-jority here, were to go into council to amend the French Constitution according to their views, what would their Protestant brethren think of it?" They would think that France was going back to the Dark Ages and to a revival of the Inquisition. Recent events have proved that our country may be thrown into war as easily as any other, and the people will do well to be warned in time, and not be swayed by religious zealots whose zeal is " not according to knowl- edge." Policy of the -New Government Outlined. IN the leading article of the first number of the SENTINEL there were pointed out some things which of necessity must be done if ever the Religious Amendment of the Constitution is rendered effective. It .was there noticed that the court is constituted the judge and ex-ponent of the law; and if any disagreement arises as to the meaning of the law, or as to what constitutes a misdemeanor in the prem-ises, the court is the authority, and the sole au-thority, to which appeal must be made. And, therefore, if a question arises as to what is or what is not Christian law, usage, or institution, it must be determined by a court of justice! There is no disputing this conclusion. And yet it is a conclusion which ought to startle every one who contemplates such a change in our Government as would make such a pro- ceeding possible. Again, attention was called to the fact that everybody's construction of the Bible cannot be enforced, and therefore there must be a selec- tion as to what shall be enforced. We have not tip remotest idea, neither has any one who favors the amendment, that the literal reading of the Bible will be preferred to some theolog- ical teachings concerning the Bible. We sug-gested that this would not be left altogether to the determination of a civil court; such ques-tions might be referred to an ecclesiastical court. But that would make no difference as to the grand result. No matter what were the nature of the court by which such questions should be decided, the fact would still remain that the subject of Christian faith and practice would be removed from the domain of individual con- science, and placed in the hands of a legal tri-bunal which shall decide what is and what is not Christian faith and practiceŠwhat we may and what we may not believe and practice as professed Christians! We are more than surprised that there is such a persistent denial on the part of the amendmentists that the success of their project would produce a union of church and State. No one denies that there was a union of church and State when Constantine legalized Chris- tianity as the leading religion of the empire. But the church did not control the State under Constantine. Professor Blanchard, in the Pitts- burg National Convention, said:Š "Union of church and State is the selection by the nation of one church, the endowment of such a church, the ?appointment of its officers, and oversight of its doctrines." That is exactly what was done by Constan- tine. But ask any one to point to the sad con-sequences of the union of church and State, and he would not point to the time of Constan-tine. He would point to after-centuries, when the church assumed the supremacy over the civil power, and controlled its decisions and its actions. Now if we can prove that it is the design of the promoters of this movement that just such a relation shall exist between the ec- clesiastical and civil powers in this land, then all their disclaimers are shown to be made in ignorance of what constitutes the most odious form of church and State, or else are made with the intention to deceive. In an article in the first number of the SEN-TINEL the words of Rev. J. W. Foster were quoted, as published in the Christian Statesman in March, 1884, as follows:Š "According to the Scriptures, the State and its sphere exist for the sake of and to serve the interests of the church." This proposition we most emphatically deny. But it was further shown by the same article, that they teach that it is,Š "The duty of the State, as such, to enter into alliance with the church of Christ, and to profess, adhere to, defend, and maintain the true religion." If in these utterances there is not outlined a complete union of church and State, then we affirm that such a union never yet existed. But we will give a further installment of their expressed intentions in regard to the re-lation of the churches to the civil power. In an article by Rev. J. C. K. Milligan, an earnest advocate of this Religious Amendment, which was published in the Christian Statesman, Feb. 21, 1884, we find the following language:Š "If our nation will accept God as the source of all authority, Christ Jesus as the nation's king, and his law as of supreme authority over them, its creed is orthodox. The theological questions referred to do not belong to the na-tion as a civil organism, nor to our movement, which iss a civil and not an ecclesiastical one; the churches must settle these questions among themselves and with each other, and at least we will not allow the civil Government to decide between them, and to ordain church doctrines, ordinances, and laws." Here we have the boldest avowal of that which we have suggested would be the possible or probable relation of the Government to questions of theology. The churches will not allow the civil Government to decide upon or settle theological questions; they will decide all that. But it is the sphere of the Government "to serve the interests of the church." and to "adhere to, defend, and maintain the true relig-ion;" the churches having decided what is the Tte etin2eFical2 geearl. PUBLISHED MONTHLY, BY TIM PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, OAKLAND, CAL. 