378 AIDE   I1-4. CA1N-  SIENT  VoL. 8, No. 48. Sin. In order to do this with the greatest effectiveness it became necessary to coun-terfeit the law of God. To be guilty of the infraction of a part of the law is suffi-cient to bring the transgressor under the penalty of disobedience to the law, there-fore it was not necessary to change the entire law but only that portion which might serve as a distinctive mark of alle-giance: In order, then, to affix this mark upon mankind, all the skill and subtlety and power of the master of all deceivable-ness would be used. The results attend-ing the progress of the great deception thus far show this to be so. Subtlety and deceptive persuasion have accomplished much, but now, as the time of Satan among men shortens, it is as natural as it is prophetic that he should come with power to exercise compulsion and strive thus to brand upon men's hands and fore-heads the sign of allegiance to him, which shall be the evidence of their obedience to him and transgression of the law of God, --making them fellow-earners, with him-self, ,of the second death, the wages of unrepented sin. This is the secret of all attempted exer-cise of the civil power in the enforcement of religion. It is impossible, in the nature of things, that there could be any other purpose in the use of force in the further-ance of religion. Therefore, to yield obe-dience to civil power as of authority in the things of God is to transgress God's laW, to' 'sin and earn again the wages of sin; and, having written in the heart the law,  of {the deceiver instead of the law of GA the character will conform to the character of Satan instead of the character of God. Thus comes unrighteousness and companionship with Satan in the second-death, instead of righteousness and companionship with Christ in eternal life. This as the purpose of the exercise of satanic power in the civil enforcement of religion, for, of those who yield allegi-ance; it is saidŠ" The same shall drink otthe wine of the wrath of God." W. H. M. Sunday Arrests in Georgia. A LAST page note in last week's SENTINEL gave, very briefly, the facts concerning the arrest of two Seventh-day Adventists in Gainesville, Ga., for Sunday work. The following letter gives the facts more fully :Š Gainesville, Hall Co., Ga., Nov. 23, 1893. EDITORS AMERICAN SENTINEL: Another time the enemy of all righteousness is stirred up and we have another case of. religious persecution to report. Last Sunday morning, Nov. 19, Eld. W. A. Mc Cutchen and myself, having some work to do making a few school seats, table, etc., took our bench into the rear of our new church and school building in this place, and as quietly as possible went about our work. We worked all the forenoon and had just begun again in the afternoon, when a policeman and another man came up and watched us through the windows for several minutes. We kept right on with our work. They went back to town. Then three other men came and looked in while I was there working alone, Brother Mc Cutchen having gone to his house. In a little while the policeman who bad been there returned, another one with him, and arrested us both ; took us to the mayor's office where we gave bond to ap-pear at mayor's court, at 10 A. M., yesterday. We appeared on time and were tried for " disor-derly conduct." I have not the ordinance as it reads but in substance it forbids loud or indecent language, hallooing, fighting, quarrelling, or at-tempting to quarrel, etc. The city has no Sunday law at all. But under the above ordinance we were-convicted-and fined $50 each and costs, $5, or 90 days on the streets. We did not have the money to paythe fines, and would not have paid them had webadit, Accordingly we were taken to the cala- boose and locked up. Friends immediately went to work to appeal the case to a higher court and get us out for a time. It was difficult work as the feel-ing was very strong against us and the mayor would make no concessions. Finally a lawyer took up our case and made arrangements to let us out under bond till January, when it will be brought before the Superior Court. So this case is continued till then. Just before the mayor gave his opinion, a lawyer, claiming to represent the State, asked that we be bound over to the County Court for Sabbath-break-ing; a separate case entirely. So when we came out of jail yesterday evening we had to give bond for appearance at court this morning to answer the above charge. We went and asked for the case to be continued till the next term of the same court. This the judge refused to do. We will now demand an indictment by the Grand Jury which will neces-sarily cause the case to be continued till the next term, which will be in February. What the result will be of course we don't know, except thisŠthe Lord's will will be done, his name glorified, and his cause advanced. We are all of good courage and rejoicing in the Lord, glad that we are accounted worthy to suffer for his name. Yours truly, E. C. KECK. The ordinance under which they were' arrested and convicted is as follows:Š SECTION 268, (adopted Oct. 22, 1891). Any per-son or persons who shall use loud, boisterous, insult-ing, or obscene language, or who shall curse, or swear, or attempt to raise a quarrel, or who shall act in a disorderly or violent manner, or who shall fight, quarrel, halloo, or make any unnecessary noise within the corporate limits of this city, calcu-lated to disturb the peace, quiet, or good order of the city or any citizen, shall be guilty of disorderly conduct, and upon conviction shall be punished as prescribed by Section 68. SEC. 68 provides for a fine of not more than $100 and costs, or ninety days in jail or on the streets. It does not seem that under this ordi-nance a, conviction for disorderly conduct will hold in the higher courts, when it ap-pears that the real " offense " was working on Sunday; but for that "crime" the statutes of that State provide an " ade-quate " penalty. The. Georgia Code of 1882, and the decisions under it so far as they relate to Sunday observance, are as follows :Š SEC. 3614 (3537), (3554). Sundays and holidays shall in no case be included in the computation of the time within which an appeal shall be entered (except that holidays are included in the computa-tion in cases of appeals from Justices' Courts). DECISIONS. ŠWhen Sunday not counted. 12 Ga. 93. Not so as to Sunday in the thirty days which bills of exceptions to be certified and signed by the judge. 14 Ga. 122. Sunday not counted in the five days sheriff allowed for serving writs. 23 Oa- 49. Advertisement of tax sale in Sunday paper illegal, and sale thereunder passes no title. Sawyer v. Corgile, 72 Ga. 290. If draft, accepted and deliv-ered on Sunday, but dated day before, comes to hands of one who does not know the fact, he can enforce it. Harrison v. Powers, 76 Ga. 218. SEC. 3274 (3207), (3196). Attachments may issue and be levied on Sunday when the plaintiff, his agent or attorney-at-law, shall swear, in addition to the oath prescribed by this code, that he has reason to apprehend the loss of the debt, unless process of attachment do issue on Sunday, and shall also comply with the other provisions of this code in relation to issuing attachments. SEC. 4535 (4461), (4420). Any person who shall be guilty of open lewdness, or any notorious act of public indecency tending to debauch the morals, or of keeping open tippling houses on the Sabbath day or Sabbath night, shall, on conviction, be pun-ished as prescribed in section 4310 of this code. DECISIONS ŠJury are to decide whether place was a tippling house, and kept open on Sunday. 19 Ga. 426. Plea for former conviction in the City Court of Atlanta against the same charge in the Superior Court. 53 Ga. 448. Where part of a tip-pling house used as a bedroom, yet the door must be kept closed on Sunday. 65 Ga. 568. House where the "Albany Glee Club" met and drank on Sunday, held a tippling house. 63 Ga. 319. Chief Justice Jackson, in deciding what constituted the 'opening of a liquor shop on Sunday, said (69 Ga. 54): 'The door on the, street through the bar and office room into the restaurant was kept open to the extent that any visitor had only to push it and go in, and tipple in the restaurant. The counter, where on other days tippling could. be done, was covered by canvas from the ceiling to the floor, so as to be invisible itself, and to conceal the bottles on shelves behind, and on it in brazen letters was the announcement, "bar closed," and all the drink-ing was carried on in the rear and restaurant room. This fact, that the ostrich thus hid his head in the sand, and thereby imagined that his body was all covered too, is absolutely assigned as the legal reason why he was not visible to the keen eye of the law, which penetrates and despises all sub-terfuge and deceit! But one witness, though the canvas tried to hide the' bird's head, actually did see, poked out through a sort of aperture or window, the bill or beak which let out the liquor from the bar to the servants in the restaurant. So that the -foolish bird did not even keep all his head hid all the time. It makes no difference in law whether the place be called a barroom or a glee club resort, or a parlor or a restaurant, if it be a place where liquor is retailed and tippled on the Sabbath day, with a door to get into, so kept that anybody can push it open, and go in and drink, the proprietor of it is guilty of keeping open a tippling house on Sunday." Ala. Law J., Oct. 18, 1884. SEC. 4578 (4492), (4450). If any freight train (ex-cursion train, or other trains than the regular trains run for the carrying of the mails and passen-gers) shall be run on any railroad in this State on the .abbath day (known as Sunday), the superin-tendent of transportation of such railroad company, or the officer having charge of the business of that department of the railroad, shall be liable to in-dictment for a misdemeanor in each county through which such train shall pass, and, on conviction, shall be for each offense punished as prescribed in section 4310 of this code. On such trial it shall not be necessary to allege or prove the names of any of the employes engaged on such train, but the simple fact of the train being run. The defendant may justify himself by proof that such employes acted in direct violation of the orders and rules of the defendant; provided always, that whenever any train on any railroad in this. State, having in such train one or more cars loaded with live stock, which train shall be delayed beyond schedule time, shall not be required to lay over on the line of road or route during Sunday, but may run on to the point where by due course of shipment or consignment, the next stock-pen on the route may be, where said animals may be fed and watered, according to the facilities usually afforded for such transportation. And it shall be lawful for all freight trains on the different railroads in this State, running over said roads on Saturday night to run through to destina-tion; provided, the time of arrival, according to the schedule by which the train or trains started on the trip, shall not be later than eight o'clock on Sunday morning. SEC. 4579 (4493), (4451). Any tradesman, artificer, workman or laborer, or other person whatever, who shall pursue their business or work of their ordinary callings upon the Lord's day (works of necessity and charity only excepted), shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and, on conviction, shall be punished as prescribed in section 4310 of this code. SEC. 4580. Any person or persons who shall hunt any kind of game with gun or dogs, or both, on the Sabbath day, shall be guilty of a misde-meanor, and, on conviction, shall be punished as prescribed in section 4310 of this code. SEC. 4581 (4494). Any person who shall bathe in any stream or pond of water on the Sabbath day, in view of any road or passway leading to or from any house of religious worship, shall be considered guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be fined in a sum not exceeding $500, or imprisoned in the common jail of the county, at the discretion of the court, not exceeding six months. SEC. 4582 (4459), (4452). All moneys arising from fines imposed for offenses, the gist of which consist in their being committed on the Sabbath day, shall be paid to the ordinary of the county, to be by him distributed for the purpose of establishing and promoting Sabbath-schools in the country. SEC. 4310. Accessories after the fact, except where it is otherwise ordered in this code, shall be punished by a fine not to exceed $1,000, imprison-ment not to exceed six months, to work in the chain-gang on the public works or on such other works as the county authorities may employ the chain-gang, not to exceed twelve months, and any one or more of these punishments may be ordered at the discretion of the judge; provided, that noth-ing herein contained shall authorize the giving the control to private persons, or their employment by the county authorities in such mechanical pur-suits as will bring the products of their labor into competition with the products of free labor. SEC. 4814. In all cases where persons are con-victed of misdemeanor, and senik-nced to wprk in the chain-gang on the public works, or public roads, or when such persons are confined in jail for non-payment of fines imposed for such misde-meanor, the ordinary of the county, and where there is a board of commissioners of roads and revenues of the counties, then said board of com-missioners, and in those counties where there is a 