"Corrupted freemen are the worst of slaves." ,VOLUME 2. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, SEPTEMBER, 1887. NUMBER 9. 12e Arr2eitioaR geRtii2e1. PUBLiSILED MONTHLY, BY run 1..:PAC1FIC PRESS PUBLISHING HOUSE, °ALAND, CAL. It. 'J. IN'Aunonut,  EDITORS. .41.01,12.0 T. jorms, J. E. WAGGONER, CORRESPONDING EDITOR. Entered eit the Peet-office in OaklaiuL THE A.laierican people have only to apply the principle avowed by Mr. Madison to our -public schools, and this would be the end of ;the whole discussion on the subject. The ,conclusion would be that, as a State agency to attain certain temporal ends,,  the public school haS nothing to do with religion, and yeligion nothing to do with it. The govern-ment employing it has no religion to teach, not being a government for Christians any more than for Deists, or for Protestants any more than for :Catholics. It is not its busi-ness, as a government, to affirm or deny, to teach or support, any religious system.ŠSam-uel T. Spear, D. D. THE tithe question is making no small stir in Wales. The case stands thus: The Church of England being a State church, derives its income from the country, just the same as the general Government. The tithe, is the tax which, the church imposes for the support of its ministers. Now many of the farmers of Wales are dissenters, and while they may be willing: to give even more than a tithe for the support of the gospel, they do not wish to be forced to pay,: nor to pay tithe at all for a religious establishment with which they have no sympathy. Accordingly the English Gov-ernment proceeds to sell their property for delinqUent church taxes, and the farmers rebel. The same thing would be done in this Country if the National Reformers had their scheme in running order. Everybody, Jew, Gentile, and Christian, would be compelled to pay for the support of the ministers of the State religion, just as they now have to pay for the support of the civil Government. While all men ought to help support the Government which protects them, no man ought to be compelled to contribute for the support of any religion. And the injustice is increased when the support' is 'demanded of one who is not in sympathy with the ecclesi-astical' establishment. But justice in any particular is not to be expected when religion is:made a matter of politics. A Principle to Be Remembered. AN editorial in the Christian Nation of October 27, 1886, on " The Henry George Movement," contained the following sensible remarks:Š " Let those who feel tempted to vote for George remember that at its commencement the French Revolution was inspired by ideas much more moderate than those of George, and that its early heroes were greater and bet-ter men than he. Yet these men could not control the rebellious spirit which they had aroused, and soon fell victims to its fury. A very ordinary person may be the means of stirring up class jealousy and hatred, but no man can control the masses when once satu-rated with that feeling, or tell what horrors they may commit before their passions are satiated or their power to do evil can be checked." These words are worthy of careful consider-ation. In truth, Henry George is an Anarch-ist under a very flimsy disguise. In a speech recently given near the place of this writing, he disavowed the intention to confiscate the titles now held to lands. He would only con-fiscate the rent or use of them ! The man who has toiled to obtain and improve a farm may be graciously permitted to retain his deed; but others shall be at liberty to use the land at their will, without any recompense to him whose labor made it available and valu-able. You may retain the title to the house you built, but you may not claim any special right to its use. But the fact is well known that they who use property for which they never toiled, especially if they have no dispo-sition to toil, use it recklessly. A house which would last many years in the care and use of its builder, who has a freehold right to it, would last but a few years under the care or neglect of one who never toiled for it, and could have no special right to it. He might soon be dispossessed by one stronger than he, and all incentive to preserve property would be taken away. And when it was destroyedŠwhen there was a general wreck of the usable property first confiscatedŠwho would furnish the next supply ? But it is not the land that these Anarchists want; it is the avails of other people's labors. There is a vast amount of land in the domain of the United States, open to them to possess if they want it. But they do not want that land. It will take labor and pains to make it usable and available, and labor is the very thing which they are determined to avoid. They want that which has been rendered valuable and available by the toil of others. Theirs is the spirit of theft and robbery under another name. But their plan would prove  more disastrous than ordinary stealing; it would not only take your property without leave or remuneration, it would prevent your accumulating any more. It would destroy all property rights, upon which society and Governments are established. The first gen-eration of Anarchists might thrive for a while upon their ill-gotten gains, but their children would have to return to honest labor or starve. But there is another class of Anarchists which we must notice in order to faithfully apply the principle involved in the quotation we have made. They would indignantly' re-ject the name, yet they are easily identified. These are speculators. While they fear the ravages of more violent Anarchists than them-selves, they are yet practical Anarchists. They set the bad example of taking the avails of the labors of others without rendering any equivalent. They appropriate means for which they.never laboredŠwhich they never earned. There are men who roll in wealth, who boast of their millions, who never spent a day in honest toil to accumulate their posses-sions. They speculated in stocks, or, may be, in the necessaries of life; they manipulated the means for which others labored, without adding one penny to its value, or giving a penny in return for it. What is this hut an example to Anarchists, an incentive to the reckless and violent to forcibly take from them the abundance which they have fraudu-lently taken from others. These men are so blinded by selfishness that they do not know that they are the insti-gators of anarchy. Their wrong has been done so quietly, so peacefully, that, to them, it does not seem possible that it should lead to the disruption of society. But they must see that there is a growing restlessness over this state of things, and when it breaks forth the result will be fearful. And they need not think that the cause is not sufficient to pro-duce-such a result. These are the very things which arouse the jealonSies and the fiercest passions of the recklessŠwhich stir up the spirit of anarchy. One man may start a stone at the top of a mountain, which all the world cannot stay in its progress of destruction. A Child may make an opening in a dam, which soon becomes a torrent which no human power can check. But we would have it distinctly understood that we do -not use the word 81,celdator as synonymous with capitalist. The enterprising, public-spirited capitalist is a boon to any country. In his sphere he is as necessary to the growth and improvement of the country, 