AMERICAN SENTINEL. 35 quirements of the law; no one shall be allowed to do any work, either public or private, on Sunday, without being subject to prosecution. But when the prosecu-tion has been, put through its whole, course, then he may be exempt from the penalty, provided he has ful-filled all the requirements of "the usual exemption," which are that he shall "believe in," and "conscientiously believe in," and "conscientiously believe in" and "regu-larly" observe, and "conscientiously believe in" and "religiously" observe, another day than Sunday; and provided the work which was done was a "work of reli-gion," or a work of "real necessity and mercy, or such private work as does neither interfere with the general rest nor with public worship." This is also certain, because it is already a settled rule of the courts: that the burden of proof lies on him who claims the exemption; and also because Mrs. Bate-ham, speaking for the N. W. C. T. U., said that "unless they could prove that the work had not been to the dis-turbance of others, it would be impossible for them" to have the benefit of the exemption. And such is "the usual exemption for those who keep the Sabbath day." By the official and representa-tive statement of the N: W. C. T. U., we know that such is "the usual exemption for those who keep the Sabbath day." And that such is its exact operation was stated by Mrs. Tomlinson, in the late national convention at Seattle, and can be confirmed by the actual experience of nearly a hundred cases in the courts of several States within the last few years. What, then, is "the usual exemption for those who keep the Sabbath day" worth, which the N. W. C. T. U. has put itself on record as favoring?ŠIt is not worth the paper that it is written on. It is a delusion and a snare to all who favor it. We do not say that the women of the W. C. T. U. understand that all this is in the usual exemption; but that is exactly what is in it, whether they understand it or not. And we write this simply that they and all may understand what is in it. A. T. J. Two Ways of Promoting Civilization. By Rev. C. H. Parkhurst. To PROMOTE civilization by the use of swords and artillery is false to the word, example and life of Jesus Christ and of all his apostles, and alien to the entire genius of Christianity. If you say to that that there are places in the world where Christianity has sprung up as an aftergrowth of the military conquestŠundoubt-edly; but that does not alter anything so far as it re-lates to the point I have just made. It does not relieve filthy soil that flowers grow out of it. God is all the time doing that thing. It was indispensable to our  Lord's mission that Judas should betray him, but that didn't help Judas any. Or, you may claim that thepowder-and-shot method of extending civilization is more feasible, works with greater promptness. A Krupp gun does quick execu-tion; a missionary and a Bible are slow. I do not dis-pute that. . . . Thousands of ministers have practi-cally been confessing to the world these last twelve months that Christ's way of saving the world will not work, and that when Paul said that the weapons of our warfare are not carnal he stated a principle that he would have recanted if he had lived longer and known more. . . . I should be sorry to have to conclude that the gospel is inadequate without gunpowder to support it, and when I do conclude that I shall stop-preaching out of respectŠat least, I shall stop calling myself a preacher of the gospel. "Without the Constitution." A YEAR ago Harper's Weekly regarded with the greatest disfavor the suggestion that the United States would govern the island possessions without the Con-stitution. This, because such a suggestion was fraught-with peril to all true constitutional government in this nation. Within the year 1899, however, Harper's Weekly was completely revolutionized. Accordingly, in next to the last number for that year the Weekly takes positive ground in favor of the United States governing all her island possessions.without the Constitution. It is in-teresting to notice this position which is new ground for the nation in her governing. Citing an admittedly questionable application of a Supreme Court decision, the Weekly says: "We have never been able to see why this decision does not neces-sarily sustain the contention that Congre:.:, with the President's consent, or over his veto, may establish any government it pleases over a Territory, without regard to the limitation of the Constitution." This conclusion the Weekly then supports by a cita-tion from another decision of the Supreme CourtŠthe decision by which the property of the Mormon Church corporation was confiscated by the United States Gov-ernmentŠwhich at the time it was rendered we showed in these columns was positively a monarchical decision: a decision which in principle made the United States Government a monarchy. See AMERICAN SENTINEL, Vol, 6, p.147 (A. D. 1891).,  From that monarchical, absolutest decision, Har-per's Weekly quotes thus:Š "Doubtless Congress, in legislating for the Territo-ries, would be subject to those fundamental limitations in favor of personal rights which are formulated in the Constitution and its amendments; but these limitations would exist rather by inference and the general spirit of 