AMERICAN SENTINEL. Sunday Laws, "Disturbance," and "Nuisance. By James T. Ringgold, of the Baltimore Bar. THERE is a general agreement about loud noises, bad odors, explosives, etc., etc., as nuisances, because they interfere with phySical comfort or safety. And so the law embodies a Consensus that, for physical reasons%  having regard to a change in physical conditions, some things may be branded as nuisances,both by civil and criminal law if done at night, which would not be so if done by day. But in, the case of all these things, the standard of damages is the same for all classes of per-sons. Bad odors are frequently more objectionable to one person than to another; loud noises are distracting to some, matters of indifference to others; the proximity of explosives will alarm many, while a few will laugh at their terror. Of all these varying dispositions, these grades of emotional sensitiveness, the law takes no not ice, because, as said, to measure and judge of them is beyond its power. Applying this principle to injuries to religious emo-tions or sentiments, we see at once that they are beyond the reach of law. There are Christians whose religious sentiments are shocked by the erection of a Jewish syna-gogue, and even more so by the building of a church for any other denomination of Christians than their own. But the law has no balm for their wounds. And the want of this general consensus respecting religious exer-cises;even if it were posSible for the law to determine what are such, and even if their requirement of special police conditions were conceded, is an all-sufficient reason for the law's declining to give them greater consideration than it gives to exercises of any other sort. At present there are many who say that all j'eligious exercises are a sheer Waste of time. There have always been thousands who have considered, that Unless the ex-ercises are conducted under certain auspices, they are considerably worse than a sheer waste of time. Between these varying opinions the law has neither the jurisdic-tion nor the means to decide; and therefore it confines self to "keeping the peace" at all times, and allowing every citizen to_indulge at all times in any sort of exer-cise not incompatible therewith, and to call it religious or by any other name according to his own will. Now, as already observed, the courts never miss the point in this connection except when they come to deal with Sun-day laws. But the principle is just as applicable to Sunday laws as anywhere else. And its result when ap-plied to these laws is to prove that they cannot be sus-tained as measures for the protection of religious ex-ercises. But, in truth. the construction judicially given to the Sunday laws when they are sustained on religious grounds, refutes the assumption that they have any nec-essary connection with the question of religious meetings or private or domestic religious exercises. Of course, if their object were to provide certain police conditions re-quired for such meetings or exercises, the fact that no  such meeting was going on in the neighborhood, or was actually interfered with, and that no such exercises on the part of any person were interrupted, would be a con- clusive defense for the doing of an act on Sunday which might be done on other days. But the irrelevancyŁ of the question whether meetings or exercises have really been interfered with by Sunday activity, is judicially settled by the view taken of, the nature of that right which Sunday laws are held necessary to protect, and of the disturbance against which they are designed to guard. One of the definitions of "to disturb" given by Web-ster is, "to agitate the mind," and he adds that the mind is disturbed by envy. This is an excellent illustra-tion for the purpose. A mere emotion may disturb,Šno sensation or perception of any kind is necessary. What-ever tends to awaken or kindle that emotion is the pro-ducer of a disturbance. The voluntary Sunday idler is thus disturbed by another's Sunday work, though he neither sees nor hears it. It weighs down his mind if he knows that it is going on. This knowledge arouses in him an emotion which,it must be admitted is inconsistent with his use of the day for religious profit, being ninety per cent. 'pure malice. The disturbance done to him we are toldŠand rightly told in the last citationŠgrows out of his conviction that for another person to work or. Sunday is "a breach of God's law and a violation, of the party's own religious duty.",- William's Case, 4 Ire., 400. And it is evident that the disturbance produced by the conviction that a party is guilty of such conduct be-yond the reach of the Brownist's sight or hearing is quite as great when he is not engaged in any religious exer-cises, alone or in company, as when his "serviees" are actually in progress. Nay, it must be the greater when he is otherwise altogether unoccupied, because then he is able to concentrate his whole energies On the reflection that, at the other end of the town, say, somebody is doing what the Brownist does not think he ought to do on Sunday. And this reflection cannot be otherwise than disquieting to a Brownist, the vital essence of whose mental life is the fixed belief that it is his business to set other people straigh t, and the feeling that the dignity and authority of Deity itself are insulted and defied by the perverse people who decline to be set straight according to the gospel of the BrOwnist. Plainly enough, it is the disturbance of himself by this disquieting reflection which the Brownist voluntary idler wants a Sunday law to prevent. But we must not omit to notice an ingenious attempt to establish the po-sition that the real purpose of the law is to prevent the disturbance of the non-Brownist involuntary idler. The words, "to the'disturbance of others," are added, to the prohibitions of work and labor in some of the statutes. They first appeared in the New Hampshire Sunday law. In construing them, the court adhered rigidly to the re-ligious view of the statute, but adopted an entirely new view of its purpose. It considered that the object of 