AMERICAN SENTINEL. 505 that way." We cannot improve on Pentecost's meth-ods."ŠThe late Jno. MacNeil in "Spirit-Filled Life," pp. 112, 113. And now let the reader weigh every word of the fol-lowing faithful witness as found in the most influential Methodist publication in America:Š "The pulpit has come to be a stepping-stone. In the lower ranks of the ministry it is a stepping-stone to the higher, and in the higher ranks it is a stepping-stone to the high offices of the church. In the rural districts the average preacher employs his ministry to help him into a city church, and in the city the preacher in the suburbs faces toward the great central churches. I do not stop to note and name the noble exceptionsŠthe godly men who in the suburbs and in the country are doing their work with Christly unworldliness. I state the general deplorable fact, known and read of all men, everywhere recognized, and honored and acted upon in the adminis-tration of the ChurchŠthe degradation and shame of the ministry, the curse of the churches. How rare is it that a preacher of the gospel refuses a high ecclesiastical office tendered him! Preaching the gospel is not accounted by us the greatest work in this worldŠthe highest position and honor ever conferred on mortal man. We sometimes . write this noble sentiment and praise it with our lips, but in our hearts and lives we scorn and trample on it. We account a great many things higher than preaching the gospelŠyea, almost any semi-secular office of Church or State that seems to offer higher worldly honor or larger salary. "And so we are constantly drawn off, and almost every man seems to have his price. Professorships, lec-tureships, secretaryships, editorial tripods, agencies, po-litical office, real estate speculations, almost everything and anything tempt and draw away the ministry from their heaven-appointed work. To this there are noble exceptions; but this, I repeat, is the drift, the dominat-ing spirit everywhere recognized and honored and acted upon in the high councils and administration of the church. From these high places this spirit descends through all the lower ranks of the ministry, corrupting the aspirations of our young men, and poisoning the very fountains of ministerial supply. "Let us now note how this our ldck of undivided pur-pose of the Christly consecration to the great central ends of our ministry vitiates our entire ministerial life, and first, our inner spiritual life at all points. We lose faith in gospel preaching and the Christly passion for saving perishing men, and half unconsciously fall into the spirit and methods that help us climb the ladder of eccle-siastical position and honor. "In the same way our studies are vitiated. Instead of the Word and in the Word, its inner spirit and life, Christ, the cross, the pentecost, we read and study almost everything elseŠapologetics, dogmatics, 'the genuine-ness,'the authenticity,' magazines, reviews, the latest book about the Bible, the latest moralizing novel. The literary and scientific spirit, as antagonistic to the spirit of our mission as mammon itself, possesses us; and we come to our people with sermons far away from the spir-itual wants and daily lives of people. Toiling, tempted, starving for the bread of life, we give them husks. This is the complaint of the people against the pulpit as I hear it on all hands to-day. "Thus our preaching is vitiated. The style of preach- ing that saves perishing men, that the common people hear gladly, that succeeds among the slums, . . . that steadfastly withstands the popular vices that are steadily creeping into our wealthy churches, is not the style that helps us into the wealthy churches, the doctorates, and the high offices. So our preaching becomes careful and timid, without moral earnestness and without power. "In the same spirit, lecturing is largely taking the place of preaching the gospel. . . . I can but look on with sadness when I see one of these men descend from his high calling to the lecturer's platform: and standing there in the awful presence of two or three hundred un-saved young men and women, give off for an hour a Christless, gospelless lecture, employing the lecturer's tricks to call forth clapping. 0 for some Whitefields and President Finneys to call us back to gospel preaching, and show us how to save the people, the churthes, the nation."ŠIgnotus in "Christian Advocate" (N. Y.), Feb. 25, 1895. "The nineteenth century," says the late Dr. Gordon, "is presenting almost the exact facsimile of the fourth century in this particular. The notion having grown up that we must entertain men in order to win them to Christ, every invention for world-pleasing which human ingenuity can devise, has been brought forward till the churches in multitudes of instances have been turned into play-houses, with theater-boards announcing the courses for the gay season, boldly set up at the doors; and there is hardly a carnal amusement that can be named, from billiards to dancing, which does not now find a nesting-place in Christian sanctuaries. Is it then Phariseeism or pessimism to sound the note of alarm and to predict that at the present fearful rate of progress, the close of this decade may see the Protestant church as completely as-similated to nineteenth century secularism as the Roman Catholic church was assimilated to fourth century pa-ganism ?"ŠFrom "How Christ Came to Church," by the late Dr. A. J. Gordon, pp. 81, 82. Copyrighted by the American Baptist Publication Society. This is just what the faithful witnesses for the truth have been saying for years. They have been saying " that the nineteenth century is presenting almost the exact facsimile of the fourth century." What next? After the Church of the fourth century had filled its churches with unconverted men, the next step was to obtain power from the Roman government to control them. The Church next asked to be clothed with the purple and the scarlet robe of royalty and to sit on the scarlet beast, on the throne of earthly dominion. A. F. B. MR. W. H. CHANDLER, of Coatsville, Penna., a short time since, ordered the SENTINEL and premium Bible, as advertised in another column, and, upon their receipt, writes: "My Bible and paper received. The paper alone I think is worth the money paid for both, -and ought to be in the home of every family in the land." Ł "THE law knows no heresy, is committed to the sup-port of no dogma, the establishment of no sect."ŠJudge Samuel F. Miller. 