NOVEMBER 7, 1895. AME1EIEE,IICA.1CT SIETVIPINTIOILf. 349 laws, so that the customs of the people were taken as the standard of right, instead of the Bible. And that is how people now keep Sunday instead of the Sabbath. But custom cannot make a thing any differ-ent from what God has established it ." The customs of the people are vain." Jer. 10:3. The traditions of men are the transgression of the commandments of God. This matter of custom against the word of the Lord is strikingly set forth in the following from John Bunyan's famous " dream." Christian was on his journey, whenŠ He espied two men come tumbling over the wall on the left hand of the narrow way; and they made up apace to him. The name of one was Formalist, and the name of the other was Hypocrisy. So, as I said, they drew up to him, who thus entered with them into discourse. Chris. Gentlemen, whence came you, and whither go you ? Form, and Hyp. We wore born in the land of Vain-glory, and we are going for praise to Mount Zion. Chris. Why came you not in at the gate which standeth at the beginning of the way? Know ye not that it is written, " He that cometh not in by the door, but climbeth up some other way, the same is a thief and a robber"? F. and A. They said that to go to the gate for en-trance was, by all their countrymen, counted too far about; and that therefore their usual way was to make a short cut of it, and to climb over the wall as they had done. Chris, But will it not be counted a trespass against the Lord of the city whither we are bound, thus to violate his revealed F. and H. They told him that as for that he need not trouble his head thereabout; for what they did they had custom for, and could produce, if need were, testimony that could witness it for more than a thou-sand years. Chris. "But," said Christian, "will it stand a trial at law?" F. and H. They told that custom, it being of so long standing as above a thousand years, would doubt-less now be admitted as a thing legal by an impartial judge. "And besides," said they, "if we get into the way, what matter is it which way we may get in ? If we are in, we are in : thou art but in the way, who, as we perceive, came in at the gate; and we are also in the way, that came tumbling over the wall; wherein now is thy condition better than ours ?" Chris. I walk by the rule of my Master; you walk by the rude working of your own fancies. You are counted thieves already by the Lord of the way. You came in by yourselves without his di-rections, and shall go out by yourselves without his mercy. To those who plead " custom" as a suffi-cient reason for keeping Sunday instead of the Sabbath, let me ask, " Will it stand a trial at law ?" OUR UNWRITTEN CONSTITUTION. [By Addison Blakely, Ph. D., Lecturer in Political Science and History, University of Chicago.] THE written constitution is a political growth. For centuries of early political his-tory constitutional law was merely a matter of tradition and memory; but repeated struggles for freedom emphasized the value of the pen and ink sketch of what the law was. So we have in history the Magna Charta, the Bill of Rights, the Petition of Right, the Declaration of IndependenceŠall foreshadowing the Fed-eral and State Constitutions of to-day. These fundamental principles of government are what constituted the unwritten constitution of the past, and in accordance with the modern idea of supremacy of fundamental law these old constitutional principles were declared to be of paramount authority. Magna Charta had scarce been given to the English nation when it was redeclared and the provision added that any decree contrary to the rights therein secured, was void and of no effect. This appears to have been the first great statutory declaration of the nullity  of any legal act contrary to fundamental law; it was, however, merely the statutory recog-nition of an already established constitutional doctrine. This unwritten constitution was known as the common law,Šas distinguished from cus-tom law and statute law,Šof the English peoples. It was called common law because it concerned and was common to the whole people. This common law was brought over from England with the colonists and forms the basis of the constitutional rights and liberties of the American people. " The common law of England," says Judge Cooley, in his " Constitutional Limitations," " consisted of those maxims of freedom, order, enterprise and thrift which had prevailed in the conduct of public affairs, the management of private business, the regulation of the do-mestic institutions, and the acquisition, con-trol and transfer of property from time im-memorial. It was the outgrowth of the habits of thought and action of the people, and was modified gradually and insensibly, from time to time, as those habits became modified, and as civilization advanced, and new inventions introduced new wants and conveniences and new modes of business. Springing from the very nature of the people themselves, and de-veloped in their own experience, it was obvi-ously the body of laws best adapted to their needs, and as they took with them their na-ture, so also they would take with them these laws wherever they should transfer their dom-iciles from one country to another. " To eulogise the common law iS no part of our present purpose," continues the jurist. " But, on the whole, the system was the best foundation on which to erect an enduring structure of civil liberty which the world has ever known. It was the peculiar excellence of the common law of England that it recog-nized the worth, and sought especially to pro-tect the rights and privileges of the individual man. Its maxims were those of a sturdy and independent race, accustomed, in an unusual degree, to freedom of thought and action and to a share in the administration of public affairs; and arbitrary power and uncontrolled authority were not recognized in its principles. Awe surrounded and majesty clothed the king, but the humblest subject might shut the door of his cottage against him, and de-fend, from intrusion, that privacy which was as sacred as the kingly prerogatives. The system was the opposite of servile; its features implied boldness and independent self-reliance on the part of the people." American law is full of praise for this great body of law on which our own Constitution is based. " No one who is familiar with the common law of England," declares Justice Miller, of the United States Supreme Court, in his lectures on the Constitution, "can read the Constitution of the United States without observing the great desire of the conven-tion which framed that instrument to make it conform, as far as possible with that law." And from this ancient source it was that we get the barrier that forever seals with dis-approval and illegality any law interfering with religious freedom. The great Justice Mansfield, in stating this principle of law, declared : " Persecution for a sincere, though erroneous conscience, is not to be deduced from reason or the fitness of things [the test of what constitutes the common law]." Early in the reign of George III., this con-stitutional principle was asserted in a judicial decision of the House of Lords, as follows: " There is nothing certainly more unreason-able, more inconsistent with the rights of hu-man nature, more contrary to the spirit and  precepts of the Christian religion, more in-iquitous and unjust, more impolitic, than per-secution. It is against natural religion, re-vealed religion, and sound policy." * It was already a maxim of the common law five hundred years ago when Europe was del-uged with the blood of martyrs. And it is this same constitution now, written and un-written, that will be the sole protection of the statute-persecuted Christians of Tennessee and elsewhere. When legislatures, public senti-ment and officers have no 'longer any sympa-thy for the persecuted, the followers of Jesus of Nazareth will have only what protection the Constitution can give. To the Charters of Justice alone can they cling, for all else fails when friends have failed. RELIGIOUS LIBERTYŠCHURCH AND STATE. [elms. Foley, in Patriot Phalanx.] THE word " religion " has such a world-wide meaning, and is used by people to ex- press so great a variety of sentiment and things, that to understand its use in a given instance by any one, it is indispensably neces- sary to look and enquire outside of the word itself, and to study the person using it, and the circumstances under which used. I doubt whether there is another word in our language in as common use, that requires so much care to get at the meaning of the person using it. When the word religion is used to express a man's highest and noblest conceptions of duty and obligation, then I think we will all agree that all men should carry such religion with them into the shop, the field, into politics, in short, with them wherever they go, and in all they do, whether as private citizens or public servants. A man's religion, whatever it is, whether exalted or low in conception, is purely an individual matter and can never be otherwise. A State cam have no religion, any more than a bank or a railroad can. The maxim of the law books that " a corporation has no soul," is true. A State cannot propagate religion, or oppose its propagation, but it can use its police and military power to propagate and oppose the views and opinions of individuals as to what constitutes religion, its origin, its use and the office it performs in this life, and any life hereafter. A man should not, no man has the right, to carry his religious views into a public office and use political power to advance the ends of his creed or church, or enforce his religious views on others. No one wants the State to assist in the dissemination of religious views with which he is not in harmony, or to oppose his own. Many Christians claim that Christianity itself is repugnant to all attempts on the part of the State to propagate it, and earnestly oppose the exercise of such power. I have just read a production of Dr. E. T. Hiscox, author, with other works, of the " Baptist Church Directory," a standard work among Baptists. He says:Š The " Baptist position " in respect to the relation of religious and secular affairs, is this; There should be no union of Church and State, but an entire separa-tion between them in all matters pertaining to the administration of religious affairs. They represent two kingdoms, with distinct spheres and diverse functions, which cannot be united without injury to both. The Sate has no right of authority or of dic-tation in matters of faith cir worship, which are ques-tions of conscience and principle that lie between the individual soul and God. The State is bound to pro-tect its citizens in the free exercise of their religious faith, without harm or hindrance, so long as they do not interfere with the rights of others. Christians should be good citizens, supporting the government which protects them, honoring the rulers and obeying * See Cobbett's Parliamentary History, Vol. XVI., pp. 313-327 