66 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional. grAny one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is Sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Postofflee.) More Sunday Arrests in Tennessee. RELIGIOUS freedom is again denied in that section of this "land of the free" constituting the State of Tennes-see. At the town of Sanford, McMinn County, four per-sonsŠtwo men and their wivesŠare under arrest on the charge of "violating the Sabbath." A letter from one of them, Mr. G. M. Powell, gives the following particu-lars. - Mr. Powell and his wife, both observers of the sev-enth-day Sabbath, went to that section of Tennessee about five months ago to work as self supporting mis-sionaries. They secured a piece of land, on which they started a private school,Šan enterprise which was ap-preciated by the people, as was shown by the enrollment of between twenty and thirty pupils. But there, were some in the neighborhood who were opposed to Mr. Powell's religion, and whose moral status was such as to cause them to manifest their opposition to religion by becoming enemies of the man who held it, and of all others of like religious views; thus presenting a contrast to Christianity, which manifests only love for all men,no matter what their religious views may be. _ Mr. Powell writes that two warrants were sworn out against them for two different charges , of the same na-ture. "Brother and Sister Bristol, who recently began the observance of the Sabbath, were also arrested, but we were permitted to go on each other's bond, which was $250 in each case.' The trials will be held at the April term of court. The prospect is, of course, that the school will be broken up; but this will not matter to the advocates of Sunday enforcement. The thing of importance with them is to vindicate the "American Sabbath." Better is it in their view that there should be no educational enterprise in their midst, than that any person should be permitted to conscientiously disregard the claims of this traditional institution. The Sunday law is the ever-ready instrument of reli-gious intolerance. The whole history of Sunday legisla-tion only reveals it in this light. The charge brought by the civil authorities against  these defendants is that of "violating the Sabbath." How do the civil authorities in this part of Tennessee, or in any part of the country, know what the Sabbath is, and what is a violation of it? How does any man know these things? The Bible alone gives an answer to these questions. And the truths of the Bible are understood not alone by reading what the Bible says, but by the agency of the divine Teacher, the "Spirit of truth." What then have the civil authorities in any place to do with the settling of religious questions? And when the civil power assumes to settle the purely religious questions involved in an assumed "violation of the Sab-bath," what less can be represented in it than a union of church and state? Whether it be done by a state, or a county, or only a town, or by the whole United States, the principle is the same, and is precisely that which is embodied in and gives character to the papacy. Some Mormon Queries. Ł THE opposition which has become manifest to the seating of Congressmen-elect Roberts, of Utah; leads the Deseret News, of Salt Lake City, to propound a few ques-tions touching the general principles of the issue involved and the facts to which they are applicable in this coun-try. They are questions which cannot be too often sounded in American ears, and lose none of their force or logic by coming from the official organ of Mormondom. The News say s:Š "If a 'Mormon' elder uses the right of franchise and the right of free speech, in support of a public measure or a nominee for public office, the cry is raised at once that the 'Mormon Church is dominant in politics,' and that `the church regulates the state in Utah.' But when min-isters and dignitaries of any number of denominational churches unite for the purpose of overawing United States senators and representatives and of dictating the course of Congress, no objection is offered by the anti Mormon agitators. "Why? Have the various sectarian preachers a mo-nopoly of the 'church-and-state' business? Is it life and salvation for a Presbyterian or Methodist bishop to in-struct Congress as to its duties, and death and condem-nation for a 'Mormon' elder to advocate the cause of a candidate for election to that body? Is it proper for 'Christian' conclaves to instruct legislators what to do, and improper for 'Mormon' ministers to exercise the privilege of citizenship? If so, why?" The answer to this "why" can never be given by any representative of a denomination which meddles in poli- tics. In principle, every such religious body stands on a par with the Mormons whom it denounces. Religion in politics is the same in principle everywhere. The News attempts to justify Mormon connection with politics on the ground of the "rights of an American citizen." It says:Š "The statements that are being made by preachers in the East and published in some of the wild cat papers, 