634 AMERICAN SENTINEL. our faces in the dust pleading with God for power from on high. The Sunday law in West Virginia is as yet a dead letter; only in one or two places inland has the spirit of bigotry or persecution been shown. MRS. O'D. FLETCHER. The Victims of Experiment. No PATIENT likes to be experimented on by a green practitioner. Least of all would a well person enjoy being told that he is eick, and under this plea forcibly compelled to submit to the fledgling doctor's experi-ments. Yet in just this position the United States has placed the Filipinos, by its purpose to subjugate the island and make of them an American colony. And the Filipinos comprehend the point, as is evident by this statement given in their behalf by one of their generals, Alejandrino, to the Manila correspondent of the New York Herald:Š ' Our government is willing to accept a protectorate under the United States. We fought Spain because we did not wish longer to be a colony. A colonial govern-ment under American rule would be worse than the Spanish, because you know nothing about the way to govern colonies. We do not want to be experimented on for a century while you learn how. With England it would be another matter. "You are another race and are not in sympathy with us. We know how to rule our own people. We do not understand why your powerful nation wants to crush us like insects. You can conquer us because you are rich, and our soldiers can not fight successfully against yours. "We want an honorable peace, but we will fight until death for our institutions." Gold and the Conflicts of the World. Saturday Evening Post. IT has been estimated, by one who makes a business of combining the facts and figures of history, that every gold dollar in the world costs over three dollars. Within five hundred years the gold production of the earth has been over eight billions of dollars, so that the wealth which has been spent to find and to mine the gold of to-day exceeds twenty billions of dollarsŠa sum which goes almost beyond human conception. This calculation takes into account some of the cost of wars which were fought for gold. It seems to be the experience of history that as soon as a goldfield is dis-covered there must be an international complication, possibly leading to human slaughter. Methods have improved with civilization, but the old compelling cause remains. There was no trouble in Venezuela until gold was found. Alaska was as peaceable as a frozen sea until gold was announced. There would be, probably, no wars no,. rumors of wars in South Africa to-day were it not for the existence of the gold and diamond mines, and the billion-dollar British mining-ring, which must have its profits. The South African republic is about the same size as Arizona territory, and is much less than half as large as Texas, and yet from its mines this year $130,000,000 of gold is being taken. It may go up to $200,000,000 next year, if peace prevails. Transvaal mines paid to English stockholders the following dividends: 1896, $7,450,000; 1897, $13,500,000; 1898, $24,450,000. One mine paid 675 per cent. on the capital invested. If one keeps this thought in mind he will have the beginning and the cause of the intensely interesting con-flict in South Africa. Not Needed by the Heathen. THE New York Press, of October 3, has this to say of American civilization as exemplified in the city gov- ernment of Philadelphia, in which city there have been within a recent period 10,000 deaths from typhoid fever:Š "Only last week the Councils graciously permitted the people to vote on the $12,000,000 loan necessary for the rehabilitation of the water supply. Repeatedly has it been charged by responsible citizens in mass meetings and in public print that the plant was allowed to run down in order that the public, grown desperate, would permit the turning over of the water system to a syndicate which stood ready to supply an unpoisoned fluidŠat a price. The charge seems to be borne out by the fact that appropriations have been totally withheld for the last three years. It was this policy which made 6,000 typhoid cases and 677 deaths in Philadelphia from January 1 to May 10 of this year. This is a death rate of seventy a thousand in this disease, when the total for the city, naturally one of the most healthful in the world, is below twenty. For calculating cruelty in the pursuit of gain the American local politician has nothing to learn from the Spanish Governor General." . The heathen may well be excused for fighting to keep away from their shores this kind of civilization. THERE is published a rough translation of a letter recently written by the Empress Dowager, of China, to the Emperor of Japan, relating to a proposed alliance of the two countries, which is interesting as revealing the Chinese view of the "Chinese question." The Dow-ager Empress is not impressed with any deep sense of the piety and benevolence of the "Christian nations" of Europe. She says:Š "I am in great difficulties. European Powers are pressing for a portion of the empire. England, France, Germany, and Italy have presented demands, and I do not know what to do to satisfy these greedy dogs. Eng_ land is the worst of all, for she has not disguised her 