"If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, I Judge km not: for I Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World." VOLUME 10. NEW YORK, .JANUARY 24, 1895. NUMBER, 4.  American Sentinel. PUBLOMED WEEKLY BY TRH PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. ALONZO T. JONES, 1.  CALVIN P. I3OLLMAN, A, F. BALLENGER, - A Courageous Protest. THE New York Presbytery at its last meeting was the scene of a struggle be-tween truth and error, between one man and a multitude, which vividly recalls the historic description of Martin Luther's experience at the Diet of Worms. The occasion of the struggle was the introduction of resolutions indorsing Dr. Parkhurst's well-known methods of re-form. Steps to this end had been taken at the preceding meeting, but Rev. Francis P. Mullally, D. D., had vigorously opposed them as contrary to the constitution of the Presbyterian Church; and contrary to the gospel; and inasmuch as most of the mem-bers of the Presbytery had already left the meeting, the matter was postponed until the next meeting. Following the post-ponement of the matter the daily press. announced that the New York Presbytery had failed to indorse Dr. Parkhurst's re-form methods. This enraged the mem-bers, as it brought upon them the denun-ciation of the church crusade, which is in a fever of enthusiasm over the work of Dr. Parkhurst. Then followed published Statements from the members of the Pres-bytery in which Dr. Mullally was shame.: fully abused. In the meantime Dr. Mullally was not idle. He mailed to each member a state-ment of his position with quotations from the constitution of the church, expressly forbidding it-  to take action upon any but ecclesiastical questions, with arguments against the proposed action, based on the jurisdiction of the Church of Christ. The agitation of the matter filled the assembly room at the regular meeting of the Pres-bytery held Jan. 14. As an instance indi-ating the temper of the assembly, when the moderator had announced the order of business for the day, and before he could finish his sentence, the aforetime dignified Clerk of the meeting jumped excitedly to  his feet and moved to make the matter of indorsing Dr. Parkhurst the first matter of business instead of the last, which mo-tion was carried with a thundering affirm-ative. This much of an introduction is neces-sary to explain why the assembly room was crowded last week, and to give the reader an idea of the temper of the audi-ence which the doctor faced when he arose to oppose the resolutions. Dr. Mullally stands six feet four inches high, with broad shoulders and a voice in proportion with his powerful frame; but better than all, he had the consciousness of possessing the truth, and the courage of his convictions, which enabled him to look with a steady eye into the faces of his audience whose only expression was that of mingled pity and disgust. Dr. Mullally began his address by show-ing from the minutes of the last General Assembly that members of the New York Presbytery who were present before him had expressed at that time, touchnig other questions, sentiments in favor of the very same principle for which he was contend-ing. He also read from the church consti-' tution which explicitly confines the juris-diction of the church to ecclesiastical ques-tions, and then summarily but logically disposed of the claim that Dr. Parkhurst's work involved morality and was therefore within the scope of the Christian minister and within the realm of the legitimate work of the Presbytery; after which he continued as follows:--[Reproduced by Dr. Mullally for the SENTINEL by request. Italicized by the Editor.] " The end of the Church is regeneration, not reforM, to resurrect, not merely to em-balm the spiritually dead, not to stay the process of corruption, but to give a new transforming life. " The only means appointed to the Church, and which it is competent for her to use, is the Word of God; but Dr. Parkhurst's appeal is to the sword of the civil magistrate. "There are but three opinions touching the nature of Church power,Šthe Eras-tian, the Romish, and the Evangelical. The first makes the Church the mere agent of the State; the second makes the Church the substitute- ,for Christ, and teaches that she may do: or declare any- thing which. Christ could do or declare were he still here in the flesh; the third holds that Christ is the head of the Church, that without him acting in her, she is a headless, impotent corpse, and that he exercises his headship only by his Word. Hence, when this stops, the Church must stop. If this Presbytery indorses the reform work of Dr. Park-hurst, it will be imitating Rome and as-suming an authority as the substitute of Christ, when the legitimate function of the Church, as a Church, is only to voice the mind of Christ, as revealed in the Scriptures. " But I object to . the proposed resolu-tions on another ground. In reference to this, I will observe the utmost delicacy and reserve. Nor is it necessary to enter into detail or description, even if such a course were permissible in open court. The very gentleman who has zealously urged the taking up of this matter out of its order on the docket said, after the close of our last meeting, in the hearing of several brethren, that no member of the Presbytery approved Dr. Parkhurst's detective work. The member alluded to is our permanent clerk, and ought to know whereof he affirmed. I content myself with saying, that in view of Dr. Parkhurst's methods, this Presbytery can-not identify itself with him in his reform enterprise without virtually accepting and approving the pernicious principle that we may do evil that good may come, or, that the end justifies the means. " My third objection is, that the action proposed would be utterly inconsistent with the overture for organic union with our Church, made to the Southern Pres-byterian Church, by our last General Assembly. The distinctive characteristic of the Southern Church is, fidelity to, and insistance upon, the importance of the legislation of our confession touching the purview of judicatorial jurisdiction; and the adoption of these resolutions by the large and infinential Presbytery of New York, will widen the breach. between the two churches, and put back their union at least a hundred years." And now, that the reader may get an idea of the character of the speeches made against Dr. Mullally's logical, scriptural, Protc stant, protest, we print two speeches EDITORS. ASSISTANT EDITOR. 