AMERICAN SENTINEL. 403 God innocency was found in him ; and also before the king had he done no hurt. Thus God regards, and declares, the man innocent who knowingly and openly disregards any law touching his duty or relationship to God, who disregards any law touching religion. And this second example happened and was written to teach all kings and States that they never can rightly have anything whatever to do with any question of religion : to teach all kings, States, and people that God requires the absolute separation between religion and the State. And that it was done twice, is significant: when God showed to Pharaoh, by the seven thin ears of corn, and by the seven thin kine, the seven years of famine that were coming on the land, it was said to him, "The dream is one. . . . And for that the dream was doubled unto Phar4oh twice; it is because the thing is established by God." And when God has doubled unto kings and States for all time, the lesson upon the separation of religion and the State, it means that the lesson is one; and for that the lesson was doubled, it is because the thing is es-tablished by God. And if kings and States, and churches, professing to know God, go directly contrary to this thing that has been established by God; if they will yet put forth edict and law touching religion, it can only be, because they are blinder than Pharaoh. For "the unjust knoweth no shame." I - THE THE SENTINEL is against every form of despotism,Š religious or civil. - Ł Jottings from Jefferson, "No man has a natural right to commit aggressions on the equal rights of another.", " THE idea is quite unfounded that on entering into society we give up any natural right." "OUR civil rights have no dependence on our religious opinions, more than opinions in physics or geometry." "Dun legislators are not sufficiently apprised of the rightful limit of their power; that their true office is to declare and enforce only our natural rights and duties, and to take none of them from us." "THE impious presumption of legislators and rulers, civil as well as ecclesiastical, who being themselves but fallible and uninspired men, have assumed domination over the faith of others, setting their own opinions and modes of thinking as only true and infallible, and as such endeavoring to impose them on others, hath established and maintained false religions over the greatest part of the world, and through all time." "THE spirit of the times may alter, will alter.. Our  rulers will become corrupt, our people careless. A single zealot may commence persecution aŁnd better men be his victims. It can never be too often repeated, that the time for fixing every essential right on a legal basis is while our rulers are honest, and ourselves united. From the conclusion of this war we shall be going down hill. It will not then be necessary to resort every moment to the people for support. They will be forgotten, therefore,  and their rights disregarded. They will forget them-selves, but in the sole faculty of making money, and will never think of uniting to effect a due respect for their rights. The shackles, therefore, which shall not be knocked off at the conclusion of this war, will remain on us long, will be made heavier and heavier, till our rights shall revive or expire in a convulsion." WHEN force is combined with religion, or religion with force, the result is religious despotism. II 4 -4 The Declaration of Independence. EVERY reader of the AMERICAN SENTINEL is doubtless familiar with the fact that on July 4, 1776, the represen-tatives of the English colonies of America formally de-clared to the world their independence of all foreign rule, and in justification of their action asserted the doctrine that all men have the same unalienable rights, and that to secure these rights is the proper purpose of civil gov-ernment. The situation as it was in 1776, and that which ex-ists to-day in the American nation, cannot however be properly appreciated without looking beyond the action which has made the fourth of July a national day, to the antecedent conditions out of which that action was evolved. The Declaration of Independence was not simply the result of a determination on the part of the American colonies to separate themselves from British rule, for the sake of being independent. At the time when that Decla-ration went forth, the civilized world was just emerging from the long reign of civil and religious despotism which had characterized the Middle Ages. One by one, as the spirit of liberty developed and asserted itself in the minds of the people, the chains of that despotism had been broken; until in the Declaration of Independence the world heard a bold assertion of the doctrine of the right of aIIŁ mankind to complete individual freedom. This was not an accident of the times. It was a providence. It has been well said that " History is the progressive disclosure of the self-government of man as the providential design." The Declaration of Independ- ence appealed to the established decrees of Providence for its justification. "We hold these truths to be self-evident," it says, "that all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of 