334  THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. last acts of the last session of Congress was to enact a law, immediately signed by the President, that the gates of the World's Fair should be closed on the Sun-day, the chief arguments for which was the holiness of the Sunday and the fear of the churches. We do not care an iota whether the World's Fair is closed or not, let the directors see to that, but Congress has no business to legislate in this matter. And yet Congress has only logically fol-lowed in the line of the Supreme Court decision. WILL BE LED ON STEP BY STEP. And now as the Supreme Court has de-cided that the religion of this Nation is the " Christian " religion, and as there are energetic rival claimants to this par-ticular brand, logic will inevitably de-mand that the Government shall decide as to which among them are sponsors for that religion. And thus the Government will be led on step by step, forced on by the inevitable logic of the path she has chosen and by the religious demagogues and howling hypocrites, who will seek to fatten at the public crib by pandering to the wishes of a church so backslidden that she has lost all hold upon God, and has turned to political'  gypt for support. This is what lies before us, unless there is a mightier revolution in religious senti-ment than this world has ever seen. Said the United States Senate in 1829 :Š All religious despotism begins by combination and influence; and when that influence begins to operate upon the political institutions of a country, the civil power soon bends under it; and the catas-trophe of other nations furnishes us an awful warn-ing of the consequence. We have the " combination" of reli-gious bodies for political purposes, we have seen its influence on our recent Con-gress, of which our lobbying clergymen boasted that the religious people held Con-gress in their hand. The civil power has bent under the influence. The despotism, the persecution, the awful ruin, and yet the triumph of the true and tried, are just ahead. May God open the eyes of the blind.ŠSigns of the Times. AT the late meeting of the Tennessee River Conference of Seventh-day Advent-ists, at Nashville, Elder C. L. Boyd, Pres-ident of the Conference, thus referred to the persecutions of his people in Henry County :Š PrOductive of both joy and sorrow may be men-tioned the blows which have fallen upon our people at the hands of the good State of Tennessee. Four of our brethren of the Springville church, of the county of Henry, and the State of Tennessee, were arrested on the charge of laboring on the first day of the week. These men were convicted on the evidence of being members of the Seventh-day Adventist Church, a church which teaches that it is vain to worship God, while breaking his commandments, and teaching for doctrines the commandments of men. We are sorry that the good people of Tennessee are so blinded as to think it their duty to govern the conscience and control the religion of their fellow-men, and so deceived that they think that the truth of God can be bound by the imprison-ment of its advocates. But we rejoice that God has accounted us worthy to be a " kind of first-fruits" of that which is to follow among those who remain loyal to the God of heaven. We re-joice that those thus arrested, dragged from their homes, and shut up in jail, remained faithful to their Master, thus setting a worthy example to those who may hereafter be accounted worthy to suffer affliction for his name. There is in this no spirit of bitterness; and why should there be since the posi-tion of the Adventists is infinitely to be preferred to that of those who are perse-cuting them. " Blessed are they which are persecuted for righteousness' sake." NATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. AT the regular term of the Criminal court of Lexington, Missouri, not long since, Judge Ryland said, in his instruction to the Grand Jury, that it is a crime to sell on Sunday, and urged the Grand Jury to indict all persons who had kept their stores open on Sunday ; also all barbers who had done Sunday work. A HEBREW clothier has been arrested in Battle Creek, Mich., for selling goods on Sunday. His trial has been postponed in order to give the prose-cuting attorney time to study up the law in the case. An agent of the Association will be present and report any items of interest that may come up in connection with the trial. THE Washington Post comments editorially on Bishop Potter's article in the Forum for the cur-rent month, and says that the article "should con-tribute to a revision by Congress of its short-sighted policy, which, if not counteracted, will do much, it is believed, to cripple the Exposition and warp the usefulness of Sunday as a rest day." THE Young Women's Christian Associations of Albany, Buffalo, and Jamestown, N. Y., have passed and sent to the secretary of the American Sabbath Union, for use, resolutions condemning the action of the New York State Board of Wo-men Managers in regard to the Sunday opening of the World's Fair, and expressing their opposition to every movement for Sunday opening. THE Wisconsin Synod of the Presbyterian Church lately in session at Eau Claire, Wis., adopted this resolution:Š Resolved, That, appreciating the action of Con-gress in regard to closing the World's Fair on the Sabbath, this synod hereby expresses its profound conviction that it is both the privilege and duty of Congress to hold firm to its decision as expressed last spring, and we do hereby pledge to it the cor-dial support and sympathy of the patriotic, intel-ligent and Christian sentiment of our State. Thus it is that every effort is being made to clinch the nail already driven. An Illinois exchange has this item : " The ladies of New Boston will demand the enforcement of the Sunday laws. All who violate the ordinances hereafter will be prosecuted." Thus it is that the seeds of persecution sown by the Woman's Christian Temperance Union begin to germinate. These women should know that the sorrow and suffering and blood of the perse-cuted will be upon their heads in proportion as they have taken the responsibility of advocating and enforcing religious laws. The Sabbath Observance Department of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union will have much to answer for. AT a meeting of the lady managers of the World's Fair, held at Philadelphia some time ago,'  it was given out that the voice and vote of the lady managers were for Sunday closing. Mrs. John A. Logan is now in Chicago and has been called upon to explain her vote, which she does as follows:Š Mrs. Lucas, who presided at the meeting, put the question in this way: "All who are against dishonoring the Sabbath say aye." Naturally none of us were in favor of dishonoring a day, and so we voted against the proposition. I think that if the machinery be not allowed to run on Sunday the exhibition should be open so that the masses could have all the greater opportunity of being benefited by its elevating and refining influence. This, read between the lines, shows the same peculiar idiosyncrasies which have marked the whole movement, in almost all its phases. The question was put uncandidly and unfairly, or else ignorantly with a mistaken religious bias, to the lady managers; those among them who realized hat, evidently shrank from seeming to favor in the least the unpopular side by even suggesting the proper statement of the question. To Mrs. Lucas there was no doubt but one interpretation to the question as she stated it. Sunday, to her mind, was the Sabbath, and to permit any one to view the Exposition on Sunday was to dishonor the Sabbath. In fact, of course, Sunday is not the Sabbath, and a person voting upon the proposi-tion as put could construe it to mean the Sabbath, literally, and not Sunday. Again, the Sunday keeper, who reveres Sunday as the Sabbath, should know, and some do, that to compel its observance by civil law dishonors the day from a religious point of view. Mrs. Logan now acknowledges that each put their own interpretation upon the question, as put, and voted with a mental reservation. It would not have been politic to have brought this to light then directly under the eyes of the American Sab-bath Union of Philadelphia, and the Pittsburg preachers so near, but in Chicago where they want the Fair open Sunday it is different. A CORRESPONDENT from Kilbourn City, Wis., writes of a systematic effort of the Young People's Christian Endeavor Society of that place in refer-ence to securing the carrying out of the Sunday closing proviso attached by Congress to the World's Fair appropriation. It seems that in this case a petition was actually signed by the members, and they were instructed to secure the bona fide signa-tures of business and professional men of the place. In the meantime it is well to remember that all these have no doubt been several times counted already in the different churches and or-ganizations to which they belong in petitioning for the Sunday closing of the World's Fair. THE article on "Sunday and the Columbian Exposition," by Bishop Potter, in the Forum for October, has roused the Philadelphia branch of the American Sabbath Union to pass resolutions that the state of things on Sunday in Philadelphia dur-ing the Centennial was quite different from what the Bishop states. After speaking of the efforts to ridicule the idea that keepers of saloons and brothels in Chicago are favorable to the Sunday closing of the World's Fair, the Bishop says:Š But such ridicule is very ill-timed in view of facts that are abundantly well known as to the use that people shut out from the Exposition made of their Sunday afternoons in Philadelphia. As a good and sufficient answer to Bishop Potter the Philadelphians have " Resolved " :Š That we refer with gratitude to the fact that the closing of the Centennial Exposition in 1876 on the Sabbath was attended with the most beneficial re-sults, as the closed gates of the Exposition filled the churches of all denominations with those who otherwise would have spent their time elsewhere. In addition to this a number of Philadelphia gentlemen have signed their names to a statement that,Š In order that the exact facts may be known as to the results of Sunday closing at the Centennial Exhibition, the undersigned . . . desire ear-nestly to protest against the misleading statements contained in Bishop Potter's article in the Forum. The city of Philadelphia throughout the entire period of the Exposition did not witness any nota-ble increase of desecration of the Sabbath as the result of closing the gates of the Exposition. The one thing noticeable about these statements of the Philadelphia gentlemen and ministers is that, without disproving Bishop Potter's asserted facts, they give a clearer understanding of what Sundays in Philadelphia had customarily been. A COMMUNICATION from the province of Quebec states that the St. Lawrence system of canals is now open for traffic on Sunday, and will be until the close of navigation. This it seems is the usual cus-tom at this season when there is a rush of grain to get through ; and our correspondent pertinently asks who it is, if Sunday be a sacred day, and its civil enforcement proper, that has the authority to 