282 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. as a day to be observed in. any way differ-ent from any other working day. They work on that day. They teach that it is right to work on that day. Yet, if the State of Idaho should enact such a Sun-day law, as is demanded by those who are working for Sunday laws everywhere, this test oath would disfranchise every Seventh-day Adventist, and every Seventh-day Baptist in the.  State,Šnot for any-thing that is wrong, nor for anything that injures any soul on earth, but simply because Sunday laws make a crime of honest work; and these people from honest conviction would work on Sunday, even though the law prohibited it. For nearly a year, Tennessee has been carrying on a series of persecutions of some of these people for committing such a heinous crime as plowing corn and hoeing po-tatoes on Sunday. Tennessee has no such test oath as Idaho. If she had, every Seventh-day Adventist, every Seventh- ' day Baptist, and every Jew who stood by his honest .convictions would be dis-franchised. Idaho has the test oath, but we believe has not as yet any such Sun-day law. If Idaho should adopt such a Sunday law as Tennessee, or should Ten-nessee adopt such a test oath as has Idaho, then it would soon be seen that such a test oath accomplishes a great deal more than was contemplated when that oath was made a part of the law. And it would be a great injustice too. To work on Sunday is not a crime, and never can properly be made a crime, and therefore to disfranchise whole peoples for Sunday labor would be itself a crime against society. The observance of the day of rest is a religious duty only, and its obligation rests wholly between the individual and the Lord of the Sabbath. It has no bear-ing whatever upon any relationship of a citizen to his fellow-citizens or to the State. And no State can ever have any right to legislate upon the subject in any way. Every State that does so puts itself in the dominion of God, assumes his jurisdiction, and demands of men that they render to the State that which is to be rendered to God only. This is the defect of the Idaho test oath; it makes the State supreme in everything, not only in civil affairs, but in all things religious, not only in things that pertain to the State but in those things which pertain only to God. Under penalty of disfranchisement this oath obliges every citizen of Idaho to swear that he does not, and " will not publicly, or privately, or in any manner whatever teach, advise, counsel, or encourage any person to commit the crime of bigamy, or polygamy, or any other crime defined by law as a religious duty or otherwise." Whatever, therefore, the State of Idaho shall define by law to be a crime, whether it be a religious duty or anything else, that is to be laid aside by every person in  that State. If that State should define it to be a crime to pay any allegiance, whether as a religious duty or otherwise, to a for-eign potentate or power, then every Ro-man Catholic in Idaho would be disfran-chised. And this is precisely the claim that has already been made under the precedent. But the claim is as wicked as the law would be. And as before shown, if the State of Idaho should define it to be a crime to work on Sunday, then every Seventh-day Christian, and every Jew would be disfranchised, or else would have to give up his religious convictions and cease to be religiously what he is. Therefore, as this test oath makes the State supreme in religious things, as well as in civil, it goes too.  far. If it confined itself to men's relationship with one an-other, with the relationship of the citizen to his fellow-citizen, or to the State, then nobody could object, and it wonld accom-plish all that it does accomplish in pro-hibiting polygamy as it really does; but when it goes far beyond this and puts it-self in the domain of God, and makes itself supreme in all things religious, in all matters of religious duty as well as otherwise, then in that it has gone too far. The Mormon Church, like the National Reform Association, the American Sab-bath Union, and the leadership of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, confounds civil and religious things. In this confusion the Mormon Church, under the garb of religious claim, wants to prac-tice that which is uncivil. In this test oath the State of Idaho also confounds civil and religious things. And in this confusion, the State of Idaho prohibiting what is uncivil goes away beyond and asserts authority to prohibit whatever may be religious. The Mormon Church has the inalienable right to profess and practice whatever religious doctrine it pleases; but it has not the right, under the claim of religion, to practice that which is uncivil, as polygamy essentially is. The State of Idaho has the absolute right to prohibit anything that is uncivil, under whatever claim it may be practiced; but the State of Idaho has not the right, either to assert or to claim authority to prohibit anything that may be a religious duty. In the confusion of religious and civil things the Mormon Church occupies one extreme, the State of Idaho, occupies the other. The Mormon Church, in its assertion of right to practice polygamy, is civilly wrong. The State of Idaho in its assertion of right to prohibit religious duty, is religiously wrong. The Idaho test oath, so far as it pertains to bigamy or polygamy, is right, because bigamy and polygamy are essentially uncivil. The Idaho test oath, so far as it assumes jurisdiction of religious duty, is wrong, because with religious duty no State can ever of right have anything to do. A. T. J. Religion Belongs not to the State, but to the Individual. THE State can have no religion of its own, in behalf of which to frame laws, simply because the State being composed of 'individuals, it has no existence when separated from those individuals, except in a figure. Religion ,being a personal matter whieh each individual member of the State must have for himself, if at all, the State does not need a religion, and could not have one if it would, because no person in the State has power to transfer his religion to the State. If the State has a religion, it must get it from the same source from whence it comes to each individual. But, as the State has no existence outside of its citi-zens, it can have no religion outside of that which its citizens profess. And the matter of having religion, is left to each individual to decide as he wills. Rev. 22: 17. As previously shown, these in-dividuals who form the State, have indi-vidual consciences and responsibilities, for which each must singly give account to God. Rom. 14 : 12. This being true, the State cannot have accountability out-side of the individual accountability of those who compose it. And, if the State is not morally accountable, it certainly can have no personal attributes, and therefore no necessity for a religion of its own. More than this : religion operates upon both the head and the heart of the individual, in order to the salvation of the soul. But the State having no personal attributes, has neither a judgment to be convinced, nor a heart in which to receive religious impressions, nor yet a soul to be saved in the world to come. The State cannot, therefore, make laws touching religion on the plea of its own responsibility; and the citizens do not need such laws, because each one is per-sonally responsible to another tribunal infinitely higher than the State, for his standing in morals. Then all that the State can do, is to make laws prohibiting any man, or any set of men, from inter-rupting others in the enjoyment of their peculiar form of worship. Any law vio-lating this principle, would work gross injustice to the whole people. But, because law has been instituted that justice may reign, many have come to believe that all law is justice; or, in other words, that that which is legal is le-gitimate. But nothing is easier than to frame laws that will pervert the ends of justice. Thus, law is generally made by a certain class of men, who, because of their political influence, can secure enough votes to solidify their opinion into legal statutes. The laws thus made, may be looking almost solely to the benefit of those who brought them into existence, and to the oppression and spoliation of all others. It may readily be seen that laws of this kind, instead of restraining in- 