AMERICAN SENTINEL. 269 organization of the House. There is no law for the election of a chaplain. Is the chaplain an officer of this House? Where is the law for it? Where is the Constitu-tional provision for it? By what authority is he an officer of this House?' "An exciting discussion followed, in which there were many interruptions on points of order, etc., in the course of which Mr. Houston said: 'I see there is a determination that we shall not have a fair vote on the contesting propositions, but that chaplains are to be foisted on the people.' "Finally, a vote was reached on the motion to lay the resolution for the election of chaplains on the table. The vote stood: Yeas, 61; nays, 116.]ŠCong. Globe, 1st Sess. 36th Cong., p. 944. "Here it will be seen, that the vote against chap-, lains, which was 12 in 1839, and 21 in 1840, had, in 1860, risen to 61. "For the last thirty-eight years, but little has been said about chaplains in Congress." TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write Names Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bans Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. A_ME RICAN S Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom- promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. ON the day following the announcement of the recent Single Copy, Per Year $1.00. illness of the pope, 28,000 telegrams of inquiry were re- Six months - .50. ceived at the Vatican. " Three months .25.    ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St, New York. WIRELESS telegraphy is a great invention; but it has been pertinently suggested that a greater boon would be conferred on civilization if some one would in-vent a system of wireless politics.  BIBLES. A BOSTON exchange, taking its cue from the practice of the world's "Christian nations," suggests that "when a burglar breaks into a bank he should not necessarily be accused of seeking to rob. He may be only looking for a 'sphere of influence.'" I 4 THE claim is made that the Cubans are incapable of self-government because the political leaders of the island are divided into so many factions. On the same showing it may be said that New York needs a protec-torate.ŠThe Globe-Democrat, St. Louis. FROM Bombay, the center of the plague-infected dis-trict of India, comes the statement that "an official estimate of the total mortality caused by the bubonic plague since its outbreak places the deaths at 225,000." It is added that this is probably much below the total mortality, since deaths were in many cases concealed by the natives. BACK numbers of each issue of the year with the ex-ception of January 12 and February 23, can be ob-tained at this office. Our rates: One cent per copy in bulk, or one and a quarter cents per copy when wrap-pers are addressed to individuals, from list of names sent in. WE sell Bibles of all kinds, but we have a very few copies of the Variorum Teachers' Edition, which everybody knows is a fine thing in the way of a Bible, as it gives "various renderings and readings from the best authorities." It has copious teachers' helps, Concord-ance, excellent maps, etc., etc., bound in fine leather, divinity circuit, kid lined to edge, red under gold edges, with large clear type. It is really a handsome book and worth all we ask for it. The regular price is $10, but we will send it postpaid to those who speak first for $4. Size 1%x7x9. A rare chance. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. 39 Bond Street, New York City, N. Y. Notice. MONEY should be sent to this office by Postal Money Order or by Express Money Order or by draft on New York City. Checks or drafts on banks in other cities cost exchange. Small amounts may be sent in Postage Stamps. If bills or coin is sent the letter should be reg-istered. The Postal Money Order is the cheapest and safest. Pacific Press Pub. Co., Publishers American Sentinel, 39 Bond St., New York City. 