ps, sysAOT JOS riez ib vKEEP int al.  kleŁ Aso 'ma aaeRG9 foRnegatrAN21-119N 19$ THE AM:2ERICAN SENTINEL:. MMus Likrtll ASSOGidt1011 DEGLRRIITION Of PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit-ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on re-ligions questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and hon-orable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil gov-ernment; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the ines-timable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES: 48 BOND ST., NEW YORK CITY. 219 5TH ST., S. E. WASHINGTON, D. C. 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO, 18 POST Sr., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. 251 W. MAIN ST., BATTLE CREEK, MICE. C. ELDRIDGE, Ł PRESIDENT. W. A. COLCORD, - SECRETARY. IN Washington City, newsboys are re-stricted on Sunday morning to two and one-half hours. " The law," remarks the Post, of that city, " says they can cry their papers from 8 to 10: 30 o'clock Sundays, but if caught after or before this time they can be fined. It is hard on the boys, but they make the best of it." Ł 0 Ł  MAY 24, a large mass meeting was held in the Central Presbyterian Church under the auspices of the Committee on Sabbath.  Observance, to protest against the opening of the World's Fair on Sunday. Many commissioners to the Presbyterian Gen-eral Assembly were there, "and," says the report, " the audience was very en-thusiastic." Dr. Herrick Johnson was the chief speaker.- He is reported in the Mail and Express as follows :Š The Puritan Sabbath -gone is the Continental Sabbath coming. Shall the Columbian Exposition be opened on Sunday ? Let me give you six rea-. sons why it should not. 1. Opening the Columbian Exposition on Sunday would be going back on all the traditions and usages of American life. The American depart-ment of the Paris Exposition was closed on Sunday. The exposition which celebrated the hundredth anniversary of American independencb was closed on Sunday. 2. Opening the Columbian Exposition on Sunday would be importing Continental Sunday for the first time in American history in a national and governmental way. Should the Continental Sun-day be introduced to our States ? Anierican citi-zenship ought to blush for itself if it is not willing to exhibit its own goods at its own exhibitionŠthe American Sabbath. 3. Opening the Columbian Exposition on Sunday would make the Government a direct party to an assault on Sunday as a rest day and a day of re-ligious culture. 4. Opening the Columbian Exposition on Sunday would lead to a state of damaging and demoraliz-ing things in Chicago, at the thought of which I shudder; it would create a pandemonium, and the country would see scenes it has never seen. 5. Opening the Columbian Exposition on Sunday  would lead to future license of entertainment on Sunday, which would break down the American Sabbath, and we should have the Continental Sab-bath, indeed. 6. Opening the Columbian Exposition on Sunday would be selling the Lord's day for a few pieces of silver. There would be no effort to open on Sun-day if there were no money in it. I have heard subscribers to the Exposition talk of how Sunday opening would swell the gate receipts. atir im-mortal birthright of the Sabbath sold for a mess of pottage ! Judas sold our Lord for thirty pieces of silver. Are the men better than he who would sell the Lord's day for money ? Resolutions recommending to the offi-cers and Directors of the Exposition not to open its gates on Sunday, were unani-mously adopted. A WASHINGTON City paper credits one of the pastors of that city with the follow- ing :Š There is a growing demand on the part of min-isters and religious people for the closing of all museums;  libraries, and art galleries on Sunday. It is urged that all Sunday newspapers should be suppressed, and all travel by land or sea should stop on Sunday. This indicates a most unhealthy condition of the church. Has the church lost the power to attract the masses ? Is it unable to en-dure the competition of fairs and railroads and libraries ? In the year 401 a petition was sent to the Roman Emperor praying that " the public shows might be transferred from the Christian Sunday, and from feast days, to some other days of the week." The reason given was " that in such competitions the theatre was vastly more fre-quented than the church." Parallel with this we find that at the Elgin (Ill.) Sunday law convention, November, 1887, Sunday trains were opposed " be-cause they get a great many passengers and break up a great many congregations," and the Sunday newspaper is deprecated because "the laboring classes arise late on Sunday morning, read the Sunday papers, and allow the hours of worship to go by unheeded." Sunday is the only day of leis-ure many workingmen have. If they desire to go to church they are free to do so, but if not, then if all places of harmless recreation or amusement and all opportunities for literary culture are denied them they will find that which is more harmful, perhaps, in the excursion or beer garden. To us there seems to be a good deal of good sense in the words of this Washing-ton preacher. Ł Ł  A PETITION to political parties in con-ference assembled has been adopted, in set form, by the National Reform Asso-ciation. It is the intention to first obtain its indorsement, as far as possible, by the "various_large religious bodies, the Wo-man's Christian Temperance Union, the Teachers' National Association, the vari-ous reformatory bodies," etc., and then to " present it next year to each of the nom-inating conventions." And this is the language of the peti-tion :Š Petition to the Representatives of the  Politi- cal Party in Convention Assembled : As American citizens we respectfully ask you to place in your platform a clear, full recognition of these two great truths, namely, that our Lord Jesus Christ is the Sovereign Ruler of our Nation, and that his moral law is the rule of all our conduct in civil and political affairs. We do not ask this as a mere sentiment, or as a  religious creed, nor as seeking a union of Church and State, which we abhor, but as the greatest of political principles. And as the natural applica-tion of these principles to present issues in our national life we ask you to declare also for 1. The American Sabbath. 2. A uniform Christian marriage law. 3. The right of the Bible in the public schools. And to declare against 4. The American Saloon. We ask you to make your nominations, and con- duct the election, in harmony with these great truths. In His name. Approved and adopted by a unanimous vote, etc. THE report of the thirty-second and thirty-third years of the New York Sab- bath Committee has recently been issued. The condition of affairs when the Com- mittee was organized is thus stated in the report :Š There were open every Sunday in this city, which had then less than half its present popula-tion, " twenty theaters, chiefly of the lowest class, and eighty dance houses; liquor shops carried on their traffic with glaring defiance; 'noisy proces-sions, with bands of music, paraded the streets; newspapers and other cries disturbed the quiet of families and congregations; while Sunday arrests for disorder and crime greatly exceeded those on any week-day, and were rapidly increasing." Noting these facts the Baptist Exam-iner says :Š It will be generally agreed that the present state of things, though far enough from satisfactory, is not in any respect worse, and in some important respects is vastly better than the condition thus described. The respect in which things are better than before the Committee was formed is thus stated by the same paper :Š It is entitled to the credit of having secured more effective laws, such as the Sunday theater law, the processions law, amendments to the excise law; it has sought the enforcement of these laws through the police authorities and the courts; it has con-stantly watched and defeated hostile legislation; by personal appeal it has prevented threatened violations of the rest and quiet of the day. Continuing, the Examiner says :Š It is, of course, chiefly towards guarding the weekly rest-day as a civil institution that the Com mittee's formal work has been directed, but the bearing of such efforts upon the religious character of the day is as obvious as it is important.'  The italics in the last three lines of this quotation are ours ; they emphasize the reason for the existence of the New York Sabbath Committee. Were -it not for " the bearing of such efforts upon the re-ligious character of the day," such com-mittees would be unknown. THE English House of Commons, by a vote of -one hundred and fifty-four to ninety, passed April 15 to a second reading the Irish Sunday closing bill. The bill, if it becomes a law, will shut up the sa-loons of Ireland from nine o'clock Satur-day night until Monday morning.ŠThe Watertown Advocate. Ł 1- LAW can do nothing more at best than restrain men from' injustice. It can not Ł make them just. ŠSt. Louis. Republic. 