- 676 AMERICAN SENTINEL. ligious liberty." More nations have fallen before their own armies than before the armies of their outside ene-mies.ŠLondon Present Truth. The Sunday Question in the Cook Islands. [The following interesting statement on this subject is sent us by a missionary of the Seventh-day Advent-ists.] A NEW phase of the Sunday question has recently been presented in the Cook IslandsŠthat of changing Sabbath from the seventh to the first day of the week. Owing to the fact that the early missionaries did not take into consideration the difference in time, the people were taught to observe the Sabbath on Saturday and call it Sunday. About two years ago the question of changing the day was sprung upon parliament. Our laborers located at Raratonga at that time prepared a protest, which was placed 'before the parliament and the British Resi-dent, and the question was thrown out. It was then openly reported that at the next meeting of parliament such a bill would be introduced. Last January the following notice appeared in some of the papers:Š "As Raratonga, or, rather, the Cook Island Group, advances, there are many old laws that are being found not now applicable, and many customs of the past that have to be put aside to meet the necessities of the present. Among the latter is the observance of Sunday. As every one knows, owing to an error of the early missionaries, no allowance was made for difference of time when coming here, hence we have been keeping Saturday as Sunday. This is proving very confusing, and to vessels annoying and expensive. We prohibit them from working on the proper Sunday, and force them to work on their Sunday. To the Union Steamship Company this is extra expense, apart from delay, as by the Steamers' Union the company are forced to pay additional to their crews when working Sunday. How-ever, we are glad to hear this is likely to be altered, as a bill is to be brought before parliament next session to have the correct day kept as Sunday, and we learn that the British Resident favors this step." The natives generally are displeased with this new innovation, fearing a plague in consequence. They say that when the change was made in Tahiti about forty years ago, it was followed by an epidemic of sickness. At Samoa it was followed by a similar plague. They fear the displeasure of God expressed in the same man-ner. But they are being taught through the pulpit and press that it is the proper thing to do, and a petition has been circulated among them urging it. Our workers published a little tract upon the ques-tion involved, and distributed about 1,000 copies in the principal islands of the group. They also made per-sonal visits to the members of parliament, furnishing  them with proper reading matter on the issue. But at the session of that body held August 7, the proposed change was made, to go into effect next Christmas. The penalty for working on Sunday is not to exceed ten shillingsŠ$2.50Šand not more than three days' hard labor on the road. Our brethren are still distributing literature, which is eagerly received by the natives. Popular prejudice has been on the side of the true Sabbath, the Bible being accepted as the only standard by which allthings should be tested. Many of the people say they will not adopt the change, forsaking the Lord to follow the pope. It remains to be seen how many will be true. Rome to Help Conquer the Philippines. "Springfield (Mass.) Republican." THE power of the Roman Catholic Church is to be invoked to aid President McKinley in conquring the Filipinos. This is the statement made by Archbishop Chappelle, papal legate to the Philippines, after his con-ference with the President Saturday. He said for publi- cation: "I am convinced that the President intends to deal fairly by the people of the Philippines and honestly with the Roman Catholic Church. I shall leave for Manila during the latter part of next month, and shall do all I can to bring about peace between this country and the Filipinos." Here is theprogramme, as set forth in a Washington dispatch:Š "Archbishop Chappelle will prove to the Filipino priests that opposition to the Government of the United States is unwise if that opposition grows from a fear that the rights of the church are not to be respected and that the Government of the American Republic is opposed to the religion which dominates the islands. Armed with full authority from this Government to pre-sent the case from the standpoint of the church, the President believes the visit of the archbishop will be fruitful of good results, and that soon after he arrives there will be a change in the sentiments of the mass of the people. The archbishop, accompanied by the best wishes of the President and the blessings of the pope, is expected to remove much of the opposition of the revo-lutionists and to impress upon the people of the Philip-pines the fact that loyalty to the United States is not incompatible with devotion to the church, which is so highly respected in the United States." So much for that side of the case. The other point of view appears in an address made at the meeting of a Presbyterian synod in Erie, Pa., Saturday, by Rev. J. S. Hunter, the chaplain who served with the 10th Penn-sylvania volunteers in the island of Luzon. Said Chap-lain Hunter:Š "There are three causes for the insurrection. One is the mismanagement of affairs by General Otis; another is the misconduct of American troops (I wish to refute the charges of desecration of Filipino churches, how- 