SUBSCRIBE FOR . . .  THE SENTINEL . Ł IESERT A paper set for the defense of liberty, both Christian and Constitutional,' and opposed to everything tending toward a union of church and state, either in name or in fact. Toll Need this  Paper AND Your NoigliDors teed It. If you are not familiar with this subject you will be surprised, not only at what is proposed, but at what has been already done in the direction of nullifying the constitutional safeguards of liberty of conscience. Single copy of the' paper : One year  $1.00 Six months  .50 Three months  .25 In, clubs of five to twenty-four, to one address, one year  ' 75 cents In clubs of twenty-five to forty- nine, to one addiess, one year, 60 cents In clubs of fifty to ninety-nlne, to one address, one year 55 cents One hundred or,  more, to one ad- dress, one Year _ 50 'cents SENTINV...Of .LIBERTY, 824 Dearborn Street, CHICAGO, ILL Ł 73:1 THE umEaTy: LIVINO FOUNTAINS OR BROKEN CISTERNS, An Educational Problem for Protestants. IN this volume is considered that greatest of allproblems, the education of the children and youth. It contains the history of the two systems of education, Pagan and Christian. The cause of the failure and apostasy of Israel, the `early church, the Reformers, and modern Prbtestants, also the weak-ness of the remnant, church, can be traced to no other source, and accounted for on no other grounds than the Pagan methods and'Wr.fing principles of education instilled into the minds and hearts of the children and youth of past ages and the present generation. Would you know and understand the true principles of Christian Education for to-day? Secure at once a copy of "Liv-ing Fountains or Broken Cisterns, an Educational Problem for Protestants." Read it, and ponder its teachings in your heart. It contains 427 pages, printed front *Ł"*"-- Ł-re, substantially bound in cloth. Price. Ł .$1.23. BATTLE CREEK, MICH., May 29, 1900 1 have read the MS. of Prof. E. A. Sutherland's new book, "Living Fountains or Broken Cisterns, an Educational Prob-lem for Protestants," attd I am convinced that it is the book for our churches And our schools.  . Everyone who reads the book must be convinced that there are now two systems of education ; one Christian and the other Pagan. The one leading to the knowledge of God and the other to doubt and infidelity. ,L. A. Hoosits, - Sec. Gen. Conf. Send Your Orders to the Review and Herald Pub. Co., Battle Creek, Mich. DESIRE OF AfiES" TRADE EDITION Is printed on thin paper, making it just the right size for general reading, and to carry When traveling. Not illustrated, but contains the complete text of the large, beautiful subscription edition, including frontis-piece, general and Scriptural indexes, and appendix. We publish the trade_ edition of " Desire.  of -Ages " at the earnest solicitation Of our many Patrons who desire Ł this 'newly written account of the Life of the Great Teacher in a compact form, and at a moderate price. - We ;believe. that these two,  features are fully Met in our effort, and that this trade edition is all that could be desired,;" and the price bring§ it within the reach of the multitudes. It contains 1,642 pages ; is handsomely and substantially bound. Price, in cloth  - $1.50 Full leather,-round corners .....Ł, ,, 2.00 , Send 'YOUr Orders to" the.  Review and Herald Pub. 'Co., . ..‚ Battle'Oreek, Mich. 