636 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Study the Word of God, my boy; for it may be that even you may yet be called upon to witness for the true God against the very sight of your eyes, trusting only to the infallible Word. We'll have another talk about it." F. B. The " Civil " Religious Sabbath. JOHNNIE.ŠMama, what is the civil sabbath that the preacher told us about this morning? MAMA.ŠHe meant, Johnnie, that everybody ought to rest one day in seven. Johnnie.ŠWhich day, mama? Mama.Š Why, Sunday, I suppose. Johnnie.ŠBut you and papa have been resting on Sunday all the time, and so have lots of other folks. Were you having a civil sabbath? Marna.ŠOh, no, Johnnie; we rest on Sunday because it is the day when Christ rose from the dead. We call it the Christian sabbath. Johnnie.ŠBut mama, if Sunday is the Christian sab-bath, how can it be a civil sabbath? Mama.ŠI suppose the State makes it a civil sabbath, by commanding people to rest on it. Johnnie.ŠThen if the Lord made Sunday a religious sabbath, and the State makes it a civil sabbath, which is it? Mama.ŠWhyŠIŠI suppose it's a civil sabbath to people who rest because the State commands it, and a religious sabbath to people who rest because they are re_ ligious. What makes you ask such questions, anyway? Johnnie.ŠOh, nothing, mama; only I want to get this all straight in my mind, so I'll understand it. I don't see where the difference comes in if I rest one Sun-day because the State commands it, and then do just the same thing next Sunday on account of my religion. It would be all the same thing; wouldn't it? Mama.ŠWell, Johnnie, I don't know as I can explain it to you, but you know the Bible says that God made the Sabbath, so it's a religious day. But the State says people must have a civil sabbath, too, by resting on the first day of the week. Johnnie.ŠThen if the State calls for a civil sabbath, mama, and my religion calls for a religious Sabbath, both on the same day, which call am I to obey? Mama.ŠOh, We don't keep the civil sabbath, Johnnie; our Sabbath is religious; and so it is with all people who are religious. Johnnie.ŠBut wouldn't the State arrest us, mama, if we should break the civil sabbath by working on Sunday? Mama.ŠWhyŠyes; I suppose we might be arrested for that;, some people have been, not very long ago. Johnnie.ŠThen if we don't need a civil sabbath, but keep Sunday because we are religious, would the State punish us for not being religious, if we, should work next Sunday? Mama.ŠI declare, Johnnie, you're getting terribly  inquisitive; who put all those questions into your head? You'll have to ask the minister about it the next time he comes here to tea. I can't stop to answer more such questions now. Johnnie.ŠAll right, mama; but I don't believe he can tell any more about it than you have. The fact is, I don't see any sense in a civil sabbath, and I believe it's all a humbug. If God made the Sabbath, and commands everybody to keep it, that settles it, and I don't see what more, people can want. Anyway, that's good enough for me. John Bunyan and His Persecutors. WE recently published a conversation that Mr. Bun_ yan had with the clerk who was sent by the authorities to him demanding that he submit to the law as it ex-isted. The real cause of his imprisonment was his refusal to attend the Established Church, and also conducting meetings himself independent of any church that was rec-ognized as such by the government. When it was found that he was really violating the law of the land, an in- dictment was prepared against him, and at the time of trial, after his arrest, this was read to him, and the ques- tion was asked of him, "What say youto this?" Bunyan replied, and then the following conversation took place between him and the judge who was trying the case, which we know our young friends will read with interest, as it shows the noble, true, and yet firm stand this man of God took on the charge made against him. We sin-cerely trust that if any of the SENTINEL family are called upon to reply to a similar charge, their answers will be as true and bold as were this man's :Š Bunyan.Š"I say as to the matter of attending church, I am a frequenter of the church of God." Judge.Š"But you know what we mean, to the parish church to hear divine services?" Bunya,n.Š"No, I do not:' Judge.Š"Why not?" Bunyan .Š"Becau se I do not find it commanded in the Word .of God." Judge.Š"We are commanded to pray." Bunyan.Š"Not by the Common Prayer Book, but with the spirit. As the apostle saith, 'I will pray with the spirit, and with the understanding."' Judge.Š" What do you count prayer? Do you think it is to say a few words over before the people?" Bunyan.Š"No; for men might' have many elegant and excellent words, and yet not pray at all; but when a man prayeth, he cloth, through a sense of those things which he wants, which sense is begotten by the Spirit, pour out his heart before God through Christ, though his words be not so many and so excellent as others. But yet, notwithstanding, they that have a mind to use the Prayer Book, they have their liberty; I would not keep it from them, nor them from it; for my part I can pray to God without it. Blessed be his name !" Judge.Š"You have no right to preach." Bunyan.Š"1 can prove by the First Epistle of Peter 4:10, 11: 'As every man hath received the gift, even so minister the same one to another, as good stewards of 