DECEMBER 10, 1896. .A.M111/,X C N .'1-31'NrINEN1211-4 387 each other as branches of the great Christian Church, and even recognize the papacy as such a branch, each one believes that she holds more Christian truth than any of the others, and hence that she is, in a fuller sense, Christian, than are the others. There-fore, of course, she is better entitled than the others to a union with the State; since the State ought not to be joined with religious error. So, from the Protestant standpoint no less than from the Catholic, a union of religion with the State means, in its last analysis, a union of Church and State, in the fullest sense. And this meaning will take on a very practical and tangible character when the principle upon which it stands is sought to be carried into effect. The move-ment to unite religion with the State, once started, will speedily develop into a contro-versy over a union of Church and State, even " in the ordinary acceptance of the words." It cannot possibly lead to anything else. Then if we would avoid a union of Church and State, it is absolutely necessary that the State should be kept separate from religion, Šnot separate from justice, from honesty, from integrityŠbut separate from religion, as the Christian men who established it or-dained that it should be. There can be noth-ing more essential than this to our country's welfare. THE KINGDOM OF GOD. NOTHING can so effectually hinder the ad-vancement of God's kingdom among men to-day as wrong conceptions as to what the kingdom is. In the Epistle to the Romans Paul wrote, "The kingdom of God is not meat and drink, but righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost." . . . The kingdom of God consists of something infi-nitely higher and more important than laws and regulations as to what we shall eat and drink, or what we shall wear. The kingdom of God is a very different thing from what many conceive it to be and from what many are representing it to be. In our Saviour's day the Jewish people had their conceptions of the kingdom of God, which were very far from what the kingdom really is, and were material and gross com-pared with the true conception. They, in-deed, made the kingdom of God very much a matter of meat and drink. Their poets and prophets, under divine inspiration, had, it is true, prophesied and sung of a kingdom which would outshine, in its splendor, anything the world had ever known before. But, misun-derstanding the prophets, the people looked for a kingdom whose greatness and glory would be more material and earthly than spir- itual and heavenly. Overflowing wealth, plenty of corn and wine, and every earthly pleasure and comfort, entered largely into their conceptions of the kingdom. There would be no want, no sickness, no oppression from any quarter, no pain or trouble or dis-tress of any kind anywhere. It was to be "a triumphal millenium of earthly blessedness." This ideal good time did not, however, in-clude the dominance of righteousness and purity, except as they supposed men would live better lives when they had all their mate-rial needs and wishes supplied. The Kingdom Many Look For. Akin to this conception of the kingdom is the conception which is attracting many in our own day. Many are looking, desiring and working for a kingdom that will affect men's eating and drinking, and which will  have to do chiefly with their material com-fort. There is a hope that when the material environments of men are improved they will live better lives, society will be purer, politi-cal life will be lifted to a higher level, and righteousness and justice will everywhere abound. . . . Men propose to establish a sort of heaven upon earth by bettering the condition of the poor, and by adjusting all the differences between labor and capital. Humanitarianism is made to take the place of Christianity, and the reformation of soci-ety is made to take the place of the regenera-tion of the individual. The spiritual is made subordinate to the material, instead of the material to the spiritual. The kingdom of God is made meat and drink rather than righteousness, and peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost. All this is contrary to the teaching of Christ. He said, "My kingdom is not of this world." He said, "Seek ye first the kingdom of God and his righteousness, and all these things shall be added unto you." He said, "A man's life consisteth not in the abundance of the things which he possesseth." Neither plenty of gold nor plenty of silver will make men happy and upright. They very often make them just the reverse. Righteousness of life is not fostered by the wealth of Fifth Avenue any more than it is by the poverty of Riving-ton Street. There are as many godly people among the poor as there are among the rich. Blessedness lies not in what men have, but in what they are. The kingdom of God has to do with a man's inner life rather than with his outer environment. The kingdom of God, at the present stage of it, is established among men by godlike-ness of character, and godlikeness of charac-ter comes not by any natural development, nor by any growth which will result from im-proved material environments. It comes by a new birth, by men becoming partakers of the divine nature. "Except a man be born from above he cannot see, the kingdom of God." "Except your righteousness shall exceed the righteousness of the Scribes and Pharisees, ye shall in no case enter into the kingdom of heaven." "Ye must be born again." What the Kingdom Is. In this kingdom sin is no longer the domi-nating force. To those in whom the kingdom of God has been set up it is said, "Sin shall not have dominion over you." Sin may be in the man, and indeed will be, but it will be there as a broken power, not ruling and con-trolling and enslaving the man, but being ruled, controlled and subdued by Him who triumphed over death, and led captivity cap-tive. The kingdom, in our highest experi-ence of it, is having the King of kings reign within us. This is what men need every-where, the whole inner realm of the soul, and the whole outer life brought under the divine government. Wherever there is that, there is the kingdom of God. The kingdom of God is righteousness, a being right with God, and a being right with men. When men are right with God they will be right with men. Then they will be honest, and true, and kind, and unselfish, and brotherly. When employer and employs are right with God they will be right with each other. And so of every other relation in which men may stand to each other. Nor will men be made right with each other until they are made righteousŠthat is, right with God. All the schemes of socialists and labor conventions and such like must fail except as they are worked on this basis. The kingdom of God is peaceŠfullest peace  Špeace with GodŠreconciliationŠthe peace of GodŠsoul restŠ"the infinite calm of God's eternal heart." Wherever God's kingdom is there is peace. The kingdom is joy. Joy in the Holy GhostŠholy joyŠabiding joyŠjoy like a fountain, ever bubbling up from the secret depths of God's infinite and everlasting love. Righteousness! peace! joy! Men want to reverse the order, and have joy and peace and the blessedness of the kingdom before they are made right with God. But the divine order of the kingdom is unchangeable. We must be right before we can be at rest. Getting into the kingdom is simply getting the kingdom into us. The Holy Spirit brings the kingdom in, and when he is allowed to have his own way in the heart and in the life he fully and blessedly establishes the king-dom. It is our boast in this country that every citizen is a sovereign. But no man is truly a sovereign until he becomes part of the kingdom of God, until he has learned through the powers of the kingdom of God within him how to be a sovereign over self and sin and Satan. The kingdom of God is a king-dom of kings. The Christ who loved us and washed us from our sins in his own blood, bath made us kings and priests unto God and his Father. To him be glory and dominion, forever and ever !ŠRev. Charles A. Cook, in The Examiner ( Baptist), Nov. 12, 1896. NOTES OF THE ST. LOUIS W. C. T. U. CONVENTION. BY W. A. IIENNIG. Tux convention was well represented from all parts of the United States, and also from the Old World. Miss Agnes Slack, from England, World's Secretary of the W. C. T. U., seemed to be the leading spirit from abroad. She spoke in highest praise of Miss Willard. She believed that Miss Willard had done more to unite " the two great nations than any statesman." From the beginning to the close of the convention it was plainly stated many times that their success in reforms was by the ballot. The Rev. Anna Shaw stated that the women were through weeping and would now demand. " Christian Citizenship" seemed to be the theme that most animated them. The hus-band of the Indiana W. C. T. U. president, in his speech, referred to the Episcopal letter sent to all the Methodist ministers by bishops of that denomination, instructing the minis-try that " the State is as divine an institution as the church; " and that " a minister is as much in place in politics as he is in the church." Anna F. Beiler, National Superintendent of the " Christian Citizenship ' department of the W. C. T. U. , made many sweeping statements concerning this line of work. " Christian Citizenship' is what we want. It means individual purity, righteousness, supreme loyalty to Christ, carried into pub-lic life. It means Christ in each citizen, in the primary or in the convention, at the polls and in all offices, legislative, executive, and judicial." Some of the principles at the foundation of this movement were stated to be (1) "That Jesus Christ is the Saviour and Lord of the State as well as of the individual. . . (2) That the principles of His divine government must be incorporated in the State and made effective in public affairs. 'It is the duty of 