-334. THE MER Ai E1~TT`I EL. Thase, this disgraceful institution is more than 1:a "menace to .the perpetuation Of rightful -civil authority. The ground of Objection to it is'  s. broad and solid as our Constitution. > our present national policy toward polygamy ought to: be a source of gratification to every lover-of government which conSerVes the 'inalienable rights of man. FRANK: WILLIAli HOWE. University of Michigan.. I m portant. TiIE Pearl of Days, Some Weelts since, printed what it called " two iinpOrtant letters," one of which was ';frOni 'Bishop Littlejohn, of the pote40,)* 4piSdopal Church, and the Other Patrick O'Hare, Rector of 'St. AntliO4'SPatholic Church, Both letters were:Written to the Sunday Observance ASsociation; of Kings Ceunty. Mt. ijo*ay0 says , With regard to t4e obser7ance:of the Lord's day, you will kindly 'permit me 49 ;give yOU an extract from the decrees of tlie Tldrd Plenary: donne% held by oat& bishops a fe* year's ago, in 'Baltiinore. The decree may be found under talc; p, chapter 3, and No. 113. It is knoWn as the decree on the "Liquor Traffic and the Observance of Sunday." It reads as follows: " A Christian should carefully avoid not Only what is positively evil, but what has even the appearance of evil, and more especially what com-monly leads to it." This is an important letter, and it touches upon a matter that will prove in the 'end to be much more important than these so-called Protestant advocates now imagine. Mr. O'Hare simply does in this letter what all the Roman Catholics do when referring to Sunday observance; ihatis, for authority he quotes the decree of the Baltimore council. And when Prot-estants receive these letters as official com-munications, and put their indorsement upon them by printing them, and other-WiSe, they will find that one of these days they will be held as subject to the author-ity whieh they have thus recognized; and if they undertake to reject that authority they will be held strictly to answer for it. If Protestants would not' be held amenable to the Roman Catholic Church, they must keep as far from any recognition of it as the east is from the west. It is true they do 'not intend this, but that matters not; the Roman Catholics intend it, and if the Protestants do not, the thing for them to do is to let this be known by keeping far from it. A. T. J. What constitutes a State Not high-raised. battlement and labored mound, Thick wall and moated gate; Not cities proud with spires and turrets crowned. Not_broad-armed bays and ports, Where laughing at the storm, rich navies ride ; Not starred and spangled courts, Where low-bred baseness casts perfume to pride; No, men, high-minded MenŠ Men who their duties know, i3ut know their rights, and knowing dare maintain. These constitute a State.ŠSir William Jones. 1.400 _ DECLARATION, bl:PRINCIPLES.- -We' believe 'in the religion taught by jesne Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We ,belieVe in supporting the civilgovernineat,-and subinit-ting to its authbrit5 . We clqty_ thellglit Of any' civil governinent to legislate -On religions tpiestions. - We believe, it is, the right, and should be, the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own con-science, We also believe it to be. onr duty to use ,every lawful and jumorahle means :to prevent religious, legislation by-the civil government; tbat we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the in- estimable hieSsinze of both religiousand civil liberty. OFFICES. - 43313oxo 0147 225 A Sr., N. _.W.:Aenniorrorz ; 2S Cp1.44ea latq(1407i C. if..nwoO-E, , -  -- W. H. McXgp, Tim American Sabbath Union, of the United States, has its peer in the "Lord'S Day Alliance," of Canada, in which most of the Protestant denominations of the Dominion are said to be represented The Presbyterian-Church seems, there, to take the initiative, as it does here. At a late meeting of the Presbyterian General As- sembly the Committee of Sabbath observ-ance presented a set of resolutions which were adopted. The following are the fourth and fifth resolutions in the series :- 4. That the Assembly records its approval of the effort now being made to obtain from Parliament a Sabbath law for the whole Dominion, recommends presbyteries and kirk sessions to take action in support of it by petition or any other way that may be deemed efficient, and that the Assembly again forward to Parliament a petition in favor of such legislation. 5. That the Assembly expresses its gratification at the cordial co-operation of all the Protestant de-nominations, as manifested in the Lord's bay Alli-ance of Canada, and appoints as its representatives in the Alliance the members of the Sabbath Observ-ance Committee. THE Young Men's Christian Association of Trenton, New Jersey, has committed itself to an open affiliation with the Ameri-can Sabbath Union. The following item is published by the Pearl of Days:Š Last Sunday was a field day for the Sabbath cause in thd capital city of New Jersey. In addition to sermons and addresses by the secretaries of the American Sabbath Union, the Rev,. Drs. Knowles and Taylor, and by Rev. Dr. Dunn, a great meeting was held at 4 P. M. in Taylor's Opera House, under the auspices of the Young Men's Christian Associ-ation, at which Col. E. F. Shepard, president of the American Sabbath Union, eloquently addressed over two thousand one hundred men, on "The Sabbath for man." Resolutions were unanimously adopted in favor of changing the inauguration of the President of the United States from the 4th of March to the first Wednesday of that month, and also for the closing of the Columbian Exposition on Sundays. The last resolution was adopted by a ris-ing vote of the whole assembly. This series of meet-ings was marked by the profound interest and en-thusiasm of the thousands of hearers. Similar meetings will also be held in other cities during the coming season. It is by these slow approaches and. iin-pereeptible degrees, ;that the Young-Men's Christian AssOciation will be at last cap, tured for the-National Reform party. In Chicago it has allied itself with the move: ment for the closing of the World's Fair on Sunday. Through their gradual adL vances, beginning' first with those thingS which seem in themselves so harinles,  and, in fact, from -a mistaken view, s6 necessary to be consistent in their ProfesL-sion of Christianity, `'the Young' Men's Christian Association will be led into the realm of politics at last. Heretofore they have steadfastly - aVoided an alliance so fatal to the true Christianity of the :Lissa= eiation, but the American Sabbath Union and the National Reform Associatien are, proving too subtile and too strong ' for; them. A Candid Prohibitionist. WRITING to the California Voice, Mr. John Robinson, of Guerneville, California, says:Š The Adventists do not ask that their dayhe se-lected as the day of rest, but demand that legislation on the matter be omitted entirely. To this the Signs of the Times adds this comment :Š Adventists consistently oppose all Sabbath legis-lation. They have the privilege and right of a day of rest; no one ought to ask more. What hinders our Sunday-law ,People from resting on Sunday, if they so desire ? Again, Mr. Robinson, who, by the way, is a Prohibitionist, and not an Adventist, says:Š The " toiler " does not ask for this legislation, and no effort is being made to prevent the masses from., restingone day in seven. And this is simply a plain statement of a well-known fact: the demand for Sun-day laws comes not from the working, masses, but from those who are inspired by a mistaken religious zeal. Of the Sunday-law plank in the Pro-hibition platform, the same gentleman says:Š You may proclaim as long and loudly as you de-sire that this plank does not mean Sunday law, but simply a day of rest, on Monday, Tuesday, or on any day, but so long as the masses believe it means Sunday, the effect will be the same, viz., to prevent the success of our party. The fact is, Sunday is the day generally intended; there is no :use denying this. Sunday is a religious institution; iaws to enforce a religious institution is religious legislation and will not be indorsed by a majority 'of the voters of this country. Would that all Prohibitionists were as candid. " IT is this ' innocent recreation, ' " says the New York Observer, " advocated by Cardinal Gibbons and Liberal Protestants, that destroys the idea of Sunday being a holy day." The inference is that the State should forbid innocent recreation. It is this thought that inspires the de-mand for Sunday laws on the part of churches and church papers. - President Seeretitik 