THE :AMERICAN'. SENTINEL. .299 night, and the pillar of cloud by day, constantly over the tabernacle, by whose direction they moved or remained. Thus it was all through the forty years wander-ings in the desert of Arabia. When they passed into the promised land, it was when "the Jordan overflowed its banks." The priests took the ark of God, and started into the water. As soon as their feet touched the water that which was above stood still, and that below flowed on. And so it stood till the whole of the host of Israel passed over. Soon after this they came to Jericho and laid siege to that city by merely marching: around it once a day, for seven 'days, blowing trumpets of rams' horns; and on :the seventh day they marched around it seven times and then set up a mighty shout, and the walls of Jericho fell down. The siege was ended and the city captured. Not long after this there was a battle with the Canaanites, the inhabit-ants of the land. They were defeated, but to make the victory forever sure, the sun stood still and the day was prolonged, so that there was no such day before nor after it. And so the whole history might be followed through, step by step, as it is written, from that day when the sun stood still, unto the last historical record in the Old Testament, and all the time the record is to be found inseparable from signs, wonders, miracles, and interpositions of the Lord. All of which demonstrates that the object of the Bible is not his-torical, but religious wholly. It also dem-onstrates that it is impossible to use the Bible as a history. And those who ask that it may be used in the public schools simply as history, know that this is so, and if it were not for its religious charac-ter not one of them would ever write ten lines of a plea for its use in the public schools as history. If the record of that people be so valu-able, as a history only, as to make it essential that above all others it shall be used as a history, then why is it that those who want it so, do not insist that the history of that people since Bible times shall be taught also. But no such request was ever heard of, and never would be if the Bible were history only, as Xenophon or Tacitus is history. But these men, knowing that it is impossible for the State to teach religion, and know-ing that it is wrong for the State to tax all the people in order to teach to all, the religion of a fewŠknowing all this they have not the face to ask that the Bible shall be used in the schools for what it is, and therefore they hope to get it used for what it is, by getting the State to adopt it and use it for what it is not. The plea is essentially dishonest, and it is difficult to see .how those who make it do not know that it is dishonest. As for the New Testament there is no pretense that this is history in any sense. In the four gospels there is a sketch of  the four years of the life of Christ, but . the fullest of these, contributions ro the sketch says plainly, that no attempt is made to write a complete record because no reasonable number of books could con-tain it if it were written; but that that which is written, was written " that ye might believe that Jesus is the Christ, the Son of God; and that believing ye might have life through his name." The Bible record, from beginning to end, is but a record of Jesus Christ. This verse which we have just quoted not only tells the object of the writings of the gospel, but the object of the writing of the whole Bible, and that is that men might believe that Christ is the Son of God; and that believing they might have life through his name. He is the Lamb of God slain from the foundation of the world.. He is the seed of the woman, that :was promised before the first pair were driven from the garden. He is the one to whom almost the last words in the Bible are addressed, " Even so come Lord Jesus." " He is the alpha and the omega, the beginning anc). the end, the first and the last," all the way through the Bible. And therefore any proposition that is ever made by any one to teach the Bible, or to use it in any way, other than as the record of Christ, is to propose that the record of Christ shall be taught with Christ left out. It is, in short, only an attempt to rob the world of Christ and his gifts to men. And such will be the only tendency wherever the Bible is used for anything else than just what it is, namely, the revelation of God concerning his eternal purpose in Christ Jesus the Saviour of men. . A. T. J. Ł  Talk Is Talk. THE following quotation from the Buf-falo Christian _Advocate, of May M, 1890, is credited to Rev. Dr. Thomas Dixon, a Baptist minister, of New York :Š This Nation was founded on the Decalogue and the ten commandments. The men who landed at Plymouth Rock, landed on their knees. The foun-dations of this Republic were cut from the quarry of God's eternal granite. Its foundation stones were laid in cement made with the tears and blood of Christian men and women. The man who has outgrown the Decalogue and the Golden Rule, has outgrown his usefulness in this Nation. This has the true National Reform ring. The argument is, This Nation has been a Christian nation from the beginning; therefore our Constitution must be revised so as to permit legislation on the Decalogue and the ten commandments and the Golden Rule, in order to make this a Christian Nation. The tears and blood of Christian men and women, with which he says the foundation of our Nation was cemented, most naturally call to mind the persecu-tions of Baptists, Quakers, and others, before the formation of our peerless Con-stitution, the recurrence of which it was wisely designed to prevent. When men  undertake to legislate for God and enforce his law, tears and blood flow as the result. To say a man has " outgrown his, useful-ness in this Nation," implies a desire for his banishment. Bigotry and intolerance go hand in hand. R. F. COTTRELL. A Good Utterance. ON the evening of August 26, a banquet was given in the First Congregational Church, Oakland, California, by the Con-gregational Club,Ł in honor of Rev. Dr. R. R. Meredith, of Brooklyn, New York, who was its guest. Many pastors of Con-gregational Churches in San Francisco, and the surrounding towns, were present. In response to several addresses, in which warm fraternal sentiments were expressed toward himself, Dr. Meredith said that two thoughts had been upper-most in his mind during his journey across the continent, and this thirty days' visit on the Coast. These thoughts were Christianity and the country. Of the former, he said : Strictly defined, its essential spirit is a missionary spirit. From its institution down to this day, its true work has been missionary work. The Church, which is the embodiment of Ł Christianity, is necessarily a mis-sionary society; that and nothing else. Jesus Christ, the author of Christianity, and the founder of the Church, was him-self strictly a missionary; for he came to seek and to save them that were lost. As to the country, he firmly believed that God had, for centuries before it was settled, kept his hand upon this land for a peculiar purpose, keeping out the old nations until an appointed time. And this peculiar purpose, he believed, was to establish on this continent a nation in which the political and religious institu-tions should be kept utterly separate; in short, a nation in which there should be not the shadow of a union of Church and State, and no State support for church schools. And he thanked God for that purpose; for Christianity needs no aid, no support, from the State. Christianity has power within itself to stand alone; to accomplish its own mission; and should the day ever come in this country, when the Church, as in an hour of great temp-tation in the third century, joins hands with the State to accomplish her aims, that will be her day of peril,- and will seal the fate of the country. So far as Dr. Meredith's utterance is concerned, it is all right ; but the trouble is, he does not realize what may consti-tute. a union of Church and State. The fact that he says, " Should the day ever come in this country when the Church . . . joins hands with the State to ac- complish her aims," etc., shows that he does not realize that the Church is quite generally doing that very thingŁ now, in asking the State to teach religion in the public schools, and to maintain Sunday 