230 A XIIE12,11CA N SEN9PIN VoL. 9, No. 29. one of her parents, influence was exerted to place her in a convent. That was all that was necessary. The convent did the rest. Miss Drexel bestows what is repre-sented as a million and a half upon a Catholic institution. Who is Miss Drexel ? She comes from a Methodist ancestry on one side, and a Baptist on the other. Protestant parents who send their girls to convent schools are placing them in the power of the best organized evil ever un-covered by history. It is a crime against their own offspring. How intelligent fathers can commit such a stupidity is little less than a marvel.ŠS. F. Hershey, in St. Louis Presbyterian. More Religious Persecution in Ten- nessee. THE following statement of facts is from the appendix to No. 16 of the Religious Liberty Library, recently issued:Š Religious Persecution in Tennessee. PLOWING A TURNIP PATCH ON SUNDAY IN THE MIDDLE OF A FIELD OF FULL-GROWN CORN SENDS AN INOFFENSIVE CITIZEN TO JAIL FOR OVER A YEAR. On June 26, 1894, W. B. Capps was locked up in the county jail at Dresden, Weakley County, Tenn., for performing common labor on his farm on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday. The first time he was seen at work, he was cutting corn stalks in his own field. The witness's farm is adjoining, and he could see Mr. Capps at work from his house a few hundred yards away. This was on a Sunday, in May, 1892. In the fall of the same year the same witness went to Mr. Capps's house on Sunday to see him about a note on which he was surety, and found him plowing a piece of uncultivated land in the middle of a field of grown corn, in which he designed to sow turnips. The witness informed Mr. Capps that his father, the payee, expected him to send the money, though in his testimony the witness denied that he went to see the defendant about the note. This secluded spot in which Mr. Capps was quietly following the leadings of his conscience by tilling the soil on the first day of the week, was not only shut in by full-grown corn, but was three quarters of a mile from any public road. At another time Mr. Capps was seen on Sunday splitting rails. Before the day was over, two of his neighbors came along, took up the maul and ax, and assisted him for a time. The neighbors were not in-terfered with in their liberty. Mr. Capps was arrested June 8, 1893, and at his trial before the Circuit Court of Weakley County, June 27, 1893, he was fined $10 and costs, amounting in all to $51.80. His case was appealed to the Supreme Court of Tennessee, which affirmed the judgment of the lower court, May 24, 1894, at Jackson, fixing the costs at $58.63; making as a grand total the outra-geous sum of $110.45, to be served out by the criminal (?) at the paltry rate of twenty-five cents per day. This will necessitate the confinement of the prisoner 442 days, or one year and nearly three months. The Supreme Court did not write any opinion, but simply said: " There is no controversy as to the facts in this ease [as of course there was not], and we find no error in the record; therefore the judgment of the court below will be affirmed." It gave no reasons, and did not attempt to meet the convincing arguments raised by the defense. Plainly the principles con-tended for by the defense are correct, and cannot be controverted. Mr. Capps has a wife twenty-four years of age, and four children, the eldest being only six years old, and one of them sick at the time of its father's imprison-ment. His family is left all alone in the woods a quarter of a mile from any house. He is a poor man and unable to support his family during his confine-ment. He does not deny working on Sunday, but did so because he had rested the day before according to the Bible; because he recognized his God-given right to labor six days in the week, beginning on the first, as did his Creator; and because in acceding to the demands of the State to rest on Sunday, he would be denying his Lord. . Hence he refuses to pay the fine and costs, regarding them unjust, since the State is attempting to enforce upon him a dogma of religion, with which it can of right have nothing whatever to do. Therefore he has gone to jail, though a physician stated that he could never live in that unhealthy place.the time required by the enormity of the State's assessment. Where is a clearer case of religious persecution ? The facts stated in this leaflet should be  known by everybody. It is indeed a clear case of religious persecution; but the fact that the work done by Mr. Capps was at a distance from any public road and not in a place likely to be observed really cuts no figure in the matter. Mr. Capps, or anybody else for that matter, whether an observer of the seventh day or not, has just as much right to work on Sunday as anybody else has to work on any other day. Of course, everybody should at all times do as they would be done by, and this M. Capps does: he works when he pleases and is willing that others should do the same. But as Mr. Capps' neigh-bors want him to refrain from work when they do, they ought likewise to rest when-ever Mr. Capps does. Mr. Capps does not work on Saturday, the seventh day, the Sabbath of the Lord. Now, if he must rest on Sunday because his neighbors do, why should not they also rest on the Sab-bath because he does ? And as long as his Sunday work does not interfere with them what right have they to say that he shall not work on that day ?ŠClearly no right at all, except the right of brute force. Christianity Legally Defined in Rome. IF the mutual flattery of Constantine and the bishops, described briefly in these columns last week, had concerned only themselves, it would have been a matter of very slight importance indeed; but this was not so. Each side represented an important interest. Constantine merely represented the State, and the bishops the Church; and their mutual flattery was only the covering of a deep laid and far reaching scheme which each party was determined to work to the utmost, for its own interests. " It was," as Draper re-marks, "the aim of Constantine to make theology a branch of politics; it was the hope of every bishop in the empire to make politics a branch of theology." Consequently, in their mutual toadyism were involved the interests of both the Church and the State, and, the welfare of human society for ages to come. Therefore, to the reign of Constantine the Great must be referred the first union of Christianity and the State and the commencement of those dark and dismal times which oppressed Europe for a thou-sand years. When the alliance was formed between Constantine and what was represented to him as Christianity, it was with the idea on his part that this religion formed a united body throughout the empire. As has been shown, this was true in a certain sense, because the persecution as carried on by Galerius under the edicts of Diocle-tian, was against Christianity as a profes-sion, without any distinction whatever as to its phases, and this caused all the different sects to stand together as one in defense of the principles that were com-mon to all. Therefore the essential unity of all the professions of Christianity he supposed to be a fact; and from all his actions and writings afterward it is cer-tain that representations had been made to him by the bishops in a stronger meas-ure than was true, and in an infinitely stronger measure than he found it in practice to be. The alliance with Christianity on Con-stantine's part was wholly political, and merely a part of the political machinery by which he designed to bring together again the divided elements of the empire  into one harmonious whole. It being represented to him by the bishops who met him in Gaul in A. D. 311, that Chris-tianity was a united body which, if he would support it, would in turn be a powerful support to him, he accepted their representations as the truth, and formed the alliance solely as a part of his political designs, and to help him to forward his declared " mission to unite the world under one head." But, although the alliance was formed with what was supposed to be Christianity as a whole, without any respect to internal divisions, it was very soon discovered that each particular faction of the Christian profession was ambitious to be recognized as the one in which, above all others, Christianity was most certainly repre-sented. The bishops were ready and willing to represent to Constantine that Christianity was one. They did so repre-sent it to him. And although he entered the alliance with that understanding, the alliance had no sooner been well formed than it devolved upon him to decide among the conflicting factions and divis-ions just where that one was to be found. The Edict of Milan ordered that the church property which had been confis-cated by the edicts of Diocletian, should be restored to " the whole body of Chris-tians," without any distinction as to par-ticular sects or names. Thus runs that part of the edict :Š And this we further decree, with respect to the Christians, that the places in which they were formerly accustomed to assemble, concerning which also we formerly wrote to your fidelity, in a different form, that if any persons have purchased these, either from our treasury, or from any other one, these shall restore them to the Christians, without money and without demanding any price, without any superadded value or augmentation, without delay or hesitancy. And if any have happened to receive these places as presents, that they shall restore them as soon as possible to the Christians, so that if either those that purchased or those that received them as presents, have anything to request of our munificence, they may go to the pro-vincial governor, as the judge; that provision may also be made for them by our clemency. All which it will be necessary to be delivered up to the body of Christians, by your care, without any delay. And since the Christians themselves are known to have had not only those places where they were accus-tomed to meet, but other places also, belonging not to individuals among them, but to the right of the whole body of Christians, you will also command all these, by virtue of the law before mentioned, without any hesi-tancy, to be restored to these same Christians, that is, to their body, and to each conventicle respectively. The aforesaid consideration, to wit, being observed; namely, that they who as we have said restore them without valuation and price, may expect their indem-nity from our munificence and liberality. In all which it will be incumbent on you, to exhibit your exertions as much as possible to the aforesaid body of Christians, that our orders may be most speedily ac-complished, that likewise in this provision may be made by our clemency, for the preservation of the common and public tranquillity. For by these means, as before said, the divine favor with regard to us, which we have already experienced in many affairs, will continue firm and permanent at all times. But that the purpose of this our ordinance and liberality may be extended to the knowledge of all, it is expected that these things written by us, should be proposed and published to the knowledge of all. That this act of our liberality and kindness may remain unknown to none.* This was proper enough in itself. But Constantine and the bishops had formed an alliance for political purposes. The bishops had lent to Constantine their sup-port, the fruit of which he was enjoying; and now they demanded that the expected return should be rendered. Accordingly, the restoration of the property of the Christians, under the Edict of Milan, had; no sooner begun, than the contentions' which had been raised before the late per- *Eusebius's " Ecclesiastical History," book x, chap. v. 