Alvimr4ititiA.& 'Vol,. 0, .No. 33. will also continue. It is hardly to be expected that the decisions will always be in favor of the strikers. If this is ex-pected, then this only adds to the proce-titre another element of dictation. If there is any probability that the decision qf the "arbitrators " Will at some tithe be against the strikers and in faVor of the operdtor; then this Carries with it also the Probability that there will come a. time When the decision of the "arbitrators" Will not be at all satisfactory to the strikers. Then they will denounce the board as being allied with capital against labor, and will refuse to accept it as a set-tlement. In other 'words, they will strike against the decision of the " arbitrators." Suppose this commission had been ap-pointed in time to reach Chicago at the height of the contest last month, and by any possibility had found and decided that the Pullman Company was justified in the stand that they had taken, is there a man in the United States who supposes that Debs and his committee would have accepted such a decision and ordered off the strike ? In view of their open denun-ciation of the President of the United States for merely ordering troops to Chi-cago to maintain the laws of the United States, is it at all supposable that they would have accepted a decision actually in favor of the Pullman Company or the board of railway managers ? As certainly as there is a probability that a decision will fall sometime against the strikers, so certainly also there is a probability that the strikers will sometime strike against the decision. But a strike against the decision of the " arbitrators " will be nothing less than a strike against the Government itself. * Then as cer-tainly as such a thing as that ever happens, there will be a dispute between labor and the Government, which dispute will have to be arbitrated. Then who shall be the " arbitrators " to settle this dispute ? Neither the Government nor capital nor labor can do it, because these are all par-ties to the dispute. There cannot be one chosen from each of the three parties in dispute, because as the Government will have already decided in favor of capital, and the strike is now against both, this would give a board of two to one against labor to start with. Plainly, then, the Government and capital and labor will all be excluded from conducting any arbitra-tion between the Government and labor. There is one element remaining, and but one, that could do it, and that is the Church. This is the only element remain-ing sufficiently separated from all parties to such a dispute, to be qualified to come between them in the character of arbitra-tor. And she will occupy the place as surely as it shall ever be made. And the place will be made as surely as this sort of " arbitration " that has been started shall continue. And it is just as likely to continue as that the contest between " capital and labor " shall continue. THUS there can be, and almost certainly will be, created the much-coveted oppor-tunity for the Church further to insinuate herself into the place of control and guid-ance in governmental affairs. And as to what church it will be, in the last resort at least, there can be no shadow of doubt. It will be the Catholic Church. For some * Since 1 his was written, Mr. Debs has said in an interview at Terra Haute. Ind., July 29, that "the United States regulars came, and it was a strike against the Government." considerable time Cardinal Gibbons has been advocating a national board of arbi-tration,' such as is now begun. Besides this, as so vast a majority of the discon-tented, agitating;  striking, violent, ele-Ment, are members in good and regular standing In the Catholic Church, it will be urged, and urged successfully, that she is entitled to a representative on the board. More than this probability, she has a representative on this board that has been lately appointed by the President, namely, Francis 'Cornell, who finished his education at that Jesuit seat of learning Seton Hall College, Orange, N. J. And if Mr. Magone, who was first named, is not also a Catholic, the fact is contra-dictory to the suggestion of his name. This is the logical outcome and the sure result of this scheme of "arbitration " that has been begun in the United States. And when the Catholic Church shall have made firm her footing here in this thing, and shall have thus put herself in the place of chief " arbitrator " in national affairs for, and to, this great American nation, then in this also Europe will be drawn to follow the example, and thus in another way will the papacy be lifted to the headship and control of the world. And thus will the great ambition of Leo XIII. be accomplished in having the pope recognized and referred to as the great " arbiter " of all national differences. IN times of such difficulties as those that have covered this country the present year, and which will be continued along the line that we are here discussing, both in this country and in EuropeŠin times such as these, it is with peculiar force that the papacy suggests itself to the minds of rulers and statesmen as the source of the greatest help. In times of violence, strife, anarchy, and revolution, when the very foundations of States and even of society itself seem to be moved, it is almost instinctively that the European statesman especially grasps the hand of the papacy. The papacy has passed through revolution after revolution, and complete anarchy itself is no terror to it. THE papal church not only saw, but caused, the fall of the Roman Empire. And as that empire was the " mightiest fabric of human greatness " ever set up, so its fall was the most terrible ever seen in history. Yet the papacy not only passed through it, but she gathered new strength from it all. The Catholic Church thrives on revolutions; the perplexities of States are her fortune; to her, anarchy is better than order, unless she can rule. She is so completely the mistress of every kind of deviltry that it matters not what phase of it presents itself, she can manip-ulate it to her own advantage. Therefore when revolution is imminent and anarchy threatens, it is almost instinctively that rulers and statesmen grasp the ever-prof-fered hand of her who has survived the anarchy of the Middle Ages and the revo-lutions of fifteen centuries. IT is with perfect satisfaction that the papal church sees the Government of the United States taking the step that involves " arbitration " between itself and its own violent and lawless citizens. For she knows that as the vast majority hf, ,these violent and lawless ones are her own sub-jects, so the outcome must certainly re- dound to her profit and her exaltation. As she has already announced that "the solution of the present social difficulties is to be found in the Catholic Church ; " and that " if society is to be saved from a condition worse in some respects than pagan times, it is from the Vatican the savior must come; " so she. is most grati-fied to see the steps taken that inevitably involves herself and her power as this savior. And she has also announced that, as " the United States succeed in solving these problems, Europe will follow their example," and these, too, will turn to her as their savior. This is the publicly announced plan of the Roman Catholic Church, and everything is drawing her way, and she is glad of it. This is the means by which she ascended to her height of power and dominion before; this means will surely raise her to that place again. From. her experience before, she knows how to take advantage of the like means now to raise herself to the place of ,power and dominion such as she had before, only greater as the world is larger now than it was then. Mgr. Satolli made no mistake when he declared, in behalf of the papacy, that in America more than anywhere else lies the key of the future. Mgr. Satolli is here to turn that key. It can be turned many ways to favor the aims of the papacy. And in no one way can it be turned more to favor the papacy than in the manipulation of this idea of "compul-sory arbitration." This is simply dicta-tion, and it will end in the dictation of the papacy to the nation and to the world. Too Late to Deny It. IN the Catholic World for August,, " Rev." Walter Elliott, a Roman Catholic, missionary, tells of his experience among-the Seventh-day Adventists in Michigan.. " Father " Elliott says:Š The sect is the most venomous enemy of Catholic-ity in these parts. . . . And yet some of our. Catholic journals have favored it on the question of' the observance of the Sunday as against Protestantism generally. I am persuaded that this. is bad policy, to say the least of it. If Protestants, as a body, are mistaken as to the office of scripture, they are right as to the day of the Lord. Do not be too eager to make men give up the truth by showing them that they are " illogical." . . . Our policy is to favor the right side among our jarring brethren, rather than to com-pel consistency. Say to them, First be right, and then be consistent and get wholly rig 4t. To play off error against inconsistency is not fratMnal. Furthermore, the Seventh-day Adventists incline to be Old Testa-ment Christians, Puritans of. the worst sort, and are making a propaganda of much energy, and not with-out results. If what the Catechism of the Council of Trent calls the Christian Sabbath shall lose its place in our national customs, and if its legal observance shall drop out of the competency of our legislators, the end will be the abolition of a general observance of any day of rest and prayer at allŠa calamity of the first order. I have been almost everywhere assailed with quotations from one of our oldest and most re-spectable Catholic journals against the scripture basis of the observance of the first day of the weekŠclaim-ing that it has not any scripture authority whatever, is wholly without a scripture basis, etc. Such, how-ever, is not the sense of the Catholic Church. The " reverend" " father" seems to be hard hit by the quotation from " one of our oldest and most respectable Catholic journals," but his denial is vain. He quotes Catholic authorities in support of his position, but that is also vain. It is not the Catholic Mirror alone (the old and respectable journal referred to) which asserts the fact that there is no scriptural authority for Sunday observance. "The Faith of Our Fathers," by Cardinal Gib-bons, has on page 111, this paragraph:Š You may read the Bible from Genesis to Revelation, and you will not find a single line authorizing the 