210 AMERICAN SENTINEL. dained of God, it is evident that in the purpose of God they are to operate in harmony with each other. The gospelŠthe government of loveŠdemands that pardon be accorded the penitent transgressor. The gov-ernment of force demands that the transgressor be pun-ished, whether penitent or not. It is evident therefore that if these two governments are made to cover com-mon ground, they will come into immediate conflict with each other. This is why it is that civil government and religion must be kept separate. When civil government is carried into the sphere of religion, it begins at once to antago-nize the work of the gospel. God wants every person on the earth to form an up-right character. And as character stands for free per-sonal choice, it is necessary that man should not be co-erced into the path of uprightness, but should be left free to choose between right principles and those of a con-trary nature. It is not the business of civil government, therefore, to coerce men into doing, right; to force them into the paths of morality. In so doing it would only antagonize the gospel. Its sphere is limited to that of natural rights. To protect these is the only prerogative of force. •• Ł 4 -4 Patriotism "Redefined." A CHICAGO pastor, Rev. Frank Crane, in a recent ser-mon suggested that there was need in this country that "patriotism" be redefined. "It has been," he said, "a willingness to go out with a brass band and kill some-body for our country's sake; let it be also a willingness to stay at home and save somebody for our country's sake." Referring to these tasks at home through which one may manifest a true patriotism, he said:Š "While glorious statesmen were champing the bit to get into the fore of battle, a little company of men and women were opening a social settlement over in the Gad's Hill district of Chicago. What about them? They wave no flags, shoot no bullets. They are patriots, howeverŠreal, not fustian. "Open saloons and houses of shame carry on their nefarious,  trade of sapping the life and wealth from the common people? Why don't some of these fire-breathing patriots run a tilt at these? "Giant trusts are monopolizing the free treasures of nature, more and more getting the tainted fingers of wealth firmly gripped upon the helm of state. Why don't a few patriots rise up to 'zealously and unselfishly devote themselves to the service of their country' bygiving their lives, talents, and fortunes to remedying this state of things? "Here is an army of worse than Spaniards; they are not across the ocean, they are mixed among us. "Why don't some of our warriors go out to fight them? Alas! the reason is too plain. We can overcome this army only as we overcome ourselves. They are to be subdued only by daily righteousness, liberality, purity, and self-denial by us. We cannot meet them with blare  of trumpets and beating of tom-toms, but only by love and service. "It is always easier to die for a noble purpose than to live for it. If our country calls us to go and fight a.  foreign foe there is no doubt that plenty will respond. But the deeper, silent cry of agony of our dear land is for men and women who will give life and money to insure clean politics and honest councils, legislatures, and sen-ates; for men and women who will give upŠnot their bloodŠbut theirgreed and base ambition and petty pride and dishonest practices, in order that wealth may not be able to destroy a virtuous people', and in order that the-swarming criminal classes may be lifted by persistent, de-voted effort into a true citizenship." Christians and War. Two bishops of the M. E. Church have given assur-ances that if war should come the Methodists will be-"ready to answer the call as in days gone by." How anybody can profess to be a Christian and pro-fess to know the Scriptures, and yet talk war, is a mys-tery exceedingly difficult to explain. The direct command of God, which all Christians whoŁ know the Bible profess profoundly to respect, is "Thom shalt not kill." Now how can any man sincerely respect that command and at the same time go to war. War means the killing of people. In war it is intended to kill people. In war every possible effort is made to kill peo-ple. Then, of all people, how much does a professed Christian who goes to war really believe in the command "Thou shalt not kill"? Again: When John the Baptist came as the forerunner of Christ, preaching to people that they should believe on Christ when he should come, he was asked by those who were already soldiers, "What shall we do?" And the answer came direct, among other things, "Do violence to no man." Now how can any man go to war, and yet do violence to no man? War in itself is violence and only violence. War seeks only to do violence to men. Chris-tians profess to be loyal to the principles of Christi-anity. One of these fundamental principles is "Do vio-lence to no man." How then can any professed Christian be loyal to his profession and yet go to war, which does. violence and only violence to men. Again: When the perfection of Christianity was ushered into the world by the birth of Jesus, the word which ac-companied it was "Peace on earth, good will to men." War is not good will to men. It does not intend good will to men. When these promised Methodists go to war, they do not go to preach peace on earth, nor good will to men. These bishops in promising Methodists for war are not preaching unalloyed peace: true they use the word "peace," yet it is always peace with a "but." And peace with a "but," is about the same as war with a. "but." Again: One of the Lord's disciples in a perfect crisis, drew a sword to make war. Jesus said to hira, "Put up, 