156 AavAmtticA_N; VOL. 9. No. 20: But I insist that the point of order can not be sus-tained against the paragraph on the ground the gen-tleman alleges, because as a matter of fact it reduces the number of chaplains to twenty. MR. BOWERS, of California. When? MR. WHEELER, of Alabama. As fast as vacancies occur; and there is nothing in the bill to provide that it shall not commence at once. MR. BOWERS, of California. Do I understand from the gentleman's view that no appointments are to be made until the number of chaplains is reduced below twenty ? MR. WHEELER, of Alabama. They can, under this provision of law, have the chaplains or ministers from the neighboring churches to come to the post. MR BOWERS, of California. But this provides for chaplains at every post. Now, there are ninety-eight of these posts, and we must increase the number by sixty-two in order to provide for them. MR. WHEELER, of Alabama. The gentleman, cer-tainly, did not read the bill properly. It authorizes the employment of ministers and does not create more chaplains. I think the limit of $1,500 ought to be reduced, and we could very properly incorporate a proviso in the bill that in no event should the expense incurred exceed the amount now paid to chaplains. This would fully answer the gentleman's objections. One expense of permanent chaplains my friend has overlooked. The retired chaplains are becoming very numerous. The number of chaplains now on the retired list are more than half as great as the entire active list. THE CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the point of order, and rules out the paragraph excepted to. In this case, therefore, the Government did not commit itself to further facilitating religious instruction in the army by ap-propriation of public money. Australian Correspondence. THERE are organizations in existence and at work here for the purpose of en-forcing the Sunday, and other like meas-ures, the same as in America. We have the "Council of the Churches," the " Christian Electors' Association," the " Scripture Education League," the " Lord's Day Observance Society," and the " Anti-Sunday Traveling Society." They answer exactly to the National Reform Association, the American Sab-bath Union, and the like over there. And they are beginning to be quite active. They are speaking out recently in no un- certain tones. In the language of Mr. H. H. George, they mean to show the Parlia-ments over here that these are Christian nations, or colonies rather. They are sending out circular letters to the electors, or voters, telling them how to vote. Yet they will assert in these very letters that they are " neither political nor ecclesias-tical, in the limited sense of the term, but ethical." They boldly declare that they want the " balance of power " placed in the hands of the Christian element of the country. They are besieging the various premiers of the colonies to have Sunday entertainments and amusements stopped, as the churches cannot stand the competi-tion. They say they want the present Sunday laws "vigorously enforced," and more of like legislation. The New South Wales Parliament has already acceded to their demand that Sunday concerts and amusements shall be stopped, though the premier of this colony, Sir George Dibbs, set up a deputation from the " Council of Churches " that recently waited on him praying against these things, in pretty good shape. Here is a little of the con-versation that passed between them, as reported in the Sydney Daily Telegraph, of February 17, 1894 :Š Slit GEORGE DIBBS. What is this Council of the Churches ? MR. WALKER It is the representatives of the six largest Protestant denominations of the colony, the Anglicans, the Presbyterians, the Wesleyans, the Con-gregationalists, the Baptists, and the Primitive Meth-odists. It is desired that the Premier should enforce  the law in regard to Sunday entertainments. A charge is being made for admission at the Alhambra and the Tivoli. SIR GEORGE DIBBS. Have you been there ? MR. WALKER. No. SIR GEORGE DIBBS. Where is the Tivoli ? MR. WALKER. I don't know. Several members of the deputation : In Castlereagh Street. SIR GEORGE DBMS. Which of you was there last ? A member of the deputation explained that they had got others to go there. SIR GEORGE DIBBS. Oh! MR. WALKER. These entertainments are of a sec-ular character. Sin GEORGE DIMS. What do you call secular? Ma. WALKER. They are by no means sacred in any form. They are comic. And we have evidence that they sing parodies of sacred songs. SIR GEORGE DIBBS. Have you been able to draw the line between secular and sacred music ? I have made several attempts and failed. Mr. Walker complained that it was a desecration of the British Sunday. SIR GEORGE DIBBS. What is the British Sunday ? I have heard of British beer, but not of British Sun-day. MR. WALKER. I think you know what it is. Ł SIR GEORGE DIBBS. I don't know what it is. Do you go to the two tables of stone for it ? MR. WALKER. Yes. SIR GEORGE DIBBS. Then you are out of court: After another discussion— SIR GEORGE DIBBS. You clergymen, you know, are too exacting; and because you are too exacting, the people are obliged to resort to these tricks (of adver-tising " free " and then charging an admission). MR. WALKER. Do you think there is any great cur-tailment of liberties of the people of New South Wales ? SIR GEORGE DIBBS. You must recollect that you cannot make good people by Act of Parliament. The Rev. Dill-Macky said they were afraid of a con-tinental Sabbath. By and by they would want the law a little more stringent. Then they should be able to deal with the dancing saloons that open on Sunday. From this it can be seen that we are likely to have as lively times over here soon as you have had in America. How this treatment of this deputation is regarded by the religious press may be seen from the following quotation from the Australian Christian World, of Feb-ruary 22, 1894:Š A more miserable, pitiful, shuffling reception of an influential deputation could scarcely be imagined, yet it is only natural, from the simple fact that the Church is not recognized as a factor in politics. The churches of the land have taken no part in the political life of the country. The Church, as a Church, has no vote nor influence in Parliament, so it is simply sneered at by the premiers. Some of the remarks made by Sir George Dibbs were little short of blasphemous, such as, for instance, when Rev. John Walker said that such concerts as were being given in these places of amusement were a desecration of the British Sun day, the premier sneeringly said : " What is the British Sunday ? I have heard of British beer, but not of British Sunday." This will give you a little idea of what is in the wind here. The spirit of perse-cution is abroad in the land. Only last Sunday my nearest neighbor, a devout Presbyterian, got quite angry because my two children were playing in an open field back of our lot, in the sand with their little toy cars. He commanded them to go home, and threatened to whip them if they did not. When I went over to ask for an explanation of his course and find out who was supposed to have jurisdiction over my children, he said that if we stayed here we must keep the Sunday; and if these things were not stopped he would take measures to see that they were, and would make it " hot for us." Of course, I told him that this was not the Christian way of doing; that we observed the seventh day and expected to go about our business on Sunday the same as on other days; and that I thought we would get along all right if he would simply attend to his own affairs and not try to run the whole neigh-borhood. But this only illustrates the spirit that is being aroused as the wit- nesses for God's Sabbath begin to scatter out into the world preparatory to the last great conflict and struggle. The signs truly are thickening on every hand for the great battle. W. A. COLCORD. "Catholicity in Macedonia." Tms is the heading of an article which appeared March 4, in the Western Watch-man, of St. Louis, "A Catholic journal devoted to the iterests of the Catholic Church in the West." There are several points in the article that are very signifi-cant and worthy of careful consideration. It is as follows :Š The Catholics who in 1870 were not more than 2,000 to 3;000 are to-day at least 30,000, thanks to the energy of Mons. Miladenoff. The sacrifices which the converts from among the schismatists are obliged to make is ample, proof of their sincerity. The apostolic zeal of the bishop has obtained for him the imperial firman, which gives him extraordinary authority in his diocese, authority not only in ecclesiastical, but in the civil courd! Thus transports, bills of sale, etc., have no value without the seal of the Catholic bishop ; all his sentences on matrimonial contracts and others, have to be executed without further investigation or proof by the civil authorities; and he has to give diplomas to school teachers. Where is there a gov-ernment more clerical and ultramontane than that of the Sultan? This, then, is " Catholicity in Macedo-nia." But as the article appears in a journal " devoted to the interests of the Catholic Church " in America, and thanks " the energy" of the promoter of this Catholic-ity, and calls it apostolic zeal," may we not justly conclude that this is true Cath- olicity in America ? But there need be no question as to whether this is Catholicity in this coun-try, and every other. It has been such ever since Constantine, over one thousand years ago, established the evil precedent of allowing the Catholic bishops to rule in civil affairs. The historian Gibbon gives a description of that precedent that has a striking similarity to parts of the article just quoted. He says:Š The Latin clergy, who erected their tribunal on the ruins of the civil and common law, have modestly accepted, as the gift of Constantine, the independent jurisdiction, which was the fruit of time, of accident, and of their own industry. . . . The arbitration of the bishops was ratified by a positive law; and the judges were instructed to execute, without appeal or delay, the episcopal decrees.ŠDecline and Fall, ch. XX., par. 25. The custom, then, of allowing Catholic ecclesiastics jurisdiction in civil courts, supreme courts at that, was in Rome, "the fruit of time, of accident, and of their own industry." But the " extraor-dinary authority ' of the Bishop of Mace-donia, " not only in ecclesiastical, but in civil courts," is attributed to his " apos-tolic zeal." Apostolic zeal! What a travesty on the love and fervor of those holy men of old, who went forth at the command of Him who said, " All power is given unto me. . . . Go ye there-fore into all the world, and preach the gospel!" This was all the "firman " they required; and it gave them extraor-dinary power too. It also forever forbade them, and all who would follow Him who sent them, from seeking any power but that of the gospel, which is the power of love. But all who forsake this imperial firman are thereby deprived of its power, and as power they will have, they seek that of the State, which is that of force alone. But that this evil should be done undo the guise of Christianity, as " apostolic zeal," is a shame and blight on that holy cause. But this is Catholicity, Satan's 