186MEIL-LIC_A_N-  Von. 9, No. 24. presence of Christ with those who are his, and of his manifestation to them and in them. In one word, this is the gospel. Without it there is no gospel of Christ. The Lord's own definition of the gospel is that it is Christ in believers the hope of glory. And here it is: " Be not moved away from the hope of the gospel, which ye have heard . . . Whereof I am made a minister . . Ł to fulfill the word of God; even the mys-tery which hath been hid from ages and from generations, but is now made man-ifest to his saints; to whom God would make known what is the riches of the glory of this mystery among the Gentiles: which is Christ in you the hope of glory; whom we preach." Col. 1: 23-28. Christ in men the hope of glory; God manifest in the flesh; this and this alone is the gospel of Christ. The preaching of this is the only preaching of the gospel of Christ. And therefore Paul tells us that " It pleased God to reveal his Son in me that I might preach him among the Gen-tiles." Gal. 1: 15, 16. Not revealed to him only, but revealed in him; and re-vealed' to him by being revealed in him. He was to preach Christ in men the hope of glory; but he could not possibly do this unless he knew Christ in himself the hope of glory. It was not enough to preach about thisŠhe must preach this in very fact. It was not the thing to do to preach about him, but to preach him. So also with the twelve: they knew of him, and he had been revealed to them in n outward way; but this was not enough. He commanded them to tarry in Jerusalem till they were endued with power from on high, and said, "Ye shall receive pewee after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you: and ye shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem, and in all Judea, and in Samaria, and unto the uttermost parts of the earth." He also said to them: " It is expedient for you that I go away. For if I go not away the Comforter will not come unto you; but if I depart I will send him unto you." He had been with them now three years or more, and yet there were some of them who were not con-verted, and none of them really knew him for what he was. And even while he was speaking these things they did not under-stand him. It was expedient for them and for us that he should go away that the Comforter might come. For one moment of the presence and the power of the Holy Spirit in the heart and upon the mind would give more of the knowledge of Christ than would ten thousand years of outward ob-servation. They were to preach him in men the hope of glory, and to do this they must know him in themselvesŠnot outside of themselves and with the natural obser-vation only. And when he had gone back to heaven and on Pentecost had shed forth the abundance of his Spirit, converting the heart and enlightening the mind, though he was so far away from them in his bodily form, yet his real presence was actually nearer, and they knew infinitely more of him and his teachings from the first day that they ever saw him than they d'id in all the time that they were with 1-Line as he was on the earth. Then they could preach him. Then they could preach him as lie is. Then and not till then were they prepared to prep eh the living gospel which is the living Christ in you the hope of glory." THUS " God who commanded the light  to shine out of darkness, bath shined in our hearts, to give the light of the knowl-edge of the glory of God in the face of Jesus Christ. And this treasure we have in earthen vessels, that the excellency of the power may be of God and not of us. . . . Always bearing about in the body the dying of the Lord Jesus, that the life also of Jesus might be made manifest in our body. For we which live are alway delivered unto death for Jesus' sake that the life also of Jesus might be made man-ifest in our mortal flesh." 2 Cor. 4: 6, 10, 11. " For I through the law am dead to the law that I might live unto God. I am crucified with Christ; nevertheless I live; yet not I, but Christ liveth in me : and the life which I now live in the flesh I live by the faith of the Son of God who loved me and gave himself for me." Gal. 2: 20. SUCH is the Scripture doctrine, the true doctrine, of the real presence of Christ with his people and in his people. It is the presence of Christ himself in the believer by the creative power and over-shadowing of the Spirit of God. This is the mystery of God. Col. 1: 26, 27. We ask the reader to study it carefully, and preserve this paper till our next issue, when we shall examine the papal doctrine of the " real presence." "The-Commonweal of Christ." THE religious phase of the Coxey move-ment is as strange and weird as the move-ment itself is ominous. By it the influ-ence of fanaticism is added to the urgent demands of physical necessity; and the Coxey " soldiers " marching toward Wash-ington in pursuit of the phantom Govern-mental Bounty, are transformed into ver-itable crusaders, inspired by that strongest of all motives, religious zeal. So-called orthodoxy has for years taught that sometime a millennium of peace and plenty will come wherein every man will sit under his own vine and fig tree; and in the dire necessities of the evil times upon which we have fallen, men have conceived the idea of ushering in that age of peace by their own effortsŠby war if necessary. And so we find the Labor Advocate saying : " Coxey's army went in peace, but if there is not relief granted soon, the next army will go with their war paint on." Thus far only two divisions of this army have actually reached Washington; but the spirit is not dead; neither have the causes that gave rise to the movement ceased to exist. And, as before remarked, to the desperation of dire want has been added the spirit of religious fanaticism. Speaking in the United States Senate, May 10, of the Coxey movement, a South-ern senator said :Š Its divisions and corps are moving upon this Capitol from every quarter of the compass save one. From every section of this Union save that one section they are coming, and we are confronted with the marvelous spectacle of portions of the people in every section except in one turning a listeninsŁ''  ear to the appeals of Mr. Coxey and his lieutenants. The section in which the Commonweal Army, as it is called, has received few or no recruits is the South. Senator Gordon's words were probably true when uttered, but they are only tech-nically true now. There may be no divi-sions actually marching from the South, but the same spirit of unrest that has brought forth organized armies in the North and West is bearing a like fruit in the South; and there the religious phase is more marked than in other sections of  the country. Southern blood is warm, and Southern religious zeal is ardent; and what the first Commonwealers merely hinted at or claimed with becoming mod-esty, namely, a divine commission and a spiritual goal, their Southern brethren assert with a positiveness born of honest though mistaken conviction. The Com-monweal, published at North Birming-ham, Ala., in its issue of May 31, pub-lishes the following :Š T h e Alabama Army OF THE Commonweal of Christ. (RESERVES) PROCLAMATION OF PRINCIPLES. PEACE ON EARTH, GOOD WILL TOWARD MEN, BUT DEATH TO INTEREST ON BONDS. CESSATION OR REPUDIATION. STARVING IN THE MIDST OF PLENTY! ENSLAVED IN THE MIDST OF DEMOCRACY! EXERCISING EVERY CON-STITUTIONAL RIGHT! We are brought into a condition of DIRE DESTITUTION, DESOLATION AND DESPERATION by the PUBLIC PROSTITUTES OF PLUTOCRACY. "We hold: that there are certain SELF-EVIDENT, (constitutional) OSSIFIED rights; among which are, life, liberty and happiness." The "Right of Pursuit" has NOT OSSIFIED. It has been " o'er well" EXER-CISED. WE HAVE BEEN IN IT. The guarantee of its " inalienable " nature has been more than fulfilled;  we have been utterly unable to shake it off ; yea, we have been ALLOWED TO DISSIPATE in the DESOLATION of " PURSUIT," until we are DESTITUTE, DESOLATE AND DESPERATE, but not DESPONDENT, thank God ; and our BURDEN BEARING BODIES are TIRED, and the conditions are hard and press heavily, but THEY are not OSSIFIED. We hold: with all plutocracy's prostitutes, that all "constitutional rights" are for a SOOTHING DECEP-TION, to make a PEACEFUL SLAVE, and with all HONOR ABLE STATESMEN, ancient and modern, that they are " CORDS which BIND the WEAK," but " COBWE130 through which the STRONG BREAK WITH IMPUNITY," We hold: that the " inalienable " nature of all " CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHTS " are ADMITTED and the EFFECTIVE EXERCISE of NONE PERMITTED. We hold: that the Constitution BINDS US to the DEAD PAST, BLINDS US to the ever LIVING PRESENT and GLORIOUS FUTURE, and SHIELDS our enemies from our RIGHTEOUS WRATH. We hold ; that, as long as God and man produces, an " overproductior, as long as the producer is enti-tled to what he produces, Legislators are responsible for his successful (harmless) spoliation and robbery;  and as long as the Divine and human producers, pro-duce a sufficiency, Legislators are responsible for gen-eral prosperity; and will be so held, by a brave and honest people. We hold: that "existence is perpetual subsistence," hence, that all human existence, all government, sub-sists by and through the producerŠ the man that labors. We hold: that all Natural, monopolies naturally, belong to the people. LAND. Ł We hold: that, the land is the God-given heritage of all the people, "Shall not be sold forever," and that His fiat is sufficient. Hence we declare, that USE and OCCUPANCY is the only Christian title, and that man's necessities cover the ground. LABOR. We hold: that, the producer owns all that he pro-duces and that "he that defraudeth him thereof is a man of blood." " If he will not labor, neither shall he eat." We declare that the producer, now, creates ten dollars and fifty cents per day, and gets one dollar per day. MONEY. We hold: that, the same cause which produces the value of a corner lot, the aggregation of the people and their necessities, produces money, the Vehicle for the exchange of those necessities; therefore, the FIAT of a Self-governing people makes money, which is the final, the greatest expression of their Sovereignty, and the Resting Place of Freedom;  Hence we declare: that, the people are entitled to a FULL supply of money, which will destroy our greatest enemy, 