2/2 VoL. t. f443. J4. NEW YORK, AUGUST 30, 1894, W' ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. IN connection with the first-page notes in this issue, read " Saint Worship," on page 267, and see to what folly and super-stition the pope of Rome invites " the princes and peoples of the world." THE publication of the article on the primacy of St. Peter, promised two weeks ago, is begun in this number. Let no one fail to read it. It will be " dry " only to those who have no conception of the im-portance of the question discussed. CAN the plea of conscience be admitted by the State as a justification for the vio-lation of law ? If not, is a conscientious man debarred from pleading the rights of conscience ? This perplexing question is made as clear as a sunbeam in the article on another page entitled, " The Rights of Conscience." Read it. Ł IT was for the building of St. Peter's cathedral in Rome that indulgences were sold in the 16th century. Martin Luther protested, and the Reformation followed. An exact copy of the church at Rome, one-eighth its size, is being erected in Montreal, Quebec, and indulgences are sold to raise the money with which to de-fray the expenses of construction. Will there be a reformation in Quebec in the 19th century ? THE Sunday closing mania has reached the town of New Canaan, Conn. A so-ciety has been organized among the church people, and on a recent Sunday the proprietors of butcher shops, groceries, drug stores, news stands, and livery stables were arrested and their places of business closed. Later a compromise was effected by which the butcher shops and groceries are allowed to keep open until eleven o'clock. There is still war between the society and the druggists and livery-men. The liverymen say if their business is interfered with in the future, they will arrest any church member or person who rides out on Sunday, save to and from church, since the law says no one shall "engage in any sport or recreation on Sunday." WHITESTONE, L. I., not far from this city, has undertaken a crusade against Sunday excursions. There are in the cities of New York and Brooklyn, with their nearly three millions of people, tens of thousands who are dependent, upon their daily labor and 4ho have no oppor-tunity for recreation except on. Sundayi  These flock to the seashore and to the  various resorts on Sunday. Hitherto Whitestone has received its share. In order to stop this the council of that village passed an ordinance prohibiting the landing of excursionists there on any day. On Sunday, August 19, the police made a partially successful effort to en-force the " law." The Law and Order League is back of the movement, which is in the interests of Sunday sacredness. The Supreme Court has since enjoined the village authorities from interfering with excursionists. LET no reader of the AMERICAN SENTI-NEL, while enjoying the comforts of home and the free exercise of religious convic-tions, forget that a fellow-man is confined in a Tennessee jail for no other offense than following the dictates of his con-science in the matter of Sabbath observ-ance. In this connection it might be well to also remember that in Maryland and Georgia several Sunday cases are now pending. It is almost a foregone conclu-sion that in at least two or three of these cases imprisonment will follow. Still other States have upon their statute books the necessary laws for inaugurating an era of persecution, and the National Reformers of the various schools and under various names, are fast manufac-turing the public sentiment which will erelong set the machinery of the law in motion against those who honor the Bible Sabbath and disregard the papal Sunday. CATHOLICS are persecuting Methodist missionaries in South America. The Methodists petitioned Archbishop Ireland to petition Satolli to petition the pope to become the champion of religious liberty in South America, where there is a chance to put his beautiful theories set forth in *`the United States, into actual practice. This was a perplexing matter. These sugar-coated religious liberty pills were for American Protestant palates and not for Spain or South America. Satolli replied as follows :Š DEAR SIR: Your letter of June 22 and document dated July 12 came duly to hand. The enclosed copy of the encyclical letter of our holy father is, I think, the most fitting reply I can make. The encyclical addresses princes and peoples, calling them back into the Roman Catholic Church. The answer to the Methodists who ask for liberty in South America from papal persecution is in sub-stance "come back into the Roman Cath-olic Church and you can have it." Meth-odists, and all lovers of equal liberty, will spurn such an answer. But it is the same answer which persecuted Seventh-day Ad-ventists are receiving in Maryland, and elsewhere, from Methodists. When the Seventh-day Adventist asks freedom from Methodist persecution the answer is, " Keep Sunday and you can have it." That is, come Łback to the practice of our church's view of the Sabbath and the per-secution will cease. THE Law and Order Society of Pitts-burg, Pa., has not been active for some-time, and as the Christian Statesman puts it, " Sabbath desecration has increased to such an extent that a movement has been begun among the young people's societies of the various denominations to organize the entire better element of the two cities, [Pittsburg and Allegheny] into an im-mense Law and Order Society. Every minister in Pittsburg, is said to be com-mitted to the support of the undertaking." Of course the Sunday ministers are com-mitted to the support of the movement; having no divine warrant for Sunday observance, and no divine law to bind the consciences of the people to it, they are ever ready to avail themselves of the serv-ices of the State to uphold their dogma. SPEAKING recently in Allegheny, Pa., on " Law versus Lawlessness," Rev. J. S. Hutson, pastor of the Nixon Street Baptist Church, said:Š The many labor troubles in this country are not conflicts between capital and labor, but conflicts be-tween intelligent Christian citizenship and ignorance, vice and anarchy. In those days when they had no king in Israel every man did what was right in his own eyes. God was their king and the principle of subjection was religious, but the people generally were irreligious. The same thing has been true in all ages, and is emphatically true to-day. The race of man, apart from Christ and Christianity, is unwilling to be governed by just and wise laws. Well, we know the result of a strike for a larger liberty and higher wages. The result has always been the same. It is strange that men should be so slow to learn and so ready to forget the meaning of those old-time phrases, " Thou Shalt" and "Thou Shalt Not." In olden times God himself was the lawgiver and king, and every man was personally responsible to him for his conduct. The purpose of Christ and Christianity is to bring man back into subjection and under the authority oeGod. And the speaker might have added that it is the purpose of National Reformers and American Sabbath Unionists to ac-complish this, not by the preaching of the gospel and by getting men converted, but by civil law; and that the authority of God to which they propose to bring men, is the authority of God as interpreted by these pseudo-reformers; and that under their proposed regime men are not to be personally responsible to God, but to civil rulers for the discharge of their duties to God. These so-called reformers want to share with Leo XIII. the " regency of God on earth." Is Mr. Hutson one of them ? or is he a true Baptist ? JUST before going to press, the follow-ing telegram was received from Gaines-ville, Ga. :Š Indictment against Keck and McCutchen quashed and case dismissed. Eld. W. A. McCutchen and Prof. E. C. Keck, both Seventh-day Adventists, were arrested for disturbing the peace by doing common labor on Sunday, and arraigned before the mayor of Gainesville and fined $50. The case was appealed. Later, the parties were indicted by the grand jury and tried for violating the Sunday law. The jury disagreed. The telegram an-nounces the result of the second trial. 