troy man hear my tar* xndbiliiiia:'iwt 'judge him por==fiSiitchibt Ł VOLUmEc,Et.,  51; \  cr Ł THE S,4'icrINELF LIBERTY (Continuing American Sentinel) PUBLISHED WEEKLY AT 324 DEARBORN STREET, CHICAGO, ILL., BY THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. Entered at the Chicago Post Office as Second-Class Matter. SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, $1.00 L. A. SMITH, C. P. BOLLMAN, Editors. LIBERTY for a class of the people only is license; true liberty is for all alike. 0% .4 "ALL men are created equal, and are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights." <at ,at THE possession of unalienable rights is necessary to the development of character, without which there would have been no purpose in man's creation. .0 tat CIVIL governments are instituted among men to preserve, their natural rights, that they may have freedom to choose -between good and evil, unre-strained by anything save the admonitions of con-science. 0 0 To preserve natural rights men must be restrained from all actions that would invade such rights; hence there must be laws against murder, theft, as-sault, etc. But this does not contradict the state-ment that the Creator designs men to be free to  choose either good or evil. To restrain men from invading one another's rights -does not and can not hinder them from opening their hearts to evil thoughts and desires; it can not hinder them from leading lives which the Creator condemns. 4 To attempt by the agencies of civil government to make men live righteously before God is to take away from men that freedom of choice which he has given them and designs them to have as a condition necessary to the development of character'. But to use the power of civil government to make men re-spect each other's rights is to prelerve their -free-dom of choice. When civil government gets, into the sphere of religion, therefore, it does just the op-posite of that which it does in the secular sphere, and defeats the very purpose of its existence. AN OLD DECEPTION. Ł IT is not altogether strange that religious people in this age of the world should be seeking to fulfill the purposes of GodŁ by the use of worldly agencies, seeing it is true that so great:  and righteous a man as Abraham, the " father of the faithful," once com-mitted this same mistake himself. Abraham was a man who feared God, and was full of zeal for his cause; and God had chosen him from among men and told him that his seed was to,  be as the stars of heaven for number, and through him was to come the promised One in whom all families of the earth should be blessed. But Sarah, Abraham's wife, had no child, and as, the years passed on and no heir appeared to point to the_ful-fillment of the cherished promise, the vision of the di-vine agency working out the high designs of God grew CHICAGO, SEPTEMBER 6, 1900. NUMBER 35. 