300 AMERICAN SENTINEL. dition. This is the separating line between the Protest-ant and the Catholic. Here is another frank acknowledgment from a prom-inent member of the Protestant Episcopal church:Š "There are some points of great difficulty respecting the fourth commandment. . . . "In the first place we are commanded to keep holy the seventh day; but yet we do not think it necessary to keep the seventh day holy; for the seventh day is Satur-day. It may be said that we keep the first day instead; but surely this is not the same thing; the first day can-not be the seventh day; and where are we told in Scrip-ture that we are to keep the first day at all? We are commanded to keep the seventh; but we are nowhere commanded to keep the first day. There is another dif-ficulty on this subject: We Christians in considering each of the ten commandmdnts, turn to what our Lord says in explanation of them; for in the sermon on the mount he says, that 'not one jot or tittle' of the law shall fail; that he has come 'not to destroy but to fulfill' the law : and then he shows in the instance of the sixth, seventh, and third commandments, how he will require them to be fulfilled by Christians, not in the letter only, but in the spirit, the heart, and thought. . . . "The reason why we keep the first day of the week holy instead of the seventh is for the same reason that we observe many other things, not because the Bible. but because the Church has enjoined it."* Here is another from a Baptist clergyman:Š "There was and is a commandment to keep holy the Sabbath day, but that Sabbath day is not Sunday. It will, however, be readily said, with some show of triumph, that the Sabbath was transferred from the seventh to the first day of the week, with all its duties, privileges, and sanctions. Earnestly desiring information on this subject, which I have studied for so many years, I ask, Where can the record of such a transaction be found?ŠNot in the New Testament,Šabsolutely riot. There is no scriptural evidence of the change of the Sabbath institu-tion from the seventh to the first day of the week." "Of course I quite well know that Sunday did come into use in early Christian history as a religious day, as we learn from the Christian fathers and other sources. But what a pity it comes branded with the mark of pa-ganism and christened with the name of the sun-god, when adopted and sanctified by the papal apostasy, and bequeathed as a sacred legacy to Protestantism and the Christian world !"ŠFrom a paper read by Dr. Hiscox, before the Baptist Pastors' Conference, New York City, Nov. 5, 1893. In the face of all this is it not at least dangerous to try to compel by civil law a Seventh-day Adventist or Baptist to observe the first day of the week? Seventh-day Adventists believe that in observing Sunday men dishonor God and do honor to the papacy. Before this can be denied it must be shown from Scripture that God has removed his blessing from the seventh-day Sabbath and given men permission to desecrate it; that He has revoked his permission to men to work on that day "Plain Sermons on the Catechism," vol. i, pp. 834-336; by Rev. Isaac Williams, B. D., late Fellow of Trinity College, Oxford; Longmans, Green & Co., 15 E. 16th St., N. Y., and 30 Paternoster Row, London, E. C.; also James Pott & Co., N. Y. and commanded them to keep it holy. Where are these commands? A. F. B. "Religions Liberty in Washington. BY J: L. WILSON. "Absolute freedom of conscience in all matters of re-ligious sentiment, belief, and worship, shall be guaranteed to every individual, and no one shall be molested or dis-turbed in person or property, on account of religion; but the liberty of conscience hereby secured shall not be so construed as to excuse acts of licentiousness, or justify practices inconsistent with the peace and safety of the State. No public money or property shall be appropri-ated for, or applied to, religious establishment. No reli-gious qualification shall be required for any public office or employment, nor shall any person be incompetent as a witness or juror, in consequence of his opinion on mat-ters of religion, nor be questioned in any court of justice touching his religious belief to affect the weight of his tes-timony." So reads Section 11 of Article 1 of the "Declar-ation of Rights," of the constitution of the State of Washington (ratified 1889). Again, we read from Article 26, the "Compact With the United States" "First, That perfect toleration of religious sentiment shall be secured, and that no inhabitant of this State shall ever be molested in person or property on account of his or her mode of religious worship." These articles would seem to give to every person in this State freedom to worship God according to the dic-tates of his own conscience; but though their language is so plain, there are some who are deprived of the liberty granted them under this constitution, as the following will show:Š "At 11 :30 o'clock last night the agreement was reached; and under instructions from the court a sealed verdict was permitted and the jurors were allowed to go home. . . . At 9 o'clock this morning they were again brought into court, when a call of the jury developed that one of the jurymen was missing. This juror was D. A. Webb, a devout Seventh-day Adventist, who last night had asked to be excused until Monday before the verdict had been received and whose request was refused. In as_ certaining who was missing, the court sent the sheriff after him and dismissed the jury. "In a short time Deputy Sheriff McClelland located the missing juror at Sabbath-school and brought him to the court. Then the verdict of the jury was announced. . . The result of the jury's findings was not near so interesting to the audience by this time as what the court would do with the recalcitrant juryman. The suspense was not of any length, however, for as soon as the clerk had read the verdict, the court asked Mr. Webb what ex-cuse he had to offer for his action in not reporting with the rest of the jury. The juryman replied: `The Consti-tution of the United States allows every man to worship in any manner he sees fit.' That was as far as he got_ 