542 AMERICAN SENTINEL. of herself and her institutions by the United States Gov-ernment. She will make it appear that any interference with the church in -the Philippines would be religious persecution, and will invoke the principles of religious freedom, which utterly forbid union of church and state, in her support. It is said that she has already secured from the Government a promise that the religious or-dersŠthe monks, etc Šin the islands shall not be dis-turbed. The Government will have not only to settle with Spain, but with the Vatican. And if American principles are to be maintained in the settlement, the Vatican will present the chief obstacle to be overcome. Religious Liberty in Austria. UNTIL recently, the people in Austria were required by law to belong to one of the several churches recognized by the State; but this requirement has been removed, and the people may now belong to any church or no - church, as they see fit. Under this condition of things there has been there a rapid development of a sect which dissents from the Orthodox State Church. Because of this dissent they are termed by their enemies religious anarchists, though it is admitted that in their lives they are quiet, industrious, and peaceable. The following character sketch of this noteworthy religious movement is given in The Independent, of this city:Š "The indications are increasing that the `Rascol,' or religious dissent movement, which in Russia has es-tranged millions from the Orthodox State Church, is proving contagious in neighboring lands also. Recently the movements of the Nazarenes, a peculiar sect in Hun-gary, have attracted widespread attention, their official confession having been published in a number of leading church papers on the Continent, notably in Germany. It is stated that their organization is the outgrowth of a destructive anti-State Church propaganda, and that they are pronounced religious Nihilists, characterized by non-eonfessionalism. They are found chiefly in Western Hungary, the agitation being particularly successful among the working classes. In Southern Hungary it has spread among the peasants, especially in those dis-tricts where the gospel of Agrarian Socialism has found such a ready acceptance. "The recruits to this new sect are secured mainly from the Greek Oriental Servians and the Calvinistic Re-formed Magyars. The motives for severing their connec-tion with the State Church are not always of a religious kind and origin. This step is frequently taken in order to escape heavy taxation for church and cultus purposes. Sometimes it is the result of disagreement with the priests and the clergy. "The growth of the sect has been advanced materially by the law of religious freedom that was promulgated in Hungary in 1895. Before that time the law required every citizen to belong to one of the churches recognized by the State; but now the status of 'non confessionalism' or non-membership in any religious communion is ac-ceptable to the State. When the adoption of this law  was under consideration, it was urged that it would re-sult in great harm to the historical and established churches and give rise to ecclesiastical anarchism and radicalism. The rapid spread of the Nazarenes shows that these fears were fully justified. In the case of the Agrarian Socialists there non-confessionalism was devel-oped into a fullŁfledged atheism. "The Nazarenes, too, are very radical. They enter-tain principles antagonistic to the existing social order of things; they refuse under any circumstances to take an oath; refuse also to enter the army and prefer to sub-ject themselves to the severest punishments rather than take weapons of war into their hands. The military authorities of Austria have had as much trouble with the Nazarenes as those of Russia have had with the Men-nonites. "The Nazarines have no priests; their 'elders' perform marriage ceremonies, conduct services, and the like. In this respect as in others, e. g., their exemplary moral life and industry, they closely resemble the Russian Stun-dists. Their conduct is marked by its peacefulness, will-ingness to help each other and their neighbors, and by a religious zeal for the spread of their peculiar teachings and tenets that borders on fanaticism. The church au-thorities, high and low, are considerably perplexed at the phenomenal growth of this religious dissenting move-ment, in which they recognize a great danger to church and state." A Moderate Ambition. "Youth's Companion." A PROSPEROUS florist in New Orleans used to tell to his friends the following incident of personal experience, which may contain a suggestion for other fathers and sons:Š "My father," he said, "was a shrewd Swiss; a me-chanic. He died when my brother and I were lads. Find-ing that his health was such as to give promise only of a few months of life, he said to us one evening, have but little money to give you, only enough to educate you and start you in business in a humble way. Let me ad-vise you to become florists, or vegetable or bee-growers. For this reason: I foresee that there will be a great com-petition in most kinds of 'business in this country, and because of this competition, men working for wages will be forced to accept low returns for their work. In the occupations I have mentioned you will not need to em-ploy many men, and you need not necessarily be em ployed by anyone. You can, if you are wise and not eager to get rich, be comparatively free and unshackled. " 'Another reason is, that if you do your work mainly yourselves there are few temptations in these employ-ments. You are not likely to squabble with pears, or strawberries, or potatos, and if your principal compan-ions and friends are bees and roses they will not tempt you to drink or to gamble.' "I have never regretted," said the man, "that I fol-lowed his counsel and chose a quiet, obscure career in which there are small profits and a reasonable degree of independence." 