130 AmnnrcAN Vol.. 8. No. 19. Constitution before the law of entail was abolished in the State of New York. The truth is, that arrangements for the support and inculcation of religion are, under the American system, left in the hands of the people of each State. If this fact was once brought home by American Catholics to the clergy of Quebec, the luke-warmness with which the latter at present regard the movement for conti-nental union would be transformed into earnest, concerted, and triumphant advo-cacy. Dangerous Defenders. THE newspapers report that in South Carolina a young woman has been excom-municated from a Presbyterian Church because her engagement in a telephone company requires her to render telephone service on Sunday, and that in Pittsburg, Pa., the business manager of a daily pa-per has been fined for publishing a Sunday edition. A few months ago a Sabbatarian in Tennessee was fined by the courts for working on his farm on Sunday; he felt himself compelled by his conscience to ob-serve the seventh day instead of the first as his Sabbath. These cases illustrate a curious ignoring of the function of law in its relation to the religious life. That function is not to compel righteousness, but to protect rights. It is true that the fourth commandment forbade any manner of work; and that under that law a man was put to death for gathering fuel on the Sabbath day. But the Israelites had just been released from slavery, and their condition had been one of continuous and unbroken toil. The Sabbath day of rest was given them as a boon, not imposed upon them as a burden; but in order that all might possess the boon it was necessary to protect it, at the outset, with vigorous regulations, and en-force them with severe penalties. And in a community in camp, essentially an army on the marchŠand this was the condition of Israel in the WildernessŠa strictness of rule is required which in a community settled in homes would be unendurable. But even in the Wilderness the Sabbath was, legally, merely a day of rest. The fourth commandment required no reli-gious observance; it simply prohibited toil. Christ did not abolish the day; nor did he so much enlarge its liberties, or modify its character, as to give it a new and divine interpretation. He walked out with his disciples on the Sabbath, cured the sick, bid the healed carry his bed, ap-proved his disciples as they gathered the wheat and ate it while they were walking through the wheat-field, and went as an invited guest to a dinner-party of consid-erable social importance. He gave the key to the right use of the Sabbath in his memorable saying, "The Sabbath is made for man, not man for the Sabbath." The familiar distich, This is the day the Lord hath made, He calls its hours his own, exactly reverses the facts. God gives us six days in which we are to serve him; he sets apart one day in which he serves us and prepares us to render our service dur-ing the next six days. The Sabbath is a man's day, and he has a right to its priv-ilege; a right, too, to have the protection of both State and Church for this day; but also a right to be left free to use it ac-cording to his own judgment and con-science, provided that. use does not inter-fere with the rights of others. Something  might be said for a State which fined a farmer who called on his farm hands to work on the Sabbath, or for a church which excommunicated the president of a telephone company who required his em-ploy& to operate the telephone on the Sabbath. But to fine a farmer for quietly plowing his own land, or to excommuni-cate a young woman for being the medium for the transmission of telephonic mes-sages for such as wish to send them, is to contravene the spirit of Christian liberty and misinterpret the legitimate function of both State and Church. Whether it is legitimate to plow the land or operate a telephone on Sunday are questions we do not here discuss. We only insist that so long as these operations are carried on in a way not to interfere with the Sabbath rest of others, neither State nor Church has any right to interfere.ŠChristian Union. Shackles That Remain. IN his " Notes on Virginia," Thomas Jefferson says : " Besides, the spirit of the times may alter, will alter. Our rulers will become corrupt, our people careless. A single zealot may commence persecu-tion, and better men be his victims." Of the people, he says : " They will be for-gotten, therefore, and their rights disre-garded. They will forget themselves, but in the sole faculty of making money, and will never think of uniting to effect a due respect for their rights. The shackles, therefore, which shall not be knocked off at the conclusion of this war, will remain on us long, will be made heavier and heavier, till our rights shall revive or ex-pire in a convulsion." Was this spoken by inspiration ? Cer-tain it is, these words are fulfilled to-day. The spirit of the times has altered. Our rulers, our legislators, have become cor-rupt to such an extent as to sell the liber-ties of the Nation, the rights of the people, into the hands of a religio-political partyŠa religious hierarchy. The peo-ple have forgotten their rights, feeling that they were forever secured to them, in the sole faculty of making money. There were shackles that were not knocked off at that time, and these are becoming heavier and heavier. And now will the people rise and demand their rights, or will they sleep on till these rights shall expire in a convulsion ? Some of the shackles that remain to this day constitute a sort of Church and State union, in the providing of chaplains in the State and national Government, and in the army and navy ; in exemption of Church property from taxation; and in the religious laws that are found upon the statute books of almost every State in the Union. These, especially Sunday laws, are becoming a burden to the peo-ple. And now that Congress has given us a national Sunday law, these will be-come heavier and heavier under the spirit of intolerance and bigotry that exists, until persecution shall blight the fair name of every State in the Union. If the reader is inclined to say that this can never be, we only ask you to consider the ever-increasing demands for religious legislation; the persecutions of seventh-day observers in Arkansas; the noted case of King, in Tennessee, who was hunted to his death by his religious persecutors; and the more recent cases in the same State of quiet, inoffensive citizens con-demned to the chain-gang for following  their own convictions of conscience in matters of religion. I refer to the perse-cutions of the newsboys of Pennsylvania, and the efforts in the legislature of that State the past winter to secure more stringent laws in regard to what the State is pleased to call Sabbath-breaking. I refer you to a bill introduced into our own State legislature only a few weeks ago to make Sabbath-breaking " a misde-meanor punishable by a fine of $100 or ninety days imprisonment, or both." And this bill received a recommendation for passage by the committee to whom it was referred, under an amendment reduc-ing the fine one half. What do all these things mean ?ŠPublius, in Red Wing Argus, Minnesota, March 30, 1893. " Religious Intolerance." WITH the above for a heading the Ap-peal-Avalanche, Memphis, Tenn., of April 20, has quite a little to say in regard to the case of a young lady who has been dis-fellowshipped from the Second Presby-terian Church of Charleston, S. C., be-cause she worked in the telephone office on Sunday. The Appeal-Avalanche thinks that such a course is highly reprehensible, and can not be condemned too strongly. If it is religious intolerance to disfel-lowship from the church a young lady who persists in working on Sunday, what does the Appeal-Avalanche call the course taken by the authorities in Tennessee, who fined, imprisoned and worked in the chain - gang, honest, upright citizens who observe the true seventh-day Sab-bath and who exercise their constitutional and God-given right to work on Sunday ? Though the church is not censurable, still it is pleasant to see the sympathy of the Appeal-Avalanche for this young lady in South Carolina, as it certainly has missionary work to do in its own State, in correcting the actual " religious intol- erance " there. A. 0. TAIT. 41.-Ł  They Knavishly Miss the Mark. THE churches in Michigan are just now stirred over a proposed bill for the taxation of the Church property in the State. At a hearing this week in Lansing, a large number of clergymen appeared in opposition to the measure. The gentle-man who made the leading speech, Dr. Radcliffe, said, "We will render to Csar the things that are Caesar's," and turning to the legislators, " You render unto God the things that are God's." This was rather an unfortunate reference, for the text misused was spoken by Christ, on an occasion when the Jews tried to entangle him, hoping he would declare himself ex-empt from tribute intending thereupon to charge him with disloyalty to Caesar. But they failed and the Head of the Church laid down the principle that his Church is not exempt from the duty to pay tribute to the civil power which exists as the or-dinance of God to preserve civil order. This text used to be similarly misused in the days of the agitation against the church tax, levied in England upon dis-senters as well as churchmen, for the sup-port of the State Church. In those days when the newspaper had not come within the reach of the poorer people, the politi-cal ballad singer was a power in the land and the verse writer wielded about as much influence as the newspaper editor. One of these versifiers, Ebenezer Elliot, the poet of the Anti-Corn Law movement, 