AMERICAN SENTINEL. 107 erty, starved and mained more than half a million more, in a four years' domestic war, all for the "union," which is now only another term for "dominion." To do that we raised, equipped, and educated three millions of soldiers, and by so doing laid the foundation for an imperial military monarchy, which is as firmly but-tressed on wealth and military power and a military spirit of our people, as is the empire of any nation on earth. We cannot turn back,we cannot change a destiny, which we have, for forty years, almost unanimously acquiesced in, however much parties or individuals may have differed at intervals as to methods. Therefore let me say, your golden words of wisdom, which fill your every issue of the SENTINEL are wasted on noxious air. Individual liberty must become a myth save as to our rulers; not of the populace, nor need it be, for the populace have had their day, and have proved to be both ignorant, criminal and cor-ruptible. I read your most excellent paper, however, for auld fang sync, and then file it in our little city library, where I hope it meets the eyes of many of our people. It will at least serve to show how far we have already drifted from the moorings our grandsires marked for our safety. COL. P. T. TURNLEY. Points Worth Considering. LAYING aside all points in the recent disturbances among nations which are being used as political schemes, every candid mind must admit there are some things in connection with these wars that are well worth studying. There are lessons to be learned from them. For instance,. Why did the rebellion in the United States continue on for four long, weary'  ears? How came it that the war with Spain ended so quickly? Why is it that the Philippine question is not settled at once,Ša great nation at war with a small island power? How does it happen that the Boers in South Africa can cause such a mighty nation as England so much trouble? No human mind can answer these questions correctly, un-aided by the Word of God. Suppositions can be ad-vanced as to varying conditions and circumstances of contending armies, but these are not reasons. God loves one nation the same as another, so far as the people are concerned, for he "hath made of one blood all nations of men for to dwell on all the face of the earth." Acts 17: 26. With him these nations are not some great cumbersome affairs. "Behold, the na-tions [not one] are as a drop in a bucket, and are counted as the small dust of the balance." Isa. 40: 15. And still further, he permits them to develop so far, and when they reach certain limits, they must stop. There is a Power above, which ordains decrees, and well is it that nations do not try to go past their decreed bound-aries. "And hath made of one blood all nations of men  for to dwell on all the face of the earth, and hath determined the times before appointed, and the bounds of their habitation." All this is that men should "s. the Lord, "feel after him," and "find him." This p.inciple has run through all human history. A nation became corrupt through sin, even to the chosen nation of Israel (for God is no respecter of nations), and then some other na-tion with less corruption was raised up to punish and sub-due the offending one. Then it often occurredlhat this instrument would become exalted, taking all glory to itself,until it reached its limit before the Supreme,Ruler, and then the history would be repeated. All these changes were permitted to come to cause men to think about God, and "feel after him," and all who did so truly, found him, and were saved from earth's wreck. It is evident God had lessons for theiNorth as well as the South in the war of 1861-65. Slavery was an awful crime, and one charged against the whole nation. Perhaps the long dark history of Spain in religious bigotry and intolerance against the pure principles of the gospel of Jesus Christ had something to do in de-ciding the late war between her and the United States. But the principle of righteousness possibly is upon the other side in the contest, either in the far East or West, in the Philippine Struggle. At least it will be well to ponder carefully the history of the past before con-cluding that because a nation is rigt once or twice, it cannot but be right always. It does not count with God that a larger number stand upon one side in the contest, if the minority are in the right. God is in the right, and those who are'in the right are on the side of power. This same principle enters into all struggles whether present or past. The war in South Africa seems to illustrate this same principle. It is a wonder to all the world how such a small republic can hold out in the awful struggle with a great world power. But in it all is God's lesson. And may he grant that every honest soul shall learn the lesson, and feel after the Lord, and find him. He is "not far from every one of us." The gospel of Christ is not bound by national preju-dices, or opinions, or boundaries. The invitation to life is extended to every nation alike, to "every nation, and kindred, and tongue, and people." - Reader, are you pondering these things in the light of God's Word? Are you feeling after your God in these troublous times? T. E. BOWEN. - Smoking Stunts the Growth of Boys. WHATEVER difference of opinion there may be upon the advisability of smoking for men, there is none as to its pernicious effect upon boys. It affects the, action of the heart and reduces the capacity of the lungs. Young men who are being trained for athletics are not per- 