THE SENTINEL OF. LIBERTY. 703 THE 4( LIBERALITY" OF THE PAPAL CHURCH UNDER LEO XIII. Doctor Burt in Christian Advocate. 'AN approved biography of Leo XIII. contains the following statement: " It is an old and barefaced ac-cusation, which the enemies of the chin-eh have con-tinually repeated, that she does not,  give sufficient attention to education, and that even her priests are ignorant. But the reign of Leo XIII. has given a positive denial to all such assertions." The author, however, attempts to prove his statement by simply showing that the Pope has caused to be published a .ne edition of the works of Thomas Aquinas, has erected a statue to him in the Vatican, and has made the study of this learned philosopher to be introduced into all the universities, colleges, seminaries, and schools in the Roman Catholic world. But do these facts constitute Leo XIII. a leader among educa-tors? It is well known that Leo XIII. has always been one of the most zealous disciples of Thomas Aquinas. While he was bishop of Perugia he founded an academy fOr the special study of the " angelic doc-tor." In 1875, as cardinal, he presented to Pius IX. ,a request that Thomas Aquinas might be proclaimed , universal patron of all studies in the universities, academies,ancr seminaries of the world. In harmony with his views as bishop he issued an encyclical August 4, 1879, recommending the teach-ing of the philosophy of Thomas Aquinas in all the schools and seminaries. This he confirmed by an-other letter written October 15, 1879. On January 18, 188o, the Pope placed at the dis-posal of his editors sixty thousand dollars for the publication .of a new edition, of Thomas Aquinas, and again, on November 21, 1880, another sum of forty thousand dollars. On August 4, 1880, Leo XIII. declared his favorite philosopher to be, the patron saint of all Roman Catholic universities, colleges, and seminaries throughout the world. The Pope then recommended a thorOugh education for those whose special duty it might be to confute the doc-trines of the Reformation, " which education can be obtained only in the philosophy and scientific the-ology of which. Thomas Aquinas was maSter." * * * Every, book and pamphlet written by Roman Catholics during the reign of Leo XIII. which has contained a line or word expressing the right of free thought or of private judgment has been imme-diately placed, on the " Index," while the writers  have been compelled to choose between retraction and absolute submission or excommunication. Some time ago.the bishop of Cremona and, others 'were called to account for a certain liberal 'tendency in their writings. The Pope gave them to understand that they were to believe and hold all that Thomas Aquinas taught' and nothing else. Their lettersŁof retraction were as follows: " I deplore what Your holiness deplores. I desire what you desire and condemn what you condemn. I recognize no party but the Roman Church, and no father but the, head of that church." In a letter to the vicar-general of Rome; dated June 26, 1878, the Pope says: " In the midst of many reasons for rejoicing we have much sorrow because of the general condition of the church, especially here in Rome, the center of Catholicism and the seat Of the vicar of Christ. Here there is no restriction on the press; here Protestant churches are built even in the most populous streets, as if to insult us." Again, on July 12, 1878, he wrote anothe'r letter to the vicar-general, complaining of the liberty given to Protestants to build churches and open schools, by which means they " spread the poison of their errors." Then he issued the following decree: "The supreme excommunication, reserved as a special prerogative of the Pope, is hereby pronounced against all those who give their names to the heret-ical sects, of whatever denomination, who take part in their religious services or listen to their preachers, who print the'invitation to these services or the sub-ject of the discourses. They commit mortal sin who go to sing or play in Protestant churches, the pub-lishers who print Protestant books, and the archi-tects, contractors, masons, and laborers who work in the construction, repairs, or decoration of any Protestant church. Parish priests are hereby in-structed to see that no one will work for Protes-tants." This is not a document of the Middle Ages,' but one that emanated from Leo XIII. * * * In'his encyclical to the bishops of Hungary, Au-gust 20, 1886, which is really a political prograni for the Catholics of Hungary, the Pope speaks of the " modern sects as being more terribly fatal than the ancient Moslem." With the modern Moslem the Papacy seems to be in most cordial relations. * * * Ł The authorized biographer of the Pope says: "In his glorious pontificate Leo XIII. has given special attention to the religious orders, has encouraged them, and helped them to rise up into their former 