216 AMERICAN SENTINEL. THE findings of the Government Board of Inquiry charged with investigating the destruction of the U. S. battleship "Maine," fasten 'the responsibility for the oc-currence upon the Spanish government. While the Board did not announce this as a part of its report, it found that the battleship was destroyed by a submarine mine; and the explosion of a submarine mine in Havana har-bor under such circumstances as those prevailing at the time, could not have been accomplished without complic-ity on the part of the Spanish officials having supervi-sion and control of the defenses. * THE Supreme Court fiat that "this is a Christian na-tion," continues to be traversed by the action of the Government. On Sunday, the 27th inst., the President and his Cabinet, it is stated, instead of repairing to church, as is their custom, busied themselves in consulta-tions with reference to the situation which has developed in the relations of the Government with Spain, just as would be done on an ordinary day of the week. Of course rest on Sunday is not an obligation of Christianity, ac-cording to the Scriptures; but having treated Sunday as an ordinary day, the GovernmentŠas represented by its chief executive and his cabinetŠcannot even claim to be Christian from the standpoint of popular religious belief. BAcx in 1892 the Supreme Court of the United,States gave a decision which was accepted by the advocates of National Reform as making this "a Christian nation." Recently, however, the Supreme Court decided that it is proper for the city of Boston to prohibit preaching in the city upon public grounds without a permit from the mayor; and now the Christian Statesman refers to this as an act of the nation "in direct contravention" of the gospel commission. Hence, by decision of the Supreme Court, from the Statesman's standpoint, the nation is both Christian and antichristian. But what, in the light of such facts, must one conclude as to the real value of a Supreme Court fiat upon such a question? * THE New York Sun calls attention to the curious ef-fect of a Sunday closing proviso in the will of Mr. Lenox as regards the disposition of his library. This library is to be consolidated with the Astor library, and the two will constitute a great public library for the people of this  city. This library is to be open on Sundays, so the com-mittee having it in charge have decided; but they felt bound also by the Sunday proviso which covered a por-tion of it. The Sun says:Š "To the committee in charge of the consolidated liŠbrary this fact has been not a little disconcerting. The Lenox collection was too valuable either to leave out altogether or to slant from view on a certain day of the week. Some one at length suggested that the difficulty could be solved by applying the rule only to those books which had belonged personally to Mr. Lenox. This it was decided to do, and a sub-committee was appointed to look into the matter. But when this sub-committee made its investigations it found that, of all the collec-tion, those volumes possessed individually by Mr. Lenox consisted of a number of Bibles. These were accordingly set aside as coming under the law of the bequest, and on, coming Sundays when the public throngs the new library, the only books that will be hidden from its view will be a number of Bibles." * * PROBABLY with a view to the imminence of war be-tween this country and Spain, a bill has been introduced in the U. S. Senate to provide for an increase of chaplains in the United States army. The most interesting part of this bill consists in its citation, as a basis of argument, of a number of resolutions adopted recently by the Synod of the Presbyterian Church of Pennsylvania. The bill says that, "Whereas, the Synod of the Presbyterian Church of Pennsylvania, held recently at Chambersburg, Pennsylvania, unanimously adopted the following reso-lutions," "Therefore, Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War be, and is hereby, directed to consider the propriety of increasing the corps of army chaplains as suggested in the foregoing resolutions, and to report at the next session of Congress the advisability of the same." * * THE resolutions are as follows:Š "First That it is the unanimous judgment of this Synod that the present corps of Army chaplains should be increased to the number of the military posts, and to this end that our honorable Senators and Representatives in Congress be respectfully requested to give this impor-tant matter their early and earnest consideration. "Second. That inasmuch as it is not the policy of the War Department to provide religious literature for the Army, therefore this Synod would suggest the manifest propriety of our Presbyterian people sending occasional gifts of Bibles, hymn books, and other valuable publica-tions to the post libraries for the benefit of the soldiers. "Third. That as ministers of the gospel believing in the power of prayer, we should ever deem it our sacred duty and privilege to pray often, both in private and public, for the salvation of our brave defenders on land and sea. "Fourth. That the moderator, the stated clerk, and the chairman of the committee on army chaplains take such measures as shall most effectively bring the above - 