152 AMERICAN SENTINEL. MR. GOSCHEN, first lord of the British Admiralty, is authority for the statement that since The Hague peace conference more gigantic naval programs have been put forward by the powers than ever before had been con-ceived. The conference is only six months off. Ł Ł IN California, where church property has for some time been subject like other property to taxation, a movement has been started by the clergy to secure ex-emption for such property as is granted in other States. We are informed that "at a recent meeting of ministers and church members in San Diego a 'plan of campaign' was laid out, and a resolution adopted to levy an as-sessment on the churches to pay the expenses. The San Diego Daily Union states that the amendment was passed by both houses of the last California legislature, and will be submitted to the votes of the people at the election next November." Ł THE movement begun in this city by Roman Catho-lics to introduce religious instruction into the public schools, is, says the New York Christian Advocate, a scheme that "needs to be watched." And the Advocate adds: "There is no place in which to unite church and state in a republic." Ł Ł Ł The Advocate is right; but is it any worse, or any more a union of church and state, to teach religion in the public schools than to embody religious dogmas in the law of the landŠas for example the dogma that Sunday is a sacred day which it is wrong to "desecrate" by the doing of secular work? Ł Ł "EXPANSION," says the New York Journal, "can sur-vive open opposition, but it cannot survive treacherous conversion into imperial exploitation." It says this with reference to the tariff imposed upon Porto Rico. Yet the Journal has all along been an ardent champion of the principle of which the PortoŁRican tariff but repre-sents the putting into practise. The Journal has all along contended that the peop,e of Porto Rico had no ight to independenceŠno right against forcible annex-ation by the United States, yet now it contends just as vehemently for the right of the Porto Ricans to free  trade, under the Constitution. This is about like saying that a man has no right to live, but has a right to a, meal of victuals. Ł Ł Ł TROUBLE over the question of permitting Bible read-ing in a public school, is reported from New Antioch,. Ohio. An exchange says:Š "The school board directed the teacher, one Miss Pulse, to suspend Bible reading, but she refused to obey. The board then applied for an injunction to restrain her, but the judge decided that the power lay not with the court, but with the board itself, to restrain Miss Pulse,. and he dismissed the case. Upon this the board dis-charged the teacher and closed the school until another could be engaged who would obey orders and omit religious services from the program." * * AN exchange mentions that "several taxpayers of the town of Greenfield, N. Y have employed Judge J. L. Scott as attorney to apply to the Supreme Court for an injunction to restrain County Treasurer Grippen from paying to the Ballston Spa W. C. T. U. the $100 appro-priation made by the board of supervisors in December for the purpose of paying expenses for holding religious service on Sunday in the almshouse. The taxpayers rightly hold that the supervisors cannot spend county money for religious services, and that if the women of the Christian Temperance Union desire to send a mis-sionary to the almshouse they must do so at their own,  cost." Ł Ł Ł So far as Rome is concerned, it is evident the Cubans are not to have home rule. They must accept as their spiritual ruler a foreign bishop, Mgr. Sbarretti, who is so odious in their eyes that a general movement of opposi-tion has been started against him in the island. It is even asserted that if the protest of the people fails, they will organize their own church independently of the wishes of Rome. But independence of Rome means the-rejection of the Catholic religion. This the Cubans do not see, and until they do see it they will remain bound without knowing where the chains are that hold them in bondage. Ł Ł Ł ADMIRAL DEWEY has declared that the American navy needs to be largely increased, and his views on the-subject, as might be expected, are indorsed by other governmental authorities. In a statement before the House Committee on Naval Affairs, the admiral said:Š "We need a more powerful navy than we have at present for a number of important reasons. We need a navy large enough at all times to adequately protect our growing foreign commerce and our colonies and our coast lines from hostile nations. "The greatest strength of every country to-day lies 