796 AMERICAN SENTINEL. THE Actors' Society of America has petitioned the clergymen of New York for assistance in suppressing Sunday performances at the theatres The president of the society is quoted as basing this appeal on the fact, among others, that the Sunday theatrical performance is "demoralizing not alone to the actors, but to the com-munity in which the performance is given." The actors do not want to demoralize themselves, and they ask the clergymen of New York for the aid of their law-making influence, that they may be prevented from doing so. Besides this, they want one day in the week in which to appear natural. Whether they promised to attend church every Sunday in return for this ministerial aid is not stated. * * THE citizens of .Oanville, Ill., have recently been much stirred up over the operation of a Sunday-closing law secured not long since by the Barbers' Union. One bar-ber, the report states, kept open shop on Sunday and was arrested; whereupon he at once had warrants sworn out for the arrest of about thirty business men of the placeŠclothing merchants, druggists, restaurant keep-ers, newsdealers, etc.,Šwho were like himself, keeping their places of business open. It is said these cases will be appealed to the supreme court of the State. Bigotry, envy, and the spirit of retaliation are the natural avenues through which the Sunday laws are put into operation. OF the care of the Government for its wards, the In-dians, the New York Independent, in a late issue, says:Š "We are more and more dissatisfied that the Depart-rnent of the Interior takes no interest in the welfare of the Indians. Of course, the Indian Bureau is not respon-sible, as it cannot appoint an agent or an inspector. Admirable men for the very important position of in-spector of schools, which requires technical knowledge, are suggested purely on their own merit, and they are passed over for men who have no qualifications except personal or political influence. But what can we expect when a tried man like Dr. Hailman was dropped as su-perintendent of schools, to the sad loss of the service, purely for political reasons?" This is the way the Government cares for the unciv-ilized races under its authority right at home. It illus-trates the remark made by Dr. Parkhurst in late dis-course that "our policy of dealing with semi-civilized  folks and with savages is not just what you would call reassuring." And this being the way it cares for such people here on its own shores, what can reasonably be expected as regards the care it will exercise over savage races thousands of miles away? * * * A PRESS dispatch dated "Topeka, Kans., Dec. 13," says:Š "C. W. Walters, a Populist member of the Kansas House, wishes to transform the State by law into a mod-ern Canaan. If an extra session is called, he will again seek to have the ten commandments enacted as statutes. Walters is a well-to-do farmer of forty, residing in La-bette County. He is deeply religious. In 1897 he made his campaign and won on the platform of the Mosaic law." This is an example of the idea of government illus- trated on the front page of this issue. It is the idea which the National Reformers are trying to set up, in which they are being aided by the largest religious or-ganizations of the land, and which is involved in every religious law and every effort to secure legislation in be-half of a religious institution. RELIGION in politics is stirring the people of Centra-lia, Wash. A dispatch from that place to the Seattle Daily Times, dated Dec. 5, says:Š "This city is in the throes of a most intensely inter-esting municipal fight. Heretofore in city elections but little or no interest has been taken, but this year the people are all aroused. The cause of this is an attempt to enforce the state law requiring saloons and business houses to close and remain closed on Sunday. A mass convention of citizens was held at McNitt's Hall Friday evening to place a ticket in nomination. A resolution was read pledging all candidates of the citizens' ticket to enforce the state law to the letter. A long debate fol-lowed, and a vote taken on the resolution, resulting in its being carried by 68 to 36. . . . To-day the general impression is in favor of closing, but the result may be a surprise either way. All the candidates are men of competency and reliability, and there is only one issueŠthat of Sunday closing." There is nothing like religion in politics to stir up the dormant activities of a community and add bitter- ness to political controversy. And there is nothing like politics to drag the mantle of religion through the mire. AT a recent meeting of the National Christian Citizen- ship League, held in Washington, D. C., the question was raised whether the churches in the islands taken from Spain are rightfully the property of the Catholic Church; and it was contended that the United States Government should take possession of all church property, and sub-mit the question of its disposition to the people in whose midst it is located. 