214 THE _AA/IP:RICAN SENTINEL. The Basis of Civil Sabbath Laws. I LEARN from the Christian Statesman of May 29, that the editor, and Judge Hagan, of Cincinnati, Ohio, though agreed in the propriety and necessity of a civil Sabbath, differ from each other on the basis of such legislations. The Judge says, "No legislation on this subject, un-less it is founded on some basis beside the Christian duty of observing a day of rest, can be justified. So keen and incisive was the intention of the founders of the Government to divorce the Church from the State, entirely and forever, that there cannot be, as there ought not to be, any legislation to enforce the performance of a Christian duty as such; but all laws must be *founded on civil rights, duties, and obligations." But the editor argues that without the divine law for the Sabbath there would be no basiS for a civil Sabbath law. He says, " The moment we depart from an immut-able moral basis, that moment we are left adrift without compass or chart. The logic which runs us into such absurdity and such wickedness should show us that we must base our civil Sabbath laws on the divine law. This is where our ablest jurors have based them. Judge Flandrau, of the Supreme Court of Minnesota, de-clared that the Sabbath law of that State ' can have no other object than the en-forcement of the fourth of God's com-mandments.'-" The editor also quotes Judge Caldwell, of the Supreme Court of Texas, as saying that " the object of the legislation was to forbid all secular em-ployments on the Sabbath, not excepted in the act. The disregard of the Sabbath, the refusal to recognize it as a day sancti-fied:to holy purposes, constitutes the of-fense." Judge Hagan, to avoid the union of Church and State, would have the civil Sabbath based on reasons wholly outside of religious obligation; but the editor thinks such an idea absurd, and would have the civil Sabbath based on the com-mand of God, so that it will reach men's consciences, and so that "the refusal to recognize it as a day sanctified to holy purposes" will constitute the chief offense against the law. Any one can see that the enactment of such a law would be an effort to compel men to acknowledge the claims of the religion of the Bible, and of what they call the Christian Sabbath; and yet this is not religious legislation, but purely civil! But however they differ in regard to 'the basis on which to found it, in one thing they agree, and that is, we must have a " civil Sabbath." The advocates of error will differ widely in their premises, but still come to the same conclusion; but 'those who plead for truth are united in the reasons:  they offer in: its support, because they are ready-made, and they do not have to invent them. R. F. COTTRELL. A7.PAt1`I41:31,Z,PA.1.4,,  RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. DECLARATION of PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance;and regard the' liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit-ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on religious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own con-science. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and honorable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil government; that we and our followŁcitizens may enjoy the in-estimable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK CITY ; 225 A ST., N. E. WASHINGTON ; 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO. Liberty of Conscience. R. M. KING, of Obion County, Tennes-see, belongs to a sect which holds Satur-day and not Sunday to be the Sabbath. He observes Saturday with great strict-ness, and on Sunday quietly proceeds with the labor on his farm. For doing so, Mr. King was indicted, tried, convicted and fined last March. The National Religious Liberty Associa-tionŠan organization composed entirely of believers in the Christian religionŠhas undertaken King's defense, and the case has been appealed to the Supreme Court Ł of the United States for the purpose of testing there the constitutionality of State laws enforcing the religious observance of Sunday as a Sabbath. Whatever the judicial ruling may be as to the constitutional power of a State to enforce such laws, there can be no doubt that their enforcement in such cases as that of Mr. King is a gross violation of natural rights and rights of conscience. It is not contended that Mr. King dis-turbed any neighbor in the enjoyment of a quiet Sunday, but merely that his work-ing on Sunday and his observance of Sat-urday as his Sabbath instead, was an offense to the moral sense of the commu-nity, and a violation of the law of the State. If it was so, it is high time for the com-munity in which Mr. King lives to disci-pline its moral sense, and for his State to rearrange its laws in conformity with that principle of individual liberty which lies,  at the foundation of American institutions. The principle involved is simple and its application plain. The State has nothing to do with religion except to protect every citizen in his religions-liberty. - It has no more right to' prescribe the religious ob-serVance of Sabbaths and holy days than to order sacraments and ordain creeds. In recognition of =the general custom of the people, the State rightfully makes Sun- day a legal holiday, in order that no man whose conscience or convenience forbids may be compelled to work on that day. The law also properly protects citizens against unnecessary disturbance of their quietude on that day, but beyond that it has no right to go, in a country where Church and State are totally separated by fundamental law. To go further is for the State to assume powers inconsistent with its being and very dangerous to re-ligious liberty. And this doctrine is held by all enlight-ened men of all creeds, not in antagonism to any but in defense of all. It is the doctrine of perfect religious liberty in a purely secular State as opposed to the doctrine of State absolutism and intoler-ance in religion.ŠEditorial in New York World, June 28. THE Rev. G. E. Gordon, whom many of our citizens met at the recent Dairy-men's Association, promulgates some 'sen-sible ideas. He recently signed a remon-strance against the enactment by Congress of laws to enforce the observance of the Sabbath. " I am opposed to all legisla-tion of that kind," he said, when ques-tioned about it. " I believe that the peo-ple have the right of quiet assembly, and that meetings should be protected from both 'inside and outside disturbance. I am opposed to rowdy Sundays, and I am opposed to rowdy Mondays. I do not be-lieve that a Catholic corner-stone laying procession, with its band has any more right to disturb a meeting of Turners, than a Sangerfest band has to disturb a church meeting. Legislation for the ob-servance of Sunday, because it is Sunday, is not in harmony with American princi-ples. After nineteen centuries of existence if the Church can not conquer the world without special legislation, it would better give it up. I think the freer the Church is from legislative enactments the more chance it has, the further it reaches, and the more good it does."ŠColumbus, Wis-consin, Democrat. SECTARIAN instruction should be sedu-lously excluded from the public schools of the land. The Catholics, as they have a right to do, object even to the reading of the Protestant Bible in such schools : but now comes Rev. Charles O. Brown, of Dubuque, in a letter to the Des Moines Capital, saying there are " at least seven district schools in Dubuque County where the Catholic catechism is taught." A church so strenuous in preventing unwel-come reading in the presence of its chil-dren should not employ the public funds to promote their doctrines, nor expect that other people will be willing to have it done.ŠThe Lyons, Iowa, Mirror. FOR blank petitions against religious legislation, address W. H. Mc KEE, 225 A Street, N. E., Washington, D. C. C. ELDRIDGE, W. H. McKim, President. Secretary. 