INSIDE WIND, $1.50 each. Tams Watch is our 1894 size, and has many improvements over that offered last year. It is smaller In size, and in every way better than pre- viously offered. This is the cheapest, reli- able, AMERICAN Watch on the mar-ketŠeach one tested, timed, and Guaranteed by us for One Year. It has Patent American Lever Movement, Lantern Pinion, and Patent Escapement and Regulator, inside wind, for which no key is required; weighs four ounces, and is made in Nickel Plated Case, both plain and fancy, presenting a handsome appearance. With each Watch we give a sub stantial Chain and Charm. We will send a sample, post-paid, for $1.50; three for $4.00; twelve for $15.00; and if not satisfactory, return to us, and we will send back your money. JUNE 21, 1894. 1\.M1E1E-CE4C.AINT Slb,N9DINEIL. 199 GUARANTEED AMERICAN WATCHES. Christ, and the Bible in the Constitution; one for the enforcement of the " Lord's day" as "a day of rest and worship" in the District of Columbia, and one general Sunday law. The first two were intro-duced in Congress by "Hon," Elijah Morse of Massachusetts. And now, Mon-signor Satolli, take your turn for the catechism, and Saint Joseph! S. What Will the Harvest Be? Ł A WESTERN paper of recent date pub-lishes the following, which is significant: Anarchism by Christ. Rev. C. H. Wilson of Groely, spoke last Sunday at Denver in Unity Church on " Anarchism." He de-preciated the ignorance, prejudice, and hatred dis-played or affected by people generally at the word "anarchy." Above the tramp of Coxey's Army and the sound of the great coal strike could be heard the mes-sage of anarchy. It was simply the Christian social-ism taught by Christ and Paul, the first anarchists. They came into a nation bound hand and foot with rigid ecclesiastical law. They taught men to break the law and free their minds and souls. Men are born into the world to-day with no place to lay their head without asking permission of some other man. The anarchist says this should not be. He does not blame the Actors and Vanderbilts because they have thousands under tribute to them. He blames the laws of a State which allows such a system. What if silver is coined free ? In a few years Wall and Lombard Streets will have it all as they now have the gold. The speaker advocated the study and inculcation of anarchy in the home, since in their application lay the solution of present social conditions. " Whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap." Such men are now sowing the wind; they shall presently reap the whirlwind. It matters not that injustice and corruption do abound; anarchy, even if it be dubbed " Christian," is not the remedy. The Lord says, " Be patient, therefore, brethren, unto the coming of the Lord." Where Is This to End? " THE fact," says an exchange, " that 53,000 organized Catholic laymen marched in the great procession in Chicago which celebrated the opening of the World's Fair, while not a single Protestant Church in the land was represented as. an organ-ized body, has not only set the latter to thinking but seems to have inspired a movement in Protestants churches and in public and private schools for the organ-ization of boys' brigades." Has it indeed come to this that the churches of our land are dependent in any degree on such organizations to main-tain their influence on the rising gener-ation ? If so, God pity them; for the end of such a state of affairs can be nothing but bloodshed. MONSIGNOR SATOLLI has been SO pleased, it is said, with his reception in New Eng-land, that he has said he will always stand up for New Englanders when they are accused of religious intolerance. Upon this the Christian at Work remarks : " There will be little occasion to ' stand up' for, New England toleration now, though there was need for some one to do this in 1693. The status of the Roman Catholic Church in this country shows that at least the fault of religious intoler-ance is not chargeable upon any section." The Christian at Work is mistaken; as long as a single religious institution is enforced by law just so long religious in-tolerance reigns to just that extent. Sab-bath-keepers in prison in several of our " free " American States are a living tes-timony to the survival of religious intol-erance. STEM WIND, $2.00. Tuts IS A. GENUINE AMERICAN LEVER MOVEMENT WATCH. Made of the finest ma-terial, and guaranteed to give satisfaction. The movement is American Lever; plate; 18 size; Quick Train; Lantern Pinion; Regular Stem Wind; Dust Cap over Movement in Nickel Plated CaseŠfancy or plain. We send each purchaser a substantial Chain aul Charm, and our Written Guarantee for One Year. We are making one Watch for every minute of the dayŠhence our low prices for these Timekeepers. For $2.00 we will send you one by mail postpaid; three for $5.00; six for $9.00; and if you are not satisfied, return to us, and we will refund money. MAKE . BREAD, GEMS AND CAKES EUREKA PHEALTH FLOUR. A WHOLE WHEAT FLOUR. Which competent authorities recommend as "THE BEST FLOUR MADE." It contains three to four times more of Bone, Brain, Nerve and Muscle building elements than ordinary white flour. Invaluable for dyspeptics, all invalids, and growing children. Everyone likes it. Used by the largest sanitariums. Special Offer.ŠHalf barrel, $3.25; one barrel, $0.00; freight paid. Usually retailed at $7.00 to $10.00 per barrel. If not perfectly satisfactory return at my expense and get your money. Agents wanted. Wholesale and retail dealers supplied. Circulars and recipes, for stamp. P. W. BARTLE, Sales Agent, Oxford, N. Y. Ł STEPS TO CHRIST, By Mrs. E. G. White. We take pleasure in announcing an important and exceedingly helpful work, under the title of STEPS TO CHRIST. The rare ability of the author in the pre-sentation of Scripture truth has never been used to better advantage than in this little work. STEPS TO CHRIST is not alone suitable as a guide to the inquirer and young convert, but is rich in thought and sug-gestion for the most mature Christian. Some idea of its scope and practical character may be gathered from the following table of contents:Š THE SINNER'S NEED OF CHRIST. REPENTANCE. CONFESSION. CONSECRATION. FAITH AND ACCEPTANCE. THE TEST OF DISCIPLESHIP. GROWING UP INTO CHRIST. THE WORK AND THE LIFE. KNOWLEDGE OF GOD. THE PRIVILEGE OF PRAYER. WHAT TO DO WITH DOUBT. REJOICING IN THE Loan. The book is issued in a rich, neat cloth binding, em-bossed in silver, at 75 cents per copy; in white vellum cloth, silver edges, $1,00. Sent by mail, post-paid, on receipt of price. Address Pacific Press, 43 Bond Street, New York City. or Oakland, Cal. ',II PRISON UGH 50 per cent, commission. Trial year 20 cents. Terms and the perishing in prisons all over the land. Agents wanted, TEdited by one sending the Third Angel's Message to sample copy 2 cent stamp. Indorsed by the SENTINEL. PRISON LIGHT, 40 Green Street, Brattleboro, Vt. Cortlandt St., New York City. IF It_ yr lL lk_;11EL OF THE CATH.91.!CAJMCH. History repeats itself, because human nature is the same in all ages of the world. Hence, he who would know HOW TO AVOID ERROR IN THE FUTURE must know how errors have developed in the past. The " Fathers of the Catholic Church " shows the condition of the heathen world at the time of Christ, briefly states the principles of ancient heathen philosophy, and shows how the adoption of these principles by prominent men in the Church, and the incautious lowering of the stand-ard of pure Christianity, developed the papacy, which was simply a new form of paganism. The chapter on SUN-WORSHIP AND SUNDAY is alone worth the price of the book. Fine English Cloth, Substantially Bound, CONTAINS ABOUT 400 PAGES, Will tie Sent Post-paid for $1.00 CRUDEN'S CONCORDANCEŠA diction ary, and alphabetical index to the Bible. Cloth, $1. 25, Sheep, $2. 50. JOHN WILLIAMS, the Martyr of Erro-mangaŠBy Rev. J. J. Ellis. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents, Address this office. sills/1m HOMES. A Beautifully Illustrated Book. List of over 8,000 summer hotels and boarding houses in Catskill Mountains and Central New York. Send six cents in stamps to H. B. Jagoe, General Eastern Passenger Agent of the West Shore Railroad, 363 Broadway, New York, or free on application. Address exactly as follows:Š R. H. INGERSOLL & BRO., R, 44-65 