374 .A.1011111LCA.14 tg7EN'IVINMI, VW,. Ii, No. 0. THE CHAIRMAN.ŠDo'you intend it at all? DR. MCALLISTER.ŠI will tell you if you will give me the opportunity. I will give you a full answer. THE CHAIRMAN.ŠI want to know whether you intend at all to subject the true meaning of the Bible itself to the construction of the courts? Dn. MCALLISTER.ŠNo, sir; it cannot come in that way. THE CHAIRMAN.ŠIt is not, a question of whether it would or would not. I ask you what you intend. DR. MCALLISTER.ŠThis is what is intendedŁ Let me give you an illustration. You had the question in Congress as to whether the gates of the World's Fair should be kept open on Sabbath or not. That was practical question, and that was a question on which the lawmaking power had to decide, Now, Congress must take into consideration, as it did then, what the word of God says. The Senator from Pennsylvania sent up to the Clerk's desk a copy of the Bible with the page marked on which was "Remember the Sab-bath day to keep it holy," A VOICE.ŠThat is the seventh day. Dr. MCALLISTER.ŠIt is not the seventh day. " Re-member the Sabbath day to keep it holy." That is what it says. There was a case of Congress having to decide whether the gates would be open on a particu-lar day or not, and the appeal was made to the author-ity of the Divine Word. The Congress. having the lawmaking power, having thus decided, the courts should be bound by the lawmaking power, for it is not the business of the courts to make laws. MR. BURTON.ŠNOW, suppose we adopt this amend-ment, and a party should be arrested for breaking the Sabbath, the first day of the week, commonly called 8114day; that he should be convicted, and he should appeal to the Supreme Court of the United States, and say, "You have adopted the Bible as the standard in civil affairs," claiming that the Sabbath day is Satur-day, and that the Supreme Court of the United States should decide that it was Saturday? DR. MCALLISTER.ŠThe Supreme Court of the United States would have to go by the law. MR. BURTON.ŠVery well; but when they did go by it that is the end of it. DR. MCALLISTER.ŠCertainly. Mr. BURTON.ŠNow, do you want to put into the Constitution of the United States a clause which will permit the Supreme Court of the United States to say that you must keep Saturday or else you violate the law of the land? DR. MCALLISTER.ŠNo, sir. MR. BURTON.ŠThat is just whaVyou are trying to do. DR. MCALLISTER.ŠNot at all. MR. BURTON.ŠEvery lawyer here will tell you that. MR. BURTONŠIs not this the theory: Each man re-gards the day he believes to be the Sabbath and the Government protects him in his worship from dis-turbance or interference? DR. MCALLISTERŠNot only must this be the ease in regard to every man, but the State and the nation must decide for themselves whether they will keep one day or not. ' Ma. CoNivomvŠSuppose the Bible has already set- tled that question, how could any act of Congress in-terfere with it if that is to be in the Constitution. Da. MCALLISTERŠBecause we must interpret the Bible. [Laughter.] The committee thus drew out, and Dr. McAllister was forced to confess, exactly what the National Reform Association lately re-inforced by the Christian Endeavor Society, and the National Christian Citizenship League, really means. Reader, are you in favor of this movement ? If not, have you the courage of your convic-tions to oppose it in the interests of pure Christianity and just civil government? Ł Ł Ł GOOD citizenship is a popular theme in the vast army of Christian Endeavorers of late. The theme with its correct interpreta-tion and application is right, and deservedly popular; but all who have aspirations for good citizenship should be taught from the first that religious liberty is a cardinal principle in good government. Religious intolerance is a crime against citizens. Good citizenship always recognizes the rights of conscience and will neither make nor enforce laws for, the op-pression of men who innocently and harm-lessly "worship God according to the dic-tates of their own consciences."ŠThe Sabbath Recorder NEWS AND NOTES. THE allusion to a divine Mediator in the Thanksgiving proclamation of President Cleveland, has produced no small stir in re-ligious circles, especially among the Jews, many of whom see in it a direct insult to their religion. From this it may be imagined what ' the effect would be of an attempt to establish a national religion, as is demanded by the party who want God in the Constitu-tion. THE Greek Church seems to be as little rec-onciled to Roman Catholic heresy as to the doctrines of the Stundists; notwithstanding the efforts of Pope Leo for reconciliation. Recently a Russian priest named Tolstoi was sentenced to seven years' banishment from St. Petersburg and Moscow and to twenty years' deprivation of the right to hold any office, because of a refusal to clear himself of the charge of having become a Catholic. AMoNG various reasons that are urged now-adays in support of Su,nday laws, we see it stated that employs of bake-shops and con-fectionery stores ask for the enactment of such a law to "regulate their sanitary condi-tionA." The idea seems to be that without a Sunday law, unsanitary conditions in such places are unavoidable. We have always sup-posed that unsanitary conditions in a place of business were a disgrace and never justifiable under any circumstances. That is the prin-ciple upon which modern sanitary science proceeds, and we believe it is sound doctrine. If people do not maintain sanitary conditions about lnem Y is because they d9 not have a proper regard for cleanliness. AMONG press dispatches of the 16th inst., we note the following:Š CHICAGO, Nov. 16.ŠPlaying football on Thanks-giving day was denounced by the Mefihodist ministers of Chicago at their regular weekly meeting to day. It was contended that if the game of that day were persisted in, the original spirit of the day would be-come lost. Resolutions were adopted deprecating the custom, requesting those in authority to "fix such hours for the games on the coming Thanksgiving day, if they must be played, as shall not conflict with the hours of divine services in the churches," and re-questing that tio arrangements for games on that day be made hereafter. Coupling this with the fact of the sectarian character of the current national Thanksgiv-ing proclamation, it becomes evident that this institution is playing quite a part in the movement to establish a national religion. THE following item from the New York Morning. Advertiser, of November 16, shows how the agitation for Sunday observance is having its effect upon the ranks of organized labor :Š There was a well attended meeting of the Central Labor Union in Clarendon Hall yesterday. Delegate William J. O'Brien, of the Granite Cutters' Union, presided, with Delegate Lawrence as vice-chairman. There was great' excitement when Delegate Henry, of the Wood Carvers' Union; reported a startling vio-lation of the Sunday law. "Several members of our union," he said, "were passing through Elizabeth Street this morning when they noticed a wood carv-ing factory in full blast. The machinery was all humming, and every workman was at his bench. It was simply scandalous. "Our members promptly went on to the Elizabeth Street police station, and informed the sergeant be-hind the desk. That official called out the reserves, who got into the factory, turned out the workmen, and closed it up for the day. Right across the street  a tin pail factory was also going, but as it was not in our line of business we didn't interfere with it." Up to the present time the labor unions have not been actively identified with the movement for Sunday enforcement. In some instances they have resented the attempts of Sunday-law agitators to make use of their organizations to further the Sunday cause. It seems now, however, that they are begin-ning to fall into line with the various church and religious societies, to swell the mighty procession that is moving to erect the stand-ard of religion upon the citadel of national government. THE idea that Sunday laws possess value from a sanitary standpoint is closely related to the doctrine so much in evidence that such laws are necessary to prevent people from doing too much work. This doctrine is per-sistently urged, notwithstanding that the great cry of workingmen for years has been for legislation that will enable them to do work enough. The greatest trouble with the work-ingmen to-day, and the greatest menace, probably, to prosperity and peace in our land, lies in the fact that so many thousands in all' parts find themselves without anything to do at all. It certainly will not help this situ-ation to reduce the amount of work and the number of workers by means of Sunday laws. THE park commissioners of Boston, Mass., have been petitioned by the " New England Sabbath Protective League" to grant open parks on Sundays "for sacred songs and preaching the gospel," and the organ of the League says that if they do not grant the petition, "the legislature of Massachusetts should be requested to limit their powers in the interests of the best citizenship. The religious element of the community," it adds, "have rights which cannot be denied them." But nobody is disposed to deny their rights. The whole trouble is that a zealous but mis-guided part of the religious element want the civil power to grant them favors which are denied to other classes of the community, or which would be denied if the religious ele-ment had their way. THE Mormon church in Utah is attempting to exercise a controlling influence in the Utah legislature, and justifies her action upon the very orthodox ground that she constitutes the most numerous religious body in the State. The occasion of this Mormon manifestation is is the contumacious action of " apostle " Mo-ses Thatcher, in refusing recently to sign a manifesto issued by the church authorities, requiring all church officers to obtain the con-sent of the first presidency before becoming candidates for political (Bee. Mr. Thatcher is now a candidate for the office of United States senator, and the church is opposing his election. The Mormon official organ, the Deseret News, says in its issue of the 17th inst It is yet to be shown that the members of the legis-lature desire to cast their votes in a manner calcu-lated to wound a vital principle of the discipline of the most numerous religious body in this State. Does the political party which will so absolutely control the next legislature desire to array itself in pro-nounced and distinctly defined opposition to that re-ligious body? Is it to be expected that a church thus assailed and antagonized will not try to protect itself, and strive to maintain its organic principles? In reply, the Salt Lake Tribune, (" Gen- tile ") says:Š - If Moses Thatcher has broken his priestly coven- 