GOOD LOCATION for residence. Lot 50x100 feet, on Forty-second Street, near Market, within three blocks of Telegraph Avenue street-cars on the east, and three blocks to San Pablo Avenue cable line on the west. These lots in the Alden Tract are selling for $600 on time payments. I will sell the above described lot, 50 feet front, on sunny side of street, for $425 ($225 cash, balance on $10 monthly installments, with in-terest on said installments at the rate of 8 per cent per annum), if sold within 30 days from date of this newspaper. For map, abstract, and free conveyance to the property, call on B. R. Nordyke, at the Pacific Press buildings, corner Twelfth and Castro Streets. itirORAL AND SCIENTIFIC COMPANION, Flor-in, ence, Arizona; illustrated, wide-awake; 25c per year. Ads lc per word. SCIENTIFIC: 10ERIc E5T"BLISHED Is the oldest and most popular scientific and mechanthalpaper published and has the largest circulation of any paper of its class in the world. Fully illustrated. Best class of Wood Engrav-ings. Published weekly. Send for specimen copy. Price $3 a year. Four months' trial, $1. MUNN & CO., PUBLISHERS, 861Broadway, N.Y. ARCHITECTS it BUILIERQ Edition of Scientific American. h," A great success. Each Issue contains colored lithographic plates of country and city residen-ces or public buildings. Numerous engravings and full plans and specifications for the use of such as contemplate building. Price PM a year. 25 cts. a copy. MUNN & CO.. PUBLISHERS. ATmaybe scour. ed byaPplying to MUNN & Cm, who have had over 40 years' experience and have made over 100,-WD applications for American and Foreign patents. Send for Handbook. CorrespondŁ once strictly confidential. TRADE MARKS. In ease your mark is not registered in the Pat. ent Office, apply to MUNN & Co.. and procure immediate protection. Send for Handbook. COPYRIGHTS for books, charts, maps. etc. quickly procured. Address MUNN & CO., Patent Solicitors, GENERAL OFFICIO SU BROADWAY, N.Y. RESIDENC.E LOTS. AN ASTONISHING OFFER Thisbeautiful miniature 'UPHOLSTERED PARLOR SETof three pieces (for the next 60 days) will be sent to any address on re.. ceipt of 95 cents to pay expenses, boxing, packing, advertising, etc.- This is done as an advertisement and we shall expect every One getting a setto tell their friends who see it where they got it and to recommend our house to them. This beautiful set consists of one sofa and two chairs. 'They are made of fine, lustrous metal frames, beautifully finished and decorated, and uphol-steredin the finest manner with beautiful plush (which we fur-nish in any color desired). To advertise our house, for 60 days As propose tofurnish these sets on receipt of 95 cents. Postage Ł Wimps taken. No additional charge for boxing or shipping; or. der immediately. No attentmn raid to letters unless they contain Wats. R. W. SEARS, & CO. Minneapolis, Minn. 9 Cordell) HOURS 9 Runs Easy NO BACKACHE. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 359 dr ertistment. ADVERTISING RATES made known on appli-cation. No advertisements of patent medicines, novelties, cigars, tobacco, liquors, novels or any-thing of a trivial, intemperate, immoral or impure nature accepted. We reserve the right to reject ANY advertisement. 4` The Ideal" Account and Memorandum Book, and Business Guides (Copyrighted). SPECIAL FEATURES: Fully and plainly speci-fied accounts; silicate slates-for both slate and lead-pencil, contains slate-pencil:and lead-pencil iveryconvenient).' business and. legal forms, etc., with. eraser); a printed washing list--on silicate etc. 150 pages, 8x5% inches. Substantially bound, in full Russia only. Price, only $1.00, post-paid. To book dealers, $6.00 per set (8), express paid. Strictly,  first-class, very popular. A handsome and useful holiday present. Order at once of the publisher, A. L. ANTHONY, Yountville, Cal. PACIFICB110S2.,S College,  F Life Scholarship, $75, Send for Catalogue. ' G. 11. IIRIECHBAUM, DENTIST, - Office 854k Broadway, Corner Seventh, Oakland Office HOurs--9 to 12 A. M. and 1 to 5 P. M. Rooms 17 and 18. THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT OF SWITZERLAND. BY' IBER.15TA.FLD MOSES, PIT. ID., Professor of History and Political Economy, University of California. judiciary, has chapters on foreign and internal relations, sketches ing Traveler. one of the clearest and best explanations of what the Swiss fed- possibly be condensed into as many pages. . . The body of the history and the constitution of Switzerland, and the book is well worthy the attention of all students-especially of the students of essay on the 'Federal Government of Switzerland.' "-'Boston Even-of special value."-New York Examiner. land a study of what might be Called comparative politics. He dis-cusses the antecedents of Swiss federalism, thedistribution of power, the characteristics of the legislature, the executive and the the military status and the condition of the finances, analyzes the rights and privileges served under the Swiss constitution, and  concludes with an interesting chapter on the common prosperity. knowledge, and animated by a truly philosophical spirit, this book torians are now accomplishing in all the various fields of contem-porary research."-Boston Beacon, eration now is and how it happened to be what it is, that could than this of Professor Moses. It goes straight to its work without osophy is of the soundest. These things constitute the book one of Professor Moses is an excellent example of what American his-work is both interesting and valuable in its analytical view of the Republican America."-Detroit Free Press. cause of scientific historical study in his clear and philosophical Painstaking and elaborate in method, written from abundant ical condition of the Swiss people cannot find a better volume circumlocution."- Chicago Inter-Ocean. " Professor Moses has rendered a most important service to the " The introduction, which may be read in ten minutes, gives "Those who desire to find a clear, concise statement of the polit "Professor Moses makes his account of government in Switzer- "A book that will appeal with especial force to the student of It is scholarly, thoughtful and thorough. Its political phil- the fundamental law of the State, its makersnre recognized as the legal sovereign in Switzerland. . . . Those who are, or who have been, compelled to use Austin's lectures, Ł either as learners which writers of great reputation have been brought to confusion straightforwardly and correctly: 'Since the Swiss constitution is or as teachers may well wish that he had been as clear-headed as Professor Moses when he attempted to, make the Constitution of the United States fit into his theory."-Saturday Review (London). much needed illustration and elucidation of governmental meth--  Globi. than the author's analysis of government is the philosophic vein which runs through the pages. This draws equally from American and foreign constitutional history to illustrate or fortify the writer's statements."-Utica Herald. of much value."-Magazine of American History. in books and documents, but he has studied his documents thor-oughly. . . . The puzzles of legal and political sovereignty, in ere now, have no terrors for him. He takes the point quite in its careful comparison of other governments-notably republi-interest of the practical economist. . . . Yet more valuable . to the student of history and of political economy, not only be-cause its well-written pages serve to make the reader familiar with the constitutional history of Switzerland, but because the 'essay' can or popular, like the United States and Great Britain-supplies all readers interested in the science of government."-Indianapo- lis Journal. history."-Boston Commonwealth. " Professor Moses goes at his labor with the zeal and analytical'" Dr. Moses writes with critical care and has produced a work "Dr. Moses has apparently studied the Swiss constitution only "An interesting volume. . . . It will be found of great value "it is a valuable work for students of constitutional law and for-i 12nio Cloth, $1.50. Sent post-paid on receipt of price. Address all orders to PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., Ott, 43 Bond Street, Warr; York. Fresno and Merced" County Lands TO RENT AND FOR SALE. 1'5,000 Acres tane ties, to rent for a term of years. Also 100,000 Ac of fine Raisin, Fruit, Al- res falfa, and Sugar Beet Land, with Water for irrigation, for sale in tracts of from 20 acres to large tracts suitable for Colony pur-poses. For particulars, apply to E. B. PERRIN, 402 Kearny Street, ',Srafit Francisco, Cat. 111/ ONE MAN. Write for descriptive catalogue eon. coining testimonials from hundreds of people who have sawed from 4 to 8 cords dolly. 25,000n0W successfully used. Agency can be had where there is a vacancy. A NEW iPYENTION for filing saws sent free with each machine, by the use 'of this tool everybody can file their own saws now mad° it better than the greatest expert can with-out it. Adapted to all cross-cut saws. Every one who owns a saw should have one. Ask your dealers or write FOLDING SAWING MACHINE CO., 808 to 811 South Canal Street, Chicago, ILL A' 465:00 Sewing Machine 1 , Fot $18.00. Ł BlackWainut Furniture Ccei,,, erairop Leaf,8Drawerg and Full' Set of Attachments. Warranted. 4 1 b ittoit M % or Family Seale, 81.00. 140 other Articles to usua prices. Send for Catalogue. CMCA00 1$04L11 co.. adeago , Beautiful Engravings of the most interesting Scenery ind the various Industries of all Sections, send 10 Cents or copy of TUE WESTERN WORLD. Illustrated, . or complete copy of all Government Land Laws, a Ie  , - lored Map of every State and Territory (including .aska) with a History of each from earliest times, see HE-WESTERN WORLD GUIDE AND HAND-111111t. h.c. most comprehensive, instructive and usefu tOhl te- everrubi top z ebni ids lir d . it nt edl I hs owwh ot oargee  et  ntthi tell 1.  erring all the -ŁLaws in relation to the same. It also gives all laws of earl,  State. of - importance -to Set - on._ ' also tiers; Far- *I 01..01.40 taers or Prospect. ileOgge <OA°  1&° Postal Laws and all Pension, Fat, he States; as 0 1,2000* Haws of each of those seeking eat or Pleasure tw'sŁ3''' ° Homes, Employ- a guide for Itg  \--0 there is noth- Fig so valuable and compro-' tory of every Ea- etisive, It also PlYr. r'''....C.:6 ..N gives a His- - World, how and erned,ete,etci In ad- ' . \V—:54).  dition it contains by whom Gov-Con - in `the ft- m oat comp ete Encyclopedia of use- ful In ormat on, Tables her  Facts; which trout - ardly be ou-nd In n et! d books: and which make it worth ten times its weight In Gold. It contains ne 400 pages. neatly bound -the best selling Book for Agents ever published. Many Mailed to all part of theyWorld tor 50 Cents. It is re making $100 per month; others as high as $2,500 a , year selling the Guide and Band-Book, Premiums and , pbtaining Subscriptions. We will send afree copy and tes to anyone ordering two books and sending9s1.00. ", The Western World, Illustrated,. one year and 4asittlo, and head-Book both for Mi. cents. Address l'itiLl4 WrkST4SIMAT WORta Chicano. ID. YOUR ATTENTION TO THIS LINE OF BOOKS. JUVENILE BOOKS. BIBLE BIRTHDAY RECORDŠA text-book for the young. By the author of "Hymns from the Land of Luther," etc. 32mo, cloth extra, gilt edges, 50c. BIBLE BIRTHDAY BOOK-A choke selection of texts for every day in the year. By the author of "Hymns from the Land of Luther," etc. 32mo, cloth extra, gilt edges, 50c. BIBLE SCENES AND STORIES-Containing 50 of the finest drawings of Gustave Dore, with descriptive letter-press. Royal 8vo, cloth, $3 00. DORE'S BIBLE GALLERY-Containing a selec-tion of 100 of the finest drawings of Gustave Dore, with descriptive letter-press. By T. W. Chambers, D.D. Crown folio, cloth, full gilt, $4.00. FIRST STEPS FOR LITTLE FEET IN GOSPEL PATHS--By the author of " The Story of the Bible." 328 pages, with colored frontispiece and 140 illustrations. 16mo, cloth, 75c. As its title indicates, this work is designed for the little ones, and consists of short lessons fol-lowed by,  questions so simple that the little hearers, if attentive when the passage is read, may readily answer. PALESTINE FOR THE YOUNG-By the Rev. Andrew A. Bonar. A finely illustrated description of the Holy Land, which, though written in a style adapted to the understanding of the young, is at the same time full of instruction for those of ma-turer years. It will add an interest to the study of the Scriptures in both old and young. 12mo, cloth, $L00. PILGRIM'S -PROGRESS -By John Bunyan. 12mo, cloth, $1.00. RIDE THROUGH PALESTINE (The)ŠBy the Rev. John W. Dulles, D.D. Illustrated by 184 maps and engravings. 2d edition; 12mo, cloth, $2Th00.e author has sought to make this book one that will be acceptable in the family circle, and that will not only go into the Sabbath-school library, but be taken out of it also. FAVORITE BIBLE STORIES FOR THE YOUNGŠWith numerous illustrations. 16mo, handsomely illuminated board covers, 50c; cloth extra, 75c. GARDEN SWING, AND OTHER STORIES (The) -A book for boys and girls. Large 4to, cloth, inked and illuminated side, large type, many beautiful oil-colored and other illustrations. $L75. LITTLE WORKERS-A book for boys and girls. Large 4to, cloth, inked and illuminated sides, large type, many beautiful oil-colored and other illustrations. $1.75. ROLLO'S TOUR IN EUROPE-By Jacob Abbott. 10 vols., fully illustrated. 16mo, cloth, black and gold, in box, $10.00-reduced to $7.00. Among all the books written for youth there are few which have equaled, and none have surpassed in interest or instruction, the writings of Jacob Abbott. His name has become a house-hold word throughout the land. STORY OF THE GOSPEL (The)-By the author of "The Story of the Bible." The New Testa-ment in simple form for children, written in language easy to understand. Printed in large, plain type, and filled with pictures. 360 pages, l6ino, with 150 illustrations and a frontispiece in colors; cloth; 75c. OAKI.kHrit), CALL. STORY OF A POCKET BIBLE (The)ŠA book for all classes of readers. This volume is exceedingly interesting, and full of valuable religious instruction. Its thread of imaginary autobiography guides the reader through a delightful path of rich and beautiful incident, which can scarcely fail of making deep and holy impressions on his heart. 12mo, cloth, $1.00. STORY OF THE BIBLE (The)-From Genesis to Revelation. Told in simple language, adapted to all ages, especially to the young. By the author of "First Steps for Little Feet" and "The Story of the Gospel." "The Story of the Bible" differs from all other books of its class. It does not contain stories about the Bible, but is a simple version of the main portions of the Bible itself, from Genesis to the Revelation; 704 pages, 300 illustrations; 12mo, cloth, $1.50. BIOGRAP HY FOX'S BOOK OF MARTYRS; or, a History of the Lives;  Sufferings, and Triumphant Deaths of the Primitive Protestant Martyrs. 1 vol., 12mo, cloth, 75c. LIFE AND WORDS OF CHRIST (The)ŠBy Cun-ningham Geikie, D.D. Large print edition, 2 vols. in 1. 8vo, cloth, $1.50. The author has endeavored to present in this work a reliable picture of the life of our Lord in the midst of the world in which he moved. Small print edition of above, cloth, 16mo, 50c. LIFE OF OUR LORD UPON THE EARTHŠ Considered in its historical, chronological, and geographical relations. By Samuel J. Andrews. New edition, crown 8vo, cloth, $2.50. LIFE OP CHRIST FOR OLD AND YOUNG (The)-By Cunningham Geikie, D.D. With 50 illustrations. 8vo, cloth, $1.50. This is a new book and not an abridgment, and is written for the multitude, older or younger. The fullest life of our Lord must always remain the best for the student, clerical or lay; but while these have their wishes already supplied, others both older and younger have been without a similar presentation of the gos-pel narrative, within smaller limits, more suited to their taste and leisure. LIFE OF CHRIST (The)-By Frederick W. Far-rar, D.D. 12mo, cloth, $1.00. LIVES  OF THE FATHERS-Sketches of church history and biography. By Frederick W. Farrar, D.D., The author's object is not to write a full and continuous history of the early church, but rather to connect the history of the church during the first four centuries with the lives of her principal fathers and teachers. 2 vols., cloth, $5.00. ol LIVINGSTONE AND STANLEY (The Lives and Travels of)-Covering their entire career in Southern and Central Africa, carefully pre-pared from the most authentic sources. A thrilling narrative of the adventures, discov-eries, experiences and achievements of the greatest explorers of modern times, in a wild and wonderful country. By Rev. J. E. Chain-bliss. Richly illustrated. Large 8vo, cloth, 760 pages, reduced to $1.50. This work includes Livingstone's early life, preparation for his life-work, a sketch of Africa as known before his going there, his discovery by Stanley, the three great mysteries of the past five thousand years solved by Stanley, etc., etc. Any of the above sent post-paid on receipt of price. Address all orders to PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, _Oakland, Cal. tMPLOYMENT me, EE 'For information of all States and TerritOrg,witri 