94 AMERICAN SENTIN EL power of God to enable men to do right by planting the righteousneSs of God in the heart thrOugh faith in Jesus Christ. Rom. 1:16, 17. We never once dreamed that it was in the power of civil law to remove the cross and make the straight and narrow wary to heaven easy. " Must I be carried to the skies On flowery beds of ease, Whilst others fought to win the prize And sailed through bloody seas?" Indeed, we can according 'to the above, just come and join the Christian Citizenship movement and improve our civil laws, and thus make it easy to do right by legislat-ing away the cross. Then we will not need to be "cruci-fied unto the world;" We won't need to "suffer with Christ that we may reign with him." We shall need no longer to "watch and pray lest we enter into tempta-tion," for temptations will be removed by 'improving civil law, and making it" easy to do right. Then;  ac-cording to this proposed revolution we can all "live godly in Christ Jesus" without suffering persecution. Once more; the speaker said:Š "Some people are very strict in attending to the or-dinance of baptism and the sacrament, but neglect the ballot box. It is just as much our duty to vote as to pray or to take the sacrament." Then the commission to preach the gospel should mad, Go ye into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature, and he that believeth not and does not vote to help to improve the civil laws and make it easy to do right shall be damned ! How any man with an open Bible in his hand and the history of the past before him can put forth such reasoning is a mystery that .we are not able to solve. But such is the blindness of men when they "walk in the sparks of their own kindling." Were it not that the prophets have described and warned us against just such a state of things in the last days, we could hardly make ourselVes believe that men could descend into such dense darkness. Did we not read, from the sacred page that there would be a union Of religion and the State which would bring about the last great struggle between the powers of light and darkness, we could hardly believe our own ears as, we listen to such sentiments as are put forth by these would-be reformers. "Watch therefore: for ye know not what hour your Lord doth come." Lbndon, Ont., Feb. 2. THE National Reform party has now abandoned hope with reference to its so-called Christian Amendment to the Constitution, so far as concerns this session of Con-gress. After being so thoroughly disposed of before the,  hearing given 'by a committee of Congress last year, it was left in the hands of the committee without further action, and to a request recently preferred by its advo-cates for another hearing, reply was sent that no further discussion of the matter could be allowed. Of course  it will make its appearance again before the new Con-gress. THE extracts from the speeches of Lincoln and Doug-las, presented in this paper, are taken from a volume en-entitled, "Political Speeches and Debates of Lincoln and DouglaS." It is a book of 555 'Ages and is indispensa-Me to every one who would understand the fundamental principles of the, Government and the history' of the country. Price, $1.50. To every person who reads this number of the AMER-ICAN SENTINEL, we say, Please see that .a copy of it is put into the hands of all your neighbors, and leep a copy for yourself for reference. It is needed by everybody now, and will be needed more, later on, and you will be glad if then you have it at hand. MOSES Ross, a resident of the District of Columbia, narrowly escaped being a victim of the old District law against profanity. He was convicted under the statute December 29, and sentenced to pay a fine of $20 and serve ninety days in the workhouse; but the President pardoned him. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2., Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamp in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. 467-Any one receiving the American Sentinel without,  having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. ERICAN SENTIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingl)  opposed to anything tending toward a union of,Church and State, either in name or in principle. Published Weekly by Pacific Press Publishing Co. ORGAN OF THE International Religious biberty Association. (Entered at the New York Post-office.) Single Et Copy, Per Year, " Six months, Three " - - $1.00. .25 ADDRESS. AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York. 