78 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Let the reader note that this bold resolu-tion, so swe,eping in its claim of authority, was adopted by a council of twenty-five Protest-ant clergymen of different denominatiens, as-sembled in Chicago in 1854. . . . Pius IX. had then been nearly eight years on his pontifical throne, reared upon the ruins of the throne of the Csesars. That proud, shrewd, and power-grasping old monk must have been pleased at what he also considered a daring invasion of his prerogatives, when he read this resolution of the Chicago clergy-men. And their sincerity in the reality of their "divine appointment " was revealed to the astonished old man, in the sending of this resolution to the Senate of the United States. . . . Cardinal Manning boldly asserted in the name of the Pope : "1 am -the sole, last, su-preme judge of what, is right and wrong." Not much bolder than the resolution of the Chicago " divines." The Pope interferes on the "moral bear-ings" of the affairs in Ireland now. Our Chicago "divinely appointed ministry" as-serted before the Senate of the United States that " it is our duty to recognize the moral bearings of the conflicts of political parties, and to proclaim, in reference theretmto, 'the principle of inspired truth and obligation." Whew I Whenever these "divinely appointed min-isters" please to "declare in the name of Almighty God," that a measure, passed by Congress, signed by the President, interpreted and sanctioned as constitutional by the Su-preme Court, is, in their judgment, "immoral and unrighteous," those who obey Congress expose themselves to the wrath of the Al-mighty. If this is not equal, in haughty ar-rogance, to any assumption of the divine pre-rogative ever uttered by any Pope of Rome, I know not how to distinguish between the pretensions of these divine functionaries. What say the present " ministry " ? As an organized, "divinely appointed" body, those clergymen spoke "in the name of Almighty God," to the constituted authorities of this young, free nation! Thirty-four years have passed away since Senator Douglas informed the clergy that " your claims for the suprem-acy of this divinely appointed institution are subversive of the fundamental principles upon which our whole 'republican system rests." This clerical presumption makes its existence known in various ways, even in these days. As a " divinely appointed institution," even this present year, it will propose to apply the test of inspired truth to each of the polit-ical contests, " and presume, in the name of God, "to exhort and rebuke with all author-ity." With Douglas, I say: "I cannot, shall not, recognize in your divinely-appointed institu-tion, the power either of prophecy or of rev-elation." Douglas wrote his reply to the protest and resolutibn of the Chicago clergymen, in April, 1854. I can well remember his-  canvass of 1856, seeking the Democratic nomination for President. How much his bold repudiation  of the arrogant claims of the " divinely ap-pointed institution of the ministry," as the one only competent tribunal to both "de-clare and enforce God's will on all points of faith and morals," had to do with the fierce opposition which Douglas had to endure un-til his death, June, 1861, cannot be estimated. The clergymen never forgave the man who questioned their assumption of the " divine prerogative of the Almighty God." Senator Mason, of Virginia, in the debate on the New England Memorial, said that when men came before Congress as vice-regents of the Almighty, they came "as a class unknown to the GovernmentŠa class whom the Gov-ernment does not mean to know in any, form or shape." Both Douglas and Mason have joined the "silent majority," but their earnest, out-spoken warnings remain on the national rec-ords for the instruction of other "constituted authorities." The " Government does not mean -to know " any class of men as the "vice-regents of the Almighty." Has the " Govern-ment " changed its intentions ? The other day, after the laying of the corner-stone of the great Papal university, with a great parade, in Washington, Mr. James Gib-bons, not as a citizen, but as a prime minis-ter of the Pope of Rome, decked out in gor-geous robes of red, as cardinal, head of the church in the United States, went to the White House to introduce his obedient serv-ants, the bishops, to the President. After this service was performed, so great was the crowd, and so strong the desire to behold a live cardinal, that the said Gibbons was forced to hold a kind of informal reception in the famous east' room. Senator Butler, of South Carolina, was right when he, in that public debate, charged those clergymen with assuming "to be the foremen of the jury which is to pronounce the verdict and judgment of God upon earth." He saw their true disposition, their best-liked avoca-tion, when he said they " would convert the lamb into the lion, going about in the form of agitators seeking whom they might devour," hiding in their dark or red robes of hypocrisy. The Government cannot afford to know these men claiming to exercise the divine pre-rogative in any form or in any shape: Vari-ous are the forms or shapes of this "arrogant and insatiable priestcraft."ŠJames S. Bell, in Christian Leader. AMERICA is a country where politics is brought to the attention of every man, but Americans know less about public i affairs than almost any other nation. The English read all the debates in Parliament, and care-fully study all questions. They know all their Ministers by name, and feel almost per-sonally acquainted with the leaders in the House of Commons. Every four years the American is aroused' by the excitement of the 'presidential campaign, but daring the in-tervening period he pays little attention to public affairs, and leaves all questions to the politicians. In England the papers contain extensive  accounts of all the proceedings of Parliament, while in this country the reports of the ac-tions of Congress are condensed, and in many papers are banished to the supplements, while base-ball and divorces are described in every detail. We do not study sufficiently the questions of the day, and are not sufficiently cognizant of the actions of our Representa-tives. How many Americans can name twenty-five United States Senators, with the States they represent? Hew many know, by name, the Cabinet officers, or the Justices of the Supreme Court? We like to hurrah for someone during the campaign, but we do not sufficiently weigh the question as to whom we shall hurrah fonŠAmerica. The Sentinel and the Woman's Chris-tian Temperance Union. THE following letter is from a thorough- going National Reformer. We willingly give it space. EDITORS AMERICAN SENTINEL : Your last month's article, under the head of " The AMERI-CAN SENTINEL and the Woman's Christian Tem-peranceŁ Union," and signed "A. T. J.," will bear criticism Ł and I hope you will permit a friend of the Woman's Union to write a word in their defense. 1. Your assertion that the W. C. T. U. is in favor of using the civil power to compel peo-ple to favor or to practice Christian temper-ance, or to compel people to conform to the principles of temperance, is unfair because it is untrue. No temperance society known to the writer is " in favor of using the civil power to compel anybody either to favor or to prac-tice," temperance. Yet all agree that no li-cense should be granted to sell liquor to com-mon drinkers. But there is a vast difference between "compelling people to favor or prac-tice temperance" and compelling men to de-sist from selling poison to people who wish to poison themselves. 3. You err when you say that "Christian principle knows no power but the power of God as manifested in the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ." This is a grave error. There is a divine power in law as well as in the gos-pel. God is the Author of both. "The pow-ers that be are ordained of God." That means civil powers. "There is no power but of God." This, too, includes civil power. " He beareth not the sword in vain." This means the civil men ; and he who " resisteth the power resist-eth the ordinance of God." If civil govern-ment has not the power to pass civil law to prohibit the liquor traffic, then it bears the sword in vain. "The law was made for man-stealers." This means civil law. And there is power as well as majesty in law, because all righteous law is from God, the source of all power. And " rulers," civil rulers, legislators, governments, " are not a terror to good works, but to the evil." The SENTINEL knows very well what kind of works, whether good or evil, are perpetrated by saloonists. The women are worthy of commendation, not of censure, for endeavoring to bring the power of civil law to bear against saloons. Your charge against-the W. C. T. U. is unjust. All temperance prohibitionists wish the power of law to be brought to bear against the ruinous traffic. And why should not Christian women, as well as Christian men, desire civil prohibition? Why are you so "decidedly opposed " to such "political aspirations of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union "? That I may not occupy too much of your space, what I wish to say further in defense 