ATTRACTIVE TRUTHS IN LESSON AND STORY. A series of outline lessons with illustrative stories and Scripture verses for the use of those who are nexperienced in teaching the young. It is suitable for use in childrens' meetings and for home teaching Cloth, $1.25. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 271 and the gates of the Columbian Exposition are to be closed on Sundays. . . . " The whole arrangement, even from its inception, has been a conspiracy. Bigotry as a unit has com-bined to attain its object. The victory is infamy. The traitors are already rejoicing at the result and dividing the spoils. The pen with which President Harrison signed the cowardly contract has been sent to Col. Elliott Shepard as a souvenir of success, a religious relic, and the American Sabbath Asso-ciation, the National Reform Association, the Wo-man's Christian Temperance Union, are congrat-ulating themselves on the attainment of their object, and longing for the inauguration of the old puritanical Sabbath. This, it is affirmed confi-dently by gentlemen Craft, Wanamaker, Shepard, Quay, et al, is near at hand. "The appropriation in its present form is an insult to the people, and the Commissioners should have indignantly rejected it. The liberty of the Nation has certainly cost more than two or three insignifi-cant millions. If lost it can be assured that it will cost more than that amount to regain it." IN an address before the Congregational Club, of Oakland, Cal., recently, Rev. W. C. Pond said:Š Some sort of combination must be made. No more effective missionary service could to-day be rendered than to create such a combination of all good citizens, to throw their votes neither for men without principles nor for principles without men to enforce them, but for upright men fearing God and working righteousness. Why could not Łan association be formed with trustworthy officers so salaried that they can give their whole time to watching the operations of our municipal Govern-ment, looking up the records of the candidates for every position, and giving the people the results of their investigations? . . . What is needed is reliable information for honest men as to the can-didates they are voting for, and then a union of all such men in voting for such, and such only, as are thus recommended. These men should be en-abled to give their whole time to a matter so im-portant, and in character and ability should be fit to adorn the highest judicial positions. But they ought not to be appointees of the State, but sus-tained by voluntary offerings, thus kept dependent upon and in touch with the men who will rely upon their counsels. That is to say that the municipal, State, and na-tional elections should be controlled by a church committee on nominations and .elections. Cer-tainly the different theories upon which to secure the union of Church and State are multiplying rapidly. INDIAN COMMISSIONER MORGAN has prepared a table showing the amounts set apart for various religious bodies, for Indian education for each of the fiscal years 1886 to 1893 inclusive. For 1886 the total amount paid was $228,259. Of this the Catholics received $118,343. For 1892 the amount was $611,570, the Catholics receiving of this $394,-756. For 1893 the total amount is $525,881, the Catholics being allowed $369,535. The total amount set apart for the eight years was $3,767,-951. Of this the Catholics received $2,366,416. Mr. Morgan entered upon his duties as Commis sioner of Indian Affairs, July 1, 1889, and awarded the contracts for the four succeeding years. He says he was opposed to the policy of appro- priating money from the public treasury to secta-rian uses, and gave public notice at the beginning of his administration that he would not make con-tracts with any new schools. He has steadily ad-hered to this policy, yet it was not his purpose to interfere with existing schools. Mr. Morgan says the amount awarded to the Catholic. Church the last year of the last administration was $347,572, while the amount given to them during each of the four years of his term has been considerably larger. Congress failed to appropriate the amount asked for by the Commissioner for Indian education, and it was necessary to cut the amount allowed the schools for the present fiscal year. These reduc- tions have been made impartially. There has been a steady growth in public opinion during the last three years regarding the entire  matter of appropriation of public moneys for sec-tarian uses. The three great denominations, the Methodists, Baptists, and Presbyterians, have pub-licly condemned it, and there has been a change of sentiment in the same direction among the Congre-gationalists and Episcopalians. The Baptists have never drawn any of this money, and the Methodists have now entirely abandoned it, and while the Catholics receive for the current year over $369,000 the Presbyterians receive less than $30,000 and the Congregationalists a little more than $25,000. THE Review and Herald, Battle Creek, Mich., has this paragraph on the "Settlement of the Sab-bath Question" :Š "The action of the United States Congress in closing the Columbian Exposition has been hailed with great joy by the popular clergy of the coun-try. Having been exceedingly bothered to ,,find any substantial basis for Sunday-keeping, they hail with joy an act of Congress in their behalf. True, they had the decree of Constantine, and the holy roll,' which was brought into England by Eustach-ius Abbot of Flay, A. D. 1202, but these and other authorities of a like nature were not looked upon as being very good authority for Americans, and this congressional Sunday edict supplies for the American clergy a long-felt want.' So with great complaisance they now speak of the `settlement . of the Sabbath question.' This reminds us that a very important question in regard to baptism was once settled (?) by a Kentucky court ! A man un-der sentence of death wished to be baptized. He preferred immersion, but as he could not be im-mersed without being removed from the prison, the court decides that sprinkling was baptism ! We have never heard that Baptists have changed their manner of baptism since, and we are in-clined to believe that if this decision had been con-firmed by the United States Supreme Court, it would not have made any difference in their prac-tice. The reason is obvious. No court has a right to decide a religious question. Therefore the settle-ment of the Sabbath question by Congress or the United., States Supreme Court carries with it no more authority than would a decision from it in regard to baptism." THE Chicago Tribune of August 17, contains a report Of a meeting held in that city, to agitate the question of Sunday closing or opening of the World's Fair. The Tribune says:Š A new impetus was given to the movement to have the World's Fair open Sundays at a meeting of citizens and representatives of various organiz-ations at Aurora Turner Hall last night. Ex-Judge C. B. Waite, President of the American Secular Union; John F. Geeting, Vice-President of the same society; A. F. Ballinger, Secretary of the Na-tional Religious Liberty Association; and J. W. Herman, were the speakers of the evening. Henry Schurz, Vice-President of the Rheinliender Bund, acted as chairman. The assemblage expressed its sentiments in the following resolutions, which were passed unani-mously: " WHEREAS, The late action of Congress in rela-tion to closing the gates of the World's Fair on Sunday is inconsistent with the principles of indi-vidual liberty of conscience upon which our Gov-ernment was founded, and may be looked upon as a direct movement in favor of the union of Church and State, be it - "Resolved, That it is the duty of every good citi-zen to do everything in his power to have the late action of Congress in reference to Sunday closing reversed. " Resolved, That the people are requested to hold meetings all over the country and to pass resolu-tions requesting and instructing their representa-tives in Congress to vote for the repeal of the Sun-day closing condition in the World's Fair appro-priation." Addresses were delivered by J. F. Geeting, C. B. Waite, J. W. Herman, and A. F. Ballinger. AT Englewood, Illinois, a suburb of Chicago, on Sunday, Aug. 21, the Englewood Baptist Church and the Young Men's Christian Association intimi-dated the actors at the Marlowe Opera House and stopped a public performance. SMITH'S COMPREHENSIVE DICTIONARY OF THE BIBLE WITH MANY IMPORTANT ADDITIONS AND IMPROVEMENTS. Designed to be a complete guide in regard to the pin-nunciation and signification of Scriptural names; THE SOLUTION OF DIFFICULTIES respecting the interpretation, authority, and harmony of the: Old and New Testaments; the history and description of Bib-lical customs, events, places, persons, animals, plants, miner als, and other things concerning which information is needed by an intelligent and thorough student of the Holy Scriptures,, and of the books of the Apocrypha. Over 1,200 royal 8vo.. pages. Cloth, $5.00; library, $6.00 THE CHRISTIAN'S SECRET OF A HAPPY LIFE. BY HANNAH WHITALL SMITH. _0_ Standard edition, I2mo, 240 pages, 75 cents. Handy classic edition, 18ino 292 pages, cloth, gilt edge, S5 cents. Complete Dictionary OF SYNONYMS AND ANTONYMS, BY RIGHT REV. SAMUEL HALLOWS, A. M., D. D. With an appendix, embracing a dictionary of Briticisms, Americanism, colloquial phrases, etc., in current use; the grammatical uses of prepositions and prepositions discrim-inated; a list of homonyms and homophonous words; a collec-tion of foreign phrases, and a complete list of abbreviations and contractions used in writing and printing. 512 pages, cloth, $1.00. REVELL'S IMPERIAL GLOBE ATLAS THE NEW BIBLE ATLAS AND GAZ-ETTEER, with 16 colored maps by W. and A. Keith Johnson, and a very elaborate gaz-etteer, giving information about nearly every place which is marked upon the maps, with scripture references. 4to, cloth, $1. 50. ge-The above named books will be sent post-paid on receipt of price. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY 12th & Castro Streets, I 43 Bond Street, OAKLAND, CAL. NEW YORK. Of modern and ancient geography. Contain-ing .33 imperial quarto maps, with an index of 20,000 names. Size of page, 12 x 14. F u 11 cloth, $1.00. 