$1.4 C. . .-5.  e. AMERICAN SENTINEL. 299 His Voice as' the Sound of Many Waters. REV. 1:15. BY T. R. WrrAaAusog. THE valleys sing with the voice of Spring, And the pleasant plash of the rain; The soft drops bound from the drinking ground, Then sink to the buried grain. At that music fine from the clouds' spilled wine The dull earth robes with flowers; And the tall trees don a green leaf crown To be kings through Summer hours. That voice of the rain that calls the grain, And sings to oak and vine, That pours in rills from green clad hills To the thirst of lowing kine, Is my Saviour's voice, in Him all rejoice, And many waters say "'Tis my dear Lord's love decks the skies above And adorns Earth's Spring so gay." See the rivers bear to the Ocean's care, With many a burdened sigh, The harvests great of the teeming states, That along their borders lie. That resistless sweep, so broad and deep, Hath a voice, ,a song of power, That includes the pour of the cascade's roar And the purl of the Summer shower. Oh that hearty voice, the full, strong tone, Of the ruling, pushing flood, 'Neath the dazzling sun or the pale, true moon, Singeth ever in changeless mood. And my Saviour's voice, in Him all rejoice, And the rivers' waters say, "Give praise divine to the heavenly shrine For the love of Christ alway." Oh the tumbling wave where the surges rave, And the great, gray rocks loom high; There's a boom and a break as the billows shake Their foam 'neath the storm-torn sky. Oh the huge, slow, might, and the moving hight Of the tides, majestic, broad; And the rise and dip of each steady ship, Faring on with her living load. These call with a voice, a thunderous voice, Like the trumpet's blare in the gale; They command and plead in urgent need, With a stormy, hoarse, sea hail. "Come, come to my Lord at His longing word, For our many waters say That the vilest men are ennobled again By the love of Christ alway." From the light afar of each swinging star, In the endless, endless blue, Where the glories meet and the comets fleet Like fire-ships sail into view; Where galaxies blaze and the faint, fine haze Of sheeny nebulae shine; From that pearly way where each new, pure:day, Comes, swift from the Throne divine. Through the boundless course of the universe, And from all things great and good, Breathes the holy sound of a voice profound In praise of our Father, God. For my Saviour's grace and His Heavenly face, And the shining worlds all say, "'Tis my dear Lord's love lightens all above, And gives help in Earth's rugged way." Healdsburg, Cal. CHILD-CONFIDENCE REWARDED This little book shows the practical results of teaching the truth to children in regard to the origin of life. "The troths taught in this little 10-cent booklet would, if lived out by the mothers of America, revolutionize society, and do more for social purity than any amount of reform work."ŠIlluminator, New York. "Every mother, young or old, should read this little book."ŠMrs. Sarah L. Cilley-Teetor, Cor. Sec. Colo. W. C. T. U., Denver, Colo. "It should be in the hands of mothers of young children everywhere. The good it will do is incalculable, for within its few pages it gives clear and practical instructions as to preserving child-purity of thought, while answering in chaste language questions in regard to the origin of life."ŠEmily S. Bouton, Toledo Blade. "We would like to see this pamphlet placed in every family in which children are being reared."ŠThe Esoteric, December, '96. "`Child-Confidence Rewarded.' Best book on this subject ever written." M. B. Miles, Agent of Western Railway. Weighing Association and Inspection Bureau, Denver, Colo. "This little work is of inestimable value to every mother of growing boys and girls, and should be in every such mother's hands."ŠPacific Health Journal. Price, postpaid, - - 10 cents. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York City. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write Nantes Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bans Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. AM   H:RICA_N SENTINEL, Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom-promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION, PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. Single Copy, Per Year - " Six months - Three months - ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York. 