80 Ng.* YORK, MARCH 5, 1891. ANIERIC.A_N SEN'TINM, VoL. 6, No. 10. NomŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unIeSs plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay or it simply because they take it from the post-office. GOVERNOR PATTISON presided at a mass-meeting, held in Harrisburg, Pennsylva-nia, on the 6th ult., to protest against the Sunday opening of the World's Fair. --Ł OF the proposed new and more liberal Sunday law for Pennsylvania, the " Pearl of Days " says :Š This snake in this bill is the submission of the question of necessity to the verdict of a jury. Any one can see that this would cause delay and expense and uncertainty, which would make the enforce-ment of the law almost impossible. It must be a bad cause that is afraid of trial by jury.  Ł  Al aged minister in this State writes as follows : " My sympathies are with you in the work in which you are engaged. I ain glad to realize that when dangers threaten, God is sure to raise up-some to give the warning. Now, while many are zealously laboring to subvert the free in-stitutions of our Government, THE- AMER-ICAN SENTINEL has been brought into service to give the warning of the danger that threatens." Ł THE American Sabbath Union now has a State auxiliary in Massachusetts. It was organized in Boston on the 18th ult. The officers are as follows : President, Rev. R. G. Adams; Vice-Presidents, Hon. Rufus S. Frost, Hon. Edward H. Dunn, Mr. Daniel S. Ford, Mr. Robert Gilchrist, Hon. Newton Talbot; Secretary, Rev. George A. Crawford; Treasurer, Mr. Franklin. Damon. These gentlemen are supposed to have enough of the " breath of the Puritan " to qualify them for their several offices. THE labor bill now before the German Reichstag provides for the rigid enforce-ment of Sunday rest. " The bill forbids," says the.  Christian Advocate, " Sunday labor in mines, salt-pits,, quarries, coll-ieries, foimderies, workshops, and fac-tories of all kinds. In Austria a recently enacted ordinance forbids,,Stinday toil, in-cluding that on newspapers, so that print-ers in - Vienna are free on Sunday. Den-.mark and Holland have taken a . step in this direction, and even in. Russia petitions demanding that faCtories and' shops be closed on Sunday, bid fair to meet with a su 1.11.4swe, cgostipm. -has in_en taken up in the Pedpral --Pariittniefit of Switzerland, and effective theattires secur-ing rest-to working people, to some extent, on Sunday, have been adopted. The Pe-view of Reviews has an article on! this topic, showing the progress this movement has made within recent years." REV. DR. WILLIAM J. R. TAYLOR, Cor-responding Secretary of the American Sabbath Union, has removed his office from New York, to -Washington, D. C. The " Pearl of Days " says that "as the able representative of the national society for the preservation of the Christian Sab-, bath, the day of rest and worship, he has already received a cordial welcome from many influential residents of Wash-ington." THE Rev. Minot J. Savage, is "a Protest-ant clergyman and a well-known writer, of Boston. He said a few days ago: " We talk as though the Catholics had no rights. We say this is a Protestant country. It isn't. Were I a Catholic I would fight to the bitter end before I would submit to have a religion taught in the public schools which I believed would endanger the eternal welfare of ray child's soul. The causes which led our forefathers into rebellion were less than this. The cure seems to be simple. It lies in justness and fairness to all." THE power of England has been invoked to force a Sunday law upon Hong-Kong. Some months since, the British Mercantile Marine Officerk formed themselves into an Associations and carried on during the year an active 'campaign against Sunday labor. They obtained the Chamber of Commerce's promise to co-operate in a voluntary effort to lessen Sunday labor, but the Officers were not content with this. They desire a law to be passed enforcing the same previsions as in custom ports,` and as the local Government will not.move, they have appealed for support from En-gland. THE San Antonio (Texas) Secular Union is circulating the following petition for the, repeal of the Sunday law of that State:Š Realizing the. pernicious evils that have blemished the history of the nations of the Old World, .lcoy: the combining of ChUrch and State, and fully appreci-ating the sublime wisdom of the founders of our Government in their unmistakable condemnation and inhibition of. such an evil, ": Therefore, We, the undersigned citizens of Texas, would most respectfully represent that nothing is more obvious than that all Sunday laws contained in our statute books are ''infringements upon our liberties and natural-rights; as defined by our fa-thers and clearly Set forth by them in the Declara-tion of Independence and Constitution of the. United States, and we would most respectfully petition your honorable body to repeal all laws requiring the observance of Sunday as a religious institution, or tending to that end. This is a good deal better than the hot and cold deliverance of the American Sec-ular Union twon,-—the same subject. The fact is that all -the Sunday laws now in existence rest upon the religious character of the day, and were it possible to separate from such laws all religious considerations without totally destroying the laws, no-body would care to retain them upon the statute books or to enforce them if so re-tained. Sunday is nothing, if not relig-ious. Ł IN Our Day, for January, Rev. Mr. Crafts, in telling " what was done for Sabbath reform in 1890," says :Š The richest contribution of the South to the sheaf of the year is the petition of its great Baptist Con-vention, its Presbyterian Assembly, its Cumberland Assembly, and of the Episcopal Council of Virginia, asking Congress to forbid Sunday work in the mili-tary and mail service, in interstate commerce, and in the District of Columbia and the Territories, which, with the further indorsements of the Lu-theran General Synod, the National Council of Con-gregational Churches, and many other bodies, made an army of two million one hundred thousand rep-resentative petitions presented in one day of this year to the present Congress, How strangely un-moved it is by this appeal, like the sound of many waters, for the emancipation of millions from Sun-day slavery ! Let the petitioning go on. The Breck-inridge Bill for a rest day in the capital, asked for by its commissioners, and approved by the Presi-dent, may be passed in the present Congress if earnestly urged. And yet many people fondly imagine that the backbone of the national Sunday-law movement is broken, and that little or nothing remains to be done in opposi-tion to it. In this very sense of security, and in the indifference which it begets, lurks the most serious danger of the, situ-ation. FEBRUARY 9, the following resolution was offered in the United States Senate and referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations :Š Resolved, That the Senate of the United States has heard with great concern the statements in the newspapers -in regard to the alleged persecutions of the Jews in Russia, and also in reference to the cruel treatment of State prisoners in Siberia, and Other places of imprisonment in the dominions of the Czar. And the President of the United States is hereby requested to appeal, on the ground of humanity, to the Emperor of Russia to take measures to inquire into these alleged wrongs and cruelties to the sub-jects of Russia, and to,  place them in a condition of freedom and equal right. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religions. Š IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposedito anything-tending,  toward a union of Church and State, iiither in name or in fact. Single 0opy,Toer Year, post-paid, $1.00 In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, ' 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, 5S. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York. 