598 AMERICAN SENTINEL. part of the gospel truth at all times. One who has come to the Sabbath, to the rest and the strength which it brings, is able to aid others, as it is not possible to do without such personal experience. "I have been so strengthened and blessed in my brief experience as a Sabbath-keeper, that I know whereof I speak. I know that the women of the United States, es-pecially those connected with the Christian Temperance Union, need this higher conception of truth and of loy-alty to the Word of God, and I know that many are longing for it. The hearts of the women of the United States furnish favorable soil for Sabbath truth, and while many influences may seem to turn them aside from it, I am sure that no richer field for this reform can be found. "This question is so important that we cannot ex-pect thoughtful people to break away from all their past teachings and associations, under the behest of this higher truth, in a moment; but no one who is ac-quainted with the loyal and consecrated women conŁ nected with the temperance work in the United States, can doubt the earnestness of their purpose, and their honesty in every endeavor to secure temperance, right-eousness, and purity, for all classes. To such hearts, Sabbath truth will not always appeal in vain. Neither must we be disheartened because great numbers are not with us. The power of every great reform is propor-tionate to its accord with God, and not to the numbers that may join in it at the beginning. "The work of Sabbath reform, as represented by this society, will not be in vain. Future evangelistic effort should be thoroughly permeated by this truth, as the efforts put forth in the State of Ohio during the past summer have been. Sabbath truth will give strength -and richness to evangelism. It brings higher consecra-tion to the evangelist, and enables him to preach a full gospel, enriched by the spirit of love and obedience. As the Sabbath stands in the center of God's divine com-mands, and as Christ, by repeated teachings and abun-dant example, taught the larger and better conception of Christian Sabbath-keeping, so Sabbath reform must always be an important part of that true evangelism which leads men to Christ, and to that love of truth which rejoices in full obedience to the law of God, to magnify and honor which Christ gave himself and his life. Evangelism and Sabbath reform are essential parts of the work of uplifting and extending the kingdom of -Christ among men " Sunday Idleness Promoting Sunday Work. A PROMINENT religious journal of this city, Christian Work, calls attention to a "notable phase of the Sunday labor question" which illustrates the difficulty of deal-ing with the question by law. So long as people will work on the "Sabbath" unless they are actually prohib-ited from it by lawŠso long as they will not observe the day from obedience to the dictates of conscienceŠthe problem of securing the desired observance of the day will remain unsolved. And so far as Sunday is con-cerned, it cannot be hoped that people will be restrained from work by conscience, because an enlightened con- science points to the seventh day, and not Sunday, as the true Sabbath. The Christian Work says:Š "One notable phase of the Sunday labor question, upon which as relating to Massachusetts we comment in other columns, is to be found in the fact that the very reluctance to Sunday labor, and resistance to work on that day, produces the directly opposite effect in pro-moting Sunday labor in other directions. Thus the action of the working people in resisting Sunday labor is natural and commendable, as it enables them to use the day for visiting neighboring pleasure resorts or making excursions by rail or water. This creates a de-mand for the service of car conductors and motormen, steamboat hands, waiters, bartenders, and a great vari-ety of employees. "Again, rapid increase in the population of larger citiesŠand this is especially true of this City of New YorkŠhas brought about a sharp change in social con-ditions, customs and habits. It has brought in the ten-ement and the flat with their slender accommodations, and made it necessary that grocery stores, milk depots, butcher shops, bakeries, and other places be kept open for at least a few hours on Sunday in order that tenants .may obtain fresh supplies of food. It has caused an in-creasing number of persons to live in hotels and board-ing houses, thus adding to the need for servants, cooks, waiters, steam engineers, and similar employees on the first day of the week. "Sunday newspapers are now printed in all cities of any importance, and this has added an army of news-boys and newsdealers to the list of Sunday workers. In-deed, not a little of the increase in Sunday employment is due to church-goers, for in the larger cities churches are often situated at such a distance that persons are compelled to use a street car or a cab to reach them. "All this is occasion for profound regret: especially is it so as relating to those whose circumstances place them above the necessity for seeking recreation on the Sabbath, and who class themselves as church-goers, yet with whom church-going has become the minimum quan-tity and recreation the maximum. "One phase of the matter not to be omitted here is the superfluous carriage attendance at the churches. In many instances the distance covered by the carriages does not exceed three blocks: yet my lady must have her carriage outŠthe driver and the groom must be on hand, and she must roll up to church in state in order to confess that she has 'erred and strayed from thy ways like lost sheep,'Ša-  comparison which is rather hard on the sheep, for they know no better. We add in this rela-tion that on one occasion a well-known fashionable lady of this city, having to leave her church on 'the avenue' early one Sunday morning because of illness, was sur-prised and indignant, as she opened the church door, to hear the drivers in attendance exchanging ribaldry and indulging in profanity. So grieved was she that from that moment she discontinued the use of her carriage, and even took a pew in a nearer church that she might give effect to her resolution." Conscience alone can settle the question of Sabbath rest, and to conscience it must be left by the State. Conscience is the one restraining power that can exert its influence in the heart, and thus control the life. But it can control only the one being in whom it resides. 