AMERICAN SENTINEL. 151 some apples that they were forbidden to touch. One thought of one reason and another mentioned another good reason why it would not be wrong to take those apples. One encouraged the other, and this was easy -to do, for each one wanted an excuse to take the apples and was glad when an especially good reason for an excuse and quieter of conscience was advanced. In this way restraint was finally overcome, and the boys rushed pell mell into the orchard. Corona, Cal. Ruin Sure to Follow Apostasy. BY H. F. PHELPS. IN the two great republics, ancient Rome and the United States, has been exemplified, before all the na-tions of the earth, the principle of self-government, as far, perhaps, as is possible in earthly governments. But self-government is a principle of Bible truth. Ancient Rome imbibed this principle in spite of pagan-ism. And with her paganism and with the principle of self-government, was to be found perfect freedom of Łworship, with but one restriction,Šthere must be an acknowledgment that the gods of the Romans were the superiors of all other gods. Her apostasy from the principle of truth which she possessed was her ruin. Certainly there can be no room for question but that this last republic is in advance of that ancient republic just to the extent that she is in possession of more Bible truth. And to the extent that this is so, it can be said as of other peoples and cities: "It will be more tolerable in the day of judgment for ancient pagan Rome than for thee." For with all the history of the career and downfall of Rome before us, written both upon the pages of prophesy and history, this nation -is going over the same road of apostasy and disinte-gration. And what then can be before her but total ruin? Having the principles of truth in greater perfection than Rome, in the very beginning of her history as a nation, she declared that "No religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any position of trust under the United States." Thus an advance step was taken in not demanding a recognition of even the Chris-tian's God as superior to all others, that there might be the most absolute freedom in all matters of con-science. Having more light than her ancient sister republic, this nation adopted the principles of Protestantism and republicanism, absolute civil and religious liberty. This was done because the framers of the national Con-stitution recognized the rights of all men to govern themselves in all matters both civil and religious. But now that the nation is repudiating the princi-ples of Protestantism and republicanism, and thereby  losing the power of self-governmentŠthe light of truth becoming darknessŠthe question arises, Will the art of self-government die out of the earth? Not at ;all, we reply. In the very midst of all this apostasy and gen-eral ruin that is so sure to follow, the principle of self-government will be exemplified as never before. And the people in whom this principle of truth will be mani-fested is the church of the living God. Not through sec-tarianism, but by the power of the "everlasting gospel," which is "the power of God unto salvation to all that believe." EXPANSION has taken hold of men's minds,said Con-gressman Bartholdt, of Missouri, in the House a day or two ago, "and if existing constitutions do not cover it they must give way." That is the spirit of the whole thing. If it is opposed to free government then perish free government.ŠSpringfield Republican. Bill to Abolish Slavery. A BILL to abolish slavery in Hawaii has been intro-duced into Congress. The bill in general relates to the government of Hawaii, and the part providing for the abolition of slavery is in the form of an amendment se- cured by Senator Pettigrew, of South Dakota, who was recently denounced by a New Jersey senator as a traitor. We trust the bill with this amendment will be passed; for as has been noticed in these columns, there is actual slavery in Hawaii, in territory subject to the jurisdiction of the United States. A Washington despatch relating to the matter says:Š "Slavery in Hawaii will be abolished if the bill now pending in the Senate for a government for the islands is made a law. Senator Pettigrew has secured the adoption of an amendment to the bill which provides that 'all contracts made since Aug. 12, 1898, by which persons are held for services for a definite term, etc.,' shall be declared void. "Mr. Pettigrew, in support'of his amendment, said that since the annexation of the islands more than 30,-000 Asiatics had been brought into the islands as con-tract laborers. He showed by the report of the Ha-waiian Board of Immigration that the importation of Japanese coolies had increased more than 100 per cent. since the annexation, and that they were now brought into Hawaii at the rate of 3,000 a month. "These laborers, he said, are bound by contracts to serve from three to tenŁyears. Their average monthly pay is $12.50, out of which they are compelled to board themselves. Each month $1.50 is deducted by the Im-migration Commission of Hawaii to pay their passage home after completing their terms of service, and there is a system of fines by which their earnings are still fur-ther reduced, until they get only about $6 a month." 