350 VoL. 10, No. 44. the laws under which they live, so long as such laws are not contrary to the Word of God. The Church should sustain no organic relation to the State, and receive no patronage or support from it, since to do that would imply the right of supervision and dicta-tion by the State. The support of religion belongs to those who profess it, and to allow fellowship and ac-cept patronage from the State never fails to secularize the spirit and to corrupt the purity of the Church. The civil authorities have no right to enforce or de-mand any form of faith, any manner of worship, nor yet to establish by law or compql the observance of a sabbath, or any religious institution. It has no right to force conformity, or to punish dissent. Baptists to-day are loyal to their traditions through all the past. What they have demanded, labored for, and suffered to secure, is not toleration, but liberty; liberty in all concerns of conscience and of faith. The enact-ment of civil laws for the control or the curtailment of religious liberty, or for the infliction of civil pen-alties for nonconformity and the exercise of religious liberty, is wrong, unjust, contrary to the spirit of the gospel and to the genius of Christianity. Let it be remembered that history teaches that the religious system that is espoused by any State, is always the system of the strongest and most aggressive religious party in that State, without regard to whether it is right or wrong. DANGER SIGNALS. [Midland (Mich.) Republican, April 19, 1895.] A WRITER who has not sufficiently the courage of his convictions to call himself any-thing else but " M," takes exception to the remarks of the Republican in regard to the danger of putting in the Constitution of the United States a clause naming " Christ as the nation's Sovereign, Lord, and King," and says: "We do not see the `great world's coun-cil' assembled to elect the representative of Christ." This simply proves that " M" does not look into the past, nor open his eyes to the facts of to-day. It places him in the ranks of those who " having eyes see not." Can he be oblivious to the fact that there is to-day, on earth, a representativeŠelected to his officeŠfor whom it is claimed that he should be recognized by all nations as a su-preme arbiter ? But "M" says:Š Intolerance and persecution in the past had their stronghold, not in belief in Christ or acknowledgment of him, but in the ignorance of the masses. The spread of education renders such bloody scenes as the world has witnessed in the name of religion highly improbable if not quite impossible in this day. It is because of the value of information and acquaintance with the warnings of history and the signs of the times, and because of the good that an enlightened press may do in sounding these warnings that we have hope. We trust that before the proposition referred to is put to a vote of the States, the intelli-gence of the people and the " campaign of education" will insure its defeat. Mind that we have not said a word against belief in Christ, nor against trust in God. The 'prop-osition does not touch these. These pertain to the individual; but when any man or set of men undertake to rule others in the name of Christ, and invoke the civil law to help them, there will be persecution. Men are lying in jail to-day in this " land of the free," simply for obeying the dictates of their own consciences in a matter of reli-gious (Sabbath) observance. They are perse-cuted in the name and by the authority of the civil law. Referring to these things, no less a person than Dr. Lyman Abbot, in the Out-look, says:Š Let these abuses be ventilated. ŁThe sooner we un-derstand whether this is actually a free country, the better it will be for all concerned. The Examiner and National Baptist, of New York, says:Š In not a few of our States religious liberty is grossly,  wickedly, infamously violated through the abuse of what are called the Sunday laws. The Church Bulletin (Baptist), of Chicago, says:Š Let us be careful how we let in the camel's nose of religious legislation. The Louisville Courier Journal says:Š People are asking if we are returning to the days of Cotton Mather or the Spanish Inquisition. But " M " says there is no danger. Let's sleep on while the choir sings. Yet at the very moment a determined and persistent effort is being made to wipe out what consti-tutional guarantees there are against this dangerous tendency. The New York World says: "It [the State] has no more right to prescribe the religious observance of sabbaths and holy days, than to order sacraments and ordain creeds." Yet the convention referred to demanded that the " religious observance" mentioned be put in the Constitution, and further detnanded the very thing that would lead to the ordaining of creeds,Šin fact, demanded that a creed should be put in the Constitution itself! Ł SECULARISTS BECOMING CONSISTENT. AT the fourteenth annual congress of the American Secular Union in 1890, a resolution was adopted demanding the "repeal of all laws enforcing the observance of Sunday as a religious institution rather than an economic one, justified by physiological and other sec-ular reasons." In commenting upon this demand of the American Secular Union, in the SENTINEL of Oct. 9, 1890, we said: " Sunday is, and always was, a religious institution. It was such in the old pagan world, and it is such now in the Christian' world, and we deny the right of the State to require its observance upon any grounds whatever. True, it is regarded as a holiday by many who have no religious regard for it, or indeed for anything else, and they have a perfect right to so use that or any other day, so far as their fellowmen are con-cerned; but we deny the right of one portion of the community or State to fasten upon the other portion, that is, upon the minority, no matter how small a minority it may be, the observance of Sunday or of any other day, for any reason either religious or otherwise. We do not deny the right of the State to make any day or any number of days legal holidays, leaving the individual citizen free to observe or not to observe such days just as he sees fit, as is now the case with the Fourth of July and other holidays; but to require the observ-ance of such days, or to forbid upon one day, acts which are freely permitted upon other days, is art abuse of the power of the State. The American Secular Union should lay the ax to the root of the tree and demand that all laws directly or indirectly enforcing the observance of Sunday' upon any pretext, be repealed. This advice has been followed more than once by the body to which it was given; and its adoption of and adherence to correct prin-ciples in this matter gives us ground to hope that some at least of its numbers may yet be led to discriminate fully between the Chris-tianity of Christ and the " Christianity" of the creeds. The SENTINEL labors not to de-stroy but to build, We would not take from any man the faith that he has without at the same time giving him ground for a better, a nobler, a truer faith. DOES CONSCIENCE REQUIRE IT ? BY F. D. STARR. IN its issue of Sept. 7, the Christian States-man makes an editorial comment on the prosecution of Seventh-day Baptists and' Sev-enth-day Adventists for violating the Sunday law. It says that the idea that there is any persecution about these arrests and imprison-ments is an entire misapprehension of the facts in the case. Concerning labor on the first day of the week, the Statesman says: " No man's conscience requires him to work on that day." Upon this basis it argues that there can be no persecution whatever in a man's being forced by law to refrain from labor on the first day of the week. The Statesman has undertaken a very grave task in attempting to decide what other men's consciences demand of them to do. It also states that " if anyone chooses to observe every day as a sabbath, the law will not inter-fere." It is readily admitted by all that some people's consciences require them to observe the seventh day of the week; but most people have consciences that take in other matters than the mere observance of any certain day in the week. Every Scripture requirement becomes to the true disciple of Christ a matter of conscience, and when he reads in 1 Tim. 5: 8, " But if any provide not for his own, and especially for those of his own house, he bath denied the faith, and is worse than an infidel," he feels in conscience bound to per-form his duty. If he should neglect it, his conscience would condemn him, and properly, too. We infer from the statement of the States-man that no man's conscience requires him to work on the first day of the week, that no man's conscience requires him to work on any day of the week, and logically that a man's conscience would not be violated if he should not work three days or even seven days in the week. But what sort of a Christian would he be who had such a conscience ? Conscience requires a man to provide for himself and for his own family, as well as to observe a certain day'of the week. The same God who gave the commandment to observe the seventh day of the week as the Sabbath gave just as explicit a command for laboring six days, so as to provide for our temporal necessities. With the close times and increasing poverty among the laboring classes, it does not require any argument to show that a man actually needs the entire six days for laboring in which to support his family. If he takes off fifteen or twenty per cent. of his time, as he would have to do in observing an extra day, as a day of enforced idleness, we cannot conceive how his con-science could leave him at ease in the matter. It seems that the Statesman has not well con-sidered this point, for its position that no man's conscience requires him to work six days in the week would certainly indicate an extremely low idea of what a conscientious Christian must be. With a dependent family upon his hands to support, imagine, if you cart, his conscience leaving him entirely un-molested on that day that he devotes to idle-ness, earning nothing whatever, but rather consuming the earnings of the other five days. It seems remarkable that in an age of Chris-tian enlightenment, any professed follower of the Master, who was ever diligent Himself, and who left ample instruction upon the point of diligence in business and frugal use of every moment of time, could advocate the absurd idea that a man can be a follower of Christ, and his conscience give him no trouble in so grave a matter as wasting quite a con-siderable portion of time every week, when he 