JULY 4, 1895. 'JD 114, the mouth of Cotton Mather, and direct it against Baptists. It is true that the laws requiring Baptists to have their children baptized, are severe, but what are the civil authorities, entrusted with the enforcement of the laws, to do with men who openly persist in refusing to have their children baptized, when their fellow-cit-izens are not permitted to disobey? Is it clear that such persons have any claim on our sym-pathies when the laws of the colony are put in force against them? Is it not the duty of good citizens to obey the laws of their country? They may, of course, secure the modification of the law (however they should not be al-lowed to succeed in this), but in the meantime it is their duty to obey the law and have their children sprinkled. At this point an attempt will be made to show that the eases are not parallel, because the statute enforcing the traditional church dogma of infant baptism is a religious act in Conflict with conscience, while the acts en-forcing the observance of the traditional church dogma of Sunday sacredness are not religious statutes. But this no man can do. The Canadian Baptist will not deny any of the following statements:- 1. Sunday statutes originated in a union of Church and State. 2. They were originated for the purpose of enforcing the religious observance of the day. 3. No attempt was made to defend them on civil grounds until the great principle of separation of Church and State was applied to governments. 4. And even now the, greater portion of those who advocate Sunday statutes do it on the religious basis. 5. The very wording of the statutes even to`-day betray their origin, nature and object. These facts are so patent that we believe that the Canadian Baptist will not have the hardi-hood to deny any of them; and yet, while admitting all this, it attempts to prove that though Sunday laws were born and reared in ft union of Church and State, and still wear their ecclesiastical dress, and are vitalized and Utilized by ecclesiastics, that nevertheless they are purely civil enactments. The Baptist historian, Robert Baird, has this to say on the civil excuse for ecclesiasL Veal statutes:Š The rulers of Massachusetts put the Quakers to death and banished " Antinomians and "Anabaptists," not because of their religious tenets, but because of their violation of civil laws. This is the justification they pleaded, and it was the best they could make. Miserable excuse ! But just so it is; wherever there is such a union of Church and State, heresy and heret-ical practices are apt to become violations of the civil code, and are punished no longer as errors in religion, but infractions of the laws of the land. So the de-fenders of the Inquisition have always spoken and written in justification of that awful and most iniqui-tous tribunal.Š"Religion in America," p. 94. The Canadian Baptist urges seventh-day observers to obey the Sunday act, even though they must lose one sixth of their time thereby. If it were merely a matter of loss of time, this advice would be good from a , financial stand-point,-since the fines and imprisonments are far more expensive than the loss of one day each week. But 'their attitude toward the act does not turn on the financial problem. Once for all we want to impress the Canadian Baptist with the thought that Seventh-day Adventists cannot conscientiously obey Sunday " laws." They regard the Sunday-sabbath as the sign of;  papal apostasy from the Word of God, and Sunday "laws" as attempts to compel them to boW to this mark of the papal beast. The Canadian Baptist may deny that they are -conscientious in the matter, and that the enforcement of the " laws" is religious persecu- tion. Russia denies that it is persecuting Jews and Stundists, and argues that its " laws" are for the good of society; but that does not change the facts. The Massachusetts author-ities denied that they persecuted Baptists and denied their claim of conscience, and con-tended that the laws were wholesome and ne-cessary for the common weal; but this did not change the fact that Baptists were conscien-tious, that they were persecuted, and that the acts under which they suffered were persecut-ing measures. Oh! for another John Bunyan, or Roger Williams! It is gratifying to know that the Canadian Baptist still regards the Sunday-law problem as a " vexed and difficult question." This indi-cates that the struggle between Baptist princi-ples of separation,  of Church and State and the old error of Church and State union have not yet been definitely settled in its mind in favor of persecution. AN OPEN OPEN LETTER TO JUDGE JANES. JUDGE JANESŠDear Sir: As a citizen of Georgia, and a lover of justice and right, I address these lines to you, inspired by the facts of the trial and conviction of Mr. J. Q. Allison, at the court house in Douglasville, May 15. I have always supposed that laws and courts were instituted for the sole purpose of administering justice and equity between citi-zens, and to protect individuals in the enjoy-ment of their inalienable or God-given rights against all invaders. But according to your ruling and that of judges in other States, law seems to be a travesty on justice, because the States and courts themselves become the in-vaders and criminals against the inalienable rights of individuals. Now, Mr. Janes, I want to know where the State and the courts get the right to invade a man's home and drag him up before a court and extort from him his property, or deprive him of his liberty when he has done no wrong to any one ? Is this your highest idea of justice ? You ad-mitted what his neighbors said about him, that is, he was a good man, but you must make an example of him so as to deter bad men from committing such a crime against the State and humanity! Is this your highest idea of justice ? Is it any less a crime for the State to deprive an individual of his property, liberty, or life, without just cause, than it is for an individual to do it ? Did legality make it right to hang Quakers on Boston Common, or to burn heretics in England or Spain ? You are versed in the science of law, and a judge, and ought to be able to answer these questions. . Again, does legality transform a wrong into a right ? It would seem that you think so, judging from your decision. Your talk to Mr. Allison savored strongly of the character of a certain judge that figured in the interest of King James II. in 1683. You say sub-stantially: " We will, in consideration of your being a good man, let you off by paying costs, or twelve months in the chain-gang; but if you come up here again we will put you where you won't get out of the State for a long time." Again I ask, is this your highest idea of justice and right ? Now, Judge Janes, you have made an ex-ample of this good man, Mr. Allison, in order to deter bad men from committing the heinous crime of working on Sunday. Now let me tell you that there is but a few of the good citizens in the State of Georgia who do not violate that Sunday law every week in the year, and you by that decision have given to every bad man in the State the opportunity to  drag any of these gcod citizens up before you,or some other judge, where they may be deprived of their property, or liberty. Is this the highest idea you can express for the good of humanity ? Then again, here are the cars thundering along right by the court house and churches, making more disturbance than all the Seventh-day Adventists in the State would working Sunday. Isn't this a violation of the Sunday law ? The corporation can violate the law with impunity, but the good citizen, Mr. Allison, must be made an example so as to deter all bad men from violating this Sunday law. Your plea about civil law is on a par with the Jeffrey judges that hung Quakers on Boston Common and burned heretics in Eng-land, Holland, and Spain. They were good men, but the civil law must be carried out to the letterŠthat was the oath of these judges. This case is not the first legal crime that has been committed in the Douglasville court house; it is not the first time that good men have been punished legally, when they had done no wrong to any person; but the law must be carried out even if it grinds good citizens to powder, becauSe this is your oath. Now Judge Janes, you should keep in mind that you, the same as all the rest of mankind, must, some time in the future, stand up in a court and render an account for all acts done in the past. Your plea of civil law, and of your oath that compels you to injure one in person or property who has committed no crime nor injured anyone (there was no evi-dence that Mr. Allison had injured anyone in person or property) won't amount to much in a court where eternal justice is to be done. You will find, sir, in that court it is no crime to work on Sunday, and all legislators and lawyers in the world cannot make it a crime either. You will find, sir, that you are the criminal in this Allison case. He had done nothing wrong to anyone. No human enact-ment can ever abrogate the eternal principle of justice. You, sir, injured him without any just cause, and you may some time in the future find yourself in a state, or condition, that you cannot get out of, until you have paid the last farthing. Chattel slavery was made legal, but the breath of eternal justice swept it away with a vengeance. Deo postulo justilia et rectos act omnis. A. M. RICHARDSON. JUDGE RICHIE'S DECISION. The defendants are presented on warrants drawn under Section 1,303, of the Kentucky Statutes, and charged with " keeping open a bar-room for the sale of spirituous, vinous and malt liquors on Sunday." To these warrants a general and special demurrer have been interposed, and upon these demurrers the cases are submitted. The special demurrer raises the question of jurisdic-tion. The Criminal Code at Section 13, Subsection 5, provides: " Justices shall have concurrent jurisdiction with the Circuit Courts in the prosecution of offenses, the punishment of which is limited to a fine not ex-ceeding $100." Subsection 6, of the section aforesaid, declares that "Judges of the County Courts shall have the same original criminal jurisdiction as Justices' Courts." The misdemeanors with which the defendants are charged are punished by fines of not less than $10 nor more than $50. Clearly then, these offenses are within the jurisdiction of a justice of the peace, and there-fore within the jurisdiction of this court. It follows then that the special demurrer to the jurisdiction of this court must be overruled. The general demurrer, conceding the technical sufficiency of the warrant under Section 1,303, questions the constitutionality of that section. Prior to the adoption of the new constitution we had a general Sunday law, universal in its terms and 