338 N1Ilatt, CC N LO VOL. 9. No. 43. " with the greatest demonstrations " of enthusiasm, the following :Š There are many Christian issues to which Catholics could come together with non-Catholics, and shape civil legislation for the public peal. In spite of rebuff and injustice and overlooking zealotry, we should seek alliance with non-Catholics for proper Sunday observance. Without going over to the Judaic Sab-bath, we can bring the masses over to the moderation of the Christian Sunday. Commenting on their success, one branch of this political church combination spoke thus :Š The National Lay Congress of Roman Catholics, after correspondence and conference with the American Sabbath Union, passed its famous resolution in favor of cooperation with Protestants in Sabbath reform. . . . This does not mean that the millennium is to be built in a day. This is only a proposal of court-ship ; and the parties thus far have approached each other shyly. The Christian Statesman and the Na-tional Reform Association continued to circulate literature among legislaTive and judicial heads of the Government until finally the Supreme Court of the United States rendered a decision asserting that " this is a Christian nation," and in evi- dence citing the Sunday laws of the sev- eral States, "in a document that reads as if largely gathered from the National Reform manual" (Christian Statesman, June 25, 1892). With this decision in their hands the Christian Statesman edi-tors and their allied political churches continued their plotting to gain control of the whole Government of America. They urged upon congressmen that since this country had been declared a Christian_ nation, since Sunday was the Christian Sabbath, it was the duty of a Christian nation to protect the Christian Sabbath. At the same time they continued to solicit the aid of that other political church, the papacy, and to present the names of her archbishops and bishops in favor of their scheme. To all this was added the polit-ical boycott, and congressmen were threat- ened with political death if they refused to vote for a Sunday law closing the World's Fair on Sunday. The plotting succeeded. The Government surrendered to these political churches. A Sunday law was enacted. Something the Congress of the United States had, up to this time, utterly refused to do. Not only refused, but declared if it were ever done it would result in the- ruin of the American Repub-lic. Here are the words of the United States Senate report on Sunday mails, adopted Jan. 19, 1829, in response to peti-tions for a Sunday law :Š Let the national legislature once perform an act which involves the decision of a religious controversy, and it will have passed its legitimate bounds. The precedent will then be established, and the foundation laid, for that usurpation of the divine prerogative in this country which has been the desolating scourge to the fairest portions of the Old World. Extensive religious combinations to effect a political object are, in the opinion of the committee, always dan-gerous. This first effort [to secure a national Sunday law] of the kind calls for the establishment of a prin-ciple which, in the opinion of the committee, would lay the foundation for dangerous innovations upon the spirit of the Constitution, and upon the religious rights of the citizens. If admitted, it may be justly apprehended that the future measures of the Govern-ment will be strongly marked, if not eventually con-trolled, by the same influence. All religious despotism commences by combination and influence; and when that influence begins to operate upon the political insti-tutions of a country, the civil power soon bends under it; and the catastrophe of other nations furnishes an awful warning of the consequence. And now that the Christian Statesman and its allied political churches have, with the aid of that other political church, been successful in their plottings, that 'other political church proceeds immediately to tell the Christian Stat sin a it and its  "Protestant " allies that Sunday is sorely a Roman Catholic institution, and in the matter of the enactment and enforcement of Sunday laws " the Government assumes the right to enforce a religious dogma of the Catholic Church." And now after they have made the " proposal of courtship " and the papacy has responded to their adulterous ad-vances, they rise up and with an assump-tion of immaculate chastity profess to be shocked with the undue liberties taken by that other political church, and assert that they are about to "turn pale with fear and wrath." While this political church combination was plotting to gain control of the whole Government of America, and courting that political church, the papacy; the AMERICAN SENTINEL, and the Seventh-day Adventist Church were protesting by voice and pen and telling them that they would one day stand aghast at the ruin they had wrought. While they were picking away at that magnificent break-water, the American Constitution, we ex-horted them in the name of American liberty, in the name of humanity, and in the name of Christianity to desist, telling them they were but making a breach through which would flow the angry seas of papal domination and intolerance. But they heeded us not. Now they are turn-ing pale with fear and wrath at the ruin that follows. And now we continue to stand as faith-ful watchmen, warning the people of ap-proaching ruin, and calling to them and all men with God's message of mercy : " Come out of her, my people, that ye partake not of her sins and receive not of her plagues." Come out of Babylon the great, the mother of harlots and abomina-tions of the earth. Come out of her daughters, the plotting political churches who have " become the habitation of devils, and the hold of every foul spirit, and a cage of every unclean and hateful bird." Ł A Presbyterian Paper Against God and Against Itself. ACCORDING to the Cleveland Leader of October 5, J. F. Andrews, a Presbyterian minister, was expelled recently from the Ohio Synod for preaching that Saturday is the true Sabbath." Commenting on the case, the Herald and Presbyter, of Cincinnati, in its issue of October 10, says:Š It is reported that the Presbytery of Muskingum, of the United Presbyterian Church, recently suspended one of its members from the ministry for persistently preaching and teaching that Saturday is the true Sab-bath. He took an appeal to the synod meeting last week at Wheeling, W. Va. Of course, the Presbytery was sustained. He then gave notice of an appeal to the General Assembly. If the facts are as reported, it is hard to find words sufficiently condemnatory of such a man. The position of the United Presbyterian Church as to the Sabbath is so well known that any one seeking  to agitate it on this line is a mere dis-turber of the peace. We shall expect to hear of some one denying the existence of God and appealing to some General Assembly, and then crying out that his liberty has been abridged because he is not sustained. The full significance of this utterance will appear when it is remembered that the Word of GodŠthe BibleŠsays plainly and in so many words, that "the seventh day is the Sabbath." The ridicule of the Herald and Presbyter falls not upon the offending minister but upon the Word of God and upon Him who will one day say : " Inasmuch as ye have done it unto  one of the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me." But the Herald and Presbyter is not consistent even with itself. On another page of the same issue containing the par- agraph to which we refer, we find these words :Š Thus we see that the pope, in this matter acted ar-bitrarily, imperiously, and in utter disregard of the opinions and wishes of the priests and bishops in this country. But they have to submit, for the pope is vicar of Christ, the infallible head of the church. People who believe in and submit to ecclesiastical des-potism are unfit for civil freedom. We have no fault to find with this utter-ance in itself. But the Herald and Pres-byter condemns itself in saying it. The matter to which it refers is the sending of a papal delegate to this country. This, it is asserted, the pope did contrary to the wishes of the American priests and 'bishops ; and because they thus submit in a mere matter of discipline, the Herald and Pres-byter thinks them unfit for civil freedom, while insisting that in a matter of faith, a question of conscience, a man ought to unquestioningly submit to the Presbyte-rian Church, even when the decision of the courts of that church is directly con- trary to the BibleŠthe Protestants' pro-fessed rule of faith. But a thousand times rather would we stand with the poor deposed preacher than to occupy the highest place in a church which makes void the law of God by human tradition, or sit in the seat of the editor who hurls his shaft of ridicule against the humblest man who dares to obey God rather than man. The Judg-ment draws on apace. Only on an Equality With Romanism. DECEMBER 12, Sweden will celebrate the three hundredth anniversary of the birth of Gustavus Adolphus, " The Lion of the North." " Every Protestant nation," it is stated, "has been invited to take part in the celebration, and whether officially or not, will be represented." An announcement of the coming cele- bration recently sent out from Stockholm, says:Š Up to the time that the great Swede marched into Germany there had not been a strong arm raised for the Protestant cause. Always their leaders had been weak men and their soldiers divided into small bodies by petty jealousies. Then came a soldier whose repu-tation lives to this day as superior to that of any man of his century. He picked up the defeat-stained banner of Protestantism and bore it steadily forward, achieving even in his death a victory which for all time established the Protestant religion on a basis of equality with that of Roman Catholicism. The last sentence, especially the last clause, is literally true: that victory did establish " the Protestant religion on a basis of equality with that of Roman Catholicism," and it has never in those countries risen above it from that day to this. "The spirit of Luther," says the writer which we quote, " was abroad in the North, and the man and the time had come to demonstrate that the men of the North would no longer be held in bondage by Austria and the Church of Rome." But was it the "spirit of Luther " ? Luther's only weapon was the " sword of the Spirit, the Word of God." By that he conquered, and he would have no other. " The pope and the emperor," said he, "combined against me; but the more they blustered the more did the gospel gain ground. . . . And why was this ? Because I never drew the sword or called 