90 THE A_IVIERICAN SENTINEL. men yirtuous, because, on the other hand, it might be said with equal reason that one who can make more by retaining than by giving up, is foolish not to retain. The reason for the virtue of politeness is this :Š To wear a smile is to have a great power in society, making often all the difference between the popular and unpopular person. . . . The polite man only is considered a gentleman. . . . To be polite is to appear elegant and dignified.ŠPage 45. Now the query is, if a person practices politeness, in order to have great power in society, to be popular, to be considered a gentleman, and to appear elegant and dig-nified, then in that case is politeness en-tirely a virtue ? The reasons for the virtue of cheerful-ness, are as follows :Š The cheerful man has a gl'eat power in society. As an orator he gets attention by his quick sym-pathy,; his good fellowship makes him desired as a companion; men like to trade with him, and women are more apt to love him.ŠPage 74. Again, we ask, If a person is cheerful for such reasons as that, then-  in that case is such cheerfulness a virtue ? Is it not rather a vice ? Next, the author discusses the vices which are antagonistic to the virtue of kindness; the first of which is hate. The reason why hate " is not the proper feeling to have for anything," is because hate has no utility. It gives no pleasure, fur-nishes no protection, reforms no depravity . . . So that if one has simply his own happiness in view, he should avoid hate as unprofitable. . . . Nor is there any corresponding action for hate that is at all useful.ŠPage 82. This is to argue if hate had utility, or if it gave great pleasure, or were profitable or useful, then it would be perfectly proper to exercise it for all it is worth. This is utilitarianism with a vengeance. As for us, indeed, we should not want our children to be taught that kind of morality in the public schools or anywhere else. His reasons for not indulging anger are to the same purpose. Merely, it is " useless " and "gets little respect from either friend or foe."ŠPage 86. One of the chief reasons for the virtue of veracity is this :Š No trait has more commercial value than veracity. When one is known to be unflinchingly true, so that in every circumstance he can be relied on, and especially in the greatest temptation, he becomes a man much sought after. . . . To be true and to have a reputation for truth is thus a large capital for the average man. . . . He who would lie much; and preserve a reputation for truth, will find his task harder than to tell the truth uniformly, and in the end less successful. The disadvantages of lying are obvious.ŠPages 102, 103, 104, Now from the " commercial " point of view, everybody knows that there are very often times when the advantage of lying is the most obvious thing in the world. Does anybody suppose that to all the millionaires in this country, the dis-advantages of lying have always been obvious ? But whether anybody supposes this or not, the questions still recur, Is that a sufficient reason for the virtue of  veracity ? are such reasons as this suffi-cient proof that veracity is a virtue ? In other words, if lying had more commercial value than telling the truth, and was a larger capital to the average man, and if the advantage of it were obvious, then, according to this system of morality, would not lying be a virtue ? The reason for honesty, is the, same pre-cisely as that for veracity, as logically, it ought to be. Here it is :Š Honesty like truthfulness has much commercial value.ŠPages 119. And again, we may merely inquire, If it should be found that dishonesty has greater commercial value than honesty, that is, if a man can make more by being dishonest than by being honest, then is not dishonesty a virtue ? These reasons throughout, it will be seen, are a large improvement upon that which we have so often heard that " honesty is the best policy." By this system of morality, hon-esty is the best policyŠif you can make it pay. It is evident that if all these virtues should be exercised, for the reasons that are given in this book, the result in every case would be nothing else than a su- preme selfishness clothed with a perfect self-satisfaction. This is not only the logic of the subject; it is the teaching of the book. The reasons for the " virtue " of pride, are these :Š To take satisfaction in keeping within the virtues, and not merely within the fashions, is a worthy gratification, as also to take a lively interest in your abilities and not in your superficial accomplish-ments.ŠPage 258. Yes, that is so. We remember having read somewhere, in an old book, a descrip-tion of an individual who took satisfaction in just that kind of gratification, because of that kind of virtue. The description reads thus : " The Pharisee stood and prayed thus with himself, God, I thank thee, that I am not as other men are, ex-tortioners, unjust, adulterers, or even as this publican. I fast twice in the week, I give tithes of all that I possess." Luke 18: 11, 12. This is a genuine and authen-tic description of the character,that would be developed by conformity to the teach-ings of the book now under consideration. Every reason that is there given for every virtue that is there described, is summed up in one word, selfishness. To such an extent is this so, that by the teaching of the book, unselfishness itself is turned into selfishness ; for it said :Š Selfishness is not necessarily self-sacrifice, but, as it is to our advantage to be unselfish, the unselfish man enjoys his own life more than does the selfish. Š Page 32. Thus the logic of this system of morality is supreme selfishness. And that is pro-posed as a system, of ethics for society and schools. There is enough selfishness in society already, without making it the chief element in the instruction of all the  children in the country in the public schools. This is also the logic of every system that ever proposed to teach morals without religion; but we shall have more of the same in subsequent articles. A. T. J. Civil Sunday Laws. As noticed briefly a week or two since, the founder of the American Sabbath Union, in. an article in Our Day, for Jan- uary, says :Š It is significant that the American Secular Union, instead of condemning all Sabbath laws, asks only for the " repeal and prevention of all laws enforcing the observance of Sunday as a religious institution, rather than an economic one justified by physiolog ical and other secular reasons." As there are no Sunday laws that enforce its religious observance, this " plank " " nailed on the fog," is waste timber. Let us examine this matter a little and see just how much truth there is in the statement made in Our Day. What are the grounds of the Sunday laws of the several States ? and upon what grounds does the American Sabbath Union demand additional laws for the enforcement of Sunday rest ? In answering these ques-tions we observe first, that the basis of the organization in question, is the fourth commandment of the Decalogue. There can therefore be no doubt that the Amer-ican Sabbath Union itself is a religious organization. That the observance which it wishes to enforce by civil law is also of a religious character is plainly shown by many utterances of representative mem-bers of the organization. The President of the association has himself declared :-- We do not rest this work on mere human reason- ing: we rest it wholly and directly on the divine commandment. And of the so-called " civil Sabbath," the founder of the Union says :Š . Take the religion out and you take the rest out. And again the same authority is cred-ited, by the Denver News of January 17, with the following utterance :Š The chief reason, however, why civil law forbids Sunday amusements is not the injury that comes to individuals froth Sunday work and noise, but the fact that to allow them would be to destroy the rest day itself. The Christian Advocate, of this city, a paper thoroughly in sympathy with the Union, referring to Europe, says that workingmen, who were told that a secular Sabbath would be advantageous to them because it would afford them opportunity for recreation and pleasure Which was impossible on the other days, find that they have been deceived; the secularisation of Sun-day really means additional burdens for laborers. This is simply putting in another form, the statement made by Mr. Crafts, and means that Sunday must be preserved as a religious day if it is to be preserved as a day of physical rest. Right in harmony with these utterances are the following ;words from a Presbyterian pastor, in San Francisco, California :7- Christianity does not teach that men can be made-religious by law, but it does enjoin that men should 