NOVEMBER 2, 1803. ..,&TVIDMaIrCA N nNlLIINR111_40 339 convey, and who realize the inconsisten-cies involved in the constitutional amend-ment which the league proposes, the queries submitted in this letter, and the contradictory positions on matters of reli-gious law and legislation taken by the promoters and officers of this organization, must require something more than mere protestation before they can believe that this league is anything other than another American Protective Association in dis-guise. Both propose similar things. Both show an equal inability to comprehend the prin-ciples which they themselves have enunci-ated. But the American Protective Asso-ciation is the more candid and the less subtle of the two, for it leaves no doubt as to who it considers its enemy, and also that it does not love its enemy. In this series of questions which the league has sent out it commits and con-victs itself. The lack of consistency be-tween the constitutional amendment and the first question, and the succeeding questions, show conclusively that it is not the intent of the league to consistently follow out its principles even if it has any adequate understanding of them as they are stated. The humiliating truth seems to be that the League for the Preservation of Amer-ican Institutions is nothing more than an expression of Jesuitical Protestantism seeking to aggrandize itself by antagoniz-ing Rom anism. The two are, therefore, but exhibitions of the same force from opposite poles. W. H. M. Civil GovernmentŠIts Origin and Object. CivilŠPertaining to a city or State, or to a citizen in his relation to his fellow citizens or to the city or State.ŠWebster. GovernmentŠThe exercise of authority; the ad-ministration of laws.ŠIbid. By these definitions it is clearly seen that civil government points out the duties that we owe to each other and to the city or State as civil beings: and ex-ercises authority in seeing that these are carried out. Question, why was civil government demanded Because of sin, which was the working out of selfishness. This in-vaded the rights of others, and a demand for the protection of life and property arose, in order that man's natural rights might be secured. This is seen in the his-tory of Cain and Abel, and here is where civil government began. When these two brothers offered sacrifices, and Abel's offering was accepted while Cain's was rejected, Cain's anger arose, then the Lord began to reason with him : " Why art thou wroth ? and why is thy countenance fallen ? If thou doest well, shalt thou not be accepted ? and if thou doest not well, sin lieth at the door : and unto thee shall be his desire, and thou shalt rule over him." In ruling over Abel, Cain was to give to him his natural rights, which he evidently refused to do, for as soon as opportunity presented itself and his anger was strong enough, he slew his brother, and thus took away his natural rights to life and happiness. When the Lord de-manded of him his brother's life, Cain's rebellion was stirred again, and he said : "Am I my brother's keeper ?" In all this Cain rebelled against God and civil gov-ernment, and the Lord punished him for it by bringing an additional curse upon him and the ground. " When thou tillest the ground, it shall not henceforth yield  unto thee her strength; a fugitive and a vagabond shalt thou be in the earth." Afterward Cain acknowledged God's jus-tice in establishing civil government and pleaded for self-protection, saying : " My punishment is greater than I can bear . . . . and I shall be a fugitive and a vagabond in the earth; and it shall come to pass, that every one that findeth me shall slay me." But the Lord promised him protection, saying, " Whosoever slay-eth Cain, vengeance shall be taken on him sevenfold. And the Lord set a mark upon Cain, lest any finding him should slay him." Later on we find that as selfishness in-creased and men's lives became more and more in danger, the Lord said, "At the hand of every man's brother will I require the life of man. Whoso sheddeth man's blood, by man shall his blood be shed." In this inspired record we have the origin and object of civil government, namely, that which secures to each person his or her inherent rights to life, liberty and property, and protection in the use of the same. Liberty is here used in the sense of per-fect freedom to think, speak and act out one's own convictions of duty in matters of faith and religion, irrespective of any other man's opinion, so long as he does not take away the same rights from others by so doing. This definition applies just as fully with reference to life and property as it does in matters of faith and religion. From these facts it will be seen that the civil power has nothing to do whatsoever with a man's religious belief or practices; this is a matter that pertains solely to each individual, independent of every other individual or government. No matter whether a person be a Christian or a Cath-olic or a Buddhist, the same rights belong to each one alike; they may worship, how, when, and where they please, so long as they do not infringe upon the same rights of others, and the civil government has nothing to say about it because these are inherent rights that existed before civil government existed, being co-exist-ent with man himself. God gave these rights to man, and he is responsible to God alone for the exercise of these rights. Moreover, our Government cannot give these rights because it never possessed them to give; and this fact is well stated in the Declaration of IndependenceŠ" We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." No one could ask more or less of any gov-ernment, neither can any government grant less or more; for this is complete and perfect liberty both civil and reli-gious. It is just what Jesus Christ estab-lished and taught when he said, " Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's, and unto God the things that. are God's." It is just what our Constitution guarantees to all its citizens in the First AmendmentŠ" Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of reli-gion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." These rights and privileges were further guaranteed to the citizens of this Govern-ment in Article 6 of the Constitution, last clauseŠ" No religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office of public trust under the United States." By these quotations it is plain to be seen that the founders of our Government un- derstood the true object of civil govern-ment. But lo! and behold, all these prin-ciples, which every lover of liberty sup-posed were granted to them, are being taken away. H. J. FARMAN. An Unholy Alliance. Editor American Sentinel: A new and nefarious scheme has been initiated out here on the Pacific Coast, to combine the Catholic and Protestant churches and form an unholy alliance between Church and State, in connection with our public school system. Rev. Dr. Pond, pastor of Bethany Con-gregational Church, San Francisco, has been working on the plan for several months, and recently presented his scheme in a paper read before the Monday Club of Congregational Ministers, where it re-ceived a general and hearty indorsement. It was published in last week's issue of the Pacific, and I enclose you a copy. The SENTINEL has proved a true prophet for it has predicted just such an iniquitous and monstrous attempt. Dr. Pond's prem-ises are precisely the same as those re-cently enunciated by the Roman Catholic Archbishop Riordan, in a discourse on religious education, that it is impossible to secure this education in connection with our public schools, under the present secular system; that church services, in-cluding Sunday-schools, are entirely in-sufficient for it; that home instruction cannot be depended on, and therefore that church schools are absolutely necessary, The Government schools give secular in-struction and it is unnecessary that the church schools should undertake that, if " mutual relations " can be established between the public schools and the church, schools, and what Mgr. Satolli calls " par-allel action " be thereby secured. The church schools would supplement the secu-lar instruction of the public schools with re-ligious instruction pure and simple, making the Bible, either Catholic or Protestant, the text-book, teaching the Christian evi-dences, history and ethics from the stand-point of Bible Christianity, and a general system of theology. Under this plan the public schools and the church schools in-stead of being antagonistic or competitive, would be cooperative. Under this alliance, Dr. Pond says, "the studies pursued in the church schools would become electives in the public school curriculum, and children attending church schools would be dismissed one hour earlier on that account, and the record of credits in church-school studies would contribute in due proportion to the standing which the pupil attains in the public schools." The " demand " on the part of the Prot-estant Churches, backed by "the 'immense political influence of the Romish Church," for such an alliance between the secular and church schools it is declared would be "irresistible." And this Protestant D.D., you will notice, quotes at some length from a recent address of the Papal Able-gate Mgr. Satolli, to show that "Roman-ists and Protestants can pull together," to this end. A cunning scheme, a crafty plot ! a fine entering wedge to secure a national reli-gion by this instruction given by trained and salaried teachers, in buildings con-nected with the churches. And, as a starter, Dr. Pond is now bending all his energies to secure the funds for the erec- 