396 A_MLIEIR,1140111.N S1EN9L'IN1l EA., VoL. 9, No. 50. evidence in the New Testament of the selection by the apostles of the Sunday as a substitute for the Mosaic Sabbath ; and if the texts are not conclusive of an obligation, they are still plainly indicative of the apostolic origin of the new custom. That gave me ample opportunity to demonstrate the need of church -authority in such matters; but the two points above stated compel us, I am sure, to take sides against the Adventists. I dread their fanaticism. If they ever grow strong, the Sunday is gone from public courts and legislatures, from the industrial and domestic life of the peopleŠan incalculable loss to religion. These new sectarians are making converts in many places, full of deadly hatred of the Catholic Church, some of whose exponents have, unhappily, supplied them with their most effective weapons to unsettle Protestant belief and practice on the question of Sunday observ-ance. It will be noted that " Father " Elliott acknowledges that he took "the Protes- tant side of the controversy on the question of Sunday observance." It is clear there- fore that he did not take the Roman Cath-olic position. In other words, pressed by the questions of Seventh-day Adventists he abandoned the position of his church, and took a position that the Catholic Mirror, the organ of the Cardinal-Archbishop of Baltimore, branded only a few months since as " groundless, self-contradictory and suicidal." But it is not strange that a Romish priest takes a " Protestant position" when occasion demands; for, "The end justifies the means" is a time honored motto with the papacy. But it is too late in the history of the world for the priests of Rome to deny the position of their church upon the change of the Sabbath. " Fa-ther " Elliott only stultifies himself and his cause when he abandons the claim that the Roman Catholic Church changed the Sabbath, and tries to make it appear that it was done by the apostles. The cate-chisms and publications of the Catholic Church are against him. Every Seventh-day Adventist in the United States ought to have several copies of the Catholic Mirror pamphlet,* The Christian Sab-bath," to use against this virulent priest wherever he goes. Loan them to your neighbors, and ask them to read them; and when Mr. Elliott denies the claim of his own church as put forth by the official organ of the American Cardinal-Arch- bishop, the people will readily see in his devious course the trail of the Romish serpent, and will judge him by the rule, Falsus in uno, Falsus in omnibus. Ł-Ł Ł "Is It Religious Persecution?" THIS question was raised by the New York Independent, in its issue of Novem-ber 29, in an article devoted to the discus-sion of the recent imprisonment of two Seventh-day Adventists in Centreville, Md., for "doing bodily labor on the Lord's day." The Independent has several times in the past spoken in no uncertain terms con-cerning the imprisonment of Seventh-day Adventists and Seventh-day Baptists, for failure to observe Sunday in obedience to civil laws, and the opening paragraph of the present article has some of the old-time ring. Our contemporary says :Š In the progress of the spirit of independence and liberty persecution has become a hateful thing, an in-tolerance which the right-minded refuse to tolerate. It is with a feeling of hilmiliation, if not with positive horror, that we look back to the time in our own his-tory, not so far away as we could wish, when the members of certain sects were proscribed and perse-cuted; when imprisonment and fines were meted out to those who did not fall in with prevalent religious * Will be sent from this office; price single copy, ten cents; six far fifty cents.  practices. We are not sure that we have not still among us a vestige of that species of persecution by which the civil authorities used to punish men and women for their neglect or refusal to comply with religious observances enforced by law. This is good. We certainly still have among us very considerable "vestige of that species of persecution by which the civil authorities used to punish men and women for their neglect or refusal to com-ply with religious observances enforced by law." But the Independent grows timid as it progresses, and after giving expression to the sentiments we have quoted, begins to hedge in this fashion :Š Strictly speaking, the courts do not enforce this civil law because of the divine sanction or because of the religious observances of the clay. The law is based on the idea that a periodical rest-day is for the good of men and that its enforcement is a matter of police regulation, for which it is perfectly proper that the State should make provision. This is the main ground, as we take it, but connected with it is also the principle that those who desire to observe it as a day of religious exercise are entitled to do so in quietness and peace without the disturbance which characterizes an ordinary day of labor. Of course all the courts do not necessa-rily enforce this "civil law because of the divine sanction or because of the religious observance of the day," but because the law directs them to enforce it. That does not, however, touch the real question at all: Why are such laws enacted? Let the Christian Statesman, of November 3, answer :Š The State is bound to keep the Sabbath as a witness for God before the eyes of the people. This witness must be kept on the witness stand that men may profit by its testimony. The Sabbath is a witness to the Lordship of the Almighty. God designed that men should not be permitted to forget his authority. He, therefore, so orders it by means of the histitution of the Sabbath, that every seventh day there should be before their eyes a reminder of his supremacy. And so it is that all over this wide world, wherever by human authority, men are required to cease from toil on the Sabbath God has a witness on the stand testi-fying to his supremacy. This is why wicked men desire to annul the legislation that requires the cessa-tion from usual labor on the Lord's dayŠthey want to get rid of its testimony to the authority of Gon. , . Next to the cross of Calvary, the ordinance of the Sabbath witnesses most eloquently to the be-nevolence of God. This is a bold avowal of the real purpose of Sunday laws. Their design is to honor a religious institution as such; and they are enacted in obedience to the demand of the churches. In the Christian Statesman, of July 3, 1890, Rev. W. F. Crafts, the great Sunday law champion, said :Š During nearly all our American history the churches have influenced the States to make and improve Sab-bath laws. In like manner, United States District Judge Hammond, in his dictum in the well-known King case, in western Ten-nessee, said :Š Sectarian freedom of religious belief is guaranteed by the constitution [of Tennessee] ; not in the sense argued here, that King, as a Seventh-day Adventist, or some other as a Jew, or yet another as a Seventh-day Baptist, might set at defiance the prejudices, if you please, of other sects having control of legislation in the matter of Sunday observance, but only in the sense that he should not himself be disturbed in the practices of his creed; . . . which is quite a dif-ferent thing from saying that in the course of his daily labor, . . . he might disregard laws made in aid, if you choose to say so, of the religion of other sects. Again, in the same connection, Judge Hammond, though deciding against King, says :Š It is a somewhat humiliating spectacle to see the Sunday advocates trying to justify the continuance of Sunday legislation . . . upon the argument that it is not in conflict with the civic dogma of religious freedom. It surely is. . . . The bare fact that the mass [of the people] desires Sunday as the public day of rest, is enough to justify its civic sanction ; and the potentiality of the fact that it is in aid of the  religion of that mass might be frankly confessed and not denied. This is a plain statement of the fact which the Independent seeks to explain away, namely, that Sunday laws rest not upon civil but upon religious grounds, and hence are religious laws, i. e., laws de-signed to control, to some extent, the people in religious things. They rest confessedly upon religious prejudices and not upon civic reasons. The Independent would better get off the fence. It is impossible to serve two masters. The imprisonment of Seventh-day Adventists for working on Sunday is either right or it is not right. If right, let the Independent fearlessly defend it; if wrong, let it as fearlessly say so, as it has done in the past, and not try to carry water on both shoulders. It is evident that the Independent is in a great strait betwixt a desire to please the people who demand Sunday laws, and an innate sense of justice which revolts at evident injustice. The third paragraph of the article in question runs thus:Š Se fair as the courts are concerned we have no reason for holding that the imprisonment of seventh-day ob-servers for laboring on the first day is in the nature of religious persecution. The courts must consider such cases as are legally brought before them, and must decide according to the law. The element of persecu-tion may appear, however, in connection with the complaint. It is quite possible that some, whose zeal for the Christian Sabbath is warmer than their love for their Christian brethren, are led to secure the en-forcement of law on account of a feeling of prejudice. However this may be, it is a painful thing to see men who conscientiously observe the seventh day, arraigned and imprisoned for refusing to observe also the first day. It looks like religious persecution ; it looks like intolerance toward those who cannot conscientiously accept the views of the majority as to the Sabbath. Making all allowance for the charge that some of the seventh-day people invite the penalties of the law by ostentatiously violating it, it does seem to us that such cases as those in Maryland and Tennessee are an anachronism. It is perfectly easy so to modify the law as to permit those who observe the seventh day regularly to have the privilege of working on the first day, provided they do not infringe, in thus laboring, the rights of the majority. There is such a provision in the laws of this State and in those of other States, and we wish it were universal. It may be, as before remarked, that so far as the courts in general are concerned, the motive is not religious. Indeed, we have personally known of judges who were very reluctant to try these Sunday cases, and States attorneys who were loth to prosecute them; but there are very many judges who are in hearty sympathy with just such legislation. A number of judges of various courts have been, and are, identified with the National Reform Association and the American Sabbath Union, thus giving their influence to the enactment of civil laws for the enforce-ment of religious dogmas. Moreover, in some cases courts have, by construction, actually made laws of just this character. For instance, the statutes of Tennessee provide a fine of three dollars for violation of the Sunday law, to be re-covered before any justice of the peace. But the courts of that State have, by con-struction, made a law that a repetition of such acts becomes a nuisance, an indict-able offense, punishable by a fine in any sum over fifty dollars, at the discretion of the jury, and under that sum at the dis-cretion of the judge. This decision was rendered, and this law made by the Su-preme Court of Tennessee in a case where an Adventist was the defendant. And this decision was made in the face of a prior decision by the same court in a sim-ilar case, but where no religious issue was involved, to the effect that " to hold that it [ordinary labor] becomes a nuisance when carried on on Sunday, is a perver- 